Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
I'm indecisive. Tell me what to read before Gravitys Rainbow comes in the mail next week /lit/
Pre game GR with Inherent Vice
those are all unread?
Candide and Heart of darkness
Candide
Just play Jenga till it comes
Aside from The Stranger yeah this is my unread pile
/thread
Read Dante
is this bait? you're hopping from the stranger to GR?
was about to say that actually looks nice for favorites but i can't believe that's your unread stack
What's the issue?
not going straight for the meme trilogy so you can be finished with literature
implying anything other than the meme trilogy is worth reading
i think this is bait but it feels so real. i want it to be bait. im seriously cringing
The very fact that you feel that there is a sense of sequentiality to literature/reading makes you a bigger pleb than op
Lit might be the most pretentious board there is
InfernoNot Divine Comedy
Reccs based on my shelf?
When self-publishing a book with short, episodic chapters:1 web serialor2 just dump the whole thing on Amazon?
How many writers here draw their inspiration from dreams and visions  like PKD as opposed to methodical planning? Share your experiences
Sometimes, but my inspiration comes mostly from real life experiences.
This guy fucksgood morning gas bro, if i wake up after an epic dream I try to write it down in as much detail as possible and figure out how to write it later. This has never worked for me, I always end up deleting it/throwing it away
Borges? More like Borefest lmao. Here's a man who only ever read a bunch of encyclopedias and Don Quixote. What do you even see in this guy? He couldn't even write a single novel.
i bet he can shitpost better than you. truly fluid
Have you actually read any of his works?
What's up with the Borges overflow today?
I like this book where he talks about legendary monsters. I also love Rose of Paracaelsius or however it is called.polishfag here and I don't know english
That is a top-tier pun but you still stuck
Is the excessive use of videogames a sign of nietzschean slave moral?
No, but it's a last man tier activity nonetheless.
Can you help me :3 ?
no
Goes in top: /diy/, /pol/, /k/, /fit/, /trv/, /out/Goes in bottom: /tg/, /g/, /sci/, /r9k/, /toy/, /po/
/pol/
I think you could argue the gamergate bullshit is a prime example of slave morality.
/pol/making their own wayThey chose a separate path, but they're still forced to conform to a mindset determined by others to fit in. They're down there with /r9k/.How so? Which side?
Didn't it basically revolve around a guy getting back at his ex for cheating on him?
I'm honestly not sure where /d/ would fit. On the one hand it is degenerate hedonism, on the other it's artistic in a fucked up way. It depends on how it's used maybe?The same could be said about videogames I guess. They're last man tier if they're used as escapism and ubermensch tier if they're for education/feels.
Yep. So much for the whole idea of the internet not being your personal army. Boy these younger generations. I felt so aged when I saw that happen.
There was a lot more depth to it than that. I'm no advocate for either side, but it supposedly weaves in with a few corporate conspiracies and many more cases of fraudulent journalism.There was no 'personal army' jazz going on, /v/ was offended by the lack of ethical integrity from a number of vidya news sources and took action against them.I wouldn't say that they were cattle following each other any more than their counterparts were.
supposedlyIntensifies
You're easily the worst namefag second only to twinisha.
slave morality impoverish, bleaches, mars the value of things; it suppress the world. "world" is a christian term of abuse.Trying to impoverish and suppress the value of gamergate uh
We really are being raided by /v/, /tv/ and /mu/
trying to impoverish and suppress the value of ressentiment uh
Are you saying you are slave morality and resentment and im trying to suppress you?? Is that supposed to be a good come back??
playing vidya is absolutely pleb tier if the story isnt absolutely overwheliing.did you ever realize that you dont even exist while playing? you are captivated in a world someone else imagined in order to tranquilize you. while being there you have no influence on you surroundings whatsoever. hence you dont exist. i know the same could be said for books but in my opinion books can teach you more so you change yourself at least
if you ever bring up gamer gate in any context for any reason whether for or against or ambivalent or disinterested then you are automatically a turd-tier person
he doesn't banter it up while playing video games with his mates
No. I'm not a feminist, I'm a fascist.
following orders and completing missions given by a machinehuman
Technically those orders and missions were given by the humans who made the game.
video games are art that allow for the will to power so they're the most übermensch art form
allowing the will to powerallowing the will to powerallowing the will to power
No, other way around. Slaves aren't capable of properly enjoying games, only the Masters were ever capable of such pastimes. And the final evolution of Nietzsche's metamorphoses of the spirit is the Child, a spirit that approaches life in a playful, cheerful matter, as if it were a game. So theoretically, games and consequently video games are an output of and a desire from the most mature spirits of humanity.
Science fiction/fantasy books can be considered high literature?
The Divine Comedy, as per Gene Wolfe, is science fiction, so yeah, I would say they definitely can be. Not nearly all of them are, but some of them certainly are, including Gene Wolfe himself.
Gene Wolfe isn't good stop with this meme
A Voyage to Arcturus?
Well there's Lem and...yeah, that's pretty much it.
There are indeed great literary works that make use of scientific and fantastical themes.
Will it give me a boner?
Not really. Maybe that one scene but even then, not really.
Maybe if you rub it on the front of your pants.
That sucks.
Unless you get a hardon for overrated trash, then no.
Elaborate?
No
there a couple of boner-potential scenes.all of these are in part one.i can spot at least three
it did me
If you get hard while reading Lolita, I've got some bad news for you. And if you don't get hard, I've got even worse news
I popped multiple boners while reading it.
It is assumed that it takes 15 years to have a functionning brain, ofc this is statistics.there are girls who are 12 years old and well-developped, just like an adualt woman, far more wise than adults, of both sex. some take longer. Why is it wrong for an adult to get with a teen, but not two teens getting together ? But our society tend to protect the teens, so we are left with 18 year-old unable to reflect on their lifes. This is what is wrong, that we do not develop their consents while they get closer and closer to total liberty with fewer and fewer responsibilities
there's nothing wrong with shagging 12-year old girls...
reminder that girls love sex
Sex is only sex, stop sacralizing this activity
No. Instead browsing /lit/ could.Source: Years of personal experience
yeah, just not with me
9/10nice pic's choice
gave me many raging hard onsat the first hotel scene, i had to furiously masturbateso yeah, for most people it should, which was probably the intention of the author
Now this is truly poignantstill don't get how that would serve as the initial inspiration
Yeah, I agree with this. When /lit/ gets gay and starts talking about boipussi, it gets to me
He's making shit up for effectIt's Nabokov
wait what's the worse news
You're gay, son.
not boipvssinot starting with the greeks
Maybe when he first touches her thighs, you might.
Lolita is flashy try hard shit that retards take seriously in terms of prose style. Nabakov was a tasteless talentless hack obsessed over only because of controversy.You know, like Miley Cyrus or those really shitty metal bands who pretend to worship Satan, or Burroughs, or some other retarded shit like Marilyn Manson. They only have attention because some mad mother found it offensive and it's something to talk about. People will praise the first paragraph or chapter or whatever as being the greatest english prose ever. But these are the same people who don't see Moby Dick for what it is, which is Melville's somewhat subtle attempt at homosexual erotica . In fact, the few people who /lit/ actually somewhat agrees upon as good authors are Pynchon even though he only has three good books worth noting, Joyce Ulysses is 90% overhyped edgy trash, Portrait and Dubliners being his best works, and Finnegans Wake is absolute pretentious shit he wrote just because he knew people would freak over it without knowing a single fucking thing about it, kind of like how people think Rothko and Pollack and Picasso were artists of 'meaning', Bolano. Let me put this to you clearly - roughly 90% of /lit/ thinks Cormac publish so many maybe something has to be worth while McCunty is a good writer and that Blood Meridian is some epic work to be remembered when all it really as was a dreary, boring, edgy story full of gore which he somehow made to be absolutely boring and uninteresting. And there is a passage detailing a guy hitting babies against a tree or something and having their brains fly out of their soft spot, and because nothing has happened at all you're not even impressed, you're just depressed because you know the climax of the novels intensity as intense as an elderly man trying to remember how to crack an egg has reached its peak.Skip it, be happy. Lolita is trash. Oh and another thing, /lit/ trusts Harold the sweaty fat cunt Bloom as a proper source of review and criticism.
muh edgybut saved pasta, thanks
you just said all that and didn't legitimately say anything real about the prose or what's wrong with himjust a bunch of faggy assumption
added to my pasta file/10Piero?
No he wrote it because his Uncle hurt his feelings and his boipussy.
Anyone else here read the book about that suggested that the couch scene should be cut out of all editions of Lolita because if it gives you a boner you're going to molest your kids?
What's your favorite book, little guy? :^
If you think Lolita was about pedophilia rather than it being an insignificant detail/tool of expression, you're a simple minded pleb with poor reading comprehension and no ability to detect meaning, also you haven't read any Nabokov and should've started with something more literal. To be fair most of /lit/ is just as mentally challenged and still likes their poor understanding of the book for some obscure reason.
cousin wrote a bookpretty smart and artistically minded guygot it publishedI read itit's a political thrillerthought it was an okay readhe has since *sold* seventeen copiesknow for a fact that most of my extended family bought a copy to encourage himthat's like twelve peoplehis mother told my aunt last month that he is depressedtfw he tried to commit suicide two days ago and is in the hospitalThis could be any one of you.
weaklings trying to go into the world without prior reflection will be crushed
you will never be published
He must have had a fucking terrible publisher. I could sell more copies of a 3000 word thriller on Amazon over a weekend.
Do you really have that large a family?
Give me a link or a name or something, anything.I have no idea what book or author you're talking about. No wonder the book never sold.
No I just know basic marketing. Get a few good reviews in early and post your shit around a few blogs. You'll make at least 17 sales even if it's complete garbage. I'm assuming they set him up with a reading or two and got his trash reviewed. Selling that few shows a complete lack of effort or marketing. If it is a bleh airport thriller though I imagine it was just some shitty publisher that churns out rubbish and throws it at a wall.
It's quite common in the south for those kind of people to breed amongst themselves.
But most success stories start out with a bunch of failures. Pretty much nobody just becomes successful after their first attempt, and those who do are lucky more than anything else.
Actually a failed first novel - a failure of that magnitude is pretty much suicide as far as most publishers would be concerned. You'd have to hope they didn't hear about it and you'd improved a shitload by the time you were sending out a new manuscript. You'd have to self-publish in the future, go to a really smaller desperate publisher or change your name.
This has been my greatest fear.
got it publishedWith an actual publisher, though? Vanity publishers are a diamond dozen these days.
what a fucking idiot he is to be depressed after failing with his first novel. write a new one you shithead.
Pretty sure my family wouldnt buy any copies.
diamond dozen
not promoting the shit out of your brother's work by hiring russian penny-paid bot spammers and distributing excess copies to used bookstoresonly got yourself to blame tbh
And the name of this author is?And the title of this book is?OP if you're trying to sell a book to us based on your cousin becoming an hero, you're not doing a very good job.
Albert Einstein.
Who is the best living philosopher?
zizek
Nice bait.
have you even read him?
Evola, Carlyle, Filmer, de Maistre
All of those people are definitely still alive.
I think that's the neatest I've ever seen Zizek look
, 
You know how the old chestnut states something along the lines of 'Hitler and the Nazis misused Nietzsche's philosophy, Nietzsche hated German nationalism and anti-Semitism!'Well I recently discovered that the leading translator of Nietzsche into English during the early 20th century happened to think that National Socialism was, in fact, a rather accurate representation of Nietzsche's philosophy.This is the full text: 
Counter-Currents Publishing, Ltd. takes its guiding principles from French Traditionalist René Guénon’s The Crisis of the Modern World.History is cyclical, and its prevailing current is downward, declining from a Golden Age through Silver and Bronze Ages to a Dark Age.We live in a Dark Age, in which decadence reigns and all natural and healthy values are inverted.Yeah, I'm gonna say that website has a political agenda in its interpretation of Nietzsche's philosophy.
He has his interpretation of Nietzsche and I have mine. As for the right, the correct and the only interpretation of Nietzsche, that does not exist.
The text is hosted on that website, but was written in the 1930s.
Nietzsche actually would have like Nazism much more than people want to admit, because faggoty lastmen want to keep him as theirs, because might makes right can't be defeated so they embed their 'victory' against his philosophy in 'reason'people just don't want to see it because they have a sentimental bias against Nazism. The anti-antisemitism and antiGermanic sentiments of Nietzsche are trivial in comparison to the spirit of his philosophy more generally.He literally argues that states should exist to dominate and produce great men. He also thought that uniting Europe into one state was GOOD, not bad, because to him nationalism=fractious, broken Europe that fought over small things. So German pride, insofar as it didn't lead to domination, he was opposed to, but he didn't oppose it if it led to conquering Europe.People confuse his positive descriptions of Germany's incapability with ethical statements about what Germany should do.
How the fuck does no one ever bring up The Birth of Tragedy here when talking about Nietzsche?
Well I recently discovered that the leading translator of Nietzsche into English during the early 20th century happened to think that National Socialism was, in fact, a rather accurate representation of Nietzsche's philosophy.That's swell, but the leading translator is a moron. The extent of Nietzsche's anti-semitism is to blame Judaism for spawning the Christian slave morality. In Thus Spake Zarathustra he clearly and unequivocally declares himself an enemy of all cults of personality and ideologies that necessitate subsuming one's own desire for life in order to achieve another's dream or ideals.Nietzsche's anti-semitism is so non-existent, this is the best an anti-semitic website could come up with to claim that he was on their "side:"That the Jews, if they wanted it…could even now have preponderance, indeed quite literally mastery over Europe, that is certain; that they are not working and planning for that is equally certain.
Because it's rather insignificant to his whole philosophy and is just a verbosity of Stirner's first section in Ego.All the book does is say "Christian faggots try to make us overvalue reason. Don't do that. It's not that reason is bad, it's that it's not the Greatest Thing Ever".
...according to Nietzsche, the history of mankind falls, as it were, into two halves — the period preceding Socrates, during which the public estimate of a man was always based upon his biological worth, and the period following Socrates, during which the public estimate of a man always tended to neglect or ignore his biological worth. How Socrates changed the point of view in order to make things tolerable for himself a degenerate specimen LOLStopped reading there.Anyway, I agree in that I never liked people saying Hitler and Mussolini misread Nietzsche -- I prefer 'radically appropriate.' Because their states don't really lose the concept of the ubermensch, they merely turn the Will of the Higher Man into the Will of the Higher State and so on; and how everyone says N. hated nationalism when he talked often about the greatness of 'European values,' which doesn't make it too much of a stretch to say any particular European country could claim they were the pinnacle of this, etc.Anyway, the point I'm getting at is it's certainly possible to support National Socialism with Nietzsche's' philosophy, but to say it's an "accurate representation" or N. himself would love it goes a bit too far, I think.
Antisemitism is only a small facet of Nazism. The primary drive of Hitler was to bring back the pride and romantic warlike feelings Germany had pre-WW1, and to fix the mistakes the Germans made in WW1.Antisemitism was a convenient sentiment he played on to achieve that goal.
Nietzsche totally would have during the era where he was gay for Wagner. Then he grew out of love and grew up.
The primary drive of Hitler was to bring back the pride and romantic warlike feelings Germany had pre-WW1You mean the culture Nietzsche despised above all else?When I try to think of the kind of man who is opposed to me in all my instincts the picture that springs to mind is always that of a German.
everyone says N. hated nationalismEveryone says this but no one reads what Nietzsche actually says about nationalism.Nietzsche hated nationalism for keeping nations opposed. He wanted nations to be united under one dominating ruler. It's literally right there in the text, you just have to actually read it instead of repeating memes.
I know, I'm agreeing with you and am glad you said it in such a neat, concise way in your last post.
You mean the culture Nietzsche despised above all else?I'm not really interested in getting into a debate with your bigoted, antiNazi sentiments. Try viewing things without an ideological bias
Stopped reading there.You imply in that statement that you think you know more about Nietzsche than Ludovici, who travelled to Germany literally for the sole purpose of learning German to read Nietzsche in the native language, then spend several years exhaustively translating it into English, whilst writing several guides on Nietzsche, and then wrote this after 30+ years of doing all that.
He wrote that in Beyond Good and Evil, which he wrote long after the break with Wagner.Good, glad someone else tries to comprehend the text instead of looking only at the symbols.
Nazism was about following orders from the big daddy state. Nazism was too popular with the rabble and too reactionary.It had a lot of slave morality.
It should definitely be read before getting into Nietzsche's other work. It's a great introduction, if for one reason in particular, if you don't understand it then you can be sure you don't have the experience necessary to actually comprehend him in general. It's short and coherent enough that there's little reason for anyone who wants to delve into Nietzsche's ideas to not have read it and sheds light on where he's coming from while clarifying exactly what he values and dislikes in art.
He wrote that in Beyond Good and Evil, which he wrote long after the break with Wagner.What you just said? Then you should read it again, Nietzsche's idea of dominion and great men was far different from the barbaric force and brutes the Nazi state produced.
Only because I know the sources for the misreading. Yes, at one point Nietzsche does write about how contemplative types having to use rhetoric to obtain power over active, physically strong types, but that's far removed from the part where he talks about Socrates and his 'sickly' ways.N. hates the 'state' in regards to his higher types. The lower types are supposed to meet their fate and follow.
Nazism was about following orders from the big daddy state. Nazism was too popular with the rabble and too reactionary.Not at all. It was about reviving the warrior spirit in the German people. Do you know what the early Nazi propaganda looked like? Take a cursory look at it.It had a lot of slave morality.No, Nazism actually was literally the reaction against the bad conscience that the allies tried to force on Germany in the form of reparations. Literally it was the opposite of slave morality. Literally, by Nietzsche's text.
What you just said? Then you should read it again, Nietzsche's idea of dominion and great men was far different from the barbaric force and brutes the Nazi state produced.How about you illustrate these broad claims a little by Nietzsche and the history books?
The purpose of him making that point is to clarify what it is that tragic art explores and why this matters, which is the core of the book. This is very much important, and may at least help the reader shake off the dumbing influence of idiot schoolteacher's interpretations of art if they were immersed in that kind of environment.As I said, it ought to at least be read as a shit test to see if you aren't just some faggot who doesn’t have what it takes to get Nietzsche.
I could see it going either way. I have a hard time believing Nietzsche would think very highly of Nazi soldiers or what the Nazis did to academia, but I could see him praising someone like Hitler had Nietzsche lived a century after him. This kind of makes me think his views of historical figures tend not to be very grounded in reality.
Ludovici's autobiography 'Confessions of an Anti-Feminist: The Autobiography of Anthony M. Ludovici', released posthumously as outlined in his will, is set to be republished in the summer of 2015.
I have a hard time believing Nietzsche would think very highly of Nazi soldiers or what the Nazis did to academiaNietzsche didn't think very highly of academia himself.
For one, he wanted, and I quote "all anti-semites shot". For another, he claimed that Germany were great only because of Polish blood in their veins. His idea of the Übermensch was not racial in nature, and his "will to power" exemplary by a force of nature rather than a brute force by lesser people hiding behind it. Nazism bred literal slave mortality, to the state, to Hitlers cult of personality. Not only would he have hated it, it goes against everything he was trying to say, and it took the Nazi's skirt holding to Religio-dualism to coin the term "Untermensch" to justify their slander of the man.
Right, but I'm saying he would have thought their impositions made it even worse.
Nietzsche's anti-semitism is so non-existentHe was anti-Jewish sometimes, often overtly."Every nation, every man has disagreeable, even dangerous characteristics; it is cruel to demand that the Jew should be an exception.” And there is no doubt that he is disagreeable: “the youthful Jew of the stock exchange is the most repugnant invention of the whole human race.”WPeople of the basest origin, in part rabble, outcasts not only from good but also from respectable society, raised away from even the smell of culture, without discipline, without knowledge, without the remotest suspicion that there is such a thing as conscience in spiritual matters; simply—Jews: with an instinctive ability to create an advantage, a means of seduction out of every superstitious supposition… When Jews step forward as innocence itself, then the danger is great. sec. 199"
For one, he wanted, and I quote "all anti-semites shot".Antisemitism was not Hitler's goal, it was his method.For another, he claimed that Germany were great only because of Polish blood in their veins.How well versed are you on German history in this era?Nazism bred literal slave mortality, to the state, to Hitlers cult of personality.Nietzsche's philosophy is not a philosophy to apply to all people in a state. He explicitly states that it's not for all people. You're applying a false categorical imperative to his philosophy that is not there, nor should his philosophy be judged that way. Not only would he have hated it, it goes against everything he was trying to sayIt hardly goes against what he was trying to say, at all. The Nazis irrefutably created the greatest villain in all of history. Even that is a form of rising above man, and Hitler rose above man to new heights.Absolutely, I agree with that, and I'm not saying the Nazis were a perfect conduit representing Nietzsche's philosophy. I'm only saying that people are clearly desperate to drive a wedge between the two, especially faggoty last men.
This.
The Nazis irrefutably created the greatest villain in all of history.Irrefutably? It's only been 70 years.
His idea of the Übermensch was not racial in natureWell, Nietzsche would have agreed with the Ortega mantra of "I am me and my circumstance" first of all, so when you view the Nazis as trying to create the 'best circumstance' to produce a higher man, a eugenic reading of Nietzsche becomes more plausible.
Irrefutably? It's only been 70 years.People literally call each other Hitler as a grand insult.In WW1 calling the Germans "Huns" or calling Moltke Genghis I believe it was Moltke, but anyway, the Mongols and the Huns were the most villainous archetypes in history. Nowadays, literally "Nazi" is the same archetype, and virtually every bad connotation from incest to ineptitude to evil to impotence is prescribed to Nazism.
By participation in the idea of flux, his idea became more a matter of economy than system. He asked questions from this purview in order for them to be overcome. So, it isn't much of a matter if he agreed with them or not, I'm sure he might criticize or praise them in one context or another.The main thing being, Nazism presents itself as an "answer" Final solution, if you insist.
Many people in asia don't even know who hitler wasapparently. Are we sure there isn't a bigger villain-figure already? Say, america?Obviously mr H enjoys a unique position as the antagonist of the mass media-crazed west, so his coverage is a bit different.
Maybe, I don't know. What's your point?
just wanted to discuss your claim of hitlers popularityit's not really relevant for this discussion on nietzsche except your point about hitler overcoming man via evil i guess
I think if Ernst Junger intensely disliked Nazism, so would Nietzsche.
Answering myself, here.Does "Nazism" present itself as a proper Nietzschean "answer". Yes.
/pol/ is leakingCounter-Currents Publishingedgelord overload
I think the idea that there's a right way of using N's philosophy is factitious in itself. It's been a while since I've read his work, and I only read a small amount, but didn't he specifically advise people not to follow him blindly?Anyways, it's a well known fact that Hitler was a total pleb. Just looking at his insipid artwork and his ardent jealousy towards more successful avant garde artists is the proof I need to know that he never read N. Having said all that, Nietzsche would have loved Mussolini. In fact, the entire Italian Fascist movement will probably someday be compared to the renaissance in terms of the political, artistic, and cultural thought and experimentation that went on under it.It kind of annoys me how /pol/ masturbates over Hitler while polite society scorns fascism, yet absolutely nobody realizes what a success the original Italian movement was. Most of our modern political practices were inspired by fascism, as are our social programs and even the planned obsolescence of our machines were originally conceived by the futurists. While Churchill was a drunken prick who let his country get bombed to the ground, Mussolini literally gave his life for the good of his country read up on his last years, they're pretty tragic, but guess who gets remembered as a hero.
Anyways, it's a well known fact that Hitler was a total pleb. Just looking at his insipid artworkLike Nietzsche's compositions? :^Anyway, yes, I do think Italian Fascism is a better appropriation of Nietzsche's writings though not entirely my own interpretation, but Mussolini himself wasn't a particularly 'great man.' Maybe I just haven't read enough about him, but he appears to have lacked the beauty and Will of Napoleon, Caesar, Cesare Borgia, etc.
but he appears to have lacked the beauty and Will of Napoleon, Caesar, Cesare Borgia, etcHe certainly did. Hell, I'd go so far as to say he was a complete failure in his life, and most of what he did do right was appropriated from less compromising individuals.He was an amazing example of a great statesman however. His ability to bring extremely diverse fractions together while creating a well functioning state, the social programs he created, and the immense energy he poured into building a persona for himself which I believe, given fair examination, was much more Nietzschean than the sheep's clothing modern politicians dress themselves in would have won him overwhelming and lasting respect as a social reformer in any other time in history.I'm not sure what N's opinion was about martyrs was, but the manner of Mussolini's death was titillatingly tragic. After being locked away in a mountain prison where he spent his days reading Nietzsche and the Bible, Hitler "rescued" him and demanded that he become a puppet leader for the Germans, as well as execute several members of the Fascist Council as well as his own son in law. He refused, but was forced into obeying it in order to save Milan, Genoa, and Turin from total destruction by the German army. When he was finally killed, he tore open his coat and rather than resisting, only asked that the executioner not shoot him in the face. If the tragedy of Mussolini's death doesn't redeem him at least aesthetically, I don't know what could. Interestingly wikipedia's removed all the interesting information about his death to make him fit the current narrative, but Ray Moseley's book is a good source of information if you're interested.
Like Nietzsche's compositions? :^Don't hate unless you can sublate :^
The best part is that Nietzsche repeated btfo the Jews without ever falling prey to antisemitism. He gives you a hundred reasons to despise them but never advocates despising them.
Really he dislikes antisemitism because it's much too focused on your own ressentiment
But he was also completely opposed to any conception of morality not tailored to the individual. He wouldn't have liked totalitarian governments at all because of their enforced conformity, though he was certainly a supporter of aristocracy.
are there any translations of this to avoid?
sorry im an amateur with wikipedia, but wouldn't there need to be some sort of revision history/reason given for such an edit?

Here he is talking about german john green and german guns germ and steel.
I honestly have no idea, I just remember that last time I'd checked it had mentioned the story about his death with more detail. Now it only says "[f]eeling that he had to do what he could to blunt the edges of Nazi repression, Mussolini agreed to set up a new regime", which lacks a lot of the more interesting details. The book I cited does offer a pretty good story of his last days however.


But he was also completely opposed to any conception of morality not tailored to the individual.Nietzsche's philosophy is explicitly not for all people.
Readings of Nietzsche which only focus on his politics are so dumb and embarrassing. His politcs only are justified if viewed in the context of his most esoteric stuff, be it the eternal recurrence or amor fati. This whole thread us so ugly and uncultured. Enjoying high art is much more central to Nietzsche than being a fat antisemite, I'm sorry to say. This is not coming from a liberal revisionist, but simply a non-basement dweller.You imply some random misogynist is more accurate a scholar than literally every other Nietzsche scholar, critic, noted influencee, etc.
Many people in asia don't even know who hitler wasapparently.They know him but Nazism isn't stigmatised over there like in the West. It's not uncommon to see trendy young dudes rocking Swastika t-shirts like people over here wear Che Guevara and Mao t-shirts.
National Socialism was, in fact, a rather accurate representation of Nietzsche's philosophyNietzsche was more an aristocratic royalist than a national socialist. Nationalism is too primitive for Nietzsche, a whole body of people just because they are part of some defined ethnic group does not make them all worthy of praise. Meanwhile socialism was too democratic.
"Hi, anon! I love reading. What's your favorite book?"Ulysses."Oh, I'm into greek mythology too! Have you ever read Percy Jackson series? ;P"EVERY FUCKING TIMEWhy young women tend to be so uncultured? I just want a qt patrician gf
You're asking for a paradox.
Women are intellectually inferior
i feel like most people don't even know that Ulysses is a latinized form of Odysseus. Or maybe that's an American thing. Or maybe I'm just stupid
tfw gf is well-read but misunderstands everythingshe thinks bukowski is a happy poetshe thinks postmodernism is optimisticshe thinks anthem and 1984 have the same messageShe's also apparently never wrong
Why do you all want a fucking man for a girlfriend?On second thought, could get one that got a sex change. Good luck on that though.
The exact sam ething happened to me today, OP.Not even joking.Like, fuck.
Ulysses.LOOK AT ME I AM SO INTEGLLENT AND CULTURED its an american thing.
Maybe she's right and you're the one misinterpreting everything.
This is just sexism. Men are idiots, too. I've tried to strike up lit talk with guys tons of times and they never have a damn clue what I'm talking about I don't even try to talk about Ulysses or Shakespeare, they can't even pretend to have read YA or GoT.Young men are illiterate stoners. And older men have the greatest conversations about popular thrillers.
I seriously listen to her thoughts on literature but not once has she said anything particularly insightful or even accurate
implying someone who's favourite book is Ulysses would be with a girlnice try op
*whosei miss slide out keyboards on phones
It is sexismIt's also true for the most partb-but I met a girl once who read real books!
fuck off bitch
Country? I can be your Romeo, if you know what I mean...
As young stoner man, I like to smoke weed out of my bong and reread Wolfe.
How many people on this board do you think have actually read Ulysses?
The difference is that the girl in the OP says she "loves reading" and is into "Greek mythology". Popular YA fiction is geared toward women, who think that by reading it they are cultured. So, when a girl labels herself as well-read and actually isn't, the anon feels cheated.
tfw qt girl asked me about Stranger in a Strange Land and I spaghetti'd and somehow thought she was talking about There Are DoorsWhy do I even attempt to communicate orally
3 or 4
go to girl's housecommit suicideshe doesn't
WOMEN AMIRITE
just telling the truth.Obviously US where nobody reads in general so 4chan is where on turns for lit discussion.Grats? Literally every guy my age early 20s is a stoner where I live, it's become a turn off.Isn't YA geared towards boys? I read the Percy Jackson series after finishing Edith Hamilton, and it was all a young boy's fantasy camp wet dream.
You would have to be kindof a twat to publicly say your favorite book was Ulysses wouldn't you? The only way you could be more pretentious is to say Finnegans Wake was your favorite.
No girls allowed pls leave
Uptight people don't like stoners, stoners don't like uptight. Get over yourself.
What state/city are you in? The whole "'murricans dun't red" thing isn't entirely true. Lots of people read on the subway in NYC for instance. Granted, they're typically reading things like Game of Thrones, but still.
American woman coming through! YeafreedomUptight  sick as a child and now sensitive to smokeCalifornia. I know, but half of them never actually finish a book longer than 300 pages a year, it's sad.
There Are Doors was fucking awful.
will you be my gf?
Your attitude is what makes you uptight, not what substances you use. Its your life, I would respect you however you choose to live it.
meet girl on okcupidshe's into marquez, hesse and dostoevskyloves theatrelooks fairly cute in her photos although there aren't really any full body shotsask if she wants to meet for a drink sometimespend a few days chatting back and forth and texting all the nasty shit we're gonna do to each othershe likes it rough and wants me to choke her and throw her aroundwe decide to go to a show togethernight of the show go to the bar and show up 10 minutes earlypost up in the back cornertime comes and i look towards the doorsee a girl who looks vaguely like her walk through the doorshe's at least a hundred pounds heavier than in her photos and her hair is thinningconsider dipping out of there but reconsider thinking how shitty it would be to stand her up when she seems like a genuinely nice personwe talk for a couple hours and eventually i get drunk enough that I say fuck it and decide i've drank enough to have sex with hergo back to her placeher roommates are sitting in the living room playing league legendsgo to her room and start making outher breath is fucking awful, can barely handle itget undressed and she starts pushing me down to go down on herher pussy is a fleshy mass of hair and gelatinous foldssmells and looks so bad i actually gagdecide there's no way i'm getting hard tonight or anytime in the next monthstart saying some stuff about this being a bad idea and i'm not in a good place to be in a relationship or to be fucking around as i get dressed"BUT ANON DON'T YOU FIND ME ATTRACTIVE?" she screams as I run out the fucking door100% non reading plebs from now
US? What a disappointment.Argentinian guy here
talk to male grad studentthey know a library worth of information on their fieldtalk to female grad student in same fieldthey know a bookshelf worth of information on their field, and make up for the rest with SJW stream of consciousness or just repeating "foucault" the requisite number of times
Well you can rest assured that my delirious, half-assed description of it ensured that no one in that room will ever entertain the slightest notion of reading anything recommended by me
Wow you're cool
That's true enough, I suppose. Also a lot of them seem incapable of reading anything that doesn't agree with them in the most superficial ways if it's not popular enough for them to feel obliged to like Game of Thrones.I happened to see this one woman on the subway reading A Confederacy of Dunces not even a week after finishing it myself, and she had the most shocked, sour look on her face.
you'll never meet your Eva BraunWhy live
Anecdotal Evidence: The Thread Kill yourselves, teenagers.
it isn't what you eat but how you chew it and what comes of it
Sorry I'm a lesbianWeed is for niggers and white trash, I am neither. Get over yourself.Hue hue hue
sharing personal experience is meaningless unless it conforms to my preconceptions and doesn't hurt my feelings :Change your tampon
Would an uptight person eat a burrito shirtless?! Yeah, but I'm only uptight when it's guys stroking themselves saying they're smarter than women.hehe no thanks? Last time I met a guy online  happened more or less.True but I was never obliged to like Game of Thrones. I picked it up before HBO. *clears throat* excuse me
Never lead with There Are Doors!
favorite book is Ulysses I wouldn't give you the time of day
I'm not a grill but if someone told me their favorite book was Ulysses in a casual conversation I'd ask them what it was about just to fuck with them and watch them shit their pants trying to figure out how to explain it without sounding retarded.
Postmodernism can definitely be optimistic.
Switch the genders and I might believe it
 Weed is for niggers and white trash, I am neither. Get over yourself.Lol. Which one was Carl Sagan? Or Shakespeare?When did I say that men are smarter than women? A generalization like that is as profoundly wrong as saying all stoners are stupid.
I'm going to have to get this book because I had to read pic related back in high school and I loved it.Actually, I read ahead of the class and finished the book two or three times before they were even close to finishing the first time. Oh, the days of being a teacher's pet because I didn't have anyone else to talk to.
Funny how your own ego gets pinched between the hand and their dick when they stroke themselves!If this kind of misogynist thought really only exists to satisfy the needs of the individual who thinks it, then where are you to claim you even matter to the interaction?
You're not wrong.
Only if it actually isn't your favourite book.
Carl Sagan died of lung cancer
saying all stoners are stupidI'd never. I said "illiterate stoners'. I know stoners aren't all stupid. It's not stoner illiterates.You didn't far as I know,  did and that's where I came in.Problem is it's not a private thought, it was posted on a public forum where somebody could say it's wrong.
Women in general are awful, date a HS freshmen and introduce her to whatever she shows an interest in.Women refuse to change, they're unmoldable.Because feminism has been separating the mysterious, romantic divide between the genders, and young men like the men on 4chan are being lured into this trap because it makes women less intimidating.
not even smart enough to use google...
Maybe, but if you consider it your favorite you better actually understand it and be ready to explain/summarize it.
Moving dem goalposts, boss.
Haha! Whether someone can say its wrong or not makes an object a legitimate body to invest yourself in?I'm not asking you by what method you took offense and lashed out at people you think you're better than... I'm asking you to justify why you think its worthwhile!
Pneumonia If only he had healthier lungsThe marihuana took years off of his life
this tbh
because it makes women less intimidating.Because feminism makes women less intelligent.
It's worthwhile because ignoring stupidity and misogyny is in itself a stupid thing to do.I didn't lash out, I posted my opinion, there was no whip involved.
Because it encourages bold, risky behavior in women rather than prudence; women are becoming masculine and the 'beta male' seeks that.
Pneumonia caused by bone cancer, you fucking idiot. Pneumonia was just the symptom, the cancer would have killed him either way. You're so stupid I'm going to have to smoke some weed.
Interesting how you don't envision yourself as the dominatrix, so cliched is your fascination with forcing your will upon others!If the stupidity of misogyny is in an ignorance to the individual that they've characterized, then you are also stupid. Take this as a daily reminder that you aren't better than other people.
misogyny is in itself a stupid thing to do.Why?
What have you read other than Game of Thrones, out of curiosity?
feminists are in no way masculine. Being masculine means never giving a fuck about what others think of you. Which is the antithesis of feminism.
leads to a multitude of health problems including poverty Lold
No, that isn't masculinity.Feminism is an attempt to achieve petty freedoms by latching onto masculine behavior.
Pneumonia is a lung diseaseMarihuana negatively affects the lungs Therefore marihuana was a culprit in the death of Carl Sagan who had pneumoniaQED
Why do you keep assuming I think I'm better than a man? I'm just trying to bring some perspective.ignoring it is stupid.I don't think I could list it all, but uh Meme Trilogy before I knew lit considered it a meme, lots of Maya Angelou before I got into more classic poetry like Wordsworth, lots of Greek myth excluding the one time I read Percy Jackson, War&Peace, most of Recherche du Temp Perdu. Give you an idea?
ignoring it is stupid.Why?
"You either have to be part of the solution, or you're going to be part of the problem."What I mean to say is, neutrality is stupid.
this thread reminds me of why I despise women.
But it's not a problem, you just believe it is because you're overly emotional about petty matters.
They like you to know where it hurts and share it with you
Oh marijuana, you culprit. When will you learn?
What did you think of the meme trilogy?
If you don't think that you or your so-called perspective just another word for "you" are better than the asses you chase in this thread, why do you think they'll be enriched by being replaced by you, dominated by you?If you think you'll do them harm instead then recognize the nature of your presence here.If you were as smart as you'd like to think you are, you'd realize that the only "perspective" you're bringing to this thread is one of a struggle of wills- you and your opponent's ideas are equally grounded in reality, equally worthless."women are bad!" "nuh-uh! thats misogyny! misogyny is bad!"It's a comedy unfit even to make me laugh.
Anon say Anon's momma ain't treat him right Anon be cry.
Yes, that is masculinity. There is absolutely nothing masculine about feminism.
Emotional? Why would I get emotional with a bunch of anons? I just wanted to give my opinion. It's not a petty matter.Well I have to leave already, so idc what everybody here thinks when I say I loved it through and through. Ulysses I needed an expensive annotated version to get through, though.You've got your head so far up your ass you assume I do, too.Anon be cry indeed. Anon gonna get beat? Anon, go hide in a closet.
Oh, now I understand what you're doing.
I hate your opinion and I haven't even read the thread.
Ignorance isn't cool.
Nice, I'm glad you've decided to cast off the false pretense of actually having an argument and attacked me as a person.I'm glad you were able to realize your position vis a vis this topic.
Just date someone who is in grad school for some sort of lit degree.
and people say hercules instead of heracles and thoth instead of tehuti. if it's referring to the same person, why does it matter?
Prose. Next question.
I like women heaps. What beautiful creatures. Talking to most men one is constantly engaging in one-upmanship which, while entertaining in bursts, can become tiring. Talking to a woman is so much more relaxing.
What's your favorite sunrise
I'd laugh in your face, not actually calling you a retard, but strongly implying it.
Someone whose favorite book is Ulysses _could_ be with a girl, but a real fan of the book would get cucked like Bloom
attacked me as a personyou mean like you have this whole time?Bye
this fucking whitey
A bigger fan of Joyce would only look for girls who fart when they're fucked.
Why are young women so unculturedimplying not as many young men would say the same thing
I've attacked only the petty and banal fascination you've exhibited with emphasizing your own superiority over people whose ideas are essentially the same as your own.But perhaps you can't empathize with a distaste for the ignorant, when that ignorant is yourself, eh?
Bye Everyone who isn't already sitting better sit down now
 getting a graduate degree in something lit-relatedwhy would you turn your hobby into torture?
Insecurity, so people stop calling it hobby
They'd probably either ask what it is or not know what you're talking about.
this thread reminds me of why I despise humansFtfy
Of course the one woman here is fucking attention whoring lmao everytime
when will you faggots get tired of circlejerking over greentexts that didn't actually happen? I would say I'm disappointed in you, /lit/, but honestly at this point I'm just disappointed in myself that I keep coming back
I'm saving people from the ravages of a deadly narcotic
It's like /lit/ is extra terrible tonight. There are multiple threads descending into this shit.
It's not so much the circlejerking itself that bothers meit's that the greentexts are so bad these days
not going through a stoner periodIt's an important step to enlightenment. Just don't stay there.
that's... surprinsingly true; or at least it's a good way to get rid of your teen angst, if watching trees, flowers and reading romantic poetry just doesn't do the job for youJust avoid burning your brain, you'll need it in twenty years
this was hilarious, thanks anon
Different opinions are are okay.Don't scoff and say, "you're wrong!" try to say your opinion and ask for hers.
mfw people call Jove 'Jupiter'
Why the fuck do you all seem like such shitty people?
shittyHey there, Tumblr, how are your joints holding up?
Trash attracts trash.
tumblr inventes the word shittyYou are all pretentious shits and should learn to lightwn up. Nobody will ever be impressed by what books you read. Nobody gives a shit. Stop reading boring tomes for the sole purpose of trying to be smart and just read for enjoyment you fucking dips.
I love reading!!1I've never actually read one all the way through though... That sounds super hard ;_;
this is how tumblr justifies reading at a third grade levelEnjoying Hunger Games?
lol at how easily he just riled you thenfukken dweeb
you don't know about quentin?
And the Gayest Post Award goes to...
fuck off, chris-chan.
Feminism is a movement that wants women to become the worst aspects of men.
You're talking to the wrong men, Sherri
Everyone in the world/your country is given amphetamines and is forced to read a book of your choosing in one sitting. With one hour left in the book, they are given a large dose of LSD.What book do you choose and what is the result for society?
LSDamphetamine
The BibleA Holy Kingdom
Do these interact in a bad way?Oh my.
Gravity's RainbowResult is pic related
Beer banana breakfast?
Naked Lunch, a violent anarchic fuck party.
As a rule of thumb it's one of, if not the worst combination of popular drugs that I am aware of.
try tripping acid when your in the comedown and see what happens. You're gonna have a bad time. Also Amphetamines don't really make me personally read that much faster. I also retain less information.
This one, the results will be interesting.
Would there be a better drug to replace it with? Some to basically make them smarter for a few hours?
I read The Crying of Lot 49 one night on meth in college. Recommend.
happily longer
That shit takes an hour to kick in ya nig.
Exactly.
Ritalin probably.
Can you even read on LSD? Pretty sure the words would just jump off the page.
Strange, I feel very scatterbrained on ritalin.What book do you choose
I timed it so it kicks in right when they finish the book
The entirety of Aesop's fables. Egoism is decreased, my country becomes more productive and politicians either change their ways or take advantage of the extra spooked populace.
I already chose back in 
nigga r u telling me youve never candy flipped? mdma and lsd is like the best motherfucking wombo combo
Just because amphetamine is written in mdma doesn't mean it's mechanism of action is even a little bit related to true amphetamines. It is only in its chemical structure. Read a fucking book
 true amphetaminesnice scotsman. eat my dick
Took Ritalin and read this in one sitting at my school library, it was good
I'm sure you know what I mean but my English isn't very good.
"i had a bad time" or "my friend had a bad time" does not mean "you're gonna have a bad time" is it a meme to invoke NTS whenever anyone uses "true" as a qualifier now? mdma is of the amphetamine class, of which amphetamine acts as a parent compound
The Ego And Its Owneveryone becomes spooks
you are the worst tripfag
Ritalin is basically an amphetamine.
Probably A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
Or maybe 120 days
Old Man and The Sea lelnothing happens, a few people read hemmingway for the first time, fewer take long enough for the lsd to kick in whilst reading and those who do are just moved by the lsd not the book. mostly the result is just minor annoyance that people were forcibly drugged, but in a week's time they get over it.
But also the sexiest.
Force to make the whole world to read a book? Yes. Illuminatus Trilogy. Might make the ending make sense. And it's long. Damn long. Haha. It's not as sadistic as the Bible, but not as retarded a choice either. I'd tack Ecclesiastes on in there in the middle of Leviathan somewhere and be done with it.
Why not specify MDMA in the OP? It's pretty much the last amphetamine that would come to mind.
The Castlenobody finishes it
Was about to post this.
Probably Brave New World or Nineteen Eighty Four.Result for society you can imagine for yourself, it probably involves large numbers of fedoras.
MDMA is actually extremely effective at helping people to become more compassionate and understanding, which is a big obstacle in the dichotomy of right/left politics.When you're on MDMA in a club where the majority of people are also on the drug, everyone is acutely aware of everybody else someone accidentally stepped on my shoes and spent the next 10 minutes apologizing. Compared with clubs where everybody is drunk, where fights usually break out constantly plus the level of aggression that is in the air.Researchers are starting to look further into the therapeutic benefits of the drug too.
VALISkeep the drugs
120 days of sodom. Lots of rape.Also a ton of old people, children and overweight die from the strain on their heart. All pregnant woman miscarry from the lsd. Some people enter psychosis from the amph lsd combo. Those with mental health issues have a shit time.
illuminatus obviouslyresult being revolution, loud music and people fucking in the street.life would be so without cash
mdma is not at all like amphetamine although its chemically relatedperiod
seconded
OP comes up with a really interesting thread ideafaggots derail it with "muh drugs experience u cant do that lmao"it's like you people don't even want interesting discussions
le /r/writingprompts
c'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas le guerreit's magnificent, there's no need for war?
But that isn't what amphetamines are.
It isn't an interesting idea. These are stereotypical 'Le Ebin DrugMeme Books.' Illuminatus!, VALIS, and the Bible are basically the Le Ebin DrugMeme trilogy.
Does /lit/ into ancient world literature? How would any of you compare and contrast the Epic of Gilgamesh with the theory of the Bicameral Mind by Julian Jaynes, which posits that ancients did not actually have consciousness the way we do, but rather experienced auditory hallucinations coming from one side of their brain to the other, experienced as the voice of gods? In my opinion, while on the one hand there's plenty of talking with gods going on in Gilgamesh, Gilgamesh himself also displays uncannily modern introspection and appears to have internal struggles especially over his own mortality that he knows are not dialogues with gods. Since this is the oldest printed literature on the planet that we know of, doesn't it kind of shit all over the theory of the Bicameral Mind as explained by Jaynes? I think he may be on to something, but his timescale is way off. Still, I'd be interested to know if there's any other ancient literature BC only that /lit/ can point me to, which has substantial evidence of internal dialogue.
which posits that ancients did not actually have consciousness the way we do, but rather experienced auditory hallucinations coming from one side of their brain to the other, experienced as the voice of godslmao
only reference I've seen to Bicameral Mind is PKD, so it must not hold much theoretical water. neat idea though.
Does that theory have data to back it up? It could just as easily be that we socially select people who don't claim to have daemons now that we have a more sophisticated understanding of the world and social organization than the ancients did, now that we have concepts like mental illness that dictate what is and isn't acceptable. Plenty of people today have auditory amd hallucinations, it seems far fetched and even counterintuitive to think that the fact that they also did in the past indicates a change in brain structure across the entire species.
I'm old, so I remember when this book came out. Someone I was working for at the time made everyone read it. Anyway it's an interesting idea. I've wondered if maybe it's backwards...what if ugh, there I go with "what if" God's voice has become absorbed into our brain, rather than our brain being the actual source of the voice. KnowhatI'msayin'? PS Fuck you sushi captcha
What was it like back in mesopotamia?
Sounds like Hegel's interpretation of Christianity. Subjective will becomes unified with divine law through the institution if the New Law following Jesus' death & resurrection.
I've read a book called Return to the Brain of Eden, in that the author had a theory about something like OP said. If I remember correctly, they said that at one point in evolution our brain wasnt "split" like now, and when it became split, that was the time people began to experience the voice of god or call it how you like it. Its an interesting book, I'd recommend it for OP.
ayyyyIt is currently what modern cogsci researchers would probably classify as "esoteric" lol, but I like how it pokes holes in places most people wouldn't think toIt's plausible, but it doesn't solve any problems from the point of view of a religious person such as myself. God would have a lot to answer for if he were the dude in the back of Hitler's mind saying "all you have to do to secure a future for hundreds of millions of Germans is kill a few million minorities; do it bro"That's neat; tell me more. Does Hegel reference old texts in his exegesis of this theory of his?
hell yeah, way back then. there were Hittites around.
Return to the Brain of EdenThat sounds "interesting," but a cursory glance at the book on Amazon makes me think it's newage hogwash even less rigorously realized than the admittedly loose text referenced in the OP.Give me one good, truly compelling reason to bother with it.
which was actually pretty neat; them hos was ratchet
God's already got a lot to answer for. Or not, 'cause he's God. I don't have a solid opinion on this, btw. Just fun to run my multicameral mind around.
Does Hegel reference old texts in his exegesis of this theory of his?Read him and find out. The short answer is yes, the long answer is that anyone who makes claims like that without using g 'old texts' to back them up is an idiot who wouldn't be well-known for proposing it 200 years after his death.
Can you recommend a specific text by Hegel for this? Thanks in advance.
Lectures on the Philosophy of HistoryThe Spirit of Christianity
Again, as a religious person, I fully agree. god plswhy evil thogod y r u hideingbuttsex?aliums god?haha srsly tho
Thanks!
This book posits a much more plausible explanation.
class="quote"In Darwin's Pharmacy: Sex, Plants and the Evolution of The Noösphere, the transhumanist philosopher focuses on his favorite technology: the psychedelic, "ecodelic" plants and chemicals read: drugs that can help make us process more information and make us aware of the effect of language and music and nature on our consciousness, thereby offering us an awareness of our own ability to effect our own consciousness through our linguistic and creative choices. And that, from an evolutionary perspective, is simply sexy.I took a class with this guy, and he's legit. He could answer every question I thought to ask. Absolutely brilliant.
Does he have evidence? If not, these claims should not be accepted as true.
Bicameral Mind was interesting but it's widely regarded as a shower thought by academics.
I said plausible, not true. Coevolution with domesticated and wild plants is certainly conceivable, given our omnivorous diet. Jaynes for instance had no scientific basis. Furthermore he restricted his studies to ancient Greek literature for some reason.
I agree completely. I'm skeptical only because Terence McKenna proposed a similar hypothesis that was Jaynes-tier.
Darwin's Pharmacywhy does he talk about sex ?
sex is rather phenomenally important to the human psyche.He's also specifically talking about sexual selection, and how ideas inspired by plants provided a fitness coefficient, thus strengthening certain behaviors.
I have watched he seems like the typical hippy. He even has thebit on some illness curred instantly.Sex matters for those who want it to matter. IF you say that sex matters, you assume that it is unlikely to find another activity to achieve whatever is achieved from the importance of sex.
there is also the question of what happens to those who do not have access to this drugs, say in the Hymalya, or somewhere else. Are they doomed ?Als, he seems to forget that a drug is just drug, , just a high-yield technic for some purpose.
 IF you say that sex matters, you assume that it is unlikely to find another activity to achieve whatever is achieved from the importance of sex...what?
you say that somehow sex matters, but there can be another activity which achieves the exact same thing as sex in doing it better
Do you mean reproduction? I genuinely don't understand what you're trying to say here. It doesn't seem like if sex is important, only sex is important.
Is there anything else that will reach the important place that sex holds for humans?
You're begging the question. Why do you assume that sex is the most important thing for humans? Why does it follow from sex being the most important thing psychologically that nothing else matters to us?
The height of modern academia is in science, and now US is going to skimp on the language arts and is to implement more pragmatic approach to writing and reading. Education will ensure scientific progression, but will also appropriate language arts away from the arts and into more scientific terms.Are approaching a Dark Age in Literature?
Probably not just literature imo. Wider and wider the widening gyre. . .
yes, and the only people turned on to lit will be the 'le super cool edgy fan club' type people, with their elitism and.. oh wiat
implying I won't abandon literature as soon as virtual reality becomes a viable alternativewho needs 19th century russians in the waifu age?
approachingwe're deep into it already since 1950
No. Sci fi is important for instilling these values.
I would give up the good life against virtual hedonism in an heart beat :
i edit scientific papers for a living. they can't write for shit and i hate every second of my job.
We have been in a cultural and artistic dark age since the advent of modernism.
What are you talking about? The arts and humanities are becoming less scientific.
Ssshhh, this thread is for people who actually know what happens in universities.
Virtual hedonism ís the good life.
The Middle Ages never ended.
Actually, I am sure that literature will experience a resurgence once it is freed from the clutches of academia.
If I get to be 65 years old and I'm somehow the only person left who knows how to write a metaphor and more than 1 or 2 synonyms for each word, then I'll finally get to be a great contemporary author and I won't be too disappointed in myself or the world.
tfw spengler was rightIn decline of the west he speaks about this
Not entirely. Good music has been made since then, but it kind of slowed down after the '90s, though there are certain artists still doing interesting things.
Indeed.
Good music has been made since thenDebatable.
" There was no Dark Age " , yells pastor Milch , " but there is very well the dark , intellectually dark 20th century. The void, meaningless: Time, Fashion , majority opinion , mass, many variants and expressions of nothingness "
pic related
being this blind and polemic
LADY GAGA AND KANYE WEST ARE GOING TO RUIN WESTERN CIVILIZATIONlmao
Idiot. They are a symptom, not the syndrome.
The symptoms of decline accelerate decline itself. I'm pretty sure Kanye West is instrumental to this damaged generation, albeit on a tiny scale.lmao media isn't real and ineffectual, lmao it isn't an expression of culture and cannot be seen as an expression of societal thinking, lmao media doesn't influence anything or anyonepffft.
kekbut holy shot
Implying there weren't any songs about sex and crime throughout the history of civilizationSomeone should show that guy the Pompeiian graffiti. Its just that the more elevated subject matter is more likely to be preserved for posterity.If we are still listening to Kanye a hundred years from now, then he might have a point.
the new rightshows how even the right has bought into this postmodern obsession with the new lol
Protip: The Pompeiian graffiti was done during the decadence of Rome.
Give me one example of a civilization crumbling because of popular culture. Otherwise all you have is "I don't share these values so that means civilization is breaking down!"
modern Western Society.That said: why do you assume that popular culture has no influence over society?Let's tell an anecdote:My sister read pretty degenerate magazines targeted at young girls. She turned out not so well.My girlfriend never read such magazines, but instead was raised by a Christian family. She considers modern TV to be ridiculous, just like most do who have not acquired a taste for it because they were sat in front of the TV by overworked or incapable parents.If those children influenced by media grow up to become media people themselves, they'll develop degenerate media as well, perhaps worse in order to "provoke".Popular culture is, I say it again, a symptom. But symptoms can be causative in their own means.Refute the influence of popular culture or all you have is "I don't believe neuroscience works".
Not that anon, and I might agree with you that there is something crumbling, but it isn't "civilization". There is not such thing as civilization. What you have instead is a sequence of different orders being reconfigured through history.
Josh Green is successful. We're already there, man.
Not that guy, but your "examples" are vague and couched in terms that don't really convince anyone. "She turned out not so well." This means nothing without some detail.Describe and define, don't dress your opinion up in a value system that means nothing to others.
Oh no, your sister read stupid magazines and is stupid, but your girlfriends is 10/10 perfect christian, truly now I see western civilization is on its final legs!why do you assume that popular culture has no influence over society?why do you assume going to the club and having sex is the downfall of centuries of established power?
examples are vagueI even state they are anecdotes.My life is too unspectacular for moving and profound examples. I'm a simple man studying for a useless PhD whose only work was interpreting business charts.Of course my anecdotes are vague and unconvincing. However I stated my reasoning and it's not on me to be pushed into the defense. Instead I'd like to hear why I am wrong. Then I might consider putting more time in writing an unpaid essay on a Tibetan crayon art sharing website.Again trying to put me in defensive.I stated my reasoning, albeit very condensed and simplistic. Your turn.
I stated my reasoningIf reasoning meant conjecture and anecdote.You still haven't made an argument and now you refuse to expand your thoughts. I've nothing to refute.
what is the renaissance And North Africa was a booming intellectual metropolis while Europe enslaved themselves for Catholicism bullshit.
No, because with the rise of mathematics, sciences, and intellectual individualism and progression, there is always room for epics of literature and art.Look at the Renaissance. Look at the Ummayad's sp during Europe's Middle Ages. They advanced maths, languages, sciences quicker than anytime before them, and what was one of the main primary objectives of these intellectual culture and cities? PRESERVING THE GREEKS If not for the Islamic empires in Turkey and North Africa, we would not have the majority of Greek works. I mean, don't get me wrong, they could have let Aristotle die in the sands of time, but hey, you take the shit-tier with the god-tier.
Of course my anecdotes are vague and unconvincing. However I stated my reasoning and it's not on me to be pushed into the defense.looooooollolloooollol'i don't want to make an argument, so why don't you preemptively counter my non-existent argument and then i'll react to your superstructure which floats on nothing'good argument technique bro!
We must focus our state's education on preserving the culture and tradition of our county. It is also important to make sure education suits the ideals and needs of the state.
literally embarrassing
/r/wronggeneration
Do you people have any grasp of history whatsoever?Do you think at some point in time, reading was a popular hobby? Do you really believe that the dark ages exist? I mean, holy shit guys
I learned all my history from john "cuck" green's crashcourse videos
Wow, this is probably b8, but you don't even have a basic understanding of history. The Middle Ages' instability was caused by the dissolution of the Roman Empire, and in many ways the Church's institutions helped preserve civilization. Dedicated monks are the reason you have translations of Greek and Roman texts to ignore while you browse reddit. If not for the Islamic empires in Turkey and North Africa, we would not have the majority of Greek works. That's wrong, the Catholic church actively translated and copied Greek texts into Latin, and the only reason the Islamic empires got their hands on those texts was from conquering the Byzantine empire that wrote them.

doug martschcalvin johnsonnot good musiclol ok
I agree. The final shift from the pre-modern/classical era to the age of modernism and post-modernism has been a catastrophic failure for the humanities. And it is to a large extent the fault of zealous edgy academics who rebelled against the classical institutions in their youth, and have had to maintain the charade the rest of their lives. No meaningful attempt could be made to admit their mistake, for they built their careers on stomping on the ashes of their elders who knew better. Combine this unhappy trend with the fall of traditional conservative values not the modern perversity of political conservatism and you have what we live in today: a post-modern society built on dank memes, levels upon levels of irony, and nihilistic materialism that perpetually fails to inculcate any sense of value or the Good.
Anon are you trying to suggest that Aristotle was shit-tier or god-tier?
That's why Plato disliked rhetorics.
sorta? i think for plato it's more like rhetoric is less about truth and more about sounding good, so similar to how corporeal reality is a degree of imitation away from truth, rhetoric is a degree of imitation away from corporeal reality, making it even further removed from truth. whereas anon over there just felt like he could state his opinion and then defend it with intellectual laziness. it's not about the rhetorical techniques in particular for plato; it's about how the sense in which rhetoric is a reflection of a reflection.
I mostly agree with this. But I want to add that there were good reasons for rebelling against the belletristic academy of the Victorians and Edwardians. Pre-WWI and WWII academies were largely apologists for elitist political systems that were, in their way, just as stupid as the anti-intellectualism you see on so many comment boards today. It is equally ridiculous to say "I say read Plato because he will instill good, solid moral fiber in our nation's youth" as it is to say "Read Plato? Why? He's irrelevant and old-hat and the economy doesn't need a bunch of navel-gazing shiftless blah blah blah." What is unfortunate is that the backlash against the truly foolish elements of the old academy -- the pomp and circumstance academy that treated thoughts and writers not like living and vital things but like names to drop at port parties -- took on the good stuff too. So we have a generation or a second generation of literature professors at this point who in fact more or less don't care much about literature, don't perceive what makes this poem really good and that one mediocre. It is as though we have hired the colorblind to teach the history of art. And worse -- it is as though their colorblindness has qualified them for the job, because "those people who see color are apologists for the old, colorist way of doing things." I don't know how this yacht will be turned around anytime soon. This will not be a good century for literature -- but for God's sake, history, surprise me!
As a Darwinian I welcome the coming culling of the saturated "writers market".But I think you're intentionally exaggerating to prove a point about writing as an endeavor which I will address. When the barrier to entry is raised only those who have the strongest belief and dedication will remain. We can only stand to benefit from this. The only ones who don't are people who love writing indescriminately. For every published author who should feel ashamed of himself there is a reader who should feel equally ashamed. While there will likely be collateral literary casualties, you'll never have to hear from another stupid John Green fan again and will be left with only the finest.
You make very good points. It truly is stuff like this that makes me a staunch doubter of that phrase - I think it goes something "truly there is nothing new under the sun", or something like that. The fact that we're having this conversation about literature in the first place is proof that history is full of surprises.
pomo is pretty much there, you can't really delve into metapomo or 'post modern poop nigger cant melt fuelism' as one anon put it without scratching your head a tadYou have people like John Green and yeah he's pretty cringey but it's what the proletariat want; easy and relatable material that engages you with its gaiety. Plus the critique threads here are full of pretentious cunts, honestly I'd find it weird reading something written in the 21st century that sounds as if it were written 200 years ago
Don't worry anon, your job is already being automated. Soon there won't be any need for human editors.
Nah, dude, those editor codes all produce nonsense. That guy's job is safe.
That's wrong, the Catholic church actively translated and copied Greek texts into Latin...from the 12th century onward, while translations of Greek works into Arabic began in the 9th century.the only reason the Islamic empires got their hands on those texts was from conquering the Byzantine empire that wrote them.Or from trading with the Byzantines, as during the reign of Caliph Al-Ma'mun.
You're treating literature like it is natural selection but that is a false analogy unfortunately. In hard times publishers take less risks, they keep on publishing that John Green that they know will give a return.
Not him, but in the short run the plebs win and previous eras also had their John Greens and Stephenie Meyers and E.L. Jameses. But those type of writers, while hugely successful at their time, aren't the ones getting remembered. The bulk of Victorian best sellers would barely be recognised by anyone today, for example. Good literature, the so called classics, often stand out after an era as having remained merit beyond its direct context. Besides, even in the case where you would not like the outcome, it's still natural selection. Literature is just competing memes, essentially.
You can't manufacture great writers. You can manufacture competent engineers. It makes sense for an education system to focus on the fields that will actually benefit from systematic education.
memesThis word is dead. Not only was it created by the biggest hack in writing, the Internet butchered it and shat the carcass out long ago. Just use idea.
Place yourself somewhere in that diagram, /lit/.
Skilled artist with a penchant for naked chess, known to horseride and drink champagne but still with a good appreciation of the occasional night of ordinary red wine, accordions, and farm labourers. Looking for hiking and fishing partner.
hereI also fixed your pleb diagram
Is there a difference between nihilism and skepticism? Both believe in nothing.
/lit/ - literature
Both believe in nothing.nice bait
I can't even begin to describe how retarded this diagram is.
implying it shouldn't be possible to talk about any topic just to hear what the specific group that frequents this board thinksimplying telling people to go /pol/ for actual discussion on politics and philosophy isn't tantamount to telling people to go to /a/ to discuss art
I always get a kick from seeing this picture. Should...should someone tell them, guys?
what is so wrong about the picture ?
SCEPTICISM as defined by Meriam-webster:1.an attitude of doubt or a disposition to incredulity either in general or toward a particular object2.a the doctrine that true knowledge or knowledge in a particular area is uncertainb the method of suspended judgment, systematic doubt, or criticism characteristic of skeptics3. doubt concerning basic religious principles as immortality, providence, and revelation
NIHILISM as defined by Meriam-webster1.a a viewpoint that traditional values and beliefs are unfounded and that existence is senseless and uselessb a doctrine that denies any objective ground of truth and especially of moral truths2a a doctrine or belief that conditions in the social organization are so bad as to make destruction desirable for its own sake independent of any constructive program or possibilityb capitalized : the program of a 19th century Russian party advocating revolutionary reform and using terrorism and assassination
Nihilism regarding X: X doesn't existSkepticism regarding X: We don't/can't have knowledge of X
Look up gnosticism. A better term to use would be 'fundamentalist'.
This fucking graphProbably the first time I am seeing double false dichotomy in my life.
Traditionalism is the only objective truth.
art discussion is for /ic/ retard
If traditionalism is true, then it is also true that traditionalism is true, etc.
Awful. There's no good reason to abandon:Theism: Believe God existsAtheism: Believe God does not existAgnostic: Withhold belief
Scepticism is not belief in nothing, lel, it's an epistemological stance
/thread
stop replying to shitposting & bait you retards
No, gnosticism is fine as an antonym for agnosticism because of its concern with the affirmation of metaphysical truths vs thorough scepticism. It's slightly strange to use it in relation to atheism, but used loosely it properly denotes the atheist's commitment to the alleged metaphysical truth of naturalism.
Failure to affirm the existence of God is the same as atheism. You cannot 'withhold belief', you either believe something or you don't. Agnosticism is a claim about uncertainty, not belief.
Failure to affirm the existence of God is the same as atheism.Not under account you just replied to, which is most commonly used by philosophers of religion see Mackie atheist, Oppy atheist, Plantinga, Swinburne, etc..If I say "I do not affirm the existence of God", that doesn't completely describe my position on the question of whether God exists, because it doesn't say whether I:a also do not affirm the non-existence of God viz. I do not believe that God does not exist either, or, b believe that God does not exist.You cannot 'withhold belief', you either believe something or you don't.But not believing something is not equivalent to believing its negation. I don't believe there is gold on mars, but I don't believe there is not gold on mars either - I simply don't have a belief regarding gold on mars because I don't feel sufficiently educated about gold or mars to hold one.I see no contradiction in someone who neither believes God exists nor believes that he does not exist. Such a person would, under the account I posted, be an agnostic for whatever reason, e.g. they haven't thought about the question, they don't feel confident enough either way, they're a verificationist, etc..Agnosticism is a claim about uncertainty, not belief.Again, not under the account which I posted. Who gives a fuck about whether someone is certain or uncertain about their belief? It's literally irrelevant. You could resurrect Kant, have him post a paper starting with "I am really certain about this one, guys", and nobody would give a fuck about that claim. In philosophy, we're interested in the *justification* someone holds for their position, not their certainty. Accordingly, there's no need to fiddle with our terms for the question of God's existence just to account for certainty.'Atheism’ means the negation of theism, the denial of the existence of God.' [*not* the same as failing to affirm the existence of God, but actively denying the existence of God].or not, this is an excellent post on the matter:this article, too. Yes, it's written by a theist. No, that doesn't make his claims any less true:
1. The term 'gnosticism' is historically older than 'agnosticism' even more so 'gnostic' and 'gnosis'.2. The affirmation of metaphysical truths in gnosticism comes from a direct personal experience gnosis. That does not mean a gnostic cannot have a sceptical and/or introspective attitude towards metaphysics - much to the contrary, really. He percieves the material world as false and illusive, and cognition can be very much in the realm of material as well. Therefore, the most careful introspection is needed. I think to say gnosticism stands in opposition to scepticism is short sighted. To illustrate - take the number of the paranoid nuts who are drawn to the gnostic materials. The only thing those people aren't sceptic about is their own morbid scepticism. And if you read some of the modern or contemporary gnostics, you find that those people were indeed very sceptic about their experiences - who wouldn't be, encountering something so bizzare and numinous. However, the weight of those experiences proved stronger and more sensible in the end than any attempts of rationalising them away. And that's what it's about.
You cannot 'withhold belief', you either believe something or you don'tYes you can, it's called epoke, it's a 2k years old concept.
Nihilism believes in certain negations, scepticism does not believe.Believing in nothing and believing nothing are different things.
That pic is stupid but if you don't KNOW that no god a.k.a. the Christian imagining of a conscious and moral entity outside of life exists, you haven't been paying attention to life around you.
Write what's on your mind
"If this thread was on reddit, I would downvote it"
これメルドは何ですかHeeeeeyaheeeeey, koremerdewanandesuka?
These chicken fingers are delicious Plato's early dialogues are surprisingly fucking tedious holy shit I love Star Trek even though to be honest like half the episodes are pretty shitty
Steve McQueen jumped the first one clean, but the great escape he'd tried to make was not to be. Maybe next time, Steve.
 macaronic languageO dieu qu'il m'a donnée la souffrance have mercy on me. O lawd
the regan girl /lit/ is obsessed with started coming here yesterday is a shittier version of fantano with a weirder, more sexualized cult-following, and a very less nuanced intellectual grasp of the art she's reviewing than fantano has.
would hang out withhave you read euthyphro
in fairness, I've been coming here for years, and this is literally the first time I've seen this personyou're not wrong, tho
"Something interesting should happen already"
started coming here yesterdayProve it mister.
I wish I enjoyed readingas much as I enjoy reading the Internet. It's embarrassing.
first impressions of /lit/:1. dfw is nothing more than a meme2. everybody loves themselves some buzzwords3. YA is pathetic, and john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoying4. existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.
Ditto friend.
She's not trying to be fantano or even a shitty Marcel with some sort of critical aspiration. She's just some person talking about books she likes and /lit/ losers fap to that.Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"
I have an appointment in the afternoon, I don't know when.If I fail to attend, these people will stop the money I get from the government for being a shut-in with behavioural problems.This is fair, as I've entered into a contract with them, however, I'm not as concerned about this as I'm told I should be.As I retreat more into my own personal fantasy, it becomes harder to concentrate on real things, and they begin to seem distant and unimportant, like that scream from the street that you shut out at four AM, and turn over in your bed to forget.I'll miss the money, next week, of course, but I can rationalize it all away, even knowing deep down I just didn't want to get out of bed.
I'm excited to read more books.
I like reading and writing, so why does english class suck classical english dick so much?
Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"relative to that chick, yes. honestly though, he devotes a ridiculous amount of time to music, and has cultivated a fantastic sense of taste which he always backs up logic and thoughtfulness. I might not always agree with him, but I always can always be like "hm. I understand where he's coming from."
I just finished reading The Metamorphasis, In the Penal Colony, and numerous other Kafka short stories. I feel like I have a solid grasp on them, but am putting off starting The Trail because while I find his works to be extremely high quality, I don't really enjoy reading them.I always like reading non-fiction, the news, or textbooks because I am interested by events, I just have a hard time getting into a story that really has no bearing on the real world, but idk maybe I'm a giant fucking pleb ;^/
The dfw memeing is post-post-irony
Today at work a guy who had quit was visiting to say hi and when I went up to greet him he was very unfriendly to me and I can't stop thinking about this it's really bothering me ..
nearly this same thing happened to me yesterday. Except I think I was the mean one. I can't tell a lot of the time
I'm starting to fall for the other woman.
I don't really believe a thing she says. Another girl is involved and, while I look forward to interrogating her a real skill of mine, I almost don't want to hear what I know to be the truth I told myself that if it turns out she wasn't lying, I'd really go for her and treat her right. But I think that's just a part of the game I play with myself. Life is lacking in momentum. Though I have a tendency toward control and hunger for knowledge I've used a girl not liking to admit she's raped as a control experiment to see if she was lying about something else, going back and forth between the two, I've realized that a visceral life is more stimulating I think the favorite moment in my life so far was a year ago. Being drunk for a few days straight, each sip feeling amazing. She was this good looking, kind of man eating slut that I was intimidated by. We were listening to a lot of Lana Del Rey that day and she'd sing along 'RyAnn!' replacing the song's 'My Mann'That morning we had woke up at 3am, drunk, and started drinking. She said she was never going to get married, and I told her I was going to marry her. That day she called her mom and said she was going to marry meI don't think I've ever loved anything as much as I loved her that daySoon after the story above I lost my job, then, because of the girl, I kind went crazy, got 5150'd and kicked outThis habit of mine might get in the way of my urge to make money, but I think the thought of doing this on a grander scale is arousingI found it weird that he was a fag
I should go to sleep so I'm not so tired that I show up late to my new job again. I really want to play some games though.I really want to fuck my roommate/ex HS crush again. Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?I really want to fuck in general, actually, but she's around and we've fucked before, sooo...I should read something so I can participate in /lit/ discussions at some point. Or at least recognize who's spewing bullshit more effectively.I'm experiencing mental tension with my job even though the work isn't slimy or even profiting anyone directly yet. This may be a broader tension with working in general. This may be a broader yet tension with having a consistent schedule and approaching financial comfort. That shouldn't produce tension, should it?My poetry feels like a waste of time but I'm still compelled to write.
I have a strong desire to start writing short stories but lack the experience to even know where to start and have to much fear of producing shallow trash.
should I close this thread or reply to somebody's post? I feel like telling the poster above me that a journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step, but I guess I won't. Oh well, I hope they figure it out on their own. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now.
"I was frozen, today"With Debussy in the background

I feel kind of guilty for not reading anything in a long time. I feel like if I bought an e-reader it would motivate me, but I can't really justify spending the money on a new gadget I might not even use much. I'm pretty torn.
What if Las Vegas wasn't just a tourist trap, but a time traveler trap?
Das it manI was at about 45min
Sıkılmak bile sıkıcı değil artık
That didn't come out like I wanted it toAndnot liking to admit she's been* raped
I need to be provided with structures. I'm only interested in discussing structures. Otherwise I'm wasting my time. I need a structure to overcome a break up. After years of... I felt the urge to hit 'esc' and not post this because I was afraid my post would be trite. Imagined another man groping my ex gf boobs and this made me feel grief and loss. Brainless. Brainless tumor. Being stuck in these kinds of grief makes your world smaller. You start caring about small things. You forget your purpose, you forget how to feel. You won't be famous or remembered if you keep paying attention to this. Ok. I don't know how to cope so... should I ask my mother about this again? Not confessional prose again, please, at least don't make judgments or statements. Only facts. You abandoned your friend, maybe he felt the way you feel now. Maybe mabye ah bah bah bah. Feeling trite. I was negligent. To be interested in structures and to need structures makes me prone to be a victim of trite things. Again, that's a judgment but I'm not sure. I can't discern. Never read the Greeks. Ok, I get it. Those give you the fundamental structures. You've been wasting your time. Nobody has time for that. Not me. Excuses. All of them. Just kill yourself. Forget about killing yourself. That's not a thought you can rely on. You don't always want to kill yourself. Uncertainty in the brain almost perpetually. Just forget about it. Self-help sentiments. Is that what... Uh.
Is part of the pain due to the persuasive lie that we have personal agency in the forms of liberty, equality, freedom, etc.? Like Zizek claims with his story about the traditional authoritarian boss vs. the modern friendly boss: the pain of forced cooperation against your interests under the threat of punishment is easier to handle than the pain of someone convincing you that you WANT to work against your interests. Big Brother doesn't whip you until you comply, he bores into your brain and controls your thoughts. He CHANGES you.Failures of design and circumstance have been transferred onto us. Serfs never had to worry about getting ahead. It was made very clear that they never would. When modern systems fail us, it is in fact OUR FAULT. College is too costly? Work harder. Go into debt. Or you are a huge loser failure. You don't want to be a loser. You love to work hard. You are fine with payments. You love to learn new things. Can't miss out on those college parties!Why can't they lay it out bare? It will actually hurt our feeling less. YES we require a degree to hire you. YES we are jacking up tuition to build a football stadium. YES the professor has a new edition of his handout that you can only get at the university bookstore. Give it to me straight, Mr. Dean! I don't want this, you wan't this. HR wants this. They are scrambling my brain up and making me feel bad.
I woke up early and I feel bad, although I'm not sure why. I need to go to an interview at a university I really want to go to and I'm rather anxious about not making it, albeit there's no reason for me to be doubting that I won't.I am also forced to do work-related recreational things because my boss insists that if we would it'd help our ability to work. Things like sports and such.
Last time I saw her, she had "say yes" written in sharpie on her left arm. A cloth bracelet that had a sewn patch on her right. She must have sewn it in herself, it said "love" in a cursive pink. She told me she used to be a candy kid, and I could tell by her mannerisms that she'd never hurt a thing in the world, except maybe herself. To see her smile the way she did tore me in two, but not in the bullshit teenager way. This was a full grown this-girl-is-basically-married-and-will-never-see-me-in-that-light kinda way. And here I am crying about it in a mongolian yurt making factory, in some sort of stupid and confused frenzy that I can't express anywhere else in the world. On the other hand, I want to feel this way. I want to take all of the nice feelings of love and just concentrate them in a person I can't ever be with. That way, I can focus on my work. It doesn't help me sleep at night, but having a tiny corner of my life where I can just bury all my feelings is the easiest way to avoid feeling brokenhearted, or abandoned, and in a way, lonely. Because I accepted all of these things at least a year ago, I accepted that's how I'm going to feel and goddamn it, I'd rather move on with my life and try to create something with some sort of artistic merit than try to cure those feelings.Maybe next time i'll choose not to see her at all
that feel when no gf
You mean you didn't mean to sound like a complete asshole, or that you did mean to sound like an asshole? You actually come across as just an asshole.
This, basically. It saves you a lot time and effort. USE IT.
The last few months I've been progressivelly feeling more and more that I should, nay that I need to find someone to love. That wouldn't be all that bad in itself, but I also feel like everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by basic people. It's not that I don't have fun or enjoy the stuff I do...it just feels like months since I talked to a real person. And it's all the worse that I have this image, this anima, haunting me - I fall for every other chick I meet, only to realize over and over that there's nothing mysterious or interesting about her, her or her. I'm affraid of the possibility that nothing can compare to the bizzarely numinous experience I had the first time falling in love.I don't know, maybe the problem is that I'm slowly unbecoming a person myself - too lost in my books and wild theories of the reality, I become distant from what was once relevant. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I'm either a schizo or pratyekabuddha - either way, I'm fucking lonely, with just my family of the dead to keep me company.
She is my spliced half. My heartrate spikes and I start to fidget when thinking of her. She has restored my faith in the human capability for romantic love, and I can't have her because I am in a loveless bond with a person I cannot stand that lives two hundred miles away from me.I should buy milk and fish. My omega-six levels are dropping and they are necessary for proper brain function as they balance out the already-prevalent omega-three fats present in grain products and red meat.Maybe killing myself will solve both of these problems.
What is post post irony?
why the fuck can't I quit porn/fappingjesus christ I don't understand why this is so goddamn hard for me. either I'm bored and have too much time on my hands so I fap or I feel like shit for one reason or another and I need to fap to feel better. I guess I lack willpower. don't know how I'm supposed to build some up.bleh
Is this a true account?
You're depressed and bored, man. Put yourself on a schedule, start working out, get 3 hours of sun/fresh air every day. I cut it down to 3x a week, which is the minimum if you don't want to get prostate cancer. You can do it.
You're devolving into an infantile state of shutting out the world stimulus in order to create your own zone of artificial stimulation that is also not uncoincidentally directly linked to and controlled by your survivalist genes of procreation. Never mind the fact that you're tricking yourself -- that every attempt made to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.Every attempt to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.
I think experiencing different aspects of life creates depth, and that fulfilling desires creates wisdom You not wanting to possess a girl is too self defeatist, and speaks about how little you strive for, which is indicative of how far you won't goI feel like getting 'structure' from outside sources, especially needing to, especially wanting to get it from the greeks is for stupid people who will never be greatLooking for process for process's sake. I'd rather look for greatness, look for what makes sense, and let process eventually come from thatThen there's people like Joyce who genuinely think that their rapid, mindless expressions are is itself a worthy process. Everyone thinks he's great, but that isn't why. It's from the confidence it takes to think your fly by the moment thoughts are artWhen I was younger, tripping on acid, I was talking to this guy also tripping. Because of how socially inept I was, I felt that being overly cartoonish was a good way to connect with people. I sensed him mock me so I hit him in the stomach and brought my focus inward instead of trying to socialize with that faggot. Then.. he thanked me. I didn't pay attention to why, because I knew the real reason. No one knows what the fuck they want, and they're happy to be a part of the exercised will of someone that does, even if it's negative. To experience that gives them a moment of clarity and purpose, and the fact is, I doubt the greeks were much different And I definitely echo your thoughts on grief. For me it's obsession over a girl, I lose myself Idk, it just didn't I post like that often, sometimes it's right, sometimes it isn't
That one good post on lit tiday. Have a good one mate.
Bottom link onWas meant for youI didn't have enough direction in the post. It's easier when I say stories, then to go into detail how I feel, or go into too much detail about past events
After kicking coke and painkillers, now that I can't get fucked up none of my friends hit me up anymore - only when they want a cigarette they enthusiastically say it too, "Bro!! Let's smoke!!".Fuck it depresses me /lit/. I've known those guys since grade school and now soon as I can't go out and get fucked up with them it's not just going to parties, it's sitting around in a room splitting grams of coke and getting all paranoid, they never come over and see me.I'm considering moving out of the city to Los Angeles only a few hours away since in my town, you know who you know and that's it. Finding new friends is near impossible.
Where do you live?
Fresno - well, more specifically Clovis.
Fuck them. They're clearly not even remotely your friends if the only merit they see in you is getting drugs off of you. But I guess that's what drug fiends are like. Disgusting. I'd go for it anon, not necessarily LA but just any city where you feel you can get a fresh start. It's not worth it being in touch with such a bunch anyway, so it's not your loss.
How old are you?
Isn't that pretty cool your friends are in some way looking out for you?Why would they, junkies, want you, a non-junkie, to come to their ways again? They know they're into it, and they know you've made the right choice, or they'd be inviting you nay nagging you to come do coke with them.Despite this, as junkies do, they could easily forget your existence altogether, so stuck in their microcosms they are, but nay these friends of yours still hit you up, and the only way they know to bond is through chemical ritual, and so they in their ways invite you to have a cigarette with them -- they sound enthusiastic because you're their fucking bro and you don't speak much anymore so when you do they want it to be worth something, they'll be enthusiastic.Don't take it personal anon, you can't force them to change their ways, and even if you could would you want to? Probably not -- kudos for kicking the drugs man, if you feel like you're wanting to move out of state, to a new scene probably the best thing for a recovering addict, start thinking about it --not worrying about it, just ponder on it.
Where the eagle glides ascending There's an ancient river bending Down the timeless gorge of changes Where sleeplessness awaits I searched out my companions, Who were lost in crystal canyons When the aimless blade of science Slashed the pearly gates. It was then I knew I'd had enough, Burned my credit card for fuel Headed out to where the pavement turns to sand With a one-way ticket to the land of truth And my suitcase in my hand How I lost my friends I still don't understand.luck anon. Godspeed.
The draw of Los Angeles is that it's relatively close and it's a big city. I'm young and I'd like to live somewhere not so dead end as any city between Los Angeles and San Francisco tends to be.I remember when they weren't like that though and as much as I try not to, I cling to that image of them. Young, hopeful, etc. They think they're going to be the next fucking George Jung because they sell lines at parties. I'm 18, almost 19.
I like your outlook on it and god, I love your positive attitude....but I know these guys. Anyone who doesn't get fucked up is a faggot to them. I might as well be dead to them at this point. I live within 5 minutes of them and in the past almost 3 months of sobriety have only seen 2 out of around 11 of them once or twice.It's not so much that they care too much about me to not invite me along, they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partake, or more likely the reasoning, someone who isn't going to put in money to buy said drugs.
I never much listened to Neil Young but this is great. Thanks anon.
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices? Could it be as bad as I think it is?Probably, but some people can make it work. I don't know if I'm one of those people. I'd shave my head but I'm also balding down the middle of my head too.It's like a straight line. It's so unnatural. I don't understand how this shit happens.All my life I've hated how my hair looks and now that I'm losing it; I hate it even more. ;_;
Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?Becuase she wants your D homo
I want to sleep.
Their life is drugs of course you are dead to them -- it either transpires that the drugs were the only thing making you friends in the first place, in which case it would seem natural the bond dissipates as your curtail the drugs, or that without the drugs you wouldn't have remained friends in the first place - people change etc. Either way you're not missing out on anything, but rather working towards more a person who maybe, in a few years, your friends could see and feel a well of pride, and then, sadness or something -- but it would all be well and good. they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partakeThey're ashamed, man; you wouldn't invite a catholic priest to your orgy would you?Really, coming from someone who's dropped contact with many people he loved and still loves to death.
I feel you on that, more or lessI don't have anyone on my same wave length, I've been burning the people I used to connect with to the filter and I need to meet new people and generally focus on other thingsI don't think there's anything wrong with unbecoming a person. When I was younger I went through a phase where I couldn't read anything new without it making me feel like everything I had previously thought was wrong. I started asking myself questions, the answers of which are the foundation of who I am as a person Writing my theories helped a lotYour friends call you to smoke cigarettes?That sounds like I joke but I'm I'd probably hangout with you if you want. MaybeI was doing 8balls by myself when I was 16, and your general story sounds far fetchedI'm in Oakland
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices?If they are a cool individual, they don't notice because, genuinely, who the fuck cares.Keep focusing on what is inside your skull instead of what is on your head.
I'm in L.A. anon, I will be the guy at the beach playing harmonica and reading books in the hammock on the weekend. I hope you the best for you, good luck.
blake and joyce and everyone fell asleep at once though I've told them twice not to touch my teeth or else I'll parse a patterned subject with holy high notes swirl around in spinal fluid blood boil rib rinse eyes dry tongue tied let me fuck you then fuck me then we can lie down and try to sleep in the middle of the day otherwise I'll have to maintain homeostasis in an infinite tumble of mind manners and monster emotions.
What city do you live in?I was thinking of Hollywood cause a studio there is pretty cheap. Same with Koreatown. I spent a lot of time in Venice/Santa Monica and Bel Air when I was younger. I've had a love affair with the city since I could remember. That sounds like the life to me though anon. I don't need much. An easy, slightly above minimum wage job - ideally a record store or guitar center where I worked until just recently, pays just enough for a studio that I can come home to and work on my writing.
Your outlook's starting to influence mine a bit.I'll miss them. I love them to death, but if I didn't get sober that death would probably be coming a lot sooner. Two close calls to cardiac arrest were enough for me to call it quits. Love those guys, but it's time to move on.Funnily enough, they called me a few minutes ago wanting a cigarette. They're walking around my neighborhood car shopping opening car doors to see if they're open then stealing what you can out of them. I sat back and realized that I'm content in rather sitting inside posting on /lit/ The party was fun while it lasted
I've lived in Venice and done work all around the city: let me tell you, between the west side venice/santa monica/palisades/ brentwood/mar vista/marina del rey vs the inner city and valley downtown, k-town, valley, etc. is a fucking huge gap in overall enjoyability. The west side is beautiful, relaxed, and active. The inner city is flat, ugly, strained, and void of any non-exclusive activity. If you move to LA, make sure you're on the west side.
I live in Santa Monica. I'm a History teacher for Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District. If you are not materialistic, which it sounds like you aren't, you will do just fine in life.
I've got a lot of family in Fresno. I live a couple hours away from Clovis...I'm not saying we could, you know, meet up and trade books or anything, but...
Why should I do anything? Because it makes me happy.Why should I care about my happiness? It feels nice.Will it feel nice after I am dead? No.So it doesn't matter since time is fake, it may as well be 100 years from now it just happens not to be. The only other reason I have to do anything is to make other people's lives easier but that doesn't matter either because they will all be dead.Sure, in 50-70 years we may get powerful enough AI to replicate human brains, but even then, it is worthless. I know I need to simply distract myself with travelling and a girlfriend and a fulfilling job but I feel like it is something like Pandora's Box. Once it is open it you can never revert to the previous state, I can never forget how worthless everything is. I know a lot of you guys think about this sort of thing but the only solutions I have found are sleights that don't actually solve it.
209 REPRESENT LOL
Thing is, as we get older, friendship cliques become sort of cemented in a way - like political structures comprised of bodies with individual roles; a jester, a brick-head, a butt of the joke, perhaps a matriarch or patriarch -- so as we move out of the friendship groups we grew up with, became a person with, and then move away from that past, it's like an ego shock..you seem foreign to the people outside of the clique you grew with, and other people can seem foreign to you, and everyone is comfortable in their cliques and doesn't want to disrupt their status quo by inviting a new body into their social-political sphere.This cliqueism gives rise to an entirely interesting sect of outcasts, of people who went, say, against the grain out of their own sheer will - these people, your person, my person, can affect change.You seem so blase about giving up the drugs, you don't talk of the struggle, and it is like a kizmet that your friends just now called you - you don't mourn the past and you are content, don't even have to say it. We probably miss the bond, the ritual, the effortlessness, let the drugs do the walking - muscles atrophied. Exercise. Exorcise.
of course horse, I'd be down bahaha my condolences, though in the valley we all commiserate
Come visit SLO when you can, my man
You know, before I checked myself into rehab I allowed myself one more weekend of excess. I locked myself into my room with 3 grams of cocaine, some food/water, cigarettes, my music and some books.The final line of cocaine that I railed, that final sliver of glamour, as soon as it all went up, I dropped to my knees clutching my head bawling knowing that it was the end of an era for me. That might've been the absolute lowest point of my life. Lying fetal position on my floor, some 3 odd days without sleep or shower, 20 pounds underweight. What you've described to me though is my biggest fear. That I'll never make a little group of friends like that again. Without school, I have no idea how to make friends in the real world. Maybe it's just because I'm young but I just honestly see no way to make friends without something like school to lock enough people into a small space where relationships MUST flourish.
I am almost 30, fat, single, but nonetheless, happy.
The level of social maturity on this board is a joke
So 3 grams lasted you 3 days, and you went to rehab with that habit, and you're relating to a kid who apparently used to split a gram with 11 friends and currently only sees them to smoke cigarettes
Actually, I'm passing through there soon. My parents are moving to Santa Maria soon.
I don't relish the thought of replying to an idiot and liar But I think if you were to enter a certain scene, like going to a given club every weekend, you'd eventually start to see how small that scene was and you'd meet people
I'm the kid in question.
idiot and a liarI'll concede to idiot but why would you call me a liar?
4chanMaturitypick one
I realized that
It could've been my phrasing, I didn't mean I lied on the floor for 3 days - I just meant that it was 3 days TO that point.
I don't think you realize what you realize.
Like I said, your general story sounds far fetched. Like you have no idea what you're talking about, because you obviously don't Unlese you're being ironic or something, which I can tell you aren't, when you have a coke habit it doesn't feel like gloryI can't imagine 3 grams lasting more than half a day for someone with an addictionI'd expect at least some level of depth
I realized it after the factAt first I thought there where two fantasy filled children in this threadI hate being 'that guy', which I always am, so I'll leave this thread for the night
How did Arabs make such a big deal about the eradication of Paganism and pagan idols, yet Egyptian monuments still stand? It's one thing to claim your hand made stone carving is a vessel of a minor god you worship for personal peace, it's another to have great massive monuments dedicated to men believed themselves gods, worshiping other gods in a polytheistic system. Not just attributing partners to god, but believing they ascended to divinity. And yet the statues of Arabia got smashed and the sphinx still stands.HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN?
When it's your entire reason for existence and it's all gone, yes - it's glorious. I knew it was fucked up but I knew my life would flip upside down after that night.I was being facetious though.
Man I love Kill Me Baby.
i have a job interview tomorrow, i hope things go okay
good luck anon
I crave intimacy and attention but deliberately distance myself from my family. I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be asked. My expectations are way too high and I'm unwilling to do anything I don't like regardless of how it might affect the people who matter and my own potential. I plan to leave the country and part of the reason why is the vague hope that it's this society that's caused by depression, frustration and double-standards. I fantasize about all my problems being solved by the addition of a girlfriend but am terrified of the responsibility at the same time.
the pig was named porkshire. he lived in england, and he hated the police. one day a sweet woman was watering her weeds. porkshire trampled her pretty lawn and she called the department of sherrifs. he arrived in his police car and brought porkie into the back. he made a mess shitting on the backseat. the first incident of precise sabotage the pig plans to undertake.
sheriffs in police carsenglandremove yourself
I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be askedplease try to change this, as one of those guys that always has to take initiative it's mentally exhausting after a while and gives the impression that you secretly hate me
If you can get any, take 10mg of Valium before the interview. It will eliminate the nervousness without clouding your mind. Don't drink any coffee or take anything else stimulating either.when they ask you if you have any questions say " no....but is there anything I haven't elaborated on or explained well enough during the interview? " or words to that effect. It turns the questioning on its head and shows an air of confidence.
Ah dude, hang around, it's ok.
I hope you really fucking cock up the interview, anon, I hope you have bogies hanging our ya nozzies and that ye stutter and spit on the interviewer like sporruy bossYou will live on pavements rest of life.
But if you've had bad experiences with people agreeing to do things with you when you were young, it's very scary to ask people to keep to a commitment you created. Not to mention having done it so few times there's a strong fear of doing something that you feel you should be very experienced at doing by now.
But anon, if time is fake then your happiness is forever.
LemonsToday I had been walking back from work as I always had, with a friendIt was an amiable walk, like most nights under the lithe moonlightFor the past fortnight, from the crepuscular to the consummation of peregrination, he had never stopped pining over his lemons;incessantlyThen came my epiphany, elicited after my evocation in a stentorian pule..."LEMONS""LEEEH- MONSSS!!!!"I had thought, at the time, that I had never shrieked louder in my entire lifethen, the rasps licked and mingled with our ears and minds, silence had come back as quick as it had left usAt this point I was profoundly forlorn, and for the rest of our meandering, I glared the pavement all the way back home, as if the ground itself was the draconian antagonist in my journeyConcerned, as he should, many an inquiry came out of him, ebbing as the realization that I was beyond succour took its seat in his mindI told him about my lemonsthey would never stopand everybody else had even more lemonsand they too, would never stopConsummation came with an apology as we parted wayswell that was my day /lit/, non-fiction for you fags
They only destroyed that giant stone buddha with explosives, didn't they? If islamists were to destroy the sphinx now, half of egypt would want to kill them ruins tourist business.
I'm too sleepy I guess I should go sleep damn it's already past 6AM I said I would be there around 9 maybe I should just stay awake confusion in her eyes that says it all she's lost control she mentioned liking post-punk I wonder if she likes this shit it's been more than a month I guess if I stay up and do that til 10 I can sleep about four hours after then try to sleep in regular hours tonight what is this smell did he just shit on the hall again I'll clean after I come back then sleep but why would she never message again after all she said I need to study it will be at the end of July I can't postpone it anymore Carl is gonna ask me about it in the party most likely I hope I have started by then to at least be able to sound convincing the download has finished 50 minutes plus a shower then go it's perfect timing I wonder if they will at least let me change the office priorities cause chosing the one next to her as my number one choice was foolish well damn it's really smelling bed maybe if I open the window I can just ignore it but it's a nice city anyway and it will be a good experience but it will feel shitty regardless and I don't even know French maybe start with something that covers the basics of everything then just branch to whatever I'm not comfortable with I wonder if there is a book that has all the basics like that maybe I should write one if there isn't cause it could be really useful I don't think that is I'll sleep for 4 hours and then google the books I need and make a study plan I think he will message me today wanting the thing deployed so I should deploy it first since it won't take long it says it's my birthday there maybe she sees it and comes to say something nice this bass line is really good she's lost control again she's lost control again but new dawn fades is so much better I guess this is more famous just because it's more catchy but still very good maybe I should deploy it now because if I watch the episode there's a chance I'll fall asleep hope he doesn't ask about it til afternoon shit it was the last one I'll go buy another pack and watch it the plan was to try to stop today maybe I'll reduce the amount from this pack onwards or I'll wait until next week cause by then I'll be done with my job guess I'll start studying next week then as well but I should definitely make that study plan otherwise I'll lack the motivation I miss we both been busy and coming to leave a message to each other every two hours or so she even asked if I wanted to call so we could talk while she was painting I need to download the subtitles if there aren't any yet there's no big deal I can understand everything everytime anyway I should just watch without it this time I will fetch the usb disk to copy it I don't even know if I'll pass the interview anyway maybe I'm stressing over nothing where's my lighter I can smoke one on my way back her paintings are really good though
I don't think that it's really shameI'd say its more out of "Wow that guy is a total dweeb, can't believe he's gonna choose a job and a suit over this kush"also "Well that Catholic Preist will only partake in our orgy if there's some children, can't really have him come along"
I wish you good luck!
You guys know it's not that hard to get a gf right? Put yourself out there, do some exercise, look like you're having fun.
What a useless post/er.
I am plagued by indecisiveness. I am hypocritical. I find myself craving human affection and attention constantly, yet rejecting opportunities in which I can attain such. My reasoning for these actions has yet to be found. I have recently become obsessed with the certainty that anything I bring into this world, whether it is human or plant or creation, will decay, and die. Surely this may be “babby’s first nihilistic crisis”, but nevertheless, these ideas are beginning to define my ways of thinking. I feel incapable of loving people. I have no idea as to why, but the ability seemed to have left me. I solely initiate breakups. It’s never the other party, always me. I have this hypocritical of wanting nothing more than a relationship, then immediately regretting it, and wanting to breakup. I’m spineless, constantly afraid of others judgement, yet crave insults and attacks on myself, possibly to reassure myself that I’m a spiteful and horrible person. My actions may sometimes show otherwise, I will not think twice about helping someone, or spoiling them. Is this to cover up my inner and more abhorrent thoughts? I claim to be a “writer”; Lord knows I can’t write for shit. I have no motivation in reading anymore.
I hope that guy replies, I hope we have similar interests, I'm hungry, yeah because I didn't eat anything today because I felt slightly sick yesterday and had no appetite today.
Getting to the stage where it's possible to break up is a good first step though. You need someone to shape you.
thinkgen bout demiurge
There was a gf I believed was way into me, gave me all the signs, asked me out for milkshales after school and all.When I asked her out last week she shook her head, said no and was ice cold the next day.If a girl who shows me signs like that denies me, it's not easy to do.And besides, where do i meet girls anyway?
holy shit you are the worst kind of poster and represent everything wrong with youth literary culture.
Why do you hate gnosticism so much?
muh exclusionary secret knowledgeThough I guess that's not as bad as people who read up on it as an "alternative"
I think he was triggered..
Not that guy but man, you could've had put it in more sophisticated terms. You know, we gotta keep up the image we don't have.
If you mean getting a gf for the sake of getting a gf, it isn't that much.But finding someone that you love, that you trust, that you get along well, that you like every quality and yet don't care about any of her flaws, that are able to be copletely honest with without judgement, that you see yourself spending the rest of your life with and that feels all this towards you as well is really really hard anon, don't fool yourself.
It's proving pretty hard for me to find any kind of gf...
Gnosticism is a branch of knowledge, not really a fucking dazzling coat to prance around in.
WHERE DO I MEET GIRLSHERE
I don't know mate, think, how do you gain all you social contact - what do you USE to gain all your social contact? How could YOU USE what you currently use to gain the rest of your social contact, to also get a girl.
I have only one friend and all we usually do is get high and play cards/video games.He did invite me to a party on the 14th so maybe then, but I suck at parties
You suck at parties?I guess you suck at parties then..Doomed/dismissed - fail forever. Have fun!
Never said that, but the memeing seems a bit unnecessary, especially for the posters sake. Also I wouldn't really say that it's a branch of knowledge, but rather a spiritual/phillosophical system built around a historical record of certain kind of experience. But that's just me nitpicking.
Well then don't say getting a gf isn't much then you dumb shit
tbh what a lot of people used was being forced into contact through things like tutorials. What they need is to gain contacts outside of institutional compulsion.I can't really talk though because my friends are 1 my tutor group 2 my housemates and 3 my d&d group
Welcomed nitpicking, is always welcomed!Yeah maybe Gnosticism needs a bit of bite to it - like at the moment it's a ghost and we gotta put ghost in the machine.
fyi you are replying to a different person lolby "isn't that much" I meant "that much hard" at least compared to the other stuff in the post
Boy goes up to girl: Boy: HiGirl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?Youposter 6621944: I will fuck you.Me: There must be something wrong with this girl. Alright, I'll see you later and let you deal with your things, i'm pretty neurotic already and don't want to be dealing with your shit.Get it? Neuroses in a guy is not attractive - girls are not attracted by neurotic men - you are neurotic. And you feel as if you pity yourself, which feeds the neuroses, making you more neurotic, and you complain more about not having a girlfriend, and you become uglier and more unattractive with every neurotic thought that wonders, no cries 'why haven't I got a girlfriend'/'why haven't I been given a girlfriend' etc. If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.
joyce pls go
I know you meant the difficulty, but when you can't even give me a good answer as to where to look it obviously isn't that easy now is it.
isn't that just one of those things they say to start a conversation and get complimented
I find there's quite a few ghosts skulking around the attic. And as for producing the god from the machine, that's our job, right?
Girl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?it's so hard to find a boyfriendtop kekI know what you mean with my mentality being rotten, but that is only because of recent events: Before that I was positive and went flat on my ass, and now have to start from nowhere since I don't know where to look and saw this one girl as the perfect opporitunity that doesn't come by that often.I'm close to just downloading tindr or whatever
Way too much Gnostic thought has been lost. Plugging the gaps with bits from other religions doesn't cover it.
Again, I wasn't the one who gave you that answer lolBut it isn't that easy, but also not that hard anon. Like, it's probably medium leaning a bit to the hard side.But a lot of the hardship you see in it isn't really there but in your head.
tfw I downloaded tinder and have it on my phone but immediately stopped it from accessing the internet and hid it away because I got scared
I hope you're aware of how vague you come across right?Getting a gf seems to be something you can apply actual strategy to, yet no one has any clear cut answers of where to find one if you don't already know girls.
posts on a meme sitedoesn't like memes
And I don't mean that a girlfriend is something to earn, in a trophy sense as in a prize for good work; more like in the sense that you deserve the friends you have, and that two good friends deserve to be friends and the like. If you're rotten you ain't gonna have good friends!It would work on a case-by-case basis, there are varying factors you'd have to consider about the girls self worth, attractiveness etc. to discern whether she is using it as a play or being genuinely self deprecating; the last thing you want in a girl is self-deprecation. How can you value someone who doesn't value themselves - you can only value someone in spite of their self-deprecation, and most likely wouldn't value them if it weren't for that self-deprecatory streak.It wasn't quoting an actual conversation, more like an unspoken conversation - your sense of self worth sweats out your pores - and often the very being we emanate to others is very different to how we think we seem - if you're desperate, it will show.
If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.Look at this cuck.
memes should only be about trivialities tbh
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about it - she don't know what's going on in her head. You don't know what's going on in your head. Talking about a perfect girl, you don't even know yourself! Just calm -- I'll tell you, and you won't like this, but you're gonna go through potentially quite a lot of relationships, ups and downs, and heartbreaks. Every couple think they're the shit, together forever, and it kills them because it's not true. This baseless hope is almost part of the downfall - learn to chill out a bit and realize you can't depend on others for your happiness - this leads to co-dependence, addictive tendencies, neuroses..
I am and it is intentionally vague except for the last part.But ok, let's try some concreteness lolWhy do you think it's difficult to meet a girl? not even saying get a gf, just meeting the girl, which seems to be your problem.As in, put in words where exactly the difficulty for meeting one is, the best you can.
potentially quite a lot of relationshipsDepends how young you start.
memes help us cope with important matters as well and can be both light-hearted and profound.
Depends how much you wanna worship Satan.
profound memeOnly in the capacity to make us aware of profound things, in which case they are only as good as a roadside ad
Or you could like play girls programming like fiddles.This guy looks happy.He's a good guy?
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about itI am 20she don't know what's going on in her head.Going by her tumblr you might be rightTalking about a perfect girlI didn't say she was perfect, I was saying the situation was, since I don't have any means that I know of to get to meet girls.And don't worry, I don't believe in perfect relationships, I'm more realistic than that.Well I don't have any female friends the girl I was going for ignored my last text, so friends is out of the question I assumeI don't have any hobbies that attract a lot of girls football and video games and even then they have to be single which a lot of women who go out aren't.So this leaves me where to find girls?Give me something concrete.
Let's not go there, man. Each one of us has probably a very polar idea about what that means.
Yep. Nothing means everything.And everything means nothing.Sounds like it's all going tidy doesn't it?
ignored my last textDepending on how long you have been texting that could mean many thingsher tumblrJeezToo late man the scene is oversaturated.
Kinda lost me on that one.
Well of course nothing is in itself profound, the profundity lies in the interaction with the observer. But memes can be just as profound as novels for example. Novels are memes tbh.
not liking the kosher prometheus
mean many thingsWell it was a simple question about movies, I sent her that because she was being cold after she rejected me and I was being a bit more distant as well so I thought I could break the ice with a simple question and then talk further.But she ignored it, add that on top of her being more distant I see it as a clear sign of not wanting to deal with me anymore.And we've been texting for about 2 months, often every daysometimes snapchat instead of textingJeezYeah, goes to show I don't have any crazy standards which is the case with a lot of these tfw no gf types.
Memes operate on many levels and when people discuss /lit/ memes it's usually the self-identified meme. A book is and contains memes true, and can be profound under interpretation, but a lot of books are designed to build a world of non-memes and a persuasive lie is the same as a reality.
My bad I thought you were in school or something, I take it back. Point still stands though - throw your eggs in on basket if you want to feel pain, I mean you could also feel a lot of pleasure, but know if you ever drop that basket - hey, the chicks could even hatch and fly the fuck away - you better be prepared to deal with that hurt, and know you're the one who put them eggs in that basket.I mean yeah, relativism, let's all have different meanings for the same thing - that helps keep data clear and concise doesn't it? It helps when we live in maya - it's like hey I heard you like maya so we got some maya for your maya
Could do with the love
The hurt comes more from the fact that I haven't been this close to a gf in a long time.I had hope for 2 months and then I went back to nothing, it's a harsh thing but I'll manage.Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.
anon last time I had a gf was five years ago and the last time I was interested in someone she completely disappeared from my world just as we were becoming friends so don't take me too seriously.but basically, network. use the groups you are part of to get to events which overlap with other groups and on and on until you find yourself in a crowd which looks like it has potential. You don't have to make friends along the way necessarily.
find some girlsMan they ain't some rare species, you'd apparently be surprised to know they make up about 50% of the human race. Every other person you encounter, could, have, a, vagina.Now, your predicament is the insular nature of humans within a big society - you're considered somewhat weird if you talk to someone you don't know for no particularly good reason, so unless you're James Bond it wouldn't be a good idea to approach girls on the street or in the shop or anything, because you're to conceited already - desperate - your spaghetti would spill tumultuously out of your pockets. Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.Keep up this attitude, in fact you should go to your local nightclub and start shouting this out loud -- it's actually the secret of all time --that's why no one does it - no one knows about it. You're golden OP.. have fun and don't forget your zip ties and lime..
Ok anon, here you go:You probably like something else, you are probably in university, universties have tons of activities, go find something you like and go meet people. Cause it sounds like you are missing a good time there, not even about girls.Go to a party, go to a bar, see some event that you like cause there is bound to be something and call some friends and convince them to go with you.Then go and talk to girls that are there. But don't go as "omg I need to talk to a girl", if you are walking by someone you feel like saying something say something, if it's gonna be a 2 phrase conversation or if you are gonna become good friends or marry, just talk. And talk to guys too anon, cause talking to people is good.If your hobbies doesn't attract girls they probably attract guys that have girls as friends btw.There's probably a girl you see everyday that you wish you could talk to. Protip: you can. Just go there like "ayy grrl I see you everyday around here and I find you very interesting and would like to meet you what do ya say about getting some coffee with me so we can talk bb? ;".Idk anon, go to a fucking starbucks RIGHT NOW and talk some random bullshit with the qt on the line, or ask the qt sitting alone if you can sit with her cause you don't like eating breakfast alone.Just do whatever, you are gonna get "rejected" most of the time, cause guess what, that happens. Just stop been afraid of stuff cause you see girls around everyday and have plenty of opportunities to talk to any and you honestly are probably just afraid of that.If you don't like any of the options here just put your creativity into coming up in something instead of memeing on a chinese lit board for a day.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?
And also next time you are texting a girl sometimes everyday sometimes not only text but snapchat, plz ask her out in less than 2 months anon.
At least you're texting girls. I have no idea how to get hold of a girl's number.
Well, different people have different experiences and through those end up with a different explanations. I'm not really keen on relativism...but that's just the way it seems to be. I'm pretty sure could argue well for my case, phillosophicaly, historicaly or otherwise...but that's not the proper way. I don't want to rob anyone of the experience, and without it there can be a backlash, enantiodomea.The maya thing seems to be real. What can I say? If you're happy with your well-ordered universe, enjoy it. And don't read Sartre.
Nice vague response my friend, you could have condensed it to 2 lines but instead decided to watse your time making it longer.uniI am actually in a garbage school called MBO in the netherlands, it has no clubs of any sorts which is a bummer, I often wish I was born in america just for this.cause talking to people is good.I should absolutely work on that, and don't worry about me coming across as desperate, I only do that on the internet.starbucksDecent advise, when i look at other people and my friend they often make small talk with whoever, when I tend to keep to myself.I thought it was just an insignificant difference between me and other people, but something small like that could perhaps change the negative outlook I have on people in generalwhich makes itunconciouslyharder for me to connect to peopleguess what, that happensI did try to see this latest rejection as something good, instead of waiting and regretting not having tried anything, I went for it and failed, at least I have a clean concious now.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?It is, thanks for your post, it's a quality one.She actually got my number, but I was in your situation as well before and probably am going to be for a while now.We did go on ''sort of'' dates, she asked me out for milkshakes and I actually went to her home town once.I don't know what made her lose interest, maybe she'd just crazy.I went sort of slow with a reason though, she only just turned 18 and had admitted to being a virgin, so I thought maybe if I went too fast I'd scare her off.
ITT guys need to learn that women are people too.
 1. dfw is nothing more than a memeWHAT DID YOU JUST SAY? everybody loves themselves some buzzwordslots of humanities students here indeed john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoyingno, that is genre fictionjohn green is just laughable in way more different levels existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.can't argue with that
They're actually aliens
Cool idea, someone pass that to David Icke, I'm sure he can patch a decent theory or two out of that.
you could have come up with an interesting and original response. I feel devalued by this one.
Good.
typical feminist :
well-ordered universeLook at this ugly piece of shit universe, look at it m8.It looks like a glitterball sharted.;You don't have to argue anything, but to outright say 'No discussion' 'Agree to disagree' does no body any good - for example I'd like to learn, learn from you, and in return, I don't know if you'd like to learn from me, but I could sure help flesh out your ideas with my own personal experience. To deny that would be to feed close-mindedness, and ignorance; at the same though: One is at leisure and can discuss whatever the fuck it is one wants :
Uhh, sure. But there's a few certain phrases that usually don't indicate a potential to a great discussion, e.g. 'worship Satan'.
What's your beef with Satanism?
My tone is constantly sardonic - don't be afrayed nao.
The adversary of infinite if finite - anything finite is satan.But it's a whole fucking lot more complicated than that, and I can't tell whether I've upset some people by talking about it.
You can smash a guitar to bits - will sound cease?
What percentage of posts on this board are sincere? For me it is about 80%
what do you call it when you ironically read new sincerity?
It doesn't fucking matter what's on my mind. That's what's on my mind.
Booms
Memes.
YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAAATIFÚ ALAA YAYA VLATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALVYA LATIFÚ YA LVATIFÚ ALAAAA YA LATIFÚ YAV LATIFÚ ALAVATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚVA LATIFÚ ALAA V
I am afraid of losing her even though I've lost her already.
I just need this goddam internship
I'm forced onto some kind of productive path where I actually think and reflect, I see no opportunities in the near futute for me to actually actI'm not going to lower myself into contacting her after what she did and, for momentum's sake, I shouldn't anyway, I'm mostly done with my friends and I'm nowhere near comfortable enough to express some of the more anti social facets of myself to strangers. Or even meet new people for that matterI want nothing more than for a little baby not literally to be mine. But I don't see that as a possibility any time soon, as I can't connect with new peopleI feel I've swollowed my pride enough for this year, for this girl, for my divinity. And I've spent enough enough time alone for this half centuryFuck it, I'll go back to action. Doing is funner
All I need is to love and be loved.Still, I must be doing something wrong, bc I still feel empty at the end of the day, or when I'm alone.
happiness is only relevant when one is alive, I'll be dead before forever. I was saying happiness doesn't matter now because your happiness didn't matter when you were not born yet, like it won't matter when you die.
I want to be loved again or die.
You will literally never be in the state of death.
Are you me? I have barely had any slept for the last 5 days, and I'm already feeling my sanity slipping away. Fucking finals, man.
Loving you is loving a mythological figure.Is like kissing a stone, or a cloud.I am like a scientist, and you are like a really pretty rock, like a sapphire or whatever. You are like a machine, an incredibly complex series of gears, some so large I am always looking at them, and some so small I will never see them.I want to understand how the machine operates. I want to become you in a moment, press my face against yours, the face of the gear, I mean, and not let go until this process has allowed me to understand you completely, which, of course, it never will. I'm lying to myself when I say it will help me understand you. I want it to help me understand you, and I want to understand you, but what I really want is to be /with/ you. I want it to be undeniable. I want our relationship to be such that any reasonable onlooker could only logically conclude that you and I are TOGETHER. I want you to say that I am with you, and I want to say to you that I am with you and you don't leave, but you are always leaving, you are the INVENTOR of leaving, and I am the inventor of being alone. I want to be with you in such a way that the part of me which cries out when we separate is assuaged entirely. I want that part to die, because it has no reason to exist anymore.You are a frog and I won't forgive myself until I dissect you, because you have a part of me, and you're keeping it in the bulge underneath your mouth and every once in a while you croak and I can see you still have it and I don't want it back. Loving you is complicated but I can't stop trying.
is that her? she is very cute. don't you hate when they're cute, like goddamnit just be ugly and hateable so I can move on
not having the cynical powers to make everyone hateable on command
I was a failure in gymnasium, barely passed. My basic allgemeinbildung general knowledge I guess? is absolute trash.I am quite honestly, fucking dumb and I know little of anything outside my little comfort zones.What are some of the best sites that aim to teach, teach in general or about certain subjects? I know Wikipedia has good articles, but there isn't a teaching/guiding POV in there - it's just database of information.
What's your goal? What are your interests?
Goal to know and understand.interestsI have my few, select interests covered somewhat. It's not those areas I lack, that much. FWIW it's weight training, law, technical aspects of shooting a movieAnything teaching goes. Give me a site that teaches me to fix Golf R32 and I'm happy. Give me a site that tries to make one understand physics and I'm happy, or one that aims to make you a michelin chef. I feel so fucking stupid and useless with my shit for brains around other people unless we talk about the few things I know little of, listed in spoilers.
basically /r/equesting all sorts of educational links, websites, videos whatnot..
Also wenn es um /lit/ geht, guck dir mal auf Youtube Denker des Abendlandes an. Das sollte schon mal reichen um in den meisten Philosophie-threads mitreden zu können.
I'm looking through a wider scope, not restricted to philosophy and its thinkers.
Are you a law student?
Lawyer in a slav shit country.
bump, surely /lit/ must've got collected educational link pasta?
I'm assuming you already know stuff like Khan Academy and Crash Course?
I didn't, thanks. I don't browse much Youtube.
can learn anything here.
This and Khan look neat, just what I was looking for.
radio in our times is pretty good
Many people through history would kill for this.magnet:?xt=urn:btih:TXKRE6SU3MQ4ZYHYLMOLKZXX4RFCFZJV&dn=Everything%20You%20Need%20to%20Know%20Ever&tr=http%3a%2f%2fannounce.torrentsmd.com%3a6969%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.istole.it%3a80&tr=udp%3a%2f%2fopen.demonii.com%3a1337%2fannounce&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.openbittorrent.com%3a80&tr=udp%3a%2f%2ftracker.publicbt.com%3a80
Not exactly what I was looking for, but okay. Sure I take it.
A pastiche of /pol/, /k/ and /x/. How amusing
Sweet, thanks.
coursera.org
Not that anon, but stop being a crook and everything will turn out fine.
wenn du Mathe oder Wissenschaft lernen möchtest, finde ich Khan Academy das Beste. However if you develop a keener interest in those areas, you'll need more resources. /sci/ is pretty shit, but their sticky has good resources. Liest du viel? Warum hast du /lit/ gefragt? Wo wohnst du?
I wouldn't worry too much. Most people don't know much either.Just get better at faking being knowledgeable and you should do fine.
I don't want to anymore.
crashcourse is fucking shit, don't go thereYale and MIT two of the best american universities publish free recordings of some of their lectures, you maybe be able to find some german onesAlso, for learning straight facts there is nothing better than Wikipedia. Just start somewhere, something you wondered earlier in the day and fall down the rabbit hole for a few hours.
I skipped CrashCourse, but KhanAcademy is good so far. English lectures are perfectly fine too, as long as they aren't too in-depth about advanced topic, might miss too much. Thanks for letting me know, I didn't consider they would - aren't they expensive private universities?
Клaдим ce дa cи Cpбин.

i think they are private, and yes, very expensive. And most of the free courses are beginner courses so they won't have intricate field specific language.
Thanks. That's great. How come these sites aren't more well known? Information for free. I guess Wikipedia is easier for lot of people.
You don't actually learn all that much from watching a lecture, or browsing a wikipedia article for that matter.It'll do wonders for those who want to pretend to be knowledgable though.
Of course you need to read about the subject further more, and revise the topic - but having a information structured in an educational way and purpose in lecture owuld be nice.
those who want to pretend to be knowledgable like you are doing now? What if the lecture sparks an interest in a previously unknown subject to the listener, same with the wikipedia article, and they then search it for more depth. You can't be inspired by unknown unknowns. Instead of discouraging people, either give recs or fuck off.
How come these sites aren't more well known?it seems to me that most people go to school because they are too lazy to learn on their own. Therefore they wouldn't care about ways to learn on their own
if you want to know everything about culture, history and art ill recommend youSchwanitz - Bildung
What is Murakami's worst book?
Alle.
this is his moby dickit's the one he's going to be remembered forhis one-way ticket into the canon
Why do you say that? I tried reading it and I couldn't get into it, unlike some of his other books.I thought Kafka on the Shore and Wind-Up Bird were both better
It's a toss up between OP and pic related for me.They're both bad for the same reasons though. Each is like a caricature of the magical realism he executed decently in Wind Up Bird. And both have really shitty female characters because he can't write women worth a damn unless they're manic pixie dream girls like in Norwegian Wood.
You are a bunch of unmotivated, idle asses. I'm here to change that.Here is the definitive "get off your lazy ass" reading listKierkegaard - The Sickness Unto Death Kierkegaard - The Seducer's Diary Kierkegaard - Works of LoveNietzsche - On the Genealogy of MoralsNietzsche - Thus Spoke Zarathustra Nietzsche - The Gay Science Sartre - The Age of ReasonBeauvoir - The Ethics of Ambiguity Montaigne - Essays Epictetus - Complete Tolstoy - The Kingdom of God Is Within YouFreud - Civilization and its Discontents Rimbaud - A Season in Hell Whitman - Leaves of Grass If this doesn't work for you, nothing will.In before memes and wannabe contrarians. You are all stupid, don't even try to fucking debate me.
EDGY
he doesn't even understand that kierkegaard is just one of /lit/s favorite memes and not to be taken serious
I LIKE SOME OF THOSE BOOKS BUT NOT ALL OF THEM AND SOME OF THEM I DON'T EVEN KNOW AND ALSO I LIKE SOME OTHER BOOKS AND FUCK YOU FOR DISREGARDING THOSE
he derives his opinions from memes how much of a braindead hick are you?
Hey /lit/ do you think it's rational to quit a safe full-time job 8:30 - 5:30 in order to write a novel that you are very confident about and excited by?What jobs do other aspiring writers here have?
And when I say quit I mean in order to work part-time instead, not become NEET.
Not if you need the money from the job to eat. I'm writing and only work a job sporadically, but I'm rich. Nigga's gotta eat.
but I'm richDon't know that feel unfortunately. What are you writing?
I agree with this. If you can live off of your part time income or have some other way to survive, do it.
that's something only you can figure out for yourself. if I quit or even worked fewer hours, I wouldn't be able to afford the paper to write on.
Sometimes ya gotta do what ya gotta do...
40 years oldwriting a ya sci-fi epic......... :\
I live in a major city where rent is cucking me hard anyway so I would have to move away or live in a squat or some shit if I work part-time. My only fear is being stuck in shitty, unskilled work until my death if I fail to publish not that that will necessarily make much money, but will at least justify my povertyI know I can't exactly make a decision based solely on this thread but I'm in a situation where I'm working 45 hours a week at 24 years old in a small company where my attention is required pretty much all day because the team is so small. The benefit is that my wage and "status" will rise with the company, but that my focus on writing will decrease simultaneously. I don't want to be a fool who idolizes getting published and either fails to do so or overestimates the time required I've worked full-time for around two years now straight out of college and who gets stuck in a situation that I found it very hard to get out of i.e. unemployment when I was initially looking for a job. What work do you do and where do you live? More detail the better.
Realistically, would you use / do you need the extra time to write? Myself, I lose creative stamina after a few hours, so job or no job my output would be roughly the same.
Hey gas-kun I'm a regular poster in your threads. Hope all is well with you dude. Any progress recently? Also don't you work full-time too?
And war fiction.
I honestly think I would. Right now I have a week off work and these last couple of days I have been focused on my work in a way I haven't been when trying to find the alertness to write these past months. And it's not as if I can just drink more coffee or whatever since I get home after 9 or so hours of paying attention to data and kind of technical stuff and my brain sort of relaxes, even after I nap and try and relax. I am rather hard on myself and others and so I am prone to thinking I'm being a bitch, but researching other writers I have compiled a list of what many successful writers were doing when writing their first book and almost all of them were either out of work or working part-time.
Changing up from space operas. Gonna try the schizo/inter dimensional/godhead/both hemispheres of the brain talking at the same time/Phillip k dick shit. Yeah working full time. Gonna try and change up. There's an opening for a metal baler position with a company that pays 40-60k I might take. May become baler-kun
I work at Subway, live in East TN. my manager is also my live-in gf so when she needs help, I have to help. normally I work about 30-35 hours a week, but recently the gf had surgery, so I've been running the store, working 40 a week. either way, by the time I get home, I am tired as fuck and do not feel like writing. I totally understand when folks say they can't focus on their art or whatever because their shitty job wears them out.however, all I have to do is remind myself I work at Subway for god's sake, which is a pretty good motivator even at the end of a long, shitty day. also, thankfully, my gf likes the fact that I have something I'm passionate about, and leaves me alone most of the time when I am trying to write. so tl;dr, I'd stick it out as long as you can, although I totes understand the time/energy-suck factor. if it sounds like something you can do, allow the frustration to make your writing penis that much harder.
East TNMy husband and I had this favorite Subway guy at the Powell location but then we found out he quit. Sad day.
no it's fucking retarded as shitdon't quit your day jobjust write in your off timeit really isn't that hardas for day job I work 9 to 5 at a digital agency as a web developerthe workload fluctuates a lotlike today I did maybe two hours of work and spent the rest of the time reading grapes of wrath
I'M A GIIRRRRRRRRRRRL BY THE WAY
don't quit your jobtoday I did two hours of workFuck off
/b/
At forty years old you should have enough life experience for a knausgaard length literary opus. What the fuck are you doing?
Well, your glassy eyed mother for starters, that cheap whore.
Come on gas-kun, don't sink that low. The guy isn't even being hostile.
Hey OP have you tried pulling a Kafka/Faulkner and staying up all night and neglecting your health to write your masterpiece?I mean Faulkner stayed up writing As I lay Dying til like 4 am every night and then went to work at a power plant in the morning.Here's what he said on economic freedom:No. The writer doesn’t need economic freedom. All he needs is a pencil and some paper. I’ve never known anything good in writing to come from having accepted any free gift of money. The good writer never applies to a foundation. He’s too busy writing something. If he isn’t first rate he fools himself by saying he hasn’t got time or economic freedom. Good art can come out of thieves, bootleggers, or horse swipes. People really are afraid to find out just how much hardship and poverty they can stand. They are afraid to find out how tough they are. Nothing can destroy the good writer. The only thing that can alter the good writer is death. Good ones don’t have time to bother with success or getting rich. Success is feminine and like a woman; if you cringe before her, she will override you. So the way to treat her is to show her the back of your hand. Then maybe she will do the crawling.From: 
It definitely isn't rational but being irrational, impractical, and illogical is the whole point of doing something like that.
Romanticized bologna.
Kafka / FaulknerOP here, and I see these examples repeated all the time. KafkaKafka worked long hours 8-6 until he was around 24/25, at which point he was so frustrated that he moved jobs and worked from 8am - 1pm and had the rest of the day to write.FaulknerI assume you're not referring to the years Faulkner claimed to work three days a month to afford his rent and so on, and are reffering instead to the time he worked at the power plant while writing As I Lay Dying. Even then he only worked for an hour, loading the furnace before the firemen on duty fell asleep and he wrote or read for six hours without interruption, sometimes using the upturned wheelbarrow as a desk.
No it is completely irrational. The odds are obviously against you. Your book has very little chance of even being read in its entirety by a publisher, and if it is, it will most likely be deemed not worthy.If it is somehow published, the chances that it will be successful enough to replace a full time salary including, I assume, benefits and a retirement plan are slim to none.If you don't mind the potential for homelessness, severely disappointing your friends and family, and bankruptcy, then go for it. Working a full time job doesn't even inhibit you from writing your novel. Cut out some wasted time  like /lit/  and you'll be able to write a solid two hours a day during the week, and however much time you want to dedicate to it on the weekend.
I get what you mean but irrational decisions like that, while being great in the short-term, can also lead I fear to major regret and feelings of self-loathing. I try to act as logically as I can and though I don't value hard work for the sake of it as others seem to do I'm also terrified of being NEET or having to be thirty years old serving burritos to college kids.
tfw you realize the majority of writers from your country are from middle-class background where they can afford not to work or can spend as long as they like in educationI only found out the other day that Tao Lin lived in an apartment in New York that his parents owned and didn't have to pay much rent in his early twenties. Pretty jelly overall.
There are no rational goals. What one desires is per definition irrational. Reason does not drive. Ratio is a tool that helps accomplish irrational purposes.So the question is: What do you want the most?If you establish that, you can go about setting out the path with the highest probability of succeeding at that.
It's a confusing feel and is too much for a lot of people. I'd probably be a shit head if I'd grown up around other rich families and their kids instead of out in the country.I'm writing a novel about a comedian along the lines of Sam Hyde who wraps himself up in delusions of his own genius until he's exposed to someone who inadvertently shows him that he's just unhappy and not that special.
But what if the path with the highest probability is likely to give way and send me cartwheeling down the side of a mountain I will struggle to even begin climbing again? Seems like a huge risk considering the state of the novel in 2015.
So an autobio?
OP, if you are gonna work half time and earn enough to survive then DO IT. Specially while you are young and can still do it I'm assuming you are responsible only for yourself right now.And most importantly do it while you are still "excited by"!You are not gonna die and even if it all fails it will be a goo experience. GO FOR IT.
Work full timeRead at least two hours a dayJust got inspired to write my first novel7000 words down in 3 daysWork 8.5 hours a day + 1 hour travel + 1 hour getting ready in the morningtry and sleep either 7.5 or 6 hours a nightI need to write more instead of sitting here posting.Someone tell me to get my arse back to my novel.
That depends on how much you're willing to sacrifice to get what you want. Are you willing to risk the cartwheel? If yes proceed, if no do not.
Hey man thanks for the reply nice trips also. Can I ask what your situation is and what your ambitions are?Also I'm in a very weird position because I'm basically working for a small company that is growing fast and will be sold in like 5 years, meaning I will make a lot of money that my humanities-based skillset should have prevented me from making. I don't want to sound materialistic but I'm also not so naive as to not realize what this money could mean in terms of security, buying a place of my own etc. I hope it doesn't sound like I'm trying to justify indecision or something, and I do find posts like yours very rousing, but I know what publishing is like in 2015 and I know what the job market is like also. I don't want to end up like Ignatius Reilly minus the love interest or like the author of the novel in which he features, who thought his life was a failure when nobody would publish his book and gassed himself after several years trying to publish it albeit with the best publishers in the country
get writing normie
My bad. You're right.
excited byIrrelevant.in order to write a novel that you are very confident aboutIf you had anything published before and can certainly expect to get this one published because you still have contacts in the industry, yeah.If not...Well, you probably live in a first world country, so won't die without a job anyway, why the fuck not. Just not very rational, given how your financial situation will suffer most likely.Good quote is good.
I am willing to risk climbing a more complex path, sure. But again publishing today isn't like it was when Mishima quit his job at the Japanese Finance Ministry because he "couldn't keep two streams [his work and his writing] flowing at the same time", or when Dostoevsky lived like a bum albeit with the help of his family's money in old Russia, or when Turkey's national novelist lived with his mother for twelve years while writing his debut novel, or when Raymond Carver could drive from place to place finding work quite easily as a book editor or an overnight watchman, or when Houllebeq came out of a voluntary stay at a mental hospital and was able to find an easy job working basic computer repairs at a time when nobody had computer skills. Again I may sound like I'm setting up my own hurdles but these hurdles do exist and I think it would be naive and retrospectively depressing if I didn't at least acknowledge them.
NormieThere's times I wish I was a normie, I think if I could go back five years and stop myself from finding 4chan, though, I wouldn't.
If you're that neurotic about money I'd say don't do it. Will you actually be able to concentrate on it while you're worrying about failing that much?
excited byYeah I know that is irrelevant, typed without thinking. Though I do mean it and I can articulate my confidence if need be.
Obviously aspects of the relationships in my novel are influenced by things I've seen and experienced, but no I don't have much in common with the character or Sam. If anything, that character is based on a friend of mine from high school.
You're right. Tell ya what , Pick two numbers. The first should be between 1-11 the other should be between 1-350
I've been a welfare NEET for the last three years, more people have access to free money today than in any other time in history.

It's not free, it's my tax dollars
It's just that I'm acutely aware of what the job market is like, and what it is like for a humanities graduate, and what the stereotype is for humanities graduates who think they are special snowflakes who can't be expected to work etc. I don't mind ridicule but since I have zero friends and am generally very hard on myself I think it's likely that my mental health will suffer whether I try and prevent it or not. I think I will be able to concentrate on working but the truth is that there are many hours in a day and even if I'm energetic and so on right now there will be long periods in which I begin to question why it's so important for me to get published and questioning my motivations for doing so etc just like I do now at times.I don't want to be a needy guy who seeks instant succeed and whose impatience leads to a life of financial insecurity and regret. Saying all that, I have read the books my contemporaries are publishing in my country and the majority of them suck dick so hard that it makes me extremely motivated to write something knowing what the quality of their work and the poverty of their expression is like.
which country do you live in?
Sounds like me tbhWhere are you from?
It's free to me.
You know what I find funny about this post is that Houellbeq, who I admire both as a writer and as a person who has been through shit and come out the other side, writes in his manifesto that aspiring writers should take full advantage of the welfare state because they are "sacred parasites" and should feel no guilt in benefiting at the expense of a decadent society.
the NEET has time to dream up incredibly unlikely scenarios involving his alpha male neighbors.Really put it into perspective for me.
It's pretty much state patronage, except they have no control over what you write or if you even write at all.
So guys can indirectly mention they're guys but girls can't? My post wasn't even about me being a girl.
What part sounds like you? I'm from Alabama.
logic4chanREEEEEEE
Why not just say 'I had a favourite subway'? Why do you need to define yourself by your spouse on a cantonese card collectors collective?
Do it, just to have done it.
Retarded logic bro. Plenty of people from my childhood did exactly that in different ways and are now in positions I am so glad I didn't allow myself to be in.

where do i start with houellebecq?
By checking the archive, faggot.
whatever?
Makes a lot of sense, I don't see why someone with artistic aspirations would not a NEET in the contemporary first world.
Guilt, mang. Disappointment and guilt.
fuck outta here bitch
But guilt and disappointment breed good art. Just go on the dole and write about how your inner protestant is killing you.
I ain't going on welfare buddy. Been there, done that, experienced the crushing guilt and desperation
What do you feel guilty about? It's 2015, it's literally impossible for every person to contribute economically, we've become too efficient.
So you gave up your individuality because you have a man now? This is why women aren't taken seriously.
tfw when writing a war fiction novelY..you too
saying this reveals that you don't have the slightest fucking clue how economics actually works
Explain to me how I'm wrong and how there are useful paying jobs for literally everyone in the first world.
bright lights flash in my eye vision, I am unknown and unaware of the light in my face. does it have a face also, we are all faces without names. the stars shine on my unlit face with unlit eyes and I am shamed in light.R8 my righting bros!
write during the nights
I challenge you: find a flaw in Stirner's philosophy.
didn't have funny stirner cartoons in the book 7/10 i was disappointed
philosophyis a spook
actually trying with the people on this website
The idiots who read it obviously don't understand it. That's a pretty big flaw, quite frankly.
i won't say what it is though!!Kek, dismissed.
this isn't trying. this is the memeevery stirner thread is something like this.
spooki thread OP
mfw I left the freezer door open and the motor brokemfw the freezer was a mere spook
everything must be summarizablefuck off
empty criticism is valid leave me alone i don't have to explain myself
Well this was a very very weird read.literally no female characters in the entire book, lots of shakespeare level writing, very dark, and tons of gay implications, on top of chapters and chapters of encyclopedia knowledge on whales.i guess its what i should expect from a /lit recomendation.
a group of grown men out hunting a sperm whale called moby dick.They even call the oil from the whales sperm, so have barrels of sperm on the boat and have to get together as a group of men and run there hands through the barrels of sperm until they cant tell what is sperm and what is another mans hands.t t thanks /lit for the recomendation.
literally no female characters in the entire bookimplying this is in any way bad or inaccurate to 19th century whaling ships lots of shakespeare level writing,dense prose much like arguably the most notable writer in human history is a toll on the bookvery darkI like my books to be cheery and high-spirited :tons of gay implicationsI'm a homophobe
Yes, but did you like it?Because, if you didn't, you should re-read it -- not as a /lit recommended "great work of literature," but as an amazing story, filled with the best writing in American lit.
the actual story was awesome, especially the last few hundred pages where it got really dark.
where it got really dark.where it got really dank*
literally no female charactersWhat about Charity? She's the only one deserving of her name.
Modern literature would benefit substantially from less female characters
Ficciones just knocked the wind out of me. Are there any good resources to read up on to decipher this?
decipherFiccionesReading may not be for you.
Just the obvious name drops.If you google something that only brings you back to Borges, that would be a ficcione, of course.
Deciphering a book about the uncountable, unnameable, unreachable, unreal and, yes, undecipherable.Yeeeeeeeah, not going to happen.
Just have fun with the stories! Ask yourself what Borges accomplishes by writing in such a strange way check the prologue, and what themes are universal across each piece. There are complicated things like references, but a majority of them are not necessary for a basic understanding of the book.
Just the obvious name drops.And those are..?
Borges isnt Pynchon, there isnt a sea of obscure references. If there's a reference to a name you dont get, he made it up
Judas?Asterion?Doesn't he bring up Averroes somewhere?
Most of the stories have Wikipedia/Sparknotes/other similar sites talking about them. All but a couple are pretty straightforward when you have them explained to you, or at least their major themes and allusions are easy to explain.
Conference of the Birds is real, fwiwAlso Tlön,U,OT is about faschism/communismOther than that it's all self-explanatory
These, OP. Borges is playful, inventive, fun. Don't ruin your reading experience by going at his stories academically. Also, I thin El Aleph and The Book of Sand are even better that Ficciones, so you're in for a hell of a ride.Try and get your hand on as many Norman Thomas di Giovanni volumes they are out of print - search the internet and go to used book stores as you can. They are twice as good as anything else out there.
nah man, Tlon, U, OT is an inverted history of western philosophy
I'd say follow the references. Everyone Borges mentions is well worth reading and will help enlighten Borges's stories.
Why do you read, anon?
I want to know things.
I don't know.
it fills the gaps in my days and my character
Because I hate myself and want to become a flawlessly intelligent being. I'm not making any progress so I guess it is just a habit now. I'll die alone with a book in my hand.
Because I've become a reclusive faggot who's grown weary of his own faggotry.
hey it's youI've been trying to find youIt's that one anon that wanted to read House of Leaves
it's sitting behind me right now, mocking me, taking up the space of 3 good books i don't remember if i asked, do you have skype or something? i can get it to you some time this week, probably
In order to become a cultured patrician.
foi pouco
To feel cultured.
I do not. I watch lectures and conferences on the topic that I like, because it is easier to convey ideas and make them understood trhough speeches than through writing.
You need to read in order to be a proper human being and I also congratulate myself on reading more in a week than most Americans read in a year in order to deal with my hellish life.
You need to read in order to be a proper human beingWhere do you guys get this stuff? I bet you also think "the unexamined life is not worth living". Undergrad cliches 101.
"I just came here for the free lunch."Actually Dorian, I read to identify and make use of concepts I would not have been able to come up with on my own.
gotta fill the time between faps with something
To fuck bitches and get money.
Power Transcendence
The Symbols on the page merge with my face and I become beautiful from its interaction.
it's programming.coffehand can you really? that'd be so absolutely fantastic
y'know that kinda shit was in this writing exercises book I got that was written by these two old 50+ certainly white women
I saw this before in some other threadrecently; of course, written by you, all the same,and I thought then as now that it's actuallyquite nice. I haven't consumed enough beauty, I suppose, to judge it as shit, yet.
yeah, i'll email you in a minute
did you create bitcoinmaybe
I don't
because escapism with the excuse of learning. video games make me feel stupid for the most part. drugs help me have more fun reading.
, 
Our world is but one of a plurality of worlds, all equally actual and real. Every way that a possible world could bei s a way that some part of some world is.Hm, that seems like a pretty radical notion, how do you know these worlds exist?B-becaaause, IT WOULD BE PHILOSOPHICAL PARADISE FOR MY MODAL LOGIC AND THAT IS A SUFFICIENT REASON FOR BELIEVING IN ITWhat the fuck is wrong with David Lewis?
What's with the immense butthurtage?lol seriously? If you'd posted like a normal person, I might have responded. But no. You suck. Naughty. Go home.
If you'd posted like a normal personlol seriously?But no. You suck. Naughty. Go home.The safe bet is that you have nothing informative to say about this or any other topic.
I'll bet you 50 quid you're wrong. Nice thread btw,
He looks like a super nice guy
You realize the burden of proof is on you now?
this board is getting shittier every day, It has never been good, though.
all these incredulous stares
something to do with counterfactual conditionals in natural sciencesif you want to their logic seriously, you need possible worlds
Nice strawman.
In what way is it a strawman?
fucking /lit/ continental plebs interpreting lewis and his defense of modal realism as a metaphysical claim and not just a suggestion to help anchor reference with regards to modality in natural language, similar to mathematical realismthese cunts couldn't understand 99.999999% of his work because they can't even do classical logicthey will legitimately never read any of his work, and end up publishing books titled "[Insert Movie Title] and Philosophy"
nothing you said seems right, and you're way too mad to talk to
Modal realism is undeniably a metaphysical claim. You can't claim "all possible worlds are concrete" without making a metaphysical claim.
Read more.
Good response. In what way is Modal Realism not making a metaphysical claim when it adds infinite concrete worlds to our ontology?
our ontology?lel embarrassing.
I have no idea what is wrong with that.Our ontology = the things which we posit to exist.Posit that something exists = ontological claim.Ontology = branch of metaphysics Modal Realism = Metaphysical claimI cannot believe you think Modal Realism isn't a metaphysical claim, the clue is in the fucking name.Stick to Nietzsche and Stirner, you clearly have no idea what you're talking about.
From On the Plurality of Worlds: It is an existential claim, not unlike the claim I would be making if I said that there were Loch Ness monsters, or Redmoles in the CIA, or counterexamples to Fermat's conjecture, or seraphim.existential claimnot a metaphysical claimno
the guy has a bug up his butt about "continentals" and how they "don't know logic"typical undergrad tyradetake a metatheory course and then you get to pretend you've read Being and Time
Fuck. I've always wanted to pretend I've read Being and Time.

Tfw having read Being and Time
I have been trying to find new authors lately and after searching way too much tonight I decided to ask you fucks.Also a list of who I found, are they any good?R. K. Narayan-Malgudi Days, The Financial ExpertAhmed Ali-Twilight in DelhiJhumpa Lahiri-The LowlandRafael Yglesias-A Happy MarriageAlex Shakar-LuminariumPhilipp Meyer-The Son, American RustJenny Erpenbeck-The End of Days
The book you last read describes your sex life.What was it?
A Clockwork Orange, bit rough.
Civil Disobediencefuck me
Homotopy type theory
Tristia, or Lamentations, by Ovid. Seems about right.
Theodor Mommsen's History of Rome Book IV
Gulliver's travels, bit freaky, I guess.
A book called You Should Stop Posting You Fuggen Redditor
the woman in the dunesi couldn't even appreciate the pathos of the book because i had dfw no gf so bad i just wish i was stuck down there in that hole
Candide lmao
Evelinechoice
Lolitatfw it's right
Les Miserables...Toothless blowjobs?
Asphyxiante culture by Dubuffet.mhmm, weird.
Moneymight as well happen if i get desperate enough
Lady Chatterley's LoverOh, if only.
the sun also rises
Robinson Crusoe;
Siddhartha.achieve enlightenment through contemplation of a riversit on the edge of a mass of flowing and undulating pussysounds about right.
The Emperor's New Mind
The Idiot.
Lolita #1Lolita #2Lolita #3shit's so cash
I would fuck those tight tadpole slits so fucking hard. Find out if tadpoles can bleed- If you get me.
100 Years of Solitude;_;
Infinite JestDamn...
FrankensteinSpot on
The Sorrow of Belgium :
Sounds hot and disgusting at the same time
The seven pillars of wisdom.A gay orgy with old grey haired academics comes to mind.
The road.
Fear and Trembling
biology of microorganismsmust be referring to my penis
top kekI'm reading History of ancient greecefeels like a pederast
What is philosophy? by D&GYup, pretty much. tfw Truth is a woman and she won't let me into her bedroom ;_;
fuck, same here
The sound and the Fury lolzorzroflbbq
Long Walk to Freedom - Nelson Mandela.
The Loeb Classical Library's "Greek Anthology"Vol. 1, Book VErotic EpigramsClose call. I'd been reading "The Sorrows of Young Werther" earlier last night...
The Ego and Its Own. Masturbation is my property.
After many a Summer dies the Swan. Fitting title, because my love life is dying.
tfw the last book I read actually was "The Ego and its Own" because of I wanted to understand /lit/ memesMy sex life is very individualistic... Right now I'm reading "Homage to Catalonia" so maybe I'll get to fug a Catalan qt?
on the other hand:Siddhartha.reject asceticism and, so as to be experienced in the ways of the world, be taught in the ways of love by a mistresswhat joyous dreams
The Ego and Its Own
I dodged a bullet there.I finished that book before reading lolita.
Popular Music From Vittulamh, bretty gud
The insights of solitude. Masturbation all the way.Not a big deal btw i support late virginity.
Something to Be Desired
The OdysseyMy wife may be cucking me, but on the other hand I get to have loads of sex with beautiful nymphs and witches. Not really complaining.
mfw The Foundation makes good use of technology miniturization
The Notebook, The Proof, The Third LieFugg :D How I wish this weren't accurate
the greek mythsso i guess i either rape a bunch of people or get raped by a bunch of people
Heart of a Dog. Pretty good actually.
Childhood's EndGuess I won't be a virg much longer
MetamorphosisIm not a real bug but except that its pretty accurate.
Yesssss.The Garden of Eden.
On The RoadCool
Waiting for GodotPerfect fit to be honest.
Less than zero.Truth hurts :/
Totem and taboo my sex life scaries me
Revival
I'm not even joking: The Left Hand of Darkness. It's accutate too.
Stoner
AIDS And Its Metaphors.
Underrated post
Dubliners. The Dead, specifically.So I guess I get really horny and prepare to fuck, but end up thinking about death and get too sad to be in the mood anymore. Seems accurate.
the fountainhead
Man, that's rough.
Apathy and other Small Vctories.
Mr Norris changes trainsGuess I'm into sado-masochism
It was legitimately moby dick ;
The Double.not sure what to make of that
Utopia
Pedro Páramo
Brothers cuckamazov
I don't really know what this says about mine but I know it's bad.
The Sun Also RisesPretty accurate.
Lenin and Philosophy and other Essays.Eh...what?
fuck yeah
Small Gods.
The feels man
You don't have a pee pee?
the sun also risesdamned impotence
Who is this _____ _____?
History of the Peloponnesian WarThats not funny at all actually
A severely disfigured shut-in who runs a play-by-mail role playing gameFuck
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolffml
A Franzen short story about a loser in East Germany who murders the abusive stepdad of a sexy teenager and doesn't get any thank you pussy.I'm such a cuck
Critique of Pure Reasonlol idk
The Stranger. but what does that mean in regards to sex
The book of negroes
All quiet on the Western Front, yep more or less
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX and the Quest for a Fantastic FutureSounds right
Invisible by Paul Auster[Spoiler?] Apperantly i fuck 10/10 french chicks, and get to have sex whit my own sister [Spoiler?]
Me tooIt actually describes mine perfectly
had to
As a man thinketh.
Love in the Time of CholeraI don't have a qt perfect wife like Dr. Urbino nor have I banged anywhere near as many girls as Florentino Ariza :-
History of magic. whelp.
Trips! i win.
Hegel SelectionsWell, all sexuality and sex is dialectical, so...
Childhood's EndI lost my virginity 2 months ago so for once this kind of thread produces as valid metaphor for me.
lost my virginity 2 months agoHow'd that go?
From Bismarck to Hitlergetting nastier
Notes from the underground
Ulyssestfw cuck
A personal matter by kenzaburo oeas in none of your fucking business m8sget cucked
No longer humanFuck a lot of whores? Not bad but hopefully I don't fail my suicide
The Occult Roots of NazismMy dick is an object of veneration by white men with an phobia of getting cuck'd.I call it, the Great White.
In Storms of Steeldied before I could get anyhow fitting
but he survived
You sit on your hand untill it gets numb
Wright Brothers biography So my dick is one of the greatest achievements of mankind?
The best thing those hacks did was popularize reverse threading on the non drive side crank of a bicycle.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
Moby-DickI'm okay with that
sons and lovers
You know this means musical artist Moby will give you the dick, right?
Against Method
Great expectationsMaybe some day...
Brave new world ayyyy
All the pretty horsesWell, fuck.
Nausea
The most recent was an obscure play from some jewish writer in Washington D.C., so I'll have to go with Their Eyes Were Watching God
Anna Karenina is too long, beautiful and romantic to describe my sex life because I'm a 26 year old virgin.
Stranger in a Strange Land.;^
But eventually you become a transcendent being?
Finnegans Wakeincoherent, inconsistent, and non-existent outside of mediation.
the seminar of jacques lacan book x: anxiety 1962-1963
what play?
The Name of the WindWell I'm cucked
The Face of God: Essays on Byzantine Spirituality
The Castle:
Dead Man's Cell Phone
theology and social theoryLooks like I'm being cucked by pseudo-secular Protestant capitalists.
Trollslayer
Close-mouthed kek.
I have no mouth and I must scream
Kierkegaard's biography
The Crying of Lot 49.
All Quiet on the Western Front.So basically a miserable slog where everyone gets filthy, loses limbs, and then ends with a final resigned appreciation that it's finally fucking over.K-kat n-no ;_;
but I'm not Jünger
At the Mountains of MadnessCold, foreign, and full of tentacles
Pale Fire
Norwegian WoodAnticipating much Scandinavian throb in days to come.
a nymphomaniac prowling nazi californiasounds kk
Troilus and CressidaFairly legit.
NibelungenliedThey always backstab me. I am used to cuckoldry.
The Low Carb MythPretty accurate I guess, seeing as how my sex life is also a myth
Did the cell phone kill him?
Top lel m88. Wait until all our buddies on /r/4chan get a load of this.
QbVIII guess its kinda dry with some hints of excitement.
I'm getting back into reading, the book I've started with is 120 days of Sodom...I'm so fucked.
jesus christ thatt's a dank cover
get fucked campbell, there are no heroes left in man
The SwingerI'm OK with this!
hurry on downyou betcha i will ;
American psycho
It was a book about space vampires that begins by describing astronauts holding their breaths for months at a time in cryosleep
Oedipus the Kingfug
Third Reich at War
Blindsight?
Ride the Tiger.goddammit, Evola, why you gotta make me a furry?
At least it's low in carbs.
I'm Swedish so it makes sense.
Red Dragon by Thomas Harris
The Discovery of HeavenConsidering I'm a virgin, this may come true
The dharma bumsEnlightening drunk hippie sex in the woods, not bad
Hegel's Philosophy of Historytfw no qt antithesis to sublate my hard, throbbing thesis
Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and his Years of Pilgrimage
Blood Meridian
Anti-OedipusHAha! Yes!
"mythology" - edith hamiltondamn, too true tho....
The Brothers Karamazov.tfw gf is pregnant
FiccionesWell, fuck you too, Borges
On the Genealogy of MoralsI can't parse this
Did you just call her retarded?
Technics and Time - I guess my sex life is external to me but constitutive of me? idk give me some help
Explain
It doesn't.Either the last one I finished or the any of the ones I'm still reading.
First as Tragedy, Then as Farce
Destined to Witness: Growing up Black in Nazi Germany.Sums it up perfectly tbh.... Growing up Black in Suburban Connecticut
Dungeon WorldHue.
The origin of speciesapt
A Series of Unfortunate Events: The EndSo generally uncertain future. Eh. True enough, as true as anything else.
Childhoods end or infinite jest, both work I guess
Fathers and Sons. I hate you OP.
Helmet For My PillowYes, funnily enough it's accurate. My girlfriend is japanese, and I do in fact plant my flag pole firmly into her suribachi
Advice for a Young Investigator.hahahhahahahha
dead souls:
'Event:Philosophy in transit' by Zizek,Not even close, the 'event' hasn't happened in quite a while if you catch my drift.
Who is thisSemen DemonJizz GenieBaby Batter BringerCum CaresserLovegoo LassSperm SummonerEjaculate EmpressMayonnaise MaidenJizz JockeySpunk MonkSperm WormSodomy SentinelPenile PerpetratorErection ConfectionSalami TsunamiBoner CondonerFluid DruidUrethral UmpireWang WizardKnackers KnightPrick PirateDong DominatorCock KhanStiffy SultanSausage SergeantMiddle Leg MajorPole PrivateerShaft SpecialistPecker ProdigyBoner BenefactorBaloney Poney BehemothDick Juice MasseuseTallywhacker SmackerMan Muscle Steam ShovelBaby Batter BladderWilly GhillieButt HutGlans FansSpooge ScroogeEjaculate AdvocateSkeet TreatWang WranglerJism PrismSmegma SavantAnal AficionadoTesticular TemptressSpunk TrunkNut SlutCum ChumTesticle VestibuleDick DuchessCock SockTesticle TamerCock ClairvoyantScrotum TotemMattress ActressProstate MagistratePenis Machinist
The Beautiful Fall
A Possible LifeNazis, guerrilla warfare and sexual affair, nice
The art of war as translated by ralph j sawyer and with introductions and diagrams by ralph j sawyer Doesn't work
Green Eggs and HamI assume that means orgasm denial
Who is this semon demon?
Seriously?
Great Expectations
Uprooted
The last thing I read was "Patriotism" by Yukio Mishima.That's OK, I guess?
yes.
thanks for playing along, auntie butters
goddamn the influx of new tripfags must all be from reddit.
10/10
Lolita;
Holy shit, that's it, I'm finally getting mouth-raped by a bunch of niggers.
lhizaveta is the only pregnant char in karamazov
Thunderball Giggity
The Selfish Gene, by Richard DawkinsH-heh
The Nimrod Hunt
.“There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. There was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. And if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it. God knows that’s what everyone else does.”suicidal...but beautifully so
dfw that's Josh Green.Is it just one faget making all these topics or are a bunch of you doing this?
trips wasted on a John Green quote.
Despite being john green, it's not particularly awful. Just not particularly profound.
Dfw this is dialogue
honestly this is 100x better than the bullshit IJ; Josh Green's approach to literature is at least sincere, something /lit/ is incapable of being.
This is actually a good quote.
this is why i always do whatever the FUCK i wanna do
That's not an absolute you fucking idiot
Kek. Alright, lad.
Yeah it's sincere about his desire for teenage audience pussy. And $$$$$$$$
Lol like those vices don't pervade the rest of whoever your perceived top tier writers are.
le suicide mememandidnt read lol
I had a dream last night where I saw two paintings DFW had painted that communicated his despair when he stopped taking his antidepressantsOne was a painting of hedge trimmers resting on an endless sea of white corpses/trash couldn't tell the differenceand it was extremely depressing to look at, like voodoo magic
"In some remote corner of the universe, flickering in the light of the countless solar systems into which it had been poured, there was once a planet on which clever animals invented cognition. It was the most arrogant and most mendacious minute in the 'history of the world'; but a minute was all it was. After nature had drawn just a few more breaths the planet froze and the clever animals had to die. Someone could invent a fable like this and yet they would still not have given a satisfactory illustration of just how pitiful, how insubstantial and transitory, how purposeless and arbitrary the human intellect looks within nature; there were eternities during which it did not exist; and when it has disappeared again, nothing will have happened."
absolute shitwhy doesn't this guy read a little philosophy before trying to write itpathetic
Nietzsche.
What's the comfiest literature?
Earthsea, Love in the Time of Cholera.I think Pynchon's last two books were really comfy
hard boiled detective literature
Bump.
Define "comfy"?
Borges' short stories
Define "define"
com·fyˈkəmfē/adjectiveinformaladjective: comfy; comparative adjective: comfier; superlative adjective: comfiest comfortable.
The Garden of Forking Paths was comfy as fuarck
You ever been to a German restaurant? You know what Gemütlichkeit means?That's what I mean by comfy.
Billy Collins' poetry
The stormlight archives
To me, literature set in contemporary reality, following characters going about their day to day often mundane lifves are most comfy to me. For this reason I find murakami novels to be very very comf.
Lovecraft is pretty comfy and lends itself well to audiobook.Also, Ray Bradbury's Martian Chronicles for in bed reading.
Who are the Wes Andersons of literature? Also, The Sun Also Rises has the comfiest scenes I have ever read. Fishing in the Spanish countryside is GOAT
Things that induce a feeling of comfort. So in literature that probably translates as writing that doesn't have a sense of urgency but rather focuses on low-key events and a good amount of introspection that produces feelings like nostalgia which creates a comfy mood while reading.But yeah, comfy can be pretty much anything, no strict definition when it comes to media that produces the feeling, just anything makes you relaxed or makes you feel intense emotion that gives some catharsis.
It's obviously pessimistic, but I find Thomas Hardy's work very comfy. Something about the slow, simple life of rural West Country folk.
Kerouac
but it's fucking miserable, holy shit. you find non-stop misery comfy?
I know it's not as great as it's made out to be, but the Catcher in the Rye is comfy as fuck. The plot just lightly floats along and Holden comments on anything. It's a really relaxing read.Except for that creepy teacher scene.
the old man and the sea is comfy as fuck
Depressing works can be comfy.
Pulp Fantasy.You know it's true.
Whiny, angsty teens are not comfy.
Mr. Antolini wasn't creepy, he was just drunk and cared about Holden. Of course, Holden thought he had ulterior motives, because he's useless and unstable.
He raped his sister, Pheobe.
They are if you're not a shallow, complacent adult who thinks they have everything figured out.
Everybody and their grandmother insists on this but I don't buy it.
No, I'm just tired of reading about a frighteningly similar degree of pretentiousness that I had in high school. Holden was the phony the entire time; he never did anything worth anyone's time and ultimately saw himself as some sort of higher person who had it figured out, but he was so deluded with his own self-centered attitude that he couldn't understand why people did what the did and instead elected to reflect his flaws onto them
Any Murakami novel.Surreal and nostalgic, yet comforting.
Congratulations on understanding the book on its most basic level beside the actual written plot..?The catcher in the rye is comfy because reading it elicits the same feeling as sitting in a café with a friend and talking about the strangers in the street. Holden observes the city and its people while spouting his opinion. He's a flawed teenager, with flawed teeanger ideas. But that is exactly what makes the story charming in the first place.
Reading Undeworld right now, DeLillo.Comfy enough to relax, interesting enough to keep you awake while your mom checks in on you to see how your job searching is going, and a reminder that she's getting your ice-cream cake for your 27th birthday.ICE-CREAM CAKE!
lmao.
AyyyAlso, Anything Greek history.
Post more bro
Divine Comedy
I read The Talented Mr. Ripley in a day wrapped up in an epic blanket on the couch with coffee and ice cream all day. Not the most thought-provoking novel, but it was quite comfy
The Sound of the Mountain by Kawabata. So, so peaceful.
I can't. This is a work safe board, and all those pictures of your mother choking on my dick could be construed as lewd.
the comfiest poetry I've read is Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Tales of a Wayside Inn is great for that
you must be confused, I may have called you bro but you aint my actual bro
those creek chilled bottles of winethat troutbill "banter" gorton the stuffed dog memester for company10/10
De uitvreterTitaantjesDichtertje all by NescioSuttree and The Border Trilogy- McCarthy
war and peace is pretty comfy
Reading comprehension, mate. Go back and note all the special attention Holden gives to Phoebe--in recounting her affection for him, in describing her body, in putting her insight on a pedestal--and then examine their capstone scene the bedroom scene in light of the book's constant implications of sexual abuse. We see it with Jane on the porch though she denies it, we see it with Holden and the teacher "that stuff's happened to me about twenty times", and some argue we see it with Holden and his parents at the beginning. The defining aspect of Holden's sexual behavior is that he actually heeds the 'No!'s and general reluctancy that he encounters in women. Phoebe is the subversion of what prevents him from getting sexual pleasure out of any other person: by pure virtue of being born as his sister, she loves him unconditionally, no matter how he fucks up or what fucked up things he does. In the end, she merely asks him, "Oh... why did you do it?"With all the detailed descriptions of holding her while "dancing", her ability to stay in position, her spreading out, sleeping with her, and grabbing her ass, it is hard to ignore an erotic subtext between them if not outright 'rape', which is a comprehensive term in itself.
East of Meme'en
Kerouac's Dharma Bumscampinghiking drinking tea and wine with the lads in cosy cabins by the fireliving a simple, modest life where everything you own fits in your backpackbeing m8s with dogs and cats meditating innawoodsgentle idealismyouthful naivety and enthusiasm cheeky orgy once in a while
William Trevor's books are extremely comfy up until the inevitable point when somebody fucks up. Sometimes they get comfy again in the end, though.Also, has anyone here read an Orwell essay called "Boy's Weeklies"? He talks about a particular kind of school-life short stories set in the 1900s which sound like the utmost definition of comfy: playing some sports, chilling between classes, banter with friends, no aging, tea by the fireplace, no parents, etc.
Booms
It depends on the ambiance, does it not? I have found John Muir, Emerson, and Thoreau comfiest when I'm on a hammock underneath pine trees, occasionally glancing up after each chapter too watch the sun beams filter in through the branches. It's the ambiance imo.
A bunch of Victorian and Edwardian literature mostly. ACD, Dickens, etc etc etcI haven't read the essay but I have read a fair amount of those stories. They are incredibly comfy but the majority are pretty bad and stodgy. The only ones that I would recommend without reservations are Wodehouse's which are extremely good, Wodehouse being Wodehouse. And Kipling's one is very good. There's other good ones but those are the top.
Dude. You're so gay.
I know, I am. What's your excuse?

heyyy
What's the comfiest historical topic?Habsburg relations and court life?
The emasculation of men as a side effect of smarter males being push-overs in the hopes of sleeping with females normally out of their leagues leading to a society of cucks and the civil rights movement.

rereading a short story collection you like.rereading in general is comfy as fuck.
Is it still comfy if you're rereading Finnegans Wake?
in my opinion nabokov, calvino, borges, kafkadreamy intellectual parables, basically
Japanese shipping manifests are all I read these days
smarter malesNo, just the weak ones. Plenty of smart guys getting their alpha on out there.
KafkaI love Kafka, but no. For me it's more of a constant unease.
Absolutely this
I find a lot of that Japanese sort of melancholy I think there is a word for it to be really comfy. Like Kokoro or 5 Centimeters Per Second.
Mono no aware?
Robert "Snuggles" Walser
Yeah, that was it. I'm not that familiar with the term and all of it's meanings, but that general sort of subdued sadness is super comfy.
this was clever
Judging Holden while simultaneously admitting you were the same as a teenagerprotip: all teenagers are like that. Most people don't have such a hard time realising this.
The novels of danish author Helle Helle are comfy as hell. The prose is just so relaxing.
Suttree and The Border Trilogy- McCarthyI wanna read The Border Trilogy so bad, but l only know basic Spanish. Damm it.
Do you listen to music while you read? If so what kind? Pic sort of related but I couldn't imagine reading to it
I can't listen to music when I read. I might be retarded or something because I need near silence or I can't focus on anything.
On the train or at home yes. That or when there are some really obnoxious fucks around and music helps drown them out.
I dont usually listen to music while reading but if I do then stuff like this isn't distracting and pleasant 
listened to exactly this album yesterday while reading house of leaves. spooky shit, man
SFTB maybe my favorite album of all time. Generally I listen to Yo La Tengo at a very low volume when I read, though.
listening to post-1992 Swans
thanks for bumping this killer thread, champ
you're welcome, my dear friend
Soundtrack for the BlindSongs for the DeafWe need drum and bass tracks for people with anosmia.
Pic related when reading Macbeth, of course.I also wanted to listen to Tangerine Dream - Phaedra when reading Racine, but forgot to.
None. This filthy culture of constant background noise is horrible.People who say they need music in order not to be distracted by their environment are even worse.
I can't focus on reading if I'm listening to something overbearing.I'll usually listen to classical or movie soundtracks, if anything at all.Usually I'm chillin' at the hot-tub and the sound of the bubbles makes for good white noise.
Could you be a bit more of an asshole and self-righteous?
people who's brains work differently to mine are bad!!!
People who shield off their senses are fostering their lack of ability not to respond to stimuli when they should really be trying to keep their attention on the work at hand despite other stimuli. They should concentrate on focus, not isolation. Being used to and requiring isolation only decreases one's ability to focus.
I can't stand not having some kind of noise in the background. Not always music, but something. I put on white noise when I read or sleep.
listening to Swans at all
I'd say you'd probably be better off trying to overcome your need for sensory clutter than giving in to it.
Why? I get along just fine, and it brings me peace.
It brings you peace like valium brings you peace, by shielding you from the things you are unable to be at peace with. It's fake peace that can't always be relied on. It would ultimately be more peaceful to not be bothered by whatever auditory stimuli or lack thereof.
Merzbow goes really well with pretty much any kind of literature. The loud noises are very useful in keeping my thoughts from wandering and staying focused.
implying pre-1992 swans weren't shitbtw you guys have shit taste in music
Equating white noise and benzodiazepines? Opinion discarded. It's not blocking out anything; it's adding something.
Equating white noise and benzodiazepines? Opinion discarded. Comparing does not equal equating.It's not blocking out anything; it's adding something.Yes, it is adding noise by which individual sounds are drowned out. It is blocking out by adding something. Of course it also does away with possible silence.Do you dislike random sounds or do you dislike silence?
My fucking subvocalization cannot handle other sound
Comparing and equating are the exact same thing. You have to compare to equate but you cannot equate without a comparison.
In public I usually listen to music while reading to drown out other sounds and people's conversations. Mostly ambient/drone music. Sometimes generic neoclassical. I read House of Cards while mostly listening to GYBE so whenever I hear Moya I think of the book.
if i feel like it, most of the time it's classical music or ambient so that it's really in the background. If for some reason, i need a certain mood that fits the style of the book, i can also listen to some jazz or some music of the country from the story.
being this brainwashed about selfimprovement
Listened to this once while reading, almost cried
That album is good with anything, anywhere, at any time.tfw they never made a decent album after sung tongs
But I liked Feels and SJ
Then you are a nerd.
Does /lit/ have a pretty big crossover of users from /mu/?Anyway, I usually find myself focusing too much on the music if I try to read to anything. I usually have to be in complete silence to read and fully absorb everything.
/mu/ used to be my homeboard, but I can't stand that place anymore. They only talk about the same few albums over and over and only have the same threads all day. Nothing new ever happens there.Not that different from /lit/, reallyAnyway, regarding the last statement, see . Music can be distracting if it's conventional music, but atonal beatless noise can help, and so can ambient stuff.
but I can't stand that place anymore.Same here. Which sucks, because music is my favorite artform. I come to /lit/ because reading is my second favorite hobby and I've found you guys to be the most intelligent board I've regularly visited so far.I know /mu/ has always been pretty big on memes, but it just seems legitimately worse here lately. To the point where I actually can't remember the last time I saw a thread that just discussed an album or group without it devolving into memes.
I think Kanye and Death Grips are what finally sealed the fate of /mu/.
I listen 2 dis
Important to note that Kanye and DG aren't directly responsible for /mu/ going to shit. It's how /mu/ constantly posts them as memes because of their fixation of things they dislike instead of things they like.Kanye and DG have released some pretty good albums, and there's a reason they're posted a lot, but the faggots who purposely attempt to shit up the board by spammming threads over and over are to blame for everything.That and the fact that /mu/'s mods really don't give a fuck about anything unless you just outright post porn. Kpop threads very rarely discuss music and they're allowed to keep a constant 24 hour general up.
Does /lit/ have a pretty big crossover of users from /mu/?Hehe. Most of the /lit/ users are /mu/tants but not viceversa, 'cause reading is for faggots.
Sigur RosMah nigga.
Only like ambient/white noise, i can't listen to music where too much is going on when reading, but i like being able to plug out all my environement noises and replace them with some ambienty drones.
No, I'm not a fucking idiot
I always put the same shit, but reading with the fallout OST gets very atmospheric
jason segel looks like dfwjason segel is dfwthe same

You were equating.It's blocking out nothing. It's filling an absence. It's actually very healthy, especially compared to having to take pharmaceuticals. I really don't see what you're trying to get at. You just seem to be upset by the fact other people have different brains.
Fuck no. It's disrespecting the text to allow words, themes, and tones to be haphazardly superimposed via music.
Cringe, fucking loser.
is my favourite piece of "reading music"
It fills and absence between other sounds and creates an indistinguishable drone, thereby making it impossible to differ between individual sounds and effectively blocking out one's perception of them. That's how white noise works. What I'm trying to get at is that pampering yourself in this way "oh I must block out individual sounds in order to read, and I must be in my reading chair and the pillow must be just right and I need natural light and I should have some tea" etc is ultimately doing yourself a disservice because you create very particular circumstances under which you are able to function.It's not that people who are able to read without crutches have different brains, it's just that they have learned to read under suboptimal circumstances by repeatedly trying to focus on a book despite their environment and without electrical devices to create the preferred ambience. Needing white noise to read is like needing an extra pillow to sleep. Not a necessity because you're a different type of person with a special delicate brain, but just a luxury you have allowed yourself to consider a necessity to your own detriment.
Life without love is pointless pursue for nothing.
requesting books where the protag dies alone
Die Leiden des jungen Werthers? Without Lotta's love he saw no reason to live.How to find joy of life or learn to live again, when the love was lost?
He thinks he'll be a better writer if he reads more instead of actually going out and talking to people
Terrible dichotomy. And yes, you actually do need to read a lot to be a good writer, just talking to people won't do it. You will not gain better prose from just talking to people.
He thinks he'll be a better writer if he talks to people more instead of actually reading
He thinks he'll be a better writer if he reads more instead of actually writing something down
Yeah, I'd say writing is important, but the greatest practice for writing isn't writing, it's reading.
Going out and talking to people makes you a better storyteller.Reading might make you a better writer.
good writing is just improved prosereported
I think going out and talking to people is primarily important for making you understand human psychology better, but a lot of that can and should come from reading as well.Experiences are what is hard to replicate. Works like Moby Dick and Naked Lunch depended heavily on experiences. But then, I don't think Shakespeare's works did but they were influenced by his knowledge of psychology from social interaction, they depended more on his understanding of psychology and his masterful prose and verse. So it depends on what sort of work you're aiming to write.
he thinks he can write
Yes, I think you're right. Doing things is important. I also think good writing is something that relies heavily on natural ability.
Which natural ability, though?
Reading is good for understanding how things work and for not making a fool out of yourself, but nothing can beat actually writing something, anything. I'm not a writer, and I don't to pretend to be one, but too many fuckers spend their time reading and not actually writing about anything. How the fuck does someone expect themselves to be any kind of writer if he doesn't fucking even write?
he thinks he'll be a better writer

You will if you keep reading good lit.You will always be growing and becoming a better writer with each year.
I hate reading. How do I shift extrinsic social motivation not working to intrinsic motivation?
You're implying that going out and talking to people is an option.
I used to be absolute shit, now after years of practice I'm only very shit. Baby steps man, I'll get there.
You mean like Borges and Proust?
What's the best translation of the Epic of Gilgamesh.
Not reading it in sumerian Fucking pleb
Well considering there are no native speakers of whatever the fuck it was written in left we honestly cant say for sure. Its mostly preference.
Andrew George, by far
What are the some of the strengths or the differences in some of the translations then?
Scholarly translations had different amounts of tablet available at the time of translations. Geroge's had the most.Non-scholarly translations can be pretty fucked. Stephen Mitchell's, for instance, is not technically a translation, it is a creation of a man who read several translations and decided to make his own from that. I wouldn't recommend reading a non-scholarly translation because they do things like fill in textual gaps using cultural thinking from today's world to make guesses.
I know basically nothing about history. It's time to educate myself. Any essential works I should start with? I don't even have a specific time period of focus. I'm just interested in the world
Are you from /k/?
HG Wells outline of world history is a good place to start to learn the basics, if you're more ambitious Will Durant's story of civilization is good too.
The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire is pretty much the book about the Roman Empire, so that might be one you want to look at.
Buy high school books if you don't want to go through too much detail. You can also always buy some college books if you're interested in details. You can also ask a person in your library or find them on the internet.
DAN CARLIN'S HARDCORE HISTORY
Oh... You can also watch Chrash Course on YouTube by John Green if you want cancer or a stroke.
/g/Thank you. I'll check that out. Actually it's very cheap on amazon.I do.I could. I'm reading enough text books as it is though. Generally tech books thoughI don't know if I'm hardcore enoughI don't want those things
This might not be the best to start with if you have no historical background knowledge.
It's a podcast, totally digestible. Avg 2.5 hours long. Mostly storytelling.
I have very little. I took some "advanced" courses in highschool but I didn't do especially well really.Oh that does sound interesting actually.
Wouldn't his workout sweat build up in his sandperson hat?
the hat is made of a thin and breathable material. it isn't an issue.
Do they put the hat in the laundry at the end of the day? Do they take it off when it's time to sleep?
Nope. Literary wise it's got some merits only when you compare it to history books, but it's pretty dated and gets a lot shit incorrect. If you're looking for a serious book on Roman history, there's much better options.
yes. they just don't keep their hair out in public. I imagine they'd wear another to do laundryany suggestions?
What happens if somebody happens to see them without their hat, say, a neighbor looking into their window?
You must gather your book collection before venturing forth.
He has a six episode series I'm doing right now on WW1, and it's fantastic.
nothing:
If nothing happens, why not ditch the hat altogether? There are no consequences apparently
They want you to know that they are devout men of god special snowflakes by burdening themselves with maintaining their inconveniently long hair, even though one of the tenets of Sikhism is no false spirituality, which this clearly seems to be. Or maybe they just like hats.
The elders of sikhology should have a meeting then where they address being in the 21st century. Those hats have fallen out of fashion and seem very impractical i.e. working out, going to the beach. Perhaps pic related would serve as a better indication of spirituality in this day and age.
Any solid work on the Silk Road.
Yea, I heard the owner was arrested recently.
Don't tell us any though.
faragepatricianPICK ONE
the best politician of the 21st centurynot patrician
only when you compare it to other history booksNo, it has significant literary merit, perioddatedIt's true that it doesn't use a contemporary ideological frameworkgets a lot of shit incorrectNo, it doesn't.
Didn't anyone inform you that you can not in fact BARRAGE THE FARAGE?
The Buddhas of Bamiyan were quite solid until they were blown up.
Does anyone have the Phoenix Presocratic Series books in any format? I'm too broke to buy any of them.
Anybody read The Book of the Dead? I want to, but I don't know Egypt mythology enough.
Pretty much every book on egyptian history gives a rundown of their gods, rituals and mythological stories. If you're lazy, here's a nice site with many stories: Isis and Osiris is the best known, I also like Peasant and Workman - it's basically propaganda but it's still a cute storyI haven't read The Book of the Dead, but tbh it doesn't seem to be very interesting. If you're really into the culture, read it, but it you're not I wouldn't recommend it. Here are some excerpts from it, see for yourself: 
Not OP, but thanks for that link! I loved Egyptian myth as a kid, but have forgotten all of it. I also read the Book of the Dead - made no sense.
Share your short stories.I overheard a call made on the radio on May 25th, 2015 at around 16:00 hours. The call did not have my full attention as I was handling other pertinent business at the moment. It couldn't have been too important because I can't really remember what that issue was either if you were to ask me now. Anyways, after that transmission I heard someone in the Immunity department call for the 83rd platoon to check something out in the stomach. I figured it was a drill or something, white blood cells are sent all over the place to check up on what usually turns out to be nothing, I mean that's what their paid to do right? So I went back to my work thinking everything would be okay. Out of nowhere I hear fucking alarms blaring in my ears. Jesus, I thought the kid was off drugs, why are these damn alarms going off. I picked up my radio, "what the fuck is going on down there?" I screamed to the Immunity representative." He told me in a flat, monotone voice, "commander the whole 83rd platoon is wiped out, we have no idea what happened." Shit, this isn't a drill I immediately sent more emergency signals down the Nervousness department. They used to run just fine, but for a while they only sent false flags that caused fake panic that ended up creating more problems for us. After a while I fired the man in charge and replaced him with some rookie. He is new the field but he seems to know what he's doing. So anyway, all nerves were firing these emergency signals so everyone who needed to know knew. All of a sudden, an explosion rocked the entire stomach. It must of been big because I felt the impact tremors atop my command post. Again, I hear on the radio, "It's a norovirus attack, the noro have planted a spawning fountain in the kid. I heard soldiers dying left and right on the radio and the terrible sound of the noro flooding into us. I knew I had to act quickly.cont.
I immediately entered my override code in, flipped up the plastic cover to the big red button for emesis. It was usually saved for the kid when he drank too much or took one too many pills. I knew he wouldn't like throwing up sober but I pressed it anyways. I thought the spawning fountain was implanted properly and maybe some emesis would get rid of it once and for all. It didn't work and the kid was concerned. At least he knew what was coming. I sent the majority of the Immunity troops to the stomach to maybe override the fountain. It didn't work and now the kid was weak and losing this battle. I wouldn't let him down though. I knew this battle would be won.The battle lasted for days and many lives were lost, on both sides. The noro is still invading the kid today but it is now under control. With the noro finally being cleaned up I finally have time to make this report. It's a good thing I can still involuntarily take control of the entire body while fighting a war. But that's enough about me, I'm beginning to sound like a bit of a narcissist. All I know is that the next time those noro bastards decide to show up again we'll be ready because we have kept some weakened prisoners captive so our soldiers can train on finding some weaknesses. So go ahead noro, I dare you to show your ugly mug around here again.Kinda silly but what do you think?
I've never actually finished a short story :But I've finished 7 novels.What's wrong inside me?!
autism
Ever since the great country of Norway decided to let in the noble African into their socialist paradise, cuckolding incidents have increased by 10,000 percent. Two African "gentlemen" are standing outside the door of a dilapidated building. "Dis must be it" says the younger of the two gentlemen. "Das right Tyrone. This the place." "How we know fo sho Jamal?" Jamal, a bit irritated at his brother's doltishness bluntly replies, "Theyz a giant black dildo on da door." Satisfied by this answer, Tyrone goes on to ask "Was dis niggas name, da nigga whos wife we gonna fuck" "Da ad say this nigga name 'NigglyWiggly'" "DA FUCK kinda name is that" a bewildered Tyrone blurts out. As Jamal readies a response to his brother's question, the door suddenly opens. Greeting the two is a short frail looking "man" with hair covering his whole face. He sticks out his hand and gives the two gentlemen a thumbs up. "Cuck afternoon to you! My name is NigglyWiggly! But you can call me Nessy~
Nothing. Novels are much easier to write than short stories.
For fucks sake Damien, get back in the thread.
I'm not Damien. I have no clue who that is.
It's 2k words, bear with me. I already posted the first section on a critique thread but nobody said anything on it yet.In Which I Call NancyAfter some degree of success in America with the sales of my most recent novel, a charming yet melancholy recollection of the events surrounding the year in which I had spent in a writer's limbo which had been diagnosed by my friend as the symptom of the dreaded yet ineffectual Continental Virus, known to my intellectual circle of acquaintances as Hemingway's Disease, I had expatriated myself from the United States and settled in the salty and sunny town of Palabras, a tiny establishment with only forty locals and a grand total of eight beach shacks, one of which I had rented for a year at the price of only a thousand American dollars. The events which followed my move were, at the least, a mildly engaging Shaggy Dog tale, which, if you were versed in the multitudes of story types, you would understand to be a wandering, plot-less, and ultimately meaningless set of occurrences which didn't seem to help any party ever at any point in time.Within my shack was a twin sized bed without a mattress, which I had thrown out after a few days as sleeping on the springs with only a sleeping bag and a bunched shirt as a pillow caused my temper to return with an overwhelming and uncontrollable fog that would cloud my judgment and cause me to react to what should have been smaller and more insignificant occurrences. I had elected that the frame should be burned and the springs returned to the city, once I could find some transportation with the only man who owned a vehicle in the town, though his insectoid sedan would only perhaps be able to carry it if the springs were somehow tied to the roof, although his car was so small that the spring set stretched farther than its length and was dangerously bent that it might touch the ground. This we found after we had attempted for a first time to take it to the city, and discovered the fiery sparks that lit up the road behind us once we reached the freeway, which had jinxed his car for what was apparently breakdown 'el segundo'. We had walked for an hour back to Palabras after that, pushing the car in neutral and creating a mess of one of the only sets of city clothing I had brought with me.1/?
Within the second month of my stay, I had become used to the friendliness and open dialogue of the locals, who were never ashamed of talking to each other about the American within their midst during the off season, where normally they existed both as fishers and housekeepers for the set of shacks that they had lined up facing the ocean. Thanks to my rudimentary work watching soap operas on the television and simultaneously flicking through a set of flash cards I had written and collected over the course of a year leading up to the execution of my plan of self-extradition, I was versed enough in the lingua franca of the citizens of Argentina to understand the general idea that I was welcome, si, but not in the way that one would invite a guest into their house. All business among the locals was conducted out of doors, with the exception of the singular housemaid who dutifully wore her housekeeping apron every time I would depart from the shack. On the off chance that I would run into her, she would avert her gaze and hurry off with her arms full of towels and sheets on the way to the laundromat that inexplicably was the only business that required its own building among the entirety of what, laughably, could be considered a town. I preferred to think of it as a hamlet.On the fourth day of the second month of my stay, I had awoken to the skittering noise of some insect on the kitchen table, which I had positioned next to my sleeping bag for the sake of my own drunken convenience, though I would often hurl it away in fits of rage as sitting cross legged without a chair and straining for the food atop a table at eye level would send me into a fury where something, any single object, had to be moved with all of my strength. I attribute the sturdiness of the table and the other localized furniture to the fact that I have not yet killed a man, but I fear with my eventual return to the United States that I shall accidentally pick up some furniture stamped with 'made in Usa," Usa being a town in China that was only named so that the producers could pretend that it was of American construction. As the veteran consumer knows, anything made in China is suspect to breakage, malformation, and a general ability to be useless in roughly four situations out of ten, which would qualify it for being so remarkably cheap that only a desperate and destitute man would willfully purchase an object so cursed in its origin.
It never ceases to amaze me how fucking unfunny /pol/luters are.
With the knowledge that a bug was near my half-eaten beans and rice, I reached blindly out for the newspaper that I had torn in half in my drunken stupor, and had half-crumpled, half-rolled, half dropped it in the sorry attempt at turning it into a weapon. With my sword forged and my helmet of head pain, which had so commonly afflicted me on the mornings after a gluttonous try at drinking myself to death, I knighted myself and then stormed into the melee by attempting standing up and then subsequently falling onto the floor again as the now revealed cockroach fled into a corner of the shack, which I then noticed had a bleak, filthy hole that anything up to the size of a mouse could enter. When I lived in New York, I had a similar problem of finding large, shelled creatures in the early hours after my extensive and my friends argued, worrisome whiskey sampling, a hobby I had picked up after Selena had left me on the street without a coat or semblance of human compassion. She was a kind person, I argued without success against my friends, who I had assumed were only jealous, but in retrospect were particularly helpful in pointing out the inconsistencies of her stories which had always involved visiting her parents, or her best friends, or to just go shopping for a set of hours after which, she would return with her hair somewhat messy and refusing sex. Not that I minded. She was only the lady who lived next door after all. I don't think I had ever talked to her, except for a single time in which she asked me if it would stop raining today, and I had only replied that she should check the television as it was far more capable than a stranger who was, in all likelihood, not a meteorologist. After that single conversation, I had attempted to muster some degree of courage to ask her to dinner, or to a movie, or even to visit Coney Island, which apparently had descended into shabbiness and disrepair, but I am a coward whose only recourse was to write a series of letters to her which I had never let enter her mailbox, and instead lay next to the toilet in my bathroom, where I would retreat to read them after the long days in which I would imbibe inhuman degrees of poison in vague attempts to gain a false bit of courage, which, if nobody knew that I was drunk, would pass itself off as being the true sort of courage. 3/?
On a particularly bright morning, I had fallen out of my bed and grabbed at some apparent bills which I believed I had signed off for payment, and walked outside to my mailbox to have them delivered. My feet and legs betrayed me, however, and I had dropped them into Selena's mailbox after accidentally extending my distance, which I would discover in a few hours when she would knock on my door, holding the love letters to her in her tiny, brown hands. I, in a terrified fit, slammed the door and crawled out my fire escape wearing only a shirt, and I used the payphone four blocks away to notify Nancy, the landlord, that I was vacating immediately, and that she could keep whatever she wanted out of my possessions in order to help pay off the deposit. Sometimes, when I find myself sober enough to consider the idea of money, I remember the bill that she had sent me several months later to let me know that I still owed at least five hundred dollars, and that she would let Collections maul me with their grubby Jew hands. I am not antisemitic by any means, but I find the pronunciation of the word, "Jew," to be most offensive in that it sounds hostile when backed by some degree of malice. Sometimes I call my mother to let her know that I will not be present for Hanukah.In that brief stay at the New York apartment, I had learned a trick that, while unsportsmanlike, was effective in its methods of capturing unwanted pests and creatures that desired the foodstuffs and disgusted reactions of their unwilling benefactors. It involves a bucket, a can suspended by a stick, and a single dollop of peanut butter, which I had picked up from a friend's house when he informed me that his girlfriend was not only allergic to peanuts, but hated the concept of keeping nuts within a house when there was even the slightest bit of danger that somebody might hurt themselves eating it. She wasn't a very kind person, and I told him often that she would attempt to kill him in his sleep the instant he relented to his instincts and crafted a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Thanks to her constant presence and his unwillingness to leave, I made off with the jar and applied a modest amount to the can, which I had positioned above the bucket. The final object I required, beyond the other materials previously mentioned, was a plank of wood long enough that one end could be set on the ground while the other sat upon the bucket's edge, which made a traversible ramp that a pest could climb and then provide access to the treat smeared upon the can. The trick, and I do apologize if this is impossible to visualize, is that the can freely spins and any attempt to climb onto it results in a free fall into the bucket, often filled with some degree of water so that the offender drowns as a victim of his own vice.
This had worked quite well in America, landing me not only a duo of cockroaches, but a black rat and even a crumbling piece of plaster which had departed from my ceiling in a cataclysmic event resembling Satan's fall, in which I had, in my righteous and drunk anger, threw a chair directly upwards in an attempt at smashing a cockroach which I knew was not there. Long story short, here in Palabras, I erected the same contraption and baited the can with a smear of beans and rancid animal fat. All it succeeded in doing was breeding a mass of flies, which had filled my room after an extended absence in the city. I left everything I brought in there for the help to clean, and gave up a thousand more dollars for their troubles.I flew back to New York the next day and called Nancy to ask if she still had any of my letters that I might have left in the bathroom. She said she put them into the trash, unread, out of respect for my privacy.The end.
It never ceases to amaze me how the out of touch leftists on this board get so easily upset at what is meant to be a humorous joke or a story. It never ceases to amaze me how accusatory and vindictive someone gets over a few particular words or phrases. It is just insane. Cuck cuck cuck. CUCK. Are you triggered? Do you need to go back to tumblr? I posted this fragment of a story here so you could offer legitimate criticism, not a "WAHH he makes fun of the BLACK PEOPLE!" sort of post from a butthurt Marxist commie faggot.
That's Sarca, Damien seems to like Niggly, and Sarca's the only one who would spread stuff like this around for no reason other than a desire for attention.
I know it was meant to be a joke, you retard. That's why I said it was unfunny. I don't read news articles and comment on their comedic value.
It's not that the story offends me. It's just edgy, unfunny, retarded bullshit and honestly the only thing that would improve it would be deletion. What other reaction did you even expect?
The Usa thing was funny but I attribute the sturdiness of the furniture to the fact that I had not yet killed a manWhat does this mean? Did I just not get the joke or does this make no sense?
What is edgy about one of the most told tales across time, the cuckold story? Have you never read a book with a cuck scene in it? Or a book where a character gets cucked? This is a short story though it is based on real life events that deals with cuckolding, the realities and consequences of unmitigated immigration, and the decline of the modern welfare state. Do I need to throw in a 10 page internal monolog detailing the mental state of our protagonist, NigglyWiggly? Should I change Tyrone and Jamal's names to traditional Somalian names like Unga Ooga? There are plenty of things that can be done to improve upon it, it is a very unpolished version. This is Pulitzer material I am working with here.
Who's NigglyWiggly and what did he do to make you so buttflustered that you'd write this in the first place?
This wasn't bad. All in all it was pretty funny and I don't feel like my time was wasted.
Why is that important? There are some immediate issues that I have that need to be resolved that need legitimate criticism. The dialog itself sounds very stilted, and I'm unsure how to go about writing it. It is not a very dialog heavy story but it needs polishing. For example, how do I introduce the characters?Do I force the characters to refer to themselves by name, or should I narrate their names? Do I follow every sentence said by a character with a generic "says x" or is there another tactic I can use?
I think NigglyWiggly is a self insert from the author
When you say you don't feel your time was wasted, do you mean not at all or no more than usual?
I mean I laughed a few times and it wasn't that long in the long run so I'd say not at all.
Not bad, but reminds me too much of this.
I haven't seen that movie in forever. I've just been home from work with a stomach virus. I think I will find that movie tonight.
 The door closed with the clapping of geriatric wood, chips of eggshell paint drizzled to the floor like dandruff. The air was wet; a storm was coming. DeTroux’s didn’t close until five, but the rain was due sooner rather than later so a hustle was needed. Jack stuck a fresh-looking key into the lock, and with a dash of jiggle and deliverance, the deadbolt sounded off. “It’s gonna rain soon, Jack.” “I know.” Isles of sweat were already cresting on Jack’s white cotton shirt, while Claire’s sundress fared marginally better—equal perspiration, but more floral pattern to draw the eye away from the rampant dampness. Maybe the water recognized the neon flora that wrapped around Claire’s hourglass frame and searched for dry flowers to quench. The pair left the shotgun house without looking back and without asking Thomas what he wanted; it wasn’t as if he would pay Jack back anyways—Jack’s share of the rent is way too high. That’s what Claire always told him, especially when they were going to a place like DeTroux’s. “My feet hurt,” Claire announced. This declaration was cosigned with a furrowed brow and an implication. Jack grabbed her hand and squeezed. “Let’s hurry. It’s going to rain soon, Jack.” They bristled their way along the side streets of Mid-City, passing puddles of vibrating water, bustling metropoli of mosquitoes and gnats, the aquatic levittowns spawned from yesterweek’s rains. They made it to DeTroux’s just in time; the blackwool sky began to discharge the moment they were seated. The hostess had a debutant beauty—peachy and radiant—that was found all over the South, and Claire could tell Jack gave her the once-over as soon as they entered. Her tag said Ashley, but her name did not matter; her kind of succulent looks, usually accompanied by a lack of brains and a thirst for the wallet, made her a dime a dozen in New Orleans. The name of her and her sisters: Myrtle Wilson. “Think she’s pretty?” Her eyes squinted sharply as she spoke, leaving only slices of hazelnut hue discernable from across the table. Back in the kitchen, a tattooed chef dropped a 40-gallon pot, swearing something fierce in his native Guatemalan. The couple seated next to Jack and Claire, a fine, 30-something pair of yuppies, jumped at the echoing boom. There was no lightning to warn them!“She’s got nothing on you.” Claire chose to sit facing the door, so she could keep a keen eye on her rival. Jack’s eyes dashed between the beat sepia posters of Charlie Parker, Louis Armstrong, and Kenny G that spanned the wooden walls. Kenny G at first glance was out of place, Jack thought, but Louis was the only one that didn’t play the sax.
 cont. After thirty-odd seconds of scoping out the ramshackled DeTroux’s, they turned to each other. Neither needed a menu; this wasn’t their first rodeo. The waiter, a rather large man with an ebony finish that matched that of DeTroux’s stained wood, took their drink order. And actually, they know what they want to eat so can he take that now too? Yessuh. Two iced teas, one shrimp po-boy, one shrimp salad—no dressing. His name is Lucius if they need anything. Claire violently meddled with her fat golden hair, issuing gestapo-style raids on split ends. Jack took a sip of the iced tea, the condensation from the glass dribbling down to form a new property on his shirt next door to the sweat’s crystallized residue. “What’s wrong, Claire?” “Jack,” Clair began. She was still working a black-bag job on her hair—displacing tassels from the back so she could analyze them, too. None were safe from scrutiny. The 30-somethings were smiling and, after a coy eyebrow exchange, held hands under the table, the man’s firm thumb petting a sizable diamond on his lady’s left. “It’s so fucking hot in here, Jack.” “I’m sorry babe.” “We’ve been coming here for years and the air conditioner has always been broken. They’re going to lose customers over it. Hell. I bet they have already.” “We keep coming back.” “Maybe we’re idiots,” she sighed. “I like their po-boys.” The rain was still assaulting the city, and the flashcrack combo of lightning and thunder kept pace like a waltz. The 30-somethings never jumped at the thunder, as long as it had its hazard light coming before. They counted out each interval, a steady three-Mississippi every measure. Jack wasn’t lying, he did like their po-boys. DuTroux himself, a leathery Cajun lord from Grand Isle, brought the fresh-caught shrimp up by the truckload, and boiled them at the Mid-City shithole. He’d been doing it for who knows how long, and when Jack asked Lucius for dates and times, Lucius said DuTroux’s been at it since before the war. Jack didn’t ask which one. “Jack, it’s so hot in here.” “The salad should cool you down.” “The salad will cool me down? Yeah I’m so goddamn chilly from this iceberg fucking lettuce. Jesus Christ.”
 cont...Jack looked at her. The sundress was a lower cut, so the fine sculpt of Claire’s neck and shoulders was in clear view. He loved how she looked. He loved how other guys looked at her. He loved the mole on her right clavicle; he loved the synesthesia of his lips on her ambrosial neck, his nose delivering a glancing blow to her earlobe. He loved breathing in her shampoo and her energy through his addicted nostrils as she flung back on the bed and scratched the back of his head, digging her nails with a lover’s touch. He loved telling her he loved her. He loved the thought of loving her. But how could he really love her, after all of this? They had been together for three years—three long years, three placid, lovely years. He remembered the early days, timidly abstaining from physical affection, as if it would release too much static electricity and zap everybody around them with white hot electric love. He remembered the first time, overwhelming with zealous passion and incessant cuddling—conquering all gaps, covering their joint kingdom of flesh with a kiss and a blanket. He remembered Katherine last week and her siren’s call; his ears unplugged, his sailors did not fasten their knots tightly and he swam to the rocks. Claire knew. He knew she knew. He knew as she got up to leave DuTroux’s with her salad untouched, heading back towards her house without a care for the rain or the lightning or the thunder or her sore feet or her split ends or the Grand Isle shrimp or unfaithful Jack, it was the end. He looked at the sepia posters on the wall, realizing he was the odd man out. Good old Lucius knew better than to come by. Jack sat in his seat, his shirt sopping wet. Briny tears shot down, man mirroring nature.
I tried to make it an extension of his temper, somewhat intended to make the reader ask about it. Thank you anon. I really appreciate it.
Oh snap!#DeathOfTheAuthor
how many times does it take you to transcribe from one paper to another paper, until its JUST perfect!? Ive already got two copies of the same thing, and now im doing a third. my writing is too smallits too big i made one mistakewords are spaced too farits too boldits not bold enoughetc etc etc
half of my notebook pages get trashed because I screw up on a G or something
This is why we invented word processing software five decades ago.
this what the fuck are you doing op
I'd like to read some Roman history. I'm particularly interested in reading about late Republic/early Empire. So I was thinking about reading these three books, and the Plutarch lives of the relevant people. Is there any particularly good order to read these in, or should I just pick any of them and dive in? Also any recommendations on different editions though I don't think it matters as much with history as with poetry, or if you prefer a modern history book rather than the original sources, or if there are any other histories I'm missing, let me know.ancient history pls
wanting to learn historyreading primary sources firstPoor idea. Read Tom Hollands Rubicon and move in from there. You also missed Cicero.
read them in the order they were written.also read Rubicon by Tom Holland and De Re Publica by Cicero
Cool thanks, will add these to my list. So you'd recommend reading the Holland first, then Caesar, Cicero, Plutarch, Suetonius, Appian?
yeah
If you're looking for some GOAT classics:Caesar's "The Civil War: Together with the Alexandrian War, the African War, and the Spanish War" shows all these wars from Caesar's perspectiveCaesar's "The Conquest of Gaul" shows the conquest of Gaul from Caesar's perspectiveCassius Dio's "The Reign of Augustus" naturally shows the reign of AugustusSuetonius' "The Lives of the Twelve Caesars" biographies on all the Caesars from julius to DomitianTacitus' "The Annals of Imperial Rome" shows Rome from Augustus to NeroAn absolutely GOAT book in my opinion is Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire." It really shows the degradation of Roman society and the Empire in relatively good detail however it basically results in Gibbons getting a hard-on for masculinity in society which can make it quite repetitive. Unless your a massive fan of Roman history you may find it's size and contents a dry read.Still waiting for the day in which a decent book comes out about the Crisis of the Third Century.
Definitely read holland first, and when you read the others remember they are heavily slanted and biased. another more modern book would be Caesar life of a Colossus and a biography of Pompeii and biography of Augustus. you might check out the podcast a history of rome that covers this time period from the Gracchi brothers to Augustus' rise to power.
Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire."this is excellent but only covers the age of the Antonines to the fall of Constantinople, not the late republic early empire.
Holland's Rubicon is indeed great, but I think it wouldn't hurt to try reading some Livy. He was a historian from the time of Augustus who compiled a massive history from Rome's founding up to the rise of Caesar. He's as much a secondary source as a modern day historian, although with some obvious propaganda stirred in.If you like podcasts, I'd highly recommend Mike Duncans completed The History of Rome. He covered Latin prehistory up to the fall of the western empire in year by year detail. There's a also history of Byzantium podcast that is finishing the next thousand years if the eastern empire.
Yeah I'd like to read some Livy but I thought his only surviving stuff covers early Rome?
RL Fox - The Classical WorldTom Holland - RubiconIn The Name of Rome - Adrian GoldsworthyCaeser - Adrian GoldsworthyAugustus - Anthony EverittMarcus Agrippa - Lyndsay JamesThis is your starting point. All these books overlap and take you from why Rome existed and the greek influence though to how the Republic diead and what happened next.Now start looking at the ancient and classical historians, its easy this way around as you now have a good general background and are able to read from say Tacitus or Suetonius with an understanding oh who they are talking about.
Fellow classical lads, does anyone know of any books about the ancient world of the Sumerians, the Assyrians and the Babylonians. Their whole society just sounds and looks so bizarre and has no comparison to any other society in history and the fact that they were the first empires in history also seems epic.
Livy goes through the Augustan period
Yes but it hasn't survived, it only still exists up to book 45 out of 142.
Is Adrian Goldsworthy good? I want to read his Punic Wars.
yeah he's alrightA History of Ancient Egypt by Nicolas GrimalCultural atlas of Mesopotamia and the ancient Near East by Michael RoafThe Kingdom of the Hittites by Trevor BryceAncient Iraq by Georges RouxEarly Mesopotamia: Society and Economy at the Dawn of History by J.N. Postgate
'From the Gracchi to Nero: a history of Rome from 133 B.C. to A.D. 68' is exactly what you want.
Rubicon is fucking great, but the fall of the Republic era is way too overplayed. I want something that tells of the fall of kingdoms and the rise of the SPQR.
Not really. Only if you're looking for a monarchist Tory interpretation. I'll have to defer to the othersBumping for pre-republic Italy
The Cambridge Companion to the Roman RepublicFlower's Companion is primarily addressed to those with interest but little background in Roman history, offering “an introduction to the Republic that tries not to privilege a particular time period or point of view,” but instead providing “a guide to a variety of areas, fields of study, and possible approaches that are currently being explored.”
Protip for all history/non-fiction readers looking for books: Good on wiki and find a subject you like e.g republican Rome then scroll down to the further readings/sources.
The definitive volume on the fall of the Roman Republic is "The Roman Revolution" by Ronald Syme
Don't die on me now...
They had effect on the Hebrews and via them on Christianity. The metaphor of the shepherd comes from them hence all those symbols.
A rough chronology. There is some disparity or overlap between groups and cultures.
New-Assyria
The Roman Republican Forum.Goldsworthy's book on Caesar is rather dry, it spends a lot of time offering his own doubts about historian's claims.
Roman class structure.
Social customs and manners; frontispiece?
Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire."Garbage-tier. Mommsen is superior in every respect.
people still recommending GibbonJesus Christ the book is two centuries out of date There is literally no reason to read Gibbon. It's like reading Lamarck to understand evolution
all these plebs hating Gibbonc'mon now
historysciencecomparablelel
4/10 needs its own thread
This is interesting. Are there books I could read to learn more about this?Especially on Kassites taking Babylon and the like. I'm afraid it's a part of history I don't know anything about.
What does gibbon bring to the table that you can't get from a more accurate, easier-reading contemporary history of the late empire?
I'll put in a word for Mackay's "Ancient Rome", it's a solid one-volume overview of the whole timeline of Roman history, from early beginnings, to expanding Republic, to principate/empire etc. It can't afford to go too deeply into any one subject, but that's what later reading and primary sources are for. It's great for having a foundation of Roman history before you delve deeper.
Gibbon was wrong about so much shit, and his ludicrous attempts at trying to find a common root between the fall of Rome and the collapsing British Empire are laughable. Much like Ptolemy's geocentric model of the Solar System, Gibbon's work is meant to be consigned to obsolescence in the face of actual facts. Even Mommsen's errors his blatant personal biases against individuals and his mistaken application of Second Reich parliamentary political parties to the Roman social parties in an attempt at parallelism are minor spots compared to the egregious assumptions Gibbon infested his work with.
Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire."Really not interesting or relevant as anything other than a part of the history of history.
The history of historiography*
Babylon in the time of Hammurabi looks like a vagina.
There was an English Catholic Historian of Rome in the 18th or 19th Century... Dammit, I wish I could remember his damned name. I think he had a few volumes worth too. Naturally, he was criticised as being too credulous concerning ancient sources...Does anyone know who I mean?
Kish was the ancient name for clitoris
I've never understood what that term brings to the table which isn't already covered under the word "history".
How does Mackay do on the subject of Christianity? A review of the book by some lawyer from Chicago said that he spent too much time on Christian origins.I'd like something succinct and preferably non-heretical.
History is the study of what happened in the pastHistoriography is the study of how people have written about/viewed the subject of historyOr in other words, the history of history
I guess we shouldn't read Herodotus either?
Herodotus is narrative history, gibbons is analytic history. Gibbons' analysis is stale, but Herodotus' narrative is still poppin' fresh
Every serious scholar on roman and european history holds gibbon in high regard. They all read gibbon, keeping in mind his obvious biases particularly towards christianity. He's not necessary for dilettantes though.
thinks that the kings -- SPQR narrative is based on Roman historylol. Go read more Livy
Sure, because he founded their field. But you're bonkers if you think anyone considers him an authoritative source - it's not just his bias, he's literally lacking 200 years worth of scholarship and archaeological discoveries.
suetonius is plebtacitus 4 lyf
The Histories have some of the most beautiful pieces of prose I have ever read in my life.
"Gibbon’s methodology was so accurate that, to this day, little can be found to controvert his use of primary sources for evidence. While modern historical methodology has changed, his skill in translation of his sources was impeccable, and contemporary historians still rely on Gibbon as a secondary source to substantiate references. His literary tone is old-fashioned, skeptical, and pessimistic; it mirrors both his own character and the topic under discussion, the gradual decay of a mighty empire."
This is interesting, but I've got to comment on one thing: there's no evidence for "Abraham" or any events described in the Bible before David's time.
comparing Gibbon to HerodotusThis is why people like you can't be trusted.
this Gibbon dicksuckingJust because modern historians are classy enough to not admit they wipe their asses with pages from Gibbon doesn't mean they 'hold him in high esteem' as a source for anything but the most basic bitch shit that we know is factually correct. The point stands that were Gibbon to publish his work today he'd be torn apart as a fanfic writer.
this denialDid Gibbon fuck your mom or something? You have no idea what you're talking about.
Agree with  - starting with the primary sources is not a great idea. Pretentious dickbags on /lit/ act like it is the 'only' way to get into history, but you will be much better served by reading good modern scholarship that puts the primary sources into perspective, and shows which sources can be used where as it were. Then by all means tackle the originals.An oldie but a goodie for late Republican/Early Imperial Roman history is Scullard's 'From the Gracchi to Nero'. Also add Polybius' Histories to the list of your primary sources for the period.Enjoy.
classy enough to not admit they wipe their asses with pages from Gibbonyes, lest the dead guy take offense, that would be an immense social faux pas
this Gibbons dick biting Shut the fuck up you meme shouting cuntstick.
want to learn historybetter invest all of my trust in a contemporary scholar's tainted modern framing of the primary sources first!kill yourselves
He writes well, for one.
I bet my own judgement won't be biased! Only others suffer from bias!
There's such a thing as archaeology, which is vital for understanding classical history and you would completely bypass by just reading Latin histories.
I think it's fine. I guess a decent time is spent on it but it is of huge importance to Rome at the time and is one of it's most lasting legacies."A History of Christianity" by MacCulloch does a great overview of the origins of Christianity in Rome, pretty succinctly for all it covers. The rest of the book is good as well but you don't have to read the rest if that's mostly what you're interested in.
multiple posters say Gibbon is a dry writer"he writes well, for one"Gibbon = trash
these people were forced to read Gibbon and have hated life ever sinceYou're the kind of people that would cite Bernard Cornwell as a source. I've given you ample evidence as to why Gibbon isn't the end-all, be-all of source material now, and all you can spout is 'muh Gibbon'? Apologize for not being stillborn.
but i didnt read gibbon
Man, early Rome was so incredibly resilient. Pyrrhos and Hannibal defeated them numerous times, and yet they persisted. During the days of empire even a single defeat of the magnitude of any of those previous was a crippling blow.Fun fact: In the Pyrrhic wars the Romans had a general whose claim to fame was his father's. The Romans had been hard pressed by the Samnites, when the man, dressed in sacrificial garb, charged the enemy single handed. Though he died, the example made a great impression upon a superstitious age, the romans won the field. Fast forward some years, the Romans again suffer defeat. It was believed only the gods could save them. Thus this man was called to lead the army, with many suggesting that he follow in his father's footsteps, and sacrifice himself for the cause. Imagine the psychology of that moment.
This looks almost exactly like the lecture slides used in the introductory Ancient History at my university.Am I correct, anon?I won't say the university out of politeness, but... 'Straya mate.
Multiple posters also have shit taste and read sci-fi and fantasy, so kill yourself.
/lit/ gameslets do this
aristotle twice?
nothing yet
tbh just roll with it
Where the fuck is Gottlob Frege, Karl Popper or Saul Kripke?
DFW kills himself
I've been away from /lit/ for a couple months and what the fuck is this
This is shit OP, the one that happened a few months ago was good but this is just embarassing.
I can't wait for Aristotle to kill le cuck.
......oh.
Four of the worst 'philosophers' ever kill themselves. If only Hegel was there, too.
that's...weirdly appropriate
top kekek
all the existentialists/nihilists/absurdists kill themselvesthis is fantastic.

this is gonna be a good thread
what game is this
hunger games thinghere's a classic:
It's like pottery
Oh I didn't read that crap LOL
rip to the true edgelord fedora squad
heh
BELIEVE IN GOD RAAAAARGH
Imagine pinecone's ghost stories
i ship toole and green
;_: nora
to be a fly on the log at that ghost stories sesh . . .
marx btfo by logic
no Stirner to tell spooky storiesat least Aristotle can be self-referential
what would a conversation between two Aristotles sound like?
king of modernism diesking of postmodernism diesdamn...
get your shit together slothrop
You're right.Poor Beckett.
 Aristotle is getting warmed up for le cuck
Moral relativity BTFO
I feel like they'd be like the Nihilists in the Big Lebowski when they try fighting Walter and hurt themselves
the plot thickens
christian killing fellow christian
Damn it might come down to Aquinas versus Dostoevsky.
But it seems like James Joyce already died.
Aquinas on a spree rn
spares his lifeNOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Are both Aristotles ded?
aquinas receives help from an unknown sponsor
oh FUG
is josh seriously going to win
Yes.
Dostoevsky, you fuck.

This is like the third time Aquinas has pulled this
Holy shit kek
this machine kills fascists
GOD DAMN
what a cuck way to kill someone
John green confirmed for best writer/philosopher
proceed
/lit/ BTFO as Green takes the crown.
Well, shit.I'm probably gonna do another one tomorrow, because I realized I should have made a larger cast as well as doing this on /lit/'s peak hours.
metaphor for Green's betrayal of western literature traditions and authorial integrity.
DFW 24thAs he should be, most irrelevant writer of all posterity.
DFW in last John Green in firstIt's like poetry. They begin and end with cucks. Alpha and Omega
RREEEEEEEEEEEEE
The real question is:Should you include John green again in the next game?
His knowing smileHis effortless looksHis undisputed win of best authorIn the beginning was the Green, and the Green was with John, and the Green was John.
Absolutely hilarious
He might just be way out of any other writers league so maybe not include him next time
Green would probably win in book sales as well.
Yes
God: 1 Existentialists: 0
Perfection.
Fucking wow...Dosty had too big a heart for this fucked up world

Aquinas decapitates Kierkegaard with a sword
The beautiful thing is that he killed himself, with Nabokov. Like, jesus christ.
Aquinas gets aid from beyondThe existentialists commit suicideBeautiful
Can't make this shit up, kekkity
Do you prefer to read online or with a physical book? I have been looking for some online books to read due to my inability to focus on physical books. Any good sites that are safe ?
e-reader.Many Russian or Asian websites host whole books. Download one you're interested in as epub/pdf, and if you absolutely must read it "online" because you have a browser fetish or whatever just check whether it's hosted anywhere by looking up a specific sentence on google.
Modern man does not expel God in order to assume responsibility for the world.But rather in order not to have to assume responsibility.

Lizards do not expel God in order to assume responsibility for the world.But rather in order not to have to assume responsibility.But that's cool, yo. The "world" isn't anyone "responsibility"
nice trips butters. Are you referencing the reptilian conspiracy?
No, never.That'd be like acknowledging xenu. I just had a nice picture of a chill lizzer playing a leaf-lute.
Your argument is that man has the same level of autonomy and moral obligation as a lizard?Atheists, when will they learn? Not only do they refuse to acknowledge their responsibility before God, the majority of them fail even to acknowledge their simple responsibilities as humans.
OP, can you actually pinpoint an example that would prove or help prove your vague and glib assertion?If you take the issue of global warming, most religiosos think God is doing it or that it's natural, which is the same to them, whereas most scientists and thinking people think the cause is their own species, so assuming responsibility for Man.Thus rendering your words incorrect.
Autonomy? Yes. I believe we both have the same kind of free willMoral obligation? Not inherently, so again yes.the majority of them fail even to acknowledge their simple responsibilities as humans.Nonsense. The majority, as the anon after your post points out, are for doing something about the ACTUAL decay and destruction of the world.But of course all you're thinking of is loose sex.
Not that anon, but I think loose sex should definitely be more questioned. Everything we do affects us, shapes us, psychologically, and sex is a really big one here. How will loose sex shape us in preparation for monogamous marriage--the basis of family? Family is what allows sex, something so base that orgasm can be achieved without a partner, and even romantic love to transcend themselves for something much greater. How compatible we are with this can at its root be affected by our sexual psychology, which informs the entire psychology.To say loose sex is contributing to destruction and decay might be a kneejerk response. Then again, loose sex as a possibly grave issue shouldn't be dismissed out of hand.
immediately becomes worst tripthey never learn never ever learn
God is doing and Man is doing it.Man has chosen non-faith. So God has hardened his heart. He had free will before the choice, but making the choice, God has hardened his resolve on the path that will lead to his total extinction.
I believe in a god
Again, more assertions. The guy asked you to demonstrate your assertions, not restate them
What's the problem? Huge, cavernous, well plowed, post partum vaginas are better for having kids. Wouldn't you rather buy a cow that has produced calves rather than one that hasn't? You only get one.
Family is what allows sex, something so base that orgasm can be achieved without a partner, and even romantic love to transcend themselves for something much greaterI don't understand this sentence.
It does not matter if god excists or not, both ways still work for you to make you belive what you want. If god excists, it does not matter for he can not interact with this plane of reality, so nobody besides equal beings may convience you.If god does not, it still does not matter due to nobody besides equal beings may convience you.So in the end, monotheism, polytheism or well.. nontheism are all only, to an extend given by them and us, what they try to be, or an outcome of not trying to be something or anything.
Theists, not theism
I am coming from an orthodox Christian view: I said psychological issues, which are connected with the spiritual; not physical issues. What I'm saying applies to men as well as women.Conceiving of women like property, like cows, is not a healthy way of thinking at all, even in jokes. Dark humor derives its merriment from shock-value: once such jokes cease to be shocking, which happens with frequent use, they cease to be humorous: they no longer fluster us with their absurd contradiction to our ontology...and begin to poison our ontology. Shocking humor is most rightfully employed as a way to restore our humanity by unsettling us with that which we were indifferent to, in this capacity it serves as an inoculation rather than a poison.
Though most sex is not about family, and I'm not suggesting it should be, the very seed of family is still sex.
biologist Stuart Kauffman has, Connolly notes, “identified real creativity” in the history of the cosmos or of nature. Other research has identified “degrees of real agency” in a “variety of natural-social processes.” The last generation of neuroscience has helped specify the “complexity of experience,” the lethal and Leavisite vagueness of which phrase should be enough to put us on our guard. It turns out that the people who will save the world are still the old aesthetes; it’s just that their banalities can now borrow the authority of Nobel Laureates always, in Connolly, named as such. Of one scientific finding Connolly notes: “Mystics have known this for centuries, but the neuroscience evidence is nice to have too.” That will tell you pretty much everything you need to know about the role of science in the new vitalism, which is that it gets adduced only to ratify already held positions. This is interdisciplinarity as narcissistic mirror."
because in humanism, only tautologies are accepted when they do not concern the principles of this doctrine, otherwise, they are frowned upon.
/lit/ pepe thread?
Come on brah, neuroscience is useless for philosophical questions, even people on here seem to agree. Metaphysics attempts to answer certain questions that can only be answered with metaphysics. They didn't solve anything, they just choose to ignore it.As far as philosophy goes, the best stuff is the one that's most metaphysical in nature. It being hard to understand is not one of my worries. Plato is still smarter than this clown.
, 
So the best way to market your book is to have a pre-existing audience who will do the leg-work for you.How does /lit/ accomplish this? Do you have a blog, a YouTube channel?Where is the best place to get started?
I'd rather write something good and die in obscurity
Me too, but I'd rather be a cynical minded hack who doesn't have to work for anyone than an office monkey who writes in the precious little spare time he has.
Best way that the average person can accomplish is to write something really fucking super duper, get a boss literary agent who gets a boss publisher who then pledges the money needed to get you in competitions a publisher has to pledge a certain amount of advertising for a book to get in big awards and you then need to win and be charismatic as fuck when you do readings, press and interviews.Getting popular on YouTube takes a lot of effort and you need hundreds of thousands of followers before you get much financial gain from it.
why even fucking bother, then?
A friend recommended me this book, thoughts?No spoilers
fuck grass, what a pretentious cock and a liar and hypocrite on top.
protag dies
I'm so stupid that I posted the film coverExplain

it's good
well grass basically joined in the collective post-WWII nazi bashing, enjoying to be one of germany's most eminent authors/intellectuals for decades. 1959 marked his immediate ascend with the publication of the tin drum.then shit hit the fan in 2006, when he confessed to have been part of the waffen-ss, a not so pleasant troop. grass was immediately discredited and thus his dubious reputation today
I thought übermensch weren't capable of this shit, only filthy Juden :^
well grass basically joined in the collective post-WWII nazi bashing, enjoying to be one of germany's most eminent authors/intellectuals for decades.if it were only that. the guy thought he was germanys moral autority and pointed his finger on everyone who couldn't hide in time.and his writing style is tedious and unnecessarily convoluted not sure how it is in the translations though.
some /lit/itizens hate him because Muh anti semitism see the third book is better than the previous twoit's a deep critic against german society after ww2 as they renounced their Nazi past because they were cowards and too scared from amerikkka, he said the german society has to reconcile itself to its past instead of renouncing it completely.
this much hatred against GrassIt's like Jan Bronski had made a cuckold out of yourselves.
Reich-Ranicki strongly disliked Ein weites Feld, but he liked Blechtrommel, Krebsgang, Katz & Maus iirc
True. He still thought Grass was a cunt tho.
Yup. The story of how they first met told from Reich-Ranickis perspective is pretty entertaining - if you haven't, check out his autobiography.
Yeah, think I read about that in an interview Reich-Ranicki did in response to that shitty israel poem.
Manlets: The Book
It's great, read it.I loved the style of the translation I read. Dat musician who played the trumpet too beautifully for words, man.
, 
On social media earlier today bestselling author E L James announced that she will release a new version of her worldwide bestselling novel Fifty Shades of Grey—this time written from Christian Grey’s point of view. The new book, titled Grey, will be published on June 18th —a date that devotees may remember as Christian’s birthday. 
It's already predicted to make millions because women have no taste. Anyways this will -- to anyone that's not retarded -- fail just like the love affairs of Nathaniel P since women can't write for shit from a male's perspective. Unfortunately EL james is more retarded than waldman
starts series as fanfic of Twilightsteals Meyer's abandoned idea of Twilight by Ed's perspective
Can't wait to see twenty threads of this a day!steals Meyer's abandoned idea of Twilight by Ed's perspectiveI hope she's cut her a check. Or a fucking muffin basket.
Literary fiction is kept alive entirely by women. You and your one autistic friend don't represent the majority of men or even male readers.
You wish bud
That's a fact. Just look at book sales of literary fiction. Women are overwhelming the biggest readers of it. If it were only men that read you'd have nothing but fantasy, sci-fi and Cormac McCarthy for sale.
Why would John Milbank promote a strengthening of family and having a stay-at-home parent when family is essentially an apparatus of capitalism?

But family was also a thing in Asia and Marx says that asian economics and Base are outside History and useless.
I don't recall him ever saying that, but if he did he was just parroting Hegel, since I doubt he read a lot of Asian thinkers and data
Family as a concept has existed in countless indigenous cultures that were not capitalistic for thousands of years
Because the stay-at-home parent familial unit pre-dates capitalism you helmet-child.
The fuck are you on about?Family has nothing to do with capitalism.
And it was an apparatus for the ruling class. As Engels points out, marriage was developed for men to exploit women as the first instance of class structure.
Monogamous relationships to raise children have existed since the time we hunted wooly mammoths and most probably before. There was no ruling class to uphold.
Engels is a pseudo-historian. Marriage developed in most socities even when societies were continents apart. In reality, Monogamy was established because its stabilizing, productive element of societies. It curbed suspicion and jealousy of both sexes, it enabled for relations across local-identities through the use of inter-marriage, and it further reinforced the division of labor between the sexes.
Monogamy was established because its stabilizing, productive element of societies. It curbed suspicion and jealousy of both sexes, it enabled for relations across local-identities through the use of inter-marriage, and it further reinforced the division of labor between the sexes.Are you calling out Engels? Because that's the exact argument that he gives..
I'm calling out the leap in reasoning that that explanation means marriage was developed for men to exploit women. Raising the kids until they're 10, having an arranged marriage, and picking herbs isn't exploitation. Men were teaching young boys to hunt, having arranged marriages, and hunting deer.
somebody hasn't read anti-oedpiushow embarrassing :^/
Have you even read him?Thus when monogamous marriage first makes its appearance in history, it is not as the reconciliation of man and woman, still less as the highest form of such a reconciliation. Quite the contrary. Monogamous marriage comes on the scene as the subjugation of the one sex by the other; it announces a struggle between the sexes unknown throughout the whole previous prehistoric period. In an old unpublished manuscript, written by Marx and myself in 1846, I find the words: “The first division of labor is that between man and woman for the propagation of children.” And today I can add: The first class opposition that appears in history coincides with the development of the antagonism between man and woman in monogamous marriage, and the first class oppression coincides with that of the female sex by the male.
Once again, he's failing to characterize marriage as the subjugation of women. Does the division of labor constitute subjugation. Doubtful. Is hunting, which was life-threatening and physically demanding, the superior labor in regards to picking herbs and fruits? Maybe its child-rearing? Except, most women reared children only until they were able hunt if they were men, help forage if they were women, and finally until they married off. As sensationalist and romantic as it may be to call marriage the initial subjugation of women, Engels is still full of shit.
The 1950's predates capitalism, eh?
Are you telling us you're so historically short-sighted that the history begins in the 20th century for you?
lol
Is cyberpunk a dead genre? Last decent books were Starfish and Windup Girl, both biopunk.
I bet that some anthologies about journalism in Eastern Asia could be equivalent to cyberpunk.
it was DOA on arrival TBH be honest. It still pops out a good novel every now and then that is just different enough. But the entire project is so driven by style and feeling its a big invitation to derivation. Most writers can't make it feel cool or interesting enough and even when they can they only have a couple at most in them.
that is a pretty choice book cover
not really, technothriller isn't cyberpunk
Most of Gibson's second prints have top notch covers is spot on. It's a genre better-off left to other mediums namely video games but has yet to be realized thanks to the already played out aesthetic. There are so many subcultures; greenpunk; gutterpunk; neopunk, all of which could or do have cyberpunk elements mixed in with them.Cyberpunk as we know it is dead. We might see a revival of a similar style two decades from now and think to ourselves 'Hey, that disassociative reality put in contrast to a high-tech alt.world reminds me of cyberpunk" but the end product will be so distant from the initial works that your kid will look at weird and snicker at you for talking inside of a packed movie theater.
it was DOA on arrival
biopunkHoly shit was Windup Girl bad. I wish these steampunk libby fedoracore shits would stop making up genres. Science fiction works just fine.dieselpunkatompunkdecopunkfuck all this shit.
What does biopunk even means?
This is how far we have come.From Wiki:Biopunk science fiction is a subgenre of cyberpunk fiction that focuses on the near-future unintended consequences of the biotechnology revolution following the discovery of recombinant DNA. Biopunk stories explore the struggles of individuals or groups, often the product of human experimentation, against a backdrop of totalitarian governments and megacorporations which misuse biotechnologies as means of social control and profiteering. Unlike cyberpunk, it builds not on information technology, but on synthetic biology. Like in postcyberpunk fiction, individuals are usually modified and enhanced not with cyberware, but by genetic manipulation. A common feature of biopunk fiction is the "black clinic", which is a laboratory, clinic, or hospital that performs illegal, unregulated, or ethically-dubious biological modification and genetic engineering procedures. Many features of biopunk fiction have their roots in William Gibson's Neuromancer, one of the first cyberpunk novels.
This reminds me, is seapunk still a thing?
We are starting living a shitty version of cyberpunk.
google image searching "seapunk" was the best thing to happen to me this week.
tbh be honest

Origins of Seapunk started out as a trend and meme on the website Tumblr and was later described as a microtrend in fashion and music. The term "seapunk" was coined by DJ @lilinternet in 2011 who wrote the first reference on Twitter.In 2011, an article by Cluster Mag reported about the emergence of seapunk.[4] Seapunk was described as "a mostly internet-based phenomenon, birthed out of the tumblr and twitter universes as a means to describe a lifestyle aesthetic that is all things oceanic and of the sea.
still better than the witch house shit.
who is this fluid druid?
I stopped reading at DOA on arrival to post that image
I think it can be revived in two ways: One, either take the old cyberpunk of Gibson and Blade Runner, et al, and do it good with a bit of tweaking to make it interesting againor make a new generation of "cyberpunk". Whether or not this will truly be cyberpunk, who knows, but take the general idea and apply it to today's technology. Forward-looking, cynical, grungy, but with quantum computers and smartwatches and VR and whatever. I'm actually trying this now in a short story I'm outlining.I was going to make it more general sci-fi with cyberpunkish stuff, then I decided to place it either in the near future or in an alternate 80s type future where tech has progressed faster. Obviously I have the benefit of actually being in the future compared to the 80s, so instead of Gibson's decks and other fun stuff that never actually came to fruition, I can work in the shitty, cyberpunk version of an iPhone or something. Just ideas right now, but the whole aesthetic and atmosphere is still there, waiting for someone to play with it and do something with it.
living a shitty version of cyberpunkHe's right.
Then why hasn't anyone portrayed the near future of our world as a cool version of cyberpunk? Can't be that hard.There seems to be some kind of vibe that writing about future is passe and nostalgia is the newish craze, but surely you can have both when writing cyberpunk.
punk is lame by definitioncyberpunk means "high technology, low life"we are certainly headed that way
I mean cool by our, the reader's, standards. Maybe I'm a faggot but Neuromancer and Blade Runner are just really fucking cool, even if I'd never actually want to live in a world like that. At least not entirely.You're right though. Technology has never been higher and life sure as shit isn't keeping up with it.
Well the worlds in BR and Neuro are both negative
That sounds like a cross between YA and fedorapunk.
Neuromancer and Blade Runner are just really fucking cool, even if I'd never actually want to live in a world like thatI've got some bad news, OP...
she cute

.
i would throw The House of the Dead in there before NfU. It gives a semi-autobiographical account of Dostoevksy's time in Siberian prison, and does a great job at outlining his life's philosophy and relationship with God, the Church, and the Russian people. Also one of the best books I've ever read.
Why does anyone need a guide to Dostoevsky? He's hardly the most obscure writer stylistically. I started with The Idiot and was fine.
I think the point is more to ease people into him because his longer books can get tedious to read. I got like a 1/4th of the way into The Idiot and stopped because it was boring. Crime and Punishment was great though.
I think the point is more to ease people into him because his longer books can get tedious to read. Isn't that obvious with any author? Why does it need its own guide to say "yo, you might not like an author so it's best not to start with an 800 page mangum opus as your first taste". And if so, then why not put Demons before Brothers Karamazov?
actually, idk if this is true, especially writers who's style drastically changes. Take joyce for example. I picked up portrait...young man instead of ulysses so id get a taste...and honestly the book is shit so far, and nothing like ulysses from what ive heard
You probably don't understand it. Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is a great novel.
Yeah you're pretty thick.
The Double is pretty shit, funny how Plebokov thinks it's Dostoevsky's best work.
Anyone who's read Notes from Underground can say that it's massively different from all his other works, and could therefore give people a distorted idea of what to expect from the rest.Crime and Punishment is the best one to start with, but to be honest as long as you don't start with Brothers Karamazov, you should be fine.
Nabokov hates Dostoevsky and loves Gogol, so it's no surprise his favorite Dostoevsky novel is the one that's a direct copy of Gogol.
Has anyone read this? What did you think?
DeLillo's second best after Underworld. Get to it right away.
taking part in literary vandalism
DeLillo's second worst after Mao II. Stick to White Noise, Underworld, Americana, The Body Artist, and Cosmopolis.
I actually strangely have not yet, I have: The Names, White Noise, Underword, Players, Gret Jones Street, Mao II and Cosmopolis and enjoyed them all. I'm waiting for Libra to get in the mail
i read it years ago and remember really enjoying it, but i can't remember too much nowwhite noise suffers from its own influence and seems stale in the aftermath of how much it influenced and percolated through the culturethe first section of underworld is the best thing he ever wrote, but it loses focus after that
It's the real great american novel, insofar as you want to take that phrase seriously. I've read Ratner's Star, White Noise, Mao II, Underworld, and The Body Artist. Libra is one of the best, alongside Mao II and Underworld.
How's Ratner's Star? I've always been interested in that one but never gotten a chance to get my hands on it
I just finished The Angel Esmeralda which is a short story collection by Delillo. Where should I go from here? I really enjoyed it.
no idea, I've only read that one story about the runner in the park. Have you read any novel by him? If not check out White Noise or Players
The short stories were the first works of him that I read. I felt the runner was one of the weakest ones. I'll look into White Noise then.
by the way, the character Esmeralda plays a somewhat important role in the novel Underworld so you might wanna check that out someday too
Will do that then.My favorite was Human moments in world war III available here: especially the ending passage which describes what an astronaut feels looking back on earth from space.
FUCK WHITE NOISEseriouslylook elsewheremaybe mao II or libra or the names or americana or ratner's star or great jones street or or underworld
why didn't you like White Noise anon?it's not the most easy read but it's rewarding nonetheless
i actually did like it, but it's weaker delillo, fairly uncharacteristic of his works at large and madly overratedi just don't think it's a good "entry" to delillo like so many people describe it. i think it leads too many people to not picking up a delillo book again
fair enough, I actually think it requires repeated readings and also I think the most good entry into Delillo is Players
haven't read players myselfwill get around to it eventually i suppose
Does anyone know the name for the argument"if everything is____ then nothing is____"? "If everything is special, than nothing is!"
Hey faggots, is it worth it to start reading A Song of Ice and Fire if I've seen the first five seasons of Game of Thrones. More specifically, how many of the books in the series have been covered in the show so far? I understand there are 5 books, but it doesn't seem like the show is about to end any time soon so I guess they couldn't have covered all the novels. Let me know what you think and maybe give me a recommendation of another good fantasy series.
No.No. AND NO.Is shit.
come to /lit/act like an ignorant jackassgenre fictionGet the fuck out.
read ulysses
We get it op, you saw the other thread and are here to bait.
OP here. Breh, I saw the other thread just after I posted this one to be honest with you. The reason I posted the thread is I just saw the last episode, and I felt like reading some pop-corn fantasy with great court intrigue and what not. My question is directed to people who have actually read the books. I'm willing to commit to reading the first three books in the series if I know that last two will be spoiler free unexplored material.
the more she drank the more she shat
Breh
No, you're not losing much sticking to the series. There are slight variations, but otherwise the books are mostly bloat, and they've been caught up with by the show already.
Fuck you, I liked it.
In general terms, the show is almost near the end of both books 4 and 5 books 4 and 5 are concurrent. They've already used up all the material for some plotlines e.g. Bran and Sansa; for Sansa they're using another character's story to fill in season 5, and other plotlines are completely different from the show e.g. Jaime and Brienne. With other stories they're beyond where the books are e.g. Tyrion meeting Dany, or showing more of the white walkers.Unless Gurm gets ass into gear and publishes another book soon, the show will have completely overtaken him next season. The only major unused storyline at this point is the Ironborn one from book 4.
Thanks man. That's what I feared. Fuck it - I won't bother with it then. The thing is I feel like reading some good fantasy or fantasy/sci fi mix. I guess I'll try something else.
for future reference, talk about game of thrones on /tv/. the discussions pretty active
but /tv/'s GoT discussion is awful, they like tits, battle scenes, and gruff male badasses and hate everything else.
Whats the fuck with english?For example. The word "welcome".In my opinion im russian welcome its when you arrived at new citie/town/house and people say to you "welcome". It's means... Like a "thank you for arrival" or something i cant pick up the need word. But you, you use this word like 'please'. Why?
Give an example.
or in english so many times past tens, future tens, and another 9000 tens. w-h-y?
He means like "you're welcome" after someone says "thank you"OP, it probably came from shortening a longer phrase
I'm russianThen you don't matter and this is useless.
in english write best book and speak in best films best actors.
Welcome originally just comes from a construction like 'you have done well in coming here', so, 'you are well come'. Similar kind of archaic constructions still exist, like 'well met', which can be used similarly 'they were well met'. It became the adjective 'welcome', meaning accepted or desired, usually warmly. So you still say 'welcome!' as an interjection to someone arriving at your home e.g., with the original, ancient meaning, but you would also say 'you are always welcome here', with a technically different form of the word: an adjective. It can also be abstracted to mean someTHING the presence of which is appreciated, like 'this good weather is very welcome'. When you say someone 'is welcome to' something more abstract, e.g., receiving an honour, or taking a gift, it's abstracting the term again to mean that their joining with that thing is 'welcome', i.e., it is desired or accepted. So you could sayWelcome to my home! You are welcome here. Your arrival in town was welcome news. You are welcome to any of my books. Yeah, sorry for English.
thank you :
im always be envious when im think about people who live in the english-speaker country.You can read the best site, book and watch films in original sound.
cyka blyat sosi xyi mamky ebal idi nahui
o. пpивeт. a ты чe здecь дeлaeшь? иди нa двaч
thanks for bumping this killer thread, champ
чe cкaзaть-тo хoтeл, FUCKING ASSHOLE DUMB MOTHERFUCKER SMALL DICK SUCKER AND FAMILY ROCKER?
GAMBURGER SUCK MANKEY OBAMA
NIGGER MIGGER SIKKER LIGGERIM TWO HUNDREAD PROCENT CIGGER
Many English expressions are short hand for antiquated, longer expressions.Saying "you're welcome" would be short for something along the lines of "you are welcome to my hospitality" or something along those lines.It's like any language, try to think literally when you talk and you will notice odd phrases.
Eбнyтый, блядь.
нa cocaч, быдлo
Daily reminder that Latin America created more worthwhile literature than Oceania, Africa and Asia together along the history.If you disagree you're an austie, a nigger or a weabo so shut up.
guacamole eating retard
borges is a meme writer
Ay mijito!
Huehuehuehuehue brbrbrbr gib moni or i report u
black argie detectedArgentina is such a joke of a country-- they are legitimately the laughing stock of Latin America. Seriously. Your economy defaults on its own debt every dozen or so years. The Kirchners have carelessly exposed the overwhelming corruption that plague Argentina. The only thing you have is MESSI MESSI MESSI, but we all know that he will get caught for using performance enhancing drugs. Lastly, I would like to state that Borges is a hack and probably the worst meme on this board. He's not even Latin American cannon.
Latin america was colonized by europeans, whereas all those other places' people are natives.So of course they did. It is only natural.
Borges is the foundation of the Latin American canon.
Not all of Asia, sorry OP.
No that's Machado de Assis you fucking disgusting pleb
mfw he didn't even win the nobel prize in literature
Unfortunately.
you have to be circumcised for that
Gombrowicz was right when he uttered his last words when departing from Argentina back to France: "Kill Borges". Bolano recognized this.
Africa and Oceania yes but not Asia Chinks have some yrippy shit and japs wrote about being wanting to be white so that made them better than niggers who were mad that they aren't white
Better than Asia in literary fiction for sure. In terms of philosophy maybe not, but most of Eastern "philosophy" is onto-theology anyway. listening to what structuralist hack has to say
listening to what structuralist hack has to sayYou're literally retarded.
Quality posting. Both Ferdydurke and Trans-Atlantic contain structuralist themes. Many of his odd neologisms describe/parody sociological conditions from structuralist viewpoint. I read an article that later in life he was very critical of Frenchies, but neither I read anything of his late work nor he probably realized that he is using the same rhetoric like structuralists.
No, stop. You're genuinely stupid. Think before you post. I'm not even fully disagreeing with you, but you're just retarded in the way you present information. Learn to formulate your thoughts. Also, don't lecture me on Gombrowicz, I did my MA thesis on him. I can tell you don't know what you're talking about, but I am willing to listen to you if you stop being stupid.
Pinpoint one thing I said that was outright wrong in your opinion. Because after reading both novels these are exact lines which Gombrowicz's critique of Polish society goes along. Keywords he manufactured are nothing else, but a parody of cultural elements understood in relation to the overreaching post-feudal system that he despises. That's a clear structuralist theme to me used also by likes of Barthes. Moreover in the second post my thoughts are well formulated.If your gripe is my generalisation from the first post then that's fucking 4chan. Inflammatory generalisations are a daily bread here and mine wasn't even particularily invalid.
The very fact that you called him a structuralist instead of a proto-structuralist -- at most --discredited you. Read more. thoughts are well formulated.Not at all. Truly one of the dumbest namfags on this board.
implying he's not a proto-post-structuralist
called him a structuralist instead of a proto-structuralistOH THE HORROR. I'm not sure if it's a language barrier or your comprehesion that sucks, but you should apply your filter to yourself - you're not providing any substantiated critique of what I've written and half-assedly jumping over semantics. If you think that not adding a "proto-" prefix, in relation to someone who was contemporary to development of given school of thought, is a legitimate criticism then you're laughable. I'd perhaps call you a dumbest anon on this board, but I've seen worse and that's saying much.
Your posts keep getting more retarded. This is getting amusing.
that will show himYou're amusing anon. Goes to show any simpleton can have a degree now.
doesn't understand GOmbrowicz hur you're a simpleton Goes to show any simpleton with access to the internet can pretend they understand a writer. Kill yourself my man
You're doing an awful job at logically justifying yourself. I'm sorry for your promoter or whoever had to review your thesis. Stop posting anytime anon, it will be better for all of us.
Justifying what? I'm not justifying anything, actually. You're retarded. I wonder how many other writers you pretend to understand.
Justifying what? I'm not justifying anything, actually.I've seen that already.
I've seen that says I'm doing xYou're either genuinely retarded, or just terrible at b8. But anyways, your probably retarded enough to call Gombrowicz lacanian since you probably -- I'm being extremely generous here -- noticed elements of Lacan's Real in Gombrowicz's works. Notwithstanding, you're too retarded to understand lacan expropriated most of his ideas from Gombrowicz.
/lit/, how do I improve my dialogues? I dont just mean the structure but also the content.How do I decide what to include as dialogue and how do I get better at getting into a character's heads to find interesting things for it to say?Any books? Anything more then "10 best tips for writing good dialogue" ?Any specific exercises? Any lists of types of things characters express through dialogue with examples?I need help /lit/. My difficulty comes also from the need to write dialogue for characters without including any every day problems for themits a conscious decision for all sorts of reasons .My two characters are lamenting their past connection in an indirect way, through memories and impressions.Some of the locations are simple ones. The beach, the forest but I need, through dialogues to both make them interesting, appealing and feel human despite not really mentioning any "every day hardships".It's a short story about a couple sitting in their own shit.
What a vague and vulgar description anon.Anyway: For men.
For women.I know it's very sparing but maybe it will spur some discussion for you.
bump
Listen to it in other people and films. Write down conversation you hear on the train. Read screenplays. Listen to some talk radio. Read some books! When you're writing make sure to read out the dialogue. If you can't determine whether it sounds fairly normal or not for that character then hope is lost because you don't have the ear to be a writer.
Tom and Sally were walking in the deep forest. They talked superficially about some of their day-to-day-problems, until Sally blurted out: "We should have exterminated them all, if you know what I mean."Dada OP, Problem solved. Just indirectify it.
at the base of every dialogue there's a need: one of the characters wants something from the other, i.e. Information, favours, affection etc. so everytime they communicate ask yourself "why he/she is talking to him/her" and try to have them reach their objectives or don't; have the other person be helpful or opposing
if your having trouble writing dialogue between characters you must ask, why are these characters even talking?
is it shameful to look up meanings/explanations of works?i feel like there's a loss of legitimate shared understanding when i have to resort to this, or like i'm mentally lacking when i don't understand something very abstract or incoherentshould i just keep rereading it until i understand, or at least think i understand? or just read someone else explaining it so i don't miss the point?reading pic related's Burnt Norton, and a lot of the phrasing, and the things that happen just don't make much sense to mei feel shame at having to look up interpretations, is this reasonable?
Absolutely not. Especially with TS Eliot. If you are reading quality lit criticisms that means you are reading the interpretations of people who have spent their entire lives studying these works. Yes, it will taint your own interpretation of his poems and that is regrettable. But the sheer benefit of reading someone else's interpretation who has spent his entire life studying Eliot's poetry is far too valuable to pass down. Plus nobody understands TS Eliot on their first read anyways
Don't worry, Eliot was a pretentious charlatan.
i feel like it takes the legitimacy out of the poem thoughlike if i told someone i'm a fan of TS Eliot and saying that i read literary criticisms before even understanding it, then what's the point of reading the criticisms in the first place? why even read the poem?is it acceptable to go through most abstract works reading other people's interpretations? if the enjoyment isn't being taken to that world yourself, then where's the enjoyment?do you look at it as a whole in relation to your own life/surroundings?is the enjoyment i'm speaking of missing ,when you read other people analyzing these works, just that fresh feeling of wonder? which will pass away on its own regardless?
how so?
He was a shit poet
bump
You have to see if the interpretation is coherent/reasonable to you. See where you may differ.Yes, you should read the work before the critique of it.Try to form some sort of idea of it, anything.Some definite concept, something you could say the poem does, its meaning, its effects, language, style, structure, etc.Then read various critiques of the thing, various interpretations, if it's useful to you, and see if they cohere with these notions and furthermore intuitions you may not consciously realize.Find the ones that match your thoughts.The feeling of wonderment can come still.Is it acceptable? Sure. But you must still think for yourself, here. You must still be a 'critical thinker'. It's boring and uninteresting to just have you parrot an understanding that may not be real.Your interpretation of the thing is necessarily in the context of your past experience and your schemata of the world.Consuming a lot of poetry/philosophy allows you to ameliorate in your understanding of an individual piece.
Keep in mind, this anon who hates Eliot probably thinks Aristotle and philosophy in general is useful and relevant. He probably also likes Burroughs and would defend the Beats. So take his shit-taste and therefore shit opinion which is wrong by the way, why someone would willingly have a wrong opinion I do not know with a grain of salt, and then puke it back up, and shit in it.
thinks Aristotle is useful and relevant.Nope. He probably also likes Burroughs and would defend the Beats. Nope. So take his shit-taste Nope. therefore shit opinionNope. therefore shit opinion which is wrong by the way, why someone would willingly have a wrong opinion I do not know with a grain of salt, and then puke it back up, and shit in it.truly buttblasted.
and likes that NEET Pessoa as well
and consuming alot of poetry and philosophy should help in understanding future readings better eh?but if any piece was written in such a different world time, like world war 2, or largely culturally different which it seems like 99% of works are to some extent then that means i could never understand the context of the work, or even metaphors and references.is it bad to appreciate something without understanding its true context?like enjoying something without seeing the real point
If you are to properly understand literature on your own, you must have a base of knowledge and referents.You can get this by going to school and paying money.Or you can get this by reading lots of things, particularly related to how literature works, and criticism/analysis/interpretations is a perfectly fine way to do this.
Pessoa wasn't a neet, you dullard. You probably don't even understand Pessoa. Stick with hacks like Eliot. Literally babbies first poet.
so it's safe to say that all authors, even the greats and producers of works massively analyzed, were also ones that likely read criticisms? or were taught some interpretations until they were up in the air with wings?but when will i be aptly able to read most difficult and abstracts and understand them on my own?will i ever be able to? do these authors understand all works in similar fields themselves? or do they also rely on interpretations at times?
buttblasted
You wish, faggot.
One: stop thinking of yourself in comparison to the greats of the history of literature. Because one, you're not as great as them and accept that me too. Two, no one will ever be great that way unless you're Joyce or someone.2. Speaking of Joyce, there's a difference between the understanding of the writer and that of the reader. No amount of theory or criticism, whether you read it or Joyce read it, will ever allow you to understand Finnegans Wake, for example, in the way that he does. That's a drastic case, but it is true of all art. So, accept that everyone other than the person who created a work won't get it 100%3. All great writers either got an education, or formed one for themselves by reading a lot and experiencing a lot.Bottom line: stop sweating it. If you want the basic reference points, you know where to go: the Greeks, the Bible, Shakespeare, etc. But let me tell you: T.S. Eliot was reading John Donne, who no one at the time read or taught or gave a shit about. Read all you can, form your own path.“Read, read, read. Read everything -- trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You'll absorb it.Then write. If it's good, you'll find out. If it's not, throw it out of the window.”-William "Corncob" Faulkner
oh yeah bitchYou probably don't even understand Pessoa.isBWAH YOU DUNT UNDERSTAND IM CRAAWLIN IN MUH SKIN DADlevel of buttblastery, nigger
Just keep in mind that profundity is a human construct and that art is completely arbitrary, and you'll enjoy it a lot more.
you're not as great as them and accept that me too. Two, no one will ever be great that way unless you're Joyce or someone.that's a very narrowminded way of looking at thingsthey're fucking human just like anyone else, why shouldn't you compare yourself to them?you're level with them when you read their work, because it's THEIR WORK, the greatness is right in front of your eyes, and largely due to a question of skill, in expressionnothing impossible for other people, much like drawing is something anybody can do when taught to engage often unutilized parts of their mind
bump I guess
it's hard to interpret a piece unless you are actually looking for something in particular.before reading a book, try to learn about the author and find out what their most common themes are/were. all good authors will have them. for example, ernest hemingway's themes of war, loss and masculinity, or sylvia plath's themes of the woman as a means and feminism.when you're reading the piece look for these things. consider places or things as symbols, and events as metaphors.
What is the literary equivalent to Banji?
bump
jordyn jonesdoes she do porn on the side?
what the fuck are you even thinking
The Beats, an equally stupid and useless form of Modernist expression.
the beatsmodernistnot postmodernistyeah you don't have any idea what you're talking about
he's right, you fucktard, the beats weren't postmodernists under any reasonable definition of the wordthey were, in fact, quite modernistpls don't come in acting like the big swinging dick when you don't really know shit.
anon don't be a retard.
Well, you know, they were in my American Fiction from 1950 course, so they're postmodernists, right?paying this little attentionfaggot
John Milbank
embarrassing
samefag AND brendanposterjesus christ
Ayn Rand.
Come on /lit/, get it together.
Why should one study philosophy? What are its benefits?What is the point of studying philosophy in the modern era?
If you study philosophy, you can be better at pseudo-philosophizing plebs, so when some pothead tries to talk about philosophy when he's only learned about it from those "philosophy for idiots" videos on youtube, or when some fedora man tells you that reading Plato is useless because he's not scientific like the real smarties in the world, you can tell them how full of shit they are and that they've got everything wrong.Studying philosophy will make you a better person.
you must more live philosophically, than to learn philosophy.-to live the good life-to create new conceptsyou will question thoughts, speeches and actions of every body, yours included.what are the difficulties/problems ?why are they difficulties/problems ?what are the solutions ?why are they solutions ?What are the necessities ?what are the sufficiences ?what are the causes ? what are the effects ?what are the means ? what are the goals ?And it appears that, without even discussing the solutions nor the logics and motivations of the causes and the effects, most of the problems that people discuss IRL or in their books, are vapid, incomplete, foreign.To learn philosophy is to learn why such or such philosopher created such and such concepts against such and such problems.
For fun
to become a better Human Being
To get a better perspective and breadth in your view of everything around you.Its pure curiosity.Its beyond science, beyond a career, beyond the goals dictated by whatever society you are living in.Its also a way to shed propaganda and certitudes.Its a tool for more constructive thinking, for being able to make sense of everything around you.
Including your desires and why you desire what you desire.Why you want what you want. Why is this or that problematic. Why is it that on some topics you seem to be able to agree and disagree with both sides?Its a way of becoming more conscious of everything, including yourself.
Only right answer
but how does it make someone a better person?
These
This
To distract yourself from the nagging thought that you're perhaps just a little bit too stupid to understand science
This b8 is too bad m8, nobody actually finds science too hard. Most find it too plain, too easy and too understandable to get interested on it.
This. Someone tell Kripke to take a biology class. Idiot.
what is the point of studying philosophy..?How can you proclaim to think when you don't even know how to frame your thoughts?
There's no end to the benefits. You'll understand much more and be able to see through much more bullshit. You'll also realize that virtually everything is posturing and nobody really knows all that much about anything
Study philosophy if you are interested in philosophy, it will be fun.
i kekd
Feel and look smart.
The relevant questions in philosophy have been handed over to physics and sociobiology. Philosophy as history of human understanding is interesting though.
How can you learn to frame your thoughts when you can't think?
How can thought be real if our ideas aren't real?
The relevant questions in philosophy have been handed over to physics and sociobiology.What physics and sociobiology say about meaning of life?
That's not even a relevant question in philosophy
What is the meaning of spiral galaxies?
implying your opinion of relevance is relevant
implying it isn't
Are you mentally ill? Have you ever read philosophy?
No one gives a fuck about it anymore. Philosophy has moved on from circlejerking over shit ethics.
There's no benefit from studying philosophy, thats why you need to study it
For someone that can translate between arabic and greek, this is a stupendous question
so that you can genuinely type 69deep420me ironically on a Liechtensteinian lithography image-swapping board

So that you can make dank memes on /lit which only a few people can understand.
Studying philosophy is funBeing a philosopher is the grandest joy.
So I can be up to date with the latest dank stirner memes
i wouldn't bother with philosophy, just shut up, do what you're told, and work for someone else and have 2 kids, a wife, and a house with a two-car garage.
It doesn't give you solace?
Pic related.
It makes you a better person because you stopping pseudo-intellectuals. Which helps everyone.
Freedom from disturbance. I can't remember the Greek word but it starts with an A. Sorry people are responding to the stem b8 in your thread OP :
this
You know how some people like a really tidy house and care about decorating and furniture? Some people care about the interior of their mind and the ideas, and philosophy is important for that at the very least.
rofl dude you realize that socrates was literally criticizing sophists rhetoricians here as almost diametrically opposed to philosophers?
ataraxia is the word you're looking for. If you have no interest in being self-aware or being aware of the intellectual tradition that has shaped the west, then you should look at philosophy as kind of like working out for your brain. It really does make you sharper/smarter. If you don't have any interest in that then you are a fucking retard.
so you can date hipster girls that wear skirts and tightsits audience pussy or bust
god u must be an insufferable character
I'm to die for.
i'm pretty sure the moral of that passage is that unless you study philosophy you'll end up as stupid as gorgias
kek
Why should one study philosophy? What are its benefits?What is the point of studying philosophy in the modern era?In learning philosophy you may discover that you must make any meaning you wish to exist in the world. You may choose to continue studying philosophy to BOTH increase your understanding of meaning and how to create it AND as a way to create and understand meaning. Or you might not.
Gee, I dunno OP.
u apply philosophy to contemporary culture/society/events, etc and out comes money

all these fields eating at mcdonaldsphilosopher only one making moneysounds about right

amerifats are proud of the fact that there is no place in their society for education

having 2 kidsnot having 2.5 kids2015

Jesus Christ can you even try
whew summer summer summer time fun
The difference between sophists and philosophers is an artificial one for PR purposes by Plato. Philosophy is essentially rhetoric that has tricked people into believing it's more than rhetoric. But it doesn't matter what Socrates thinks, the excerpt shows how being a philosopher/sophist gives you the upper hand.
onedon't do that
Plato admitted to being a sophist multiple times in the dialogues. You should read em
plato being present in his own dialoguesMaybe you should read them.
Socrates is Plato retard
Where to start ?
'Human being' does not need to be capitalised, matey.
That it is an entry level question and the answer is, there is no meaning. Why would a by-product such as life have a purpose?
the Greeks

It's a gateway to math.
That's an overly simplistic reading of the dialogues, silly.
No, he's right. Socrates was just a pseudonym Plato used.
Quine // Foucalt *•~fuckin seriously~•*
and more accurately ?

Only if you understand the word meaning in a religious context.
Shitty bait or a total moron
More of a mouthpiece for opinions he supposedly liked. You lads sure are careless in your interpretations.
not knowing falsificationism is a method created by a card carrying can't know le nuthing fag
dis
In college, don't so it unless paired with another major or unless you want to study law
Implying the scientific method just appeared out of nowhere.
and implying the scientific method, as it is, is final and finished as oppose to mutating and changing.
First tell us why these questions. It is useless to defend something if objections aren't given.
looking for a reason to study an arbitrary pursuit which will always be nothing more than the random collection of insights from philosophersYou might be convinced their wisdom is congruent to your own values and your own way of thinking, when all they really are is the carvings you made on the wall of your cave. You watch the shadows of the fire play across its surface, and you feel an unbearable compulsion to drag long fingernails through the earth and stone, to make your mark on this incomprehensible world. But it's nothing more than the scrawled ramblings of a lunatic trying to predict fire from the shadows it casts.
Pre-Socratics. Much of the big Greek thinkers formulated their theories in response to the inquiries of thinkers like Anaximander and Thales. Get a solid primer on the Pre-Socratics, read it, then read Plato and Aristotle and Epicurus and you will see how these ideas are developed over time.
Because it should not be sufficient for a human being to know how to do a job and how to make a living. It is important to know why one lives, and what one lives for. Failing that, philosophy gives you the tools to question your surroundings and the people around you that you can gradually find the answers that work for you. And whether one likes it or not, to live is to philosophize. Every rationalization or generalization a person ever does is an act of metaphysics, ethics, aesthetics. The question that this raises is: Would you rather living consciously or unconsciously? This is one of the things Plato tries to say with his allegory of the cave.
Fucking typo. I need caffeine. I meant to say "live"
philosophy is certainly necessary in the instances in which one wishes to talk about it, otherwise you end up like this guy
to gain intellectual superiority over others
Philosophy is either a branch of formal logic or a more grandiose statement of "muh feels". Study science or pure math if you want to learn something interesting, and study philosophy so that you can gain status over others by having more cultural capital. Nothing in the "feels" branch of philosophy is interesting anyway, so you should just read some Wikipedia summaries so you can quote the important points.
THERE'S NOTHING FUN ABOUT MEMORIZATION.
MERE SPOOKS
No, but Bean does.
Will philosophy make me a better writer?
being this pleb
 what is the apology
absolutely not

Presumably you are drawn to philosophy because you want wisdom.But what is wisdom?
Philosophy is for poo poo heads, I'd read shit like Animal farm instead, used phulixosphy but is literature so fun and interesting
How does one attain it? "Studying Philosophy" implies that you can attain wisdom through long and wearisome hours of academic study. Is this true?
You are asking how wisdom is beneficial in the modern era?Would it perhaps be more beneficial to be wise in medieval or ancient times? I do not understand what the modern era has to do with it.
It actually does have quite a lot of benefits in most areas of life. Consider these examples. You are trying to make your small business profitable. You might go 'what is a customer?' It's someone who buys things. But what about someone that comes in and tells others to come buy things because of your wares. So you now can't just stock exactly what one customer wants it also has to look good. etc. These kinds of questions come up all the time and being able to analyse these scenarios can give you a real edge.Now consider a relationship. Arguments are common in relationships. I know in many relationship being 'right' is really important. For people that have studied philosophy you can go deeper than that. 'Why is she mad at me? She's the one who was in the wrong?'. But maybe in another sense - an emotional one - she is correct. You can use analysis and logic to be more empathetic and understanding. These are examples just off the top of my head but I am always using logic in life that I know came from my training in philosophy.
what do you think /lit/? i need to get as more critics as i can because i have to make a seminary work for this book.thanks in advance!
Didn't enjoy it as much as his others.
Do your homework by yourself kiddo
Hemingway is only alright.
A catholic seminary?
I wrote my esse like you said. He even wrote me back.
I enjoyed it more than the sun also rises.
In Our TimeThe Sun Also RisesMen Without WomenA Moveable FeastHemingway's best, the rest is lackluster
I've only read A Farewell to Arms and this.AFTA was an excellent book. Thoughrouly enjoyed it.TOMATS was okay. It didn't draw me in like AFTA. It was well written, but I personally couldn't relate to it. Came across as the final whinge before his suicide.
Harold Bloom reporting in 6/10, I like to read it sometimes but not every single day. You can quote me on that
Fabulous work on nautical fiction. 8/10. By the by I have heard that my other favorite author Stephen King dislikes Hemingway but I wonder if he dislikes this particular story? If so I daresay that the man has gone full Homer Simpson in his dotage.
Umberto Eco herethat book is trash, see my Open Work
Dwight Macdonald presentI thought it was midcult AF
Who's your favorite Ulysses character? Mine is Harold Bloom.
i dont read shit, thx.
Mine is Susan "Blazes" Boylean.Just look at this cute, young pullet.
*sorry, I meant Harold BOOM*
Is this the start of an epic new meme?
Mary Bloom

This is one of the oldest /lit/ memes... It was around back when we made DOSTOMOSCOW jokes
i hope horseposter gets banned
I've never heard of those memes and I've been here forever..
J. J. O'Molloy
I'm pretty sure the oldest /lit/ meme is greasysnob.jpg
Is sincerity just a buzzword excuse for the mediocre to take themselves too seriously?
Here's a buzzword for you:
Decided lack of it is an excuse for the mediocre to hide themselves in plain sight
Irony is the defense mechanism of the pathetic. It's rejecting the world before it can reject you.
surprisingly good post in a shit thread
Have you watched The Comedy?
Is this guy a meme? Why are you always posting this big bulged semen demon?
this is actually really accurate.
I'm afraid I'm unfamiliar with it
Yep, sour grapes etc etc
Good lord this board is embarrassing
Are you being ironic or not
I was being completely sincere.
Being an abrasive asshole is also a defense mechanism
Feigning psychological insight is also a defense mechanism
you're idiotsmy vagueness only shows your ignorance to my true intentionHmmmmmm.
Are writers like Jonathan Swift and Oscar Wilde the ultimate villains of New Sincerity?
But  is a fact and that point has been made by many people outside of this board. Unless you mean that it's embarrassing people are reacting in a surprised manner to an old and obvious idea.
Blanket statements about concepts as broad as "irony" are inherently retarded
In this context as evidenced by the DFW pic related OP was clearly referring to the sincerity-irony dichotomy w/r/t/ art and day-to-day demeanor.Or did you not pick up on that?
the sincerity-irony dichotomy w/r/t/ art and day-to-day demeanor.Uh yeah because that isn't broad enough to encompass nearly everything
This was very obvious irony sarcasm btw
Sarcasm is also the defense mechanism of the intellectually infirm.Not to mention the lowest form of wit
Actually platitudes are the defense mechanism of the intellectually infirm
It's not like DFW is just talking about annoying people who try to be sarcastic all the time in his irony essay. He is literally attacking a rhetorical technique that has been around and used to great effect in critiques of power structures and social ills for millennia. The New Sincerity movement is inherently anti-progressive
chill bro I'm just fucking with you
I am interested in this. Could you elaborate, or link me to someplace where I can read more?
"New Sincerity" is just a name for the terminally uncool being uncool. There is no reason to even have this label, except as a new P.C. way of giving dorks and their silly emotions a feel-good thing to call it by.In terms of literature and music specifically, it's just a bunch of losers who stick out because the fields are so touched by the cool. Pynchon writes about conspiracies and rockets; DFW writes about tennis and white people drugs.DFW is actually the kind of guy who'd give people high fives.
Yes, it is.
The main claim of the essay is that irony is no longer effective as a tool for critique, and DFW presents a very good argument that I won't reproduce here because you can reread the essay if you somehow managed to miss the entire point of it. He's not dismissing it because he thinks we shouldn't critique mass culture.anti-progressiveBoo-hoo.
DFW is actually the kind of guy who'd give people high fives.DFW is the kind of guy who won't use hand sanitizer because he feels guilty about killing germs.
Does symbolism actually add anything of value to literature, or is it just added in as fanservice to English professors? Is symbolism something that a decent writer would consciously include in their work? Or is it something that people choose to see, as a result of reading too deeply into an author's meaning?
:,
It's a tool of resonance, which is hard to master. A gamble, if you will, a delegation to the reader.
I wrote a shitload of symbolism into my novel.
it's a parlor trick. prose is the only thing that matters.
Symbolism is retarded. Fuck I hated being in English classes in college where the professor tried to twist every novel that we read to fit their world view.That white man in the 18th century described the kettle as "black". Obviously this is supposed to symbolize colonialism and the oppression of Africans.The dentist pulling that guy's teeth out is symbolic of income inequality resulting from the California gold rush

There isn't any aspect to the novel that isn't a parlour trick, including its prose.The sooner you guys realize that your favourites play up to your idea of what a good novel or good writing is, the better off you'll be.
IntentionalismTrips checked
I set out to write the next Finnegans Wake so I don't think anything can really help me.
It's a way of reinforcing themes without being too heavy-handed.
It's an enrichment, an enlivenment. A way of tying things into the story that are a bit tangential on their own without the added context.and they can be a crutch for hacks trying to make "literary" works. Fucking looking at you, a separate peace.
Symbolism has evolved far past the primitive and heavy-handed analogs of 19th century romanticism and 20th century realism. Authors have long since figured out that blatant symbolism disrupts the verisimilitude of a story and generally makes the readers roll their eyes and groan. It still exists, but on a much more organic and natural level. Take Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury. Benjy the atemporal retard links certain objects to the comfort and warmth of his childhood, mainly the mirror above the fireplace and Caddy's slipper. The emptiness of the space where the mirror used to be which was removed sometime after his childhood very distinctly represents the loss of his childhood. And yet the treatment of this symbolism is very smoothly woven into the story; it is completely natural for a mentally retarded man to latch onto this change in his setting. I guess what I'm getting at is symbolism does exist in the real world. People attach emotional valence to inanimate objects all the time; that's just how the human brain works. But the important thing is that it needs to be done organically and intelligently--sometimes so subliminally that most people won't even notice--and moreover the symbolism needs to be a product of the lens of one of the characters, not the narrator.
So what's the point of recovering meaning from a text? Why make it an academic discipline?If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed. After all, fiction writing is entertainment and nothing more. If the author fails to entertain you, then the work is shit.I feel like English professors are of the same ilk as trekkies, hardcore gamerz, and others who get way too invested in a hobby, the only difference being that English professors have discovered how to turn their hobby into a racket and command veneration for simply being a dork that likes to read a lot.
Art, dear boy.
If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed. After all, fiction writing is entertainment and nothing more. If the author fails to entertain you, then the work is shit.Probably the single most anti-intellectual post on this board, ever.
If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed. After all, fiction writing is entertainment and nothing more. If the author fails to entertain you, then the work is shit.I disagree. There are different tiers of videogames for different tiers of gamers and the same can be correctly said about books. If someone is not good enough at videogames to play x hardcore videogame, has the developer failed? Of course not. He was just shooting for a different demographic of gamer. Like it or not there are dumb people and there are smart people and there are people with long or short attention spans. There are experienced readers who can hone in on the most sublime subtleties and properly appreciate them, and there are boors who can only read Tom Clancy. And the function of books isn't solely to entertain. It's also to enlighten, and if you have not realized that you have not read enough.
How is that view anti-intellectual? Literature can only be of an acceptable quality if its real value can only be deciphered by those with years of education in critical theory and literary analysis?Let me guess, you think Martin Luther was anti-intellectual when he suggested that it was bullshit that the Bible was only available in Latin?
By "average" reader, I meant the book's target demographic.Also,he thinks the feeling of enlightenment is not entertaining in and of itselfIt feels good and keeps you "entertained" with thoughts of your own enlightenment, does it not?
Literature can only be of an acceptable quality if its real value can only be deciphered by those with years of education in critical theory and literary analysis?No but it's misinformed to say that fiction is strictly for entertainment, or that entertainment only comes from surface level readings.
it's misinformed to say that fiction is strictly for entertainmentIts really not. Those feelings you get when you read a book that carries a lot of meaning to you, can accurately be described as [superlative] entertainment. Soul enriching entertainment, sublime entertainment, however you want to describe it. Those feelings of fulfillment you get from reading great literature... its entertainment
So what's the point of recovering meaning from a text?Two reasons: the obvious one being that the author intentionally put it there. The second one is that, if the author did not, it adds depth to the text and the reader's appreciation of it is enhanced. Why make it an academic discipline?I'm not knowledgeable of literary theory or its history, so I don't really know, but if I had to guess it would be due to literary theory or at least modern theory developing primarily in academia. If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed.The general meaning of something should perhaps be noticed by the average reader, but not necessarily comprehended or understood.
dfw not understanding art to this extent
dude, you just don't get itAt what point does a medium for expression turn from "entertainment" to "art", then? The only reason literature is placed on a pedestal compared to other forms of entertainment is it's age, nothing more. Novels used to be considered mindless entertainment until multiple generations of readingfags convinced everyone that it was a valuable art form worthy of respect. You consider the value derived from reading a work of literature to be something more than entertainment specifically because someone told you to. The reality is, its giving you an entertainment double whammy because not only was it a good read, you gain the satisfaction i.e. entertainment of feeling somehow more self aware than those around you.Nothing wrong with enjoying literature, but lets not kid ourselves about why we really enjoy reading.
So what you're saying is you're straight-up retarded, basically. It might be ok to be a Luddite but not realizing you're one isnt.
underrated post
well-written fiction also has the effects of increased vocabulary and fluency, though, both of which have practical applications elsewhere
From a writers perspective it's too easy, you can put symbolism anywhere on a whim just to shoehorn some quick theme into your story, which is a cheap move.Also if you believe it's a good thing when a book doesn't remind you that it's a book all the time, symbolism should be avoided
I think for most writers symbolism comes very naturally and it is only later into the process when you recognise it and perhaps choose to exploit it. I think it would be very bizarre to go 'I'll put some eyes on a billboard and that will mean this...' before you begin. The mind is bizarrely brilliant at creating patterns that are thematic and symbolic. For example you might start a story about a cranky farmer and it starts off with him killing coyotes and putting up a fence. Most people wouldn't have gone 'I'll start with a fence scene so we can seem him build a wall around himself to show what an isolated character he is' but with it in mind that the character is isolating himself from the world you naturally create scenarios that echo this. The sign of a good writer is seeing this and exploiting it to make drama but not something you begin with 'consciously'.
building a fenceBut is that symbolism or character development?
sure is r/books in hereplease kindly share with us specific definition of this "average reader"
you don't enjoy a little symbolism?
meant for
The fence is clearly a symbol of his isolation from the world. Take something simpler. Luke Skywalker wearing white and Darth Vader wearing black. It's not something I suspect any intelligent person would have suggested for its symbolic qualities but like I said the mind is so loaded that when it starts crafting a pure character he's wearing white.
calls other r/booksin same post brings in debaters unpleasantness and muh'logic please define X implying that anon's post was advocating an actual "average reader" mark and not just saying that one should act according to the audience that exists simply epic
A novel is storytelling. Wanting book not to be a book is saying the story should not be a story. But it is. It has a narrator that is constructing an artificial narrative for entertainment. The only thing that would work for you is a novel that was basically documentary. Using minimalist language and describing what happens in sequential order with no dramatic framework. Which might be interesting but the point is that symbolism has lots of uses as a storytelling device and avoiding it to pretend their isn't a narrator is ridiculous and a rule you'd only follow to be pretentious. You wouldn't care as a reader unless it were poorly done. 'Oh is that supposed to be symbolic of his grief? Fucking hell, the dreamstate has been ruined!'
But is he fenced out, or fenced in? PathosIs he figuring out how to best construct the fence? LogosOr is he building a fence for a neighbour's cattle or something? Ethos
It's D. He just likes looking at fences.
How many words do you write a day, /lit/?
a good 2000 - 5000 words of shitposting, you?
Probably 3k shitposting.1k actual work.
Taking a bit of a break right now. 1k/day during school. I'd like to get into writing more this summer, because it's my last chance before grad school starts to write what I want to for a while.
1000, I guess. Plus 1000 of shitposting too.
One.
Wow this is a great post!
Exactly 600
Hey, Tito's Vodka! I know OP pic isn't OP but damn good vodka. Also exactly sixteen
I'd say somewhere in the neighborhood of 100,000.
I don't think you realize how fantastic this post is.
2000 minimum
I like it. Especially since we now have image captcha.
Underrated post.
God, Joey Ramone is hot.
Is it better to write in the morning or at night?
As a whole, counting scribbles on notebooks, /lit/ posting, fiction and random annotations on shit I read, probably around 5k.Fiction alone is more like ~800. Most of what I write is random digressions about living, language and perception; stuff that I later find out someone smarter has said before.
who is this dfw screw?
As many as I feel necessary, comfortable and contented with.I've written 6500 over the past three days, but only 500 today.Literary writing I mean.

28000
probably 10 honey. maybe it's time to lay off the booze you look obnoxious
300 - 500
fiction writing i aim to write 500-1500/day, 5-6 days a week. i'm currently wrapping up a novel at 110,000, which took me a little more than a year to compose.
great taste in Litgreat taste in vodkabased
Not a word and I get all the women.
I wrote ten words.Then realized my book should be totally different and I should restart since I'm only two chapters in.So, negative 7,000.
wow hahaaaaa aaaaa aaur so clever.*pats you on the back*keep up the good work, kiddo :^
Sometimes I'll write down many pages into my journal whenever I'm feeling really angsty or upset.
Me two.
Meh. 500-2000.
drinking Tito's absolutely disgusting
That's what I was going to say.
I average about 100 a day lately, and this is the most productive I've been in months.Someone kill me.
He rose and stood tottering in that cold autistic dark with his arms outheld for balance while the vestibular calculations in his skull cranked out their reckonings. An old chronicle. To seek out the upright. No fall but preceded by a declination. He took great marching steps into the nothingness, counting them against his return. Eyes closed, arms oaring. Upright to what? Something nameless in the night, lode or matrix. To which he and the stars were common satellite. Like the great pendulum in its rotunda scribing through the long day movements of the universe of which you may say it knows nothing and yet know it must.
John Green never fails to deliver the terrible prose lol
in that cold autistic darkDude, it's so dark in here it's fuckin retarded!
This is from The Road
I remember in his AMA he said he loves YA because he can write about human existence without "having to layer it with irony." Ironic, because his prose is empty and while it sounds so advanced and intricate, it's a whole frivolous nothing: Watteau for teenage hearts.
this guy writes so bad i can't even figure out what he means
No it's not. OP posted a picture of John green next to it.
Kek
Yeah, it is, but it's still really bad.
THE MEME MACHINE DOES IT AGAIN
That's written by Cormac McCarthy.
McCarthy's even worse than Josh Green because people think he's any better than a YA author when he just writes edgy westerns for manchildren.
Are these plebs serious? Is /lit/ honestly so stupid that all you have to do is post a pic of John Green and any passage from any book ever and people will think its shit? Man, start posting John Green threads with passages from Finnegans Wake or Cloudstreet and just wait for the autists.
Josh Green 'edgy westerns for manchildren' Trying a bit hard there m80
That excerpt from The Road is atrocious. It doesn't read like YA lit at all, but it does read like a form of self-parody.
I guarantee you you'll never write anything that good in your life.
This writing made me gag. I had to stop before the cringe got too great.
Yeah, if anything The Road is an edgy post-apocalyptic novel for manchildren :^
Tbh it's still pretty cringe.
Hazel finished cleaning the room and said to herself with a sense of satisfaction: "Well, now that's over and done with.' It was as though order had been brought back both to the room and to her own soul. The bed was made, the pillow-case was no longer rumpled, there were no more cigarette-ends on the edge of the bookcase, no more ash on the floor... Then she realized she was lying to herself and that there was only one thing in the world she really needed - Augustus.
it's not shit because you can't do it!!
What does any of that even mean?cold autistic darkWhat the fuck?
It was so dark it impaired his awareness of the world around him.
To seek out the upright. No fall but preceded by a declination. He took great marching steps into the nothingness, counting them against his return. Eyes closed, arms oaring. Upright to what? Something nameless in the night, lode or matrix. To which he and the stars were common satellite.The author does know the stars aren't satellites of earth, right?
They parleyed without dismounting and Augustus lit his small cigarillo and told that he was bound for the markets at Mesilla. Hazel might have traded for some of the meat but she carried no tantamount goods and the disposition to exchange was foreign to them. And so these parties divided upon that midnight plain, each passing back the way the other had come, pursuing as all travelers must inversions without end upon other men's journeys.
Nothing in that passage suggests that they are.
Tim WintonMattering at all
literally tens of thousands of nerdy western girls see him as the pinnacle of literature.
not understanding layers of ironyyou must be from reddit
And so we rolled East, I more devastated than braced with the satisfaction of my passion, and she glowing with health, her bi-iliac garland as brief as a lad's, although she had added two inches to her stature and eight pounds to her weight. We had been everywhere. We had really seen nothing. And I catch myself thinking today that our long journey had only defiled with a sinuous trail of slime the lovely, trustful, dreamy, enormous country that by then, in retrospect, was no more to us than a collection of dog-eared maps, ruined tour books, old tires, and her sobs in the night--every night, every night--the moment I feigned sleep.
there were no more cigarette-ends on the edge of the bookcaseWhat the fuck kind of cunt...
damage control
Watteau for teenage heartsDamn dude...
McCarthy fans, ladies and gentlemen.
To which he and the stars were common satellite.
Calling the stars satellites is beautiful because it implies the earth is standing still and the universe is rotating around it. Sorry it's too high-level for your low-test pleb mind to comprehend.
hooooly shit I had no idea there were so many thoughtless faggots in /lit/actually yes I did, but this allows me to laugh at all of you anew, so I felt like saying something to that effect.
It says the stars are satellites to something nameless, not the earth. Which is literally true.
Stars orbit around the center of the galaxy.If you stand up and hold your arms out for balance, you'll align yourself to the earth, not the galactic center.This book does take place on earth, doesn't it?
"A Klee painting named Angelus Novus shows an angel looking as though he is about to move away from something he is fixedly contemplating. His eyes are staring, his mouth is open, his wings are spread. This is how one pictures the angel of history. His face is turned toward the past. Where we perceive a chain of events, he sees one single catastrophe which keeps piling wreckage upon wreckage and hurls it in front of his feet. The angel would like to stay, awaken the dead, and make whole what has been smashed. But a storm is blowing from Paradise; it has got caught in his wings with such violence that the angel can no longer close them. The storm irresistibly propels him into the future to which his back is turned, while the pile of debris before him grows skyward. This storm is what we call progress."-John GreenDamn...
low-test pleb mindI had never thought that the very soul of /mu/, /lit/ and /fit/ could be amalgamated in a single post.
Why does /lit/ hate John Green again? I hate his work too but I can't quite place why.I'm a little new, sorry.
Kek
Whoa! People don't usually call the dark "autistic," and words like "vestibular," "reckonings," "lode," and "rotunda" aren't used very often either. Because of the rarity of these words and the odd, archaic syntax McCarthy sometimes uses e.g. "To which he and the stars were common satellite", these passages have something of a muscular, lost beauty.We say "muscular" because there's a powerful simplicity to McCarthy's language as well. Even though he's throwing around rare words, he's using them accurately and within a relatively simple syntax. If you haven't noticed, this is the "no-nonsense" part. Plus, McCarthy does away with quotation marks and a lot of punctuation; he rarely capitalizes proper nouns or uses apostrophes.
form your own opinions and develop them yourself.I hate John Green because his audience is largely incapable of independent thought and they regurgitate his shitty "crashcourse" opinions as the gospel truth.
This gets funnier every time you do it.
It makes no difference what men think of cancer, said Hazel. Cancer endures. As well ask men what they think of stone. Cancer was always here. Before man was, cancer waited for him. The ultimate trade awaiting its ultimate practitioner. That is the way it was and will be. That way and not some other way.It's a metaphor, said Augustus
Fuck you you fucking faggot, leave my husbando Benji alone
The line would have read even better as 'that cold idiot dark.'
It means the dark is cold, unfeeling and alien. It's not even a difficult metaphor. Lrn2read mang.
He's saying that he and the stars are common satellite to that nameless thing at the center of existence, bro. Not to the Earth.
Damn dude, this is good, what's it actually from?
autistic is a horribly clinical term and shouldn't really be applied to nature unless for the specific reason of applying a horribly clinical term to nature.
What, truthful and possessed of good taste?
It was fully intended to be horribly clinical, I think. To show how emotion itself means nothing to the events around him.
Daily reminder that this exists and one can actually critique McCarthy without being a pleb
l Iove this meme
lolita
Yes whether it was intentional or not we can't really know but I mean that's what art is isn't it you've built a new perspective, expanded your dynamic view of the natures and human interior - I was merely clarifying why readers find it out of place and therefore off-putting, not much like autistic people themselves - woah, did we just hit another plateau?
McCarthy says that Proust isn't literature. Holy lol
But that article is incredibly plebeian.
Hey I'm not praising Stephen King but I find the criticism of Proulx and McCarthy to be spot-on, as frustrating as it is. The writing is pretentious as fuck for the sake of being pretentious. At least somebody said it.
He closed his eyes in the languor of sleep. His eyelids trembled as if they felt the vast cyclic movement of the earth and her watchers, trembled as if they felt the strange light of some new world. His soul was swooning into some new world, fantastic, dim, uncertain as under sea, traversed by cloudy shapes and beings. A world, a glimmer or a flower? Glimmering and trembling, trembling and unfolding, a breaking light, an opening flower, it spread in endless succession to itself, breaking in full crimson and unfolding and fading to palest rose, leaf by leaf and wave of light by wave of light, flooding all the heavens with its soft flushes, every flush deeper than other.
Except he doesn't imply the dark is stupid or for that matter, has a clinically low IQ, merely that it is has an unabashedly introverted nature. Stop taking 4chan too seriously.
That's not John Green-tier bad to be honest
The writing is pretentious as fuck for the sake of being pretentious.You can't do something "for the sake of being pretentious" unless you're being ironic or satirical, which McCarthy isn't. What you really meant to say is that "their writing is pretentious." The second part isn't necessary. But let's think about this. On some level, McCarthy is popular because people see something in his books that reminds them of "serious literature." Maybe it's the vocabulary or the polysyndetonic phrasing or the Faulkner aping, whatever. Most contemporary serious literature is written in a realist style, which makes McCarthy's prose stick out even more. You couldn't say he's not *trying* to write in this style. But is this necessarily pretentious? If the limits of your language are the limits of your world, why would a writer confine himself to how people talk in contemporary times especially in our times, when even world leaders aren't very articulate? In his essay "What Are Poets For?", Heidegger wrote that in order to turn from what he called the "world's night", which is the result of the flight of the Gods, we must find "traces" of the godhead in our works of language and this was written during Heidegger's linguistic turn, where he embraced the interplay between language and Being. And this essentially means that the poets must extend their use of language such that it encapsulates something of the present while showing a trace of the past, so that a pathway is formed and people of the present can at least partially comprehend a different way of Being. But whether or not you believe in God, the same can be said of modern fiction. If our works of language fail to extend outside of the bounds of the present, then its readers are doomed to the present. At least McCarthy offers a trace.
Pynchon's Mason & Dixon: written in archaic prose modeled off historic documents, great book, well-liked. Yay.Cormac McCarthy's Blood Meridian: poop drivel from the swamp. Just because the guy writes in a particular fashion does not mean the work should be praised.On some level, McCarthy is popular because people see something in his books that reminds them of "serious literature." Ya know, somehow im guessing the controversy between critics over McCarthy's work doesn't boil down to reminiscing over 'serious literature'Most contemporary serious literature is written in a realist styleWhat in god's name qualifies serious literature. Literature that's written with serious intent? Literature that's serious? Literature with serious subject matter? Objectively good literature?You couldn't say he's not *trying* to write in this styleYou could say he's trying to write in this style. What is this nonsense?If the limits of your language are the limits of your world, why would a writer confine himself to how people talk in contemporary times especially in our times, when even world leaders aren't very articulate. What is this shit? The limits of my language are the limits of my world? This sounds like a motivational tumblr post and I can't make sense of it. The structure/style of a novel dictates it's worth? to expand our world we must accept all literature? World leaders aren't articulate? I can't even begin. I'll decline comment on the last section as it seems to be some ramblings about the necessity of writing about the past and present at the same time and how McCarthy did it, which is irrelevant to the point that McCarthy utilizes nonsense words and adjectives for no reason other than making himself look quirky
Then, just as happens on a terrace in the moonlight, when one person begins to feel ashamed that he is already bored, and yet as the other sits silent, very quiet, sadly looking at the moon, does not like to speak, moves his foot, clears his throat, notices some iron scroll on a table leg, stirs a leaf, but says nothing - so Augustus did now. For why go back like this to the past? he thought. Why make him think of it again? Why make him suffer, when she had tortured him so infernally? Why?
The limits of my language are the limits of my world? This sounds like a motivational tumblr post and I can't make sense of it.lol i love when people reveal themselves as plebs so badly
You bastard I was going to submit a misattributed quote to John Green thread today.
a motivational tumblr postWell, kind of.
 “A legion of horribles, hundreds in number, half naked or clad in costumes attic or biblical or wardrobed out of a fevered dream with the skins of animals and silk finery and pieces of uniform still tracked with the blood of prior owners, coats of slain dragoons, frogged and braided cavalry jackets, one in a stovepipe hat and one with an umbrella and one in white stockings and a bloodstained wedding veil and some in headgear or cranefeathers or rawhide helmets that bore the horns of bull or buffalo and one in a pigeontailed coat worn backwards and otherwise naked and one in the armor of a Spanish conquistador, the breastplate and pauldrons deeply dented with old blows of mace or sabre done in another country by men whose very bones were dust and many with their braids spliced up with the hair of other beasts until they trailed upon the ground and their horses' ears and tails worked with bits of brightly colored cloth and one whose horse's whole head was painted crimson red and all the horsemen's faces gaudy and grotesque with daubings like a company of mounted clowns, death hilarious, all howling in a barbarous tongue and riding down upon them like a horde from a hell more horrible yet than the brimstone land of Christian reckoning, screeching and yammering and clothed in smoke like those vaporous beings in regions beyond right knowing where the eye wanders and the lip jerks and drools.”
riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bendof bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back toHowth Castle and Environs.
You autistic fuck, he's using "something nameless in the night" as a metaphor for purpose, not using it as a position which things could orbit around. Something is propelling him, he can't name it, but he feels like the entire universe centers around it. Jesus Christ, go back to /sci/ if you can't understand basic tools of language. Or better yet, stop grasping at straws to discredit an author when you don't know anything about literature.
Call me Ishmael. Some years ago—never mind how long precisely—having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world. It is a way I have of driving off the spleen and regulating the circulation. Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people’s hats off—then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can.
First sentence is literally le wrong generation xDStopped reading there
for all the shit mccarthy gets on this board, this passage in blood meridan is terrific. the entire scene, with indians in wedding dresses raping the americans is fantastic and made me want to throw up

It's just one shitposting faggot mad because his genre fiction thread got shut down. McCarthy is a above average writer.
That article is incredibly pretentious. I couldn't finish it.
CloudstreetWhat le fug? Tim Winton is a big dumb babby tbh
fuck, i forgot how incredible that opening is
what the fuck????? Rowling can't write for shit
 But as in landlessness alone resides highest truth, shoreless, indefinite as God—so, better is it to perish in that howling infinite, than be ingloriously dashed upon the lee, even if that were safety! For worm-like, then, oh! who would craven crawl to land! Terrors of the terrible! is all this agony so vain? Take heart, take heart, O Bulkington! Bear thee grimly, demigod! Up from the spray of thy ocean-perishing—straight up, leaps thy apotheosis!
Funny how Ishmeal doesn't even get to have this beautiful, romantic spiritual death he so desperately yearns for.
The trouble with foolish Homo sapiens sapiens is such as this: They are merely foisted aside at a mere cast of wind every now and then. For those enlightened amongst of them, though, if you're lucky, they will be of an open-mind, And also that there repertoire mightn't be overgrown by a frivolous fear of the unascertained.
I don't know, he seems to think that because something has mainstream praise and students are told it's important it must be so.
Thanks for the explanation and the invective.
coffin warehousesI've never seen a coffin IRL, let alone a warehouse full of them
The constant greenposting has made me familiar enough with his writing that I could tell this wasn't him.
, 
, 
Only since the other is at the brink of getting purged, yet leaving so many works without proper critique.I'll begin with my collection.an excerpt of a piece I'm giving more serious attention to, its abstractness precludes me from finding any good material to follow from.it is with a strengthening envy alongi trip the axis in celestial danceand point heavenwards where bellowed longmy thunder, filling sky's expanse.to a wilderness that's me and once belongdo from which i'm divine selectdawdle, in return for defeating songthen sit to pour from old spirits.an outline serene, pierced this dimming phase.your spectre, in past reflection grows.all striking resemblance but shrouding hazein which no fashion worse could pose.Should I just leave it out altogether? Also, all serious submissions are accepted, please don't leave anything unattended.
A New Age is BornStick it up your fucking arse,you don't know shit,your fucking time is past.Shot out of your mother's clit,they should've fucking killed you thenyou ugly sweat-stained bullshit artist.You're a ponce, you like to suck of menand stretch the place that should be farting.'You only get Aids if you're gay',my dad said, he knew his shit:he drunk ten cans of beer a day,he really made the most of it.So no more writing about how youlike to think about pink flowers and othergay shit like a cow's fucking moo,a cow is a cow and a whore is your motherwho squirted out your worthless bodyriddled with stupid bollocks about nature.You'll never write enough for an audibecuase you're a big fat fucking faker.
I liked the imagery in your second one :3That's not even in any sort of meter.Hexadexaiambically fucked up.
Fuck off.
Cautullus, is that you?I'm not feeling this m80. It's too literal and shock-based. There's nothing wrong with vulgarity in poetry but this isn't even poetic. I'm kind of cautious about critiquing because you sound bitter as fuck.
I hide I sleep ehMay I die I stop thinking Shame pours overRemorse infiltratesHate grows within uhEscape is toKick the bucketScary ayePainful twitching Coward Living with hateSorrow beats me upSolution is toChange itScarier right?Hurts more not even bitching Sick of being a cowardDissect self, screaming fateVoice cracks upRepair egoEyes, founts of tearsFar away, life is seen
Don't give a shit what you think.Sorry that it is too classical for your damp poncey philosophising.
I'm not  but:Civility, man. We're not jumping you here. Seriously, what did you expect when you come to a critique thread, submit, only to drop bombs on everyone that dares near you? That's stupid, I'll tell you that upfront.
are you 12?
When the bandits have stolen your jewelry and goneAnd your crippled young gypsy, he's grown tall and strongAnd your dead misconceptions have proven you wrongWell then, princess, where you plannin' to turn to?When your magazine memory has spun you aroundAnd you realize your lovers were just painted clownsAnd outside your window you start hearing soundsWhere they're building a cross for to burn youWhen all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your teardrops go sour and no longer fallThe splash cross the virgin that lives down the hallAnd spends all her nights with an ear to your wallWell then, what will you have you can offer?When the firedancers finish and leave you aloneWith nothing but embers and sacks full of stoneThat hang 'round your neck, slicing through to the boneWill there still be a place for your laughter?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your shattered illusions come a-tumblin' homeAnd all of the butchers you've nourished have grownAnd they are suddenly able to leave you aloneAnd they run like slaves that are set freeWhen your questions are answered and your pleading is doneAnd your mind starts a-screaming that you ain't the oneThat once dwelled within you, will you turn, will you runBut princess, will you come home and get me?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?
Was the point of this to be as incongruous as possible? There is no specific meter or rhyme scheme. Moreover, your diction fails to convey any feelings or images at all.
I'm hard as nails.Niggger, yeah I went there.
am i a pleb if i like this
no specific meter or rhyme schemeliterally abab rhyme schemeAnon, please.
You think I give a fuck about the rules?Oh no, my poem about how gay most poetry is isn't gay enough, whatever shall I do?
The Locals Eat ChipotleAnd me, I’m no stranger to culms of bamboo.In bubbling cauldrons of hot pork chop stew.The cyanide, coconut, sweet pickled string stalks Are tumbling down streets where they don’t know the climate.Atlantic coast rock beaches native to pandas Where leopards and rice-field ratssleep at the wharf of Boothbay.Don’t go confusing home life with hotelsThings never do work out When we lie to ourselvesHow could a personstill live that way now? Turning limp cartwheelsin dried up canals.The spirits you slept on moved West after Wednesday And now all the paddies are next door to juice stands.Where forty years prior our ancestors just made itAnd half of me used to fly in plasticine steamships Your other side sometimes still overcooks the brothAll of the reverends you made into statues Are kind of at fault now for why they can’t move.Don’t you forget what old acronyms spellThings often don’t work when we lie to ourselvesAnd you, half your pride points are rooted in skin tone.So forty-five colors are all royal purpleWhile orange pulp and pajama robes falter towards laminateCard stock and flower headswallop propellor fins Slithering adjectives grope to your viscera Holinshed’s ospreys are fishing for contretemps Masked finfoots fulminate over your nakedness How could we get lost inside such minor acreage?Often when we sneak aroundThings don’t work out When we lie to ourselves

Arse, PastArtist, FartingBut anon, it doesn't stick to this; only the last three stanzas have abab.
A fair amount of well-regarded poets were rolling pussy in their day, I hope you realize that. Stupid question: is The Locals Eat Chipotle meant as an opening line or simply a title? It works both ways for the most part, I'm just curious about where you're intentions are.
It's eye rhyme, do you even read poetry?
tfw a dumb troll is getting more attention than anyone in this thread asking for a serious critique
Are you though?
His time is almost up. Please be understanding.
This.Everybody just ignore the troll and move on.
Fucking pussyholes.
All of the eye rhyme I've seen is normally more similar visually than "arse" and "past." "Artist" and "farting" is bit more obvious, but it is still a tad dissimilar.
I realize this sounds a bit archaic; I need to read more modern poetry. Working on that.What legion scales this narrow steepTo drive that monstrous brigand henceWho stole upon me sleeping sweetTo make my keep a bandit's tent?He rapes my stores, he drains my casks,Through drafty halls his croak resoundsHis hollow bark and crooked laughCommand a ring of slav’ring houndsEvacuate that sucking leech,He quaffs my blood from carnal vatsHe tyrannizes thought and speech,That bloody ulcer growing fatThat lucid air is sounding now,A music with a foreign bendIn golden rills it signals loud:The despot's rule come to an end
 song lyrics, disregard kolstiall need critique except those two i mentioned
kolstiSo it's copypasta?
Instead of telling others to critique, why don't you help the process along and do it yourself?
why is it necessary to read modern poetry? You can use modern words without reading modern poetry...
I'm sending all my words backto the people who need them--people who wear scars likewar trophies, like jewelry, likean identification for those sufferingfrom the same acceptance ofself-hate. this is to the peoplewho sleep with one eye open, whocry when footsteps enter their roomat night; this is to the girlswho love by cutting their heartsinto snowflakes and watchingthem melt. I left you behind andI can't be sorry for that.you are the type of beautifulthat kindly asks the worldto fuck off. the days we buriedhave decomposed, headstones aresnapshots; sanitized breakdowns,rusty tongues, sighs lacedwith fear, I love you, I loveyou. saturdays were the bestbecause we could sleep throughthe nightmare. you painted me apicture of the world with your wordsand they made us wash it awayfor being transparent.we were afraid of nothingbut the monsters in our eyelids.back then, we counted dayslike shooting stars; it took 67to wish myself away. thisis for you, skygazer; I keep youin my fingers because youslipped through the holes inmy heart.
My other works
some awful enveloped pentameter with iambs and anapests. I'm most interested in writing about digital life in edgy visual free verse but I have to practice actual metre and such first.The StreamI'll peddle excuses for you if promised notTo be forgotten. Please review my requests,My dearth of sentiment and soulless nestOf Consumables, packages, and detached plain thoughts.You've nothing left to feel, yet tastes must be formed.But have all seen my nail collection? They've droppedFrom my body, pained toes and cast-offs, pasted -- cropped.I'll bookmark and save, contribute greased and porned.Don't force it if it doesn't feel natural. The subject and images you've sought there wouldn't work otherwise.Hmm. Very expressive, that's for sure, but too oppressive and single minded for me - but it's plain to see that's what you're going for. Watch out for cliches "kick the bucket" and overwrought phrases "repair ego".
true but I take inspiration from older poetsby modern I don't mean modern words strictly, but modern forms
Today she was riding her bicycle to work, breathing in the ripe spring air, the sun flashing behind tall buildings.She was putting her jacket in her locker, hanging her helmet on the hook.She was reading emails, writing emails, deleting emails.She was walking to the café with her co-workers, carrying her red silicone cup, laughing.She was taking phone calls, making phone calls.She was taking a photo of her boss staring out the window, trying to think of a good caption.She was sitting in the courtyard, shaded by a small tree in new bloom, eating falafel and a sliced apple.She was straightening the things on her desk.She was twisting a small bunch of hair between her fingers as she held the cursor over 'Send'.She was reading a blog post written by someone funny, about a movie she hadn't seen yet.She was setting out next week's appointments and meetings in the diary.She was stepping out into the cool air, looking up to find an evening star.She was choosing a bunch of bananas from the display, tapping her thumb on the handle of her basket.She was brushing her shoes on the doormat, trying to fit the key into the lock with too little light.She was on the phone with a friend across the world, listening, smiling.I was sitting on the bus, thinking about her.Why can't I write happy poems, lit?
My mind did not even stir once reading all those words.
lol seems like you can't write good ones either
I've been writing poetry for a decade.I can barely manage to push myself to write nowadays, let alone focus if I initiateWhen I start reading something that resembles poetry now, my brain practically shuts off and I immediately begin scrolling. I used to love reading all sorts of poetry. I don't think I can enjoy it anymore.
song lyrics. critique always appreciatedPrince faced fox is racingSub-urb-stray some dog he's chasingCherub red crash-test car he's speedingStage read dead prince he's drama lovingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endFoxy street sleek sidewalk skippingFixed face fox prince is grinningPrince street dance like a child prancingSome torn up slum the prince fun lovingWake up prince he's never sleepingPrince midnight sleep he's always waitingDaytime prince dream he's walkingBacks of his eyes, matte black paradingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endPrince pretend genuine-ingPrince pretend genus defendingOut-lied fox genus never endingThey're para-dicing island skippingSnakebite prince throat chewingSnake throat choke he's writhingWatch him screeching, watch fox screechingSnake stuck prince throat he's screamingPeter Prince he's neverlandingPeter Prince and he's never endingRush ahead, his delta's comingAnd his black sea's staring, the prince is cryingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's end
I enjoyed this. You have great ideas.
Is this a meme?
There was no poignancy in her deathThe air was still and scentedOnly the somber efficiency of the pallbearers allowed for any sense of forward motionOnce lowered, we laugh-as tribute to another timeShe would not have liked that
Que muera la poesía en mi caja torácicaque ya no soporto el dolor al abrazarme tan fuerte a mi mismaEstabas allí antes de nacer, mucho antes Te veo difuminadoarrastrando tus extremidades hacía mi, aletargado¡qué dolor! cómo separarme, cómo impedirmeloEfusivamente necesito tu alientote quiero cálido e imperfecto, te quiero mudo con ojos de cocodriloquiero que los límites los ponga la gravedad, no el desazónequiparando el amor con el drama, siempre, que no se borran estos dolores de palabrasque no vesque no vestirsequé esculpido está el destino si uno confía en las maldicionestantas jodidas bromas infinitasconquisté para mi reino cada centímetro imprudentemente de tu cuerpo.
Bump
My time is swiftly rolling onWhen I must faint and die;My body to the dust returnAnd there fergotten lie.Let persecution rage aroundAnd Antichrist appear;My silent dust beneath the ground;There's no disturbance there.To call poor sinners to repentAnd seek their Savior dear.My brother preachers, boldly speakAnd stand on Zion's wall.Confirm the drunk, confirm the weakAnd after sinners call.My loving wife, my bosom friend,The object of my love,The time's been sweet l've spent with you,My sweet and harmless dove,My little children near my heartMy warm affections know.From each the path will I attend.O from them can I go?!O God, a father to them beAnd keep them from all harm,That they may love and worship TheeAnd dwell upon Thy charm.How often you have looked fer meAnd often seen me come.But now I must depart from theeAnd nevermore return.My loving wife, don't grieve fer me,Neither lament nor mourn;Fer I will with my Jesus beAnd dwell upon his charm.
I'm not a big fan of prose poetry, so I'm probably being prejudiced, but I didn't care for this too much. It's a bit too literal, and didn't have any striking imagery. I think this would work better as a prose piece.Like you yourself said, this is quite abstract. Unlike a lot of free verse that gets posted on /lit/, this has a pretty good rhythm. I'm not really sure what it's trying to convey, but I like how it sounds when read aloud.This has a very stilted rhythm, but I think for what it's conveying that works well. Can you explain the "eh" and "uh" bits? I'm not particularly fond of this, but I like that it manages to be stark and spare without being too edgy like a lot of depressing poetry.This has a bouncy rhythm that I like. Uses repetition well, too. I found it vaguely funny, not sure if that was intentional. Interesting word choices, like "magazine memory".A rare specimen of good free verse, best ITT.Lovely poem. Dope enjambment. Really like "the days we buried/have decomposed".And now for my paltry lines:Idle is a darkened mindIt wants to stray, but cannot findA thing to claim its fading dayIt finds no rest, as vapid wavesThroughout its lofty chambers spillTill drowned in empty thought, it fills
Townes van Zandt wrote this and I always thought it sounds a lot like It's All Over Now Baby Blue by Bob Dylan at least lyrically.
a rare specimen of good free verseK-k-kolsti?but in all honesty, it's really well done.
I like this, good job having proper rythm and metreGets weaker as it goes though, I thinkThe theme is also a bit thin, but I enjoyed overrall.Here is a modest one of mine I think I might have posted last threadTrough the keyhole, I cannot seethe picture whole, only slightly,can I perceive the symphonyof what happens behind the door.Yet I spend days, trying to catchtrying to heartrying to watchwhat would happen, if I perhaps,could slide a finger trough the gapsAt night, though, I do wellI can picture great shining bells,the marble walls of citadelsthat await me behind the door.I dread the hour someone like meled by a marvelous idea,will, through this keyhole alignhis wondering gaze into mine.
I decided to synthesize a period of highschool poems I wrote about this girl, with a much-improved sense of rhythm but all of the cringe of the past.The pain, and the pangs, swirl into a neurotoxin,Obsessing like I'm depraved so I fight the thoughts with more thoughtsIn the vein of self-deprecation, pre-emptive self-preservationFor if I even approached you I'd just invite condemnationBut I'm stuck 'cause this mental mixture is now a permanent fixtureI'm too fucked too be included, but you're always in the pictureOn my mind's eye, so despite my certitude that I'm unworthyWhen I'm in your presence I can't force myself to stop observingI'm too insecure to hold your gaze past a few secondsIt's confusing that you'd even grace my being with your essence.I curse the fates for feeding me this dream,.Curse destiny for stringing me along to make it seemLike you might ever deem me more than insignificant or wretchedWish that I could shake you from my soul just like an etch-e-sketchBut I'd rather shatter it first.Once you started speaking to me I didn't know what to doI didn't want to be myself 'cause that wasn't worthy of youBut there was no one else for me to be,You would've never needed me,So when you asked to lean on me to sleep I couldn't breatheThe pattern of our morning bus ride ritual 'cause I believedThat I deserved breath less than you deserved undisturbed restWhile granting me the gift of feeling your face near my chest,Your hair so soft and the steady rise and fall of your breastThe afternoon that you invited me into your life,I refused it out of fear, idiocy rationalized,I wish that you had pushed and that I wasn't such a piece of shit'Cause even as it happened I just knew that that was it:There would never be another chance,Said no 'cause I was fucking scared to dance.I don't buy into superstition nor intuition,But the feeling I got when I saw you walk into the officeThat one day when I was late to class, and thought it was oddIn retrospect seems like a warning since that's the last time that I saw youWhich doesn't matter much.You're the first person I was certain I was in love with,Haven't overwhelmed my cowardice 'cause I *still* don't have the might."'Tis better to have loved and lost," they say; I say,'Tis better to have tried and failed, than have declined, and failed despite.
In comes off as lyrics really. I read it with a cadence that people probably won't pick up on unless they're trying to fit it into a meter the same way that I am, so there are for instance some fucked-looking rhythm patterns.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
noicemore alliteration needed
Fairy dust...Dust, dust at dusk,Purple sky and sparkles fly,Ashes in the ocean now,To and fro, forever--how?Moon, and moonlight,in the sky below--Reflection of reflectionReflected in your eyes,Full of the sky,You fear to tear,You fare to tear,Another strip of soul to bareUpon the rack and dry and blackAs raisins, withered, brazen,Only 'til a challenge rears it's horrid head,Dysphoria, enigmatic, ever-presentDysphoria, aenergetic, effervescent,Boiling, roiling to surround the mind,Of a monkey, in a cage,Invisible though present day to day,Swimming, only,Through this dark'ning pool,Dusk is no longer,The sky reflects the night,Reflects the light,Reflects the might of solitary unitsEver further away than one might imagine,For, you see it here,But closer as you get,As you comprehend it with your mind,You'll never find that you've arrived,until it's time,Like plants which one might find to skip though time--Or simply die, wither and die--When one turns the blind eye to spy,To fly, Aladdin rides the sky like surfers ride the Nile,To walk the sky, I'll need a magic carpet made of warmth,And warmth, and warm in color, and warm another way,The way that leaves of it's own accord,Or the way that was taken by the sky itself,And its reflected subject,Off a cliff and into the rays,Into the sky and drifting,Into clouds,into stars,nothing.
let me know if I got the metre down at least.Threefold TreeThe sighing, shrugging evening sun does floodAnd drench the branches 'cross my threefold tree.The fronds and arms more near the star most glow.Transmissions warm and bathed - recall my bliss.Between excels the green comfort of limbsGone out on, pleased apartment, girlfriend, more...But distant from the sun's assuring rays, Hang hardened arteries and photo sets.
The meter is consistent, straight iambic pentameter. Your word choice flows very well within said meter; you really make use of the iambs.Simple and bittersweet. Direct, but not so much that I mind it.
Reminiscent of Poe in form, theme and verbiage. The rhythm is consistent, and the ambiguity makes the poem somewhat suspenseful. I'm left with questions and compelled enough to reread.
Looking down at what I've done I begin to shudderAs I stare at what protrudes As I stare at where my skin becomes meat The fine line between pale white and crimsonPain and pleasure When was the last time someone caressed my skin..Racked with pain the agony takes holdIt holds a gentle light against the insanityEver welcoming the path lies well trodden Paved and obscure the curious lie closeWhen was the last time I felt curiosity...Again a wave of pain shackles me to realityAgain I shudder and again I start to cryIt wasn't meant to end like thisI only wanted to be like everyone elseI just wanted to be normalFull of myself and confidenceInstead I've broken all the mirrors in rageWhen was the last time I caught myself smiling...AgainAnd again Until the rhythmic waves of pain align with my very beingEnduring the relativity of the time I have left I'll live a thousand different lives before I dieBy my very own handsHave I always felt this empty..I feel as though it needs something
The ShedThe livid clamour echoed and bangedOff steel walls where true wrath hanged,Dangling and loose, and ready to be graspedBy murderous intent which these two masked.As the standing laughed at the seated, Whose composure was almost depleted,He did not take heed of his scrunched glowerBecause it was hid under the roof's cold bower.Approaching now to rub it in,Shamelessly flaunting sardonic grin,Well unaware of the claw that sat besideThe glazed over boy that did not meet his eyes.Turned towards with endearment to deceive,It would not be the boy but his mother bereaved,As handle shot up and in the same motion fell On curly, black locks where blood began to well.
I made this a while ago and I really want to improve it while still keeping the simplicity, not really sure where to start.I wish I was the showerthat cleans you of your fearsevery drop a part of mecovering your naked body and soulas the old drops drip awaynew ones take their placeuntil you've had enoughand turn me offand that's oknow it's my turn to showerand your turn to wash awaywhen we're no longer dirtywe'll leave this cursed placewe'll go to where there is no wenor I nor you nor theysomewhere new and magicalthat words cannot explain
it's gay
Wish I could squeeze out mediocre fiction and be rewarded with millions because highschool politics projected into a medieval setting and machiavellianism are such broadly appealing themes.
Wish /lit/ would stop botching about Gnome of Scones
mediocrethat's generous.
/lit/ is full of failed writers and unemployed phylosophy grads. They are mad that GRRM wrote shit that actually gets published.
Gnome of Sconeslel
No, we're also mad that this 6th rate Twilight fanfic got published and went on to make millions. It's enough to make me hope for an asteroid strike or a global pandemic.
It's more about the rabid fan maturation over the series for me. Seriously, the most zealous fan base there is right now
Considering Gene Wolfe pointed out that The Divine Comedy is sci-fi, is it safe to say it is the greatest work of science fiction ever written?
I like Wolfe but that sci-fi remark is dumb as hell. Theology is a form of literary analysis, not a sofr science.
It would be sci-fi if you believed in the cosmology part of religion and considered humans to be literally made out of mud and God's breath, which I don't.But yeah it was pretty cool. Banter about polititians thinly veiled in a huge work of philosophy and moral, coated with farting demons to make it entertaining.
No of course not.But can we talk about pic related? Nobody I know has read it, but it seems interesting as all hell.but the greatest work of science fiction will forever be Dune
woops, pic related
How exactly is it sci-fi? I don't remember Dante trying to give scientific explanations of what was happening. If anything, you would call it fantasy.
To Dante theology was the ultimate science, how we now see chemistry, physics, biology and similar he saw theology. So to Dante writing The Divine Comedy was akin to what writing sf is the Wolfe today.
According to Gene Wolfe, theology is one of the soft sciences, like social science, and therefore the DC is science fiction
Theology is a form of literary analysis,U WOT M8?
How could the Divine Comedy be sci-fi? Even if you accept that theology was viewed as a form of science back then, the Divine Comedy wasn't a speculative work set in the future relative to the time of its writing. It was set in the present day, and was about explaining how things were then and in the past.If anything, the Divine Comedy is more like a travel guide mixed with political commentary. Dante's writing belongs in the same genre as Anthony Bourdain's TV shows.
I can actually see some similarities between Doctor Who and Dane viz the other world stuff. I kind get his point
Just ordered this, in hardback. From the reviews I've read on goodreads, it looks like it's making a serious statement in the sci-fi genre.
How could the Divine Comedy be sci-fi? Even if you accept that theology was viewed as a form of science back then, the Divine Comedy wasn't a speculative work set in the future relative to the time of its writing.Sf isn't necessarily about the future and even when it is it mostly servers for speculative purposes. It was set in the present day, and was about explaining how things were then and in the past.And how they will be in eternityIf anything, the Divine Comedy is more like a travel guide mixed with political commentary. Dante's writing belongs in the same genre as Anthony Bourdain's TV shows.His tv shows are epics?
Was he right?
I once wrote a paper comparing Mustapha Mond of BNW to The Grand Inquisitor--both making the decision on behalf of humanity that control, even at the price of free will, leads to a greater standard of living than the approach of John and Jesus, respectively. The "he" in your question is not specific enough for me to answer you, but I think it's definitely not a retarded question to ask: "if we could make sure everybody is fed and sheltered, satisfying the base requirements of Maslow's hierarchy, even if that means the upper levels self-actualization, etc. are unobtainable, is that better than giving people free will, and allowing great swaths to suffer?"
I am referring to the Grand Inquisitor himself. I feel as if Dosto wrote it with negative intentions, but I thought at the same time Ivan raised some pretty valid points. I really am a fan of Alexei more than Ivan, but in this chapter he sounds pretty reasonable.
The grand inquisitor literally btfo religion
Oh, for fuck's sake, spare me the smallness of merely terrestrial minds.Neither Mond nor the Inquisitor have power over life and death, and neither of them even begin to claim to have power over what lies BEYOND death. If all the needs of all the world were met- what of it? All men must die regardless, all men must shit their pants and moan in pain and succumb finally to the great rot that swallows up even the best of folk. No utopia in this world can account for death. At best it can give men a decent burial, but such ceremony is farcical when it celebrates an end to life.By contrast, Jesus says: "Believe in me, and death is not the end." Christ promises something far, far greater than any empty pledge of a utopianist or a moralist: Christ promises life eternal, a life that truly begins when our life ends, and a life where death dies. Moreover, it is a life of eternal bliss, for as Augustine, no small thinker himself, states, we shall know more satisfaction in the afterlife than we could ever know in this one.Jesus, in short, promises Eternity, an offer no earthly authority can match.
Re-read it, it literally praises church as a necessary institution to control the masses, regardless of the historic or factual accuracy of biblical teachings
The supreme institution that was the church in Inquisitorial era spain could be interchanged with any authoritarian govt
Only this dead kike can answer existential questionsThe real, logical conclusions of humans mean nothing compared to the childish, antiquated idea of the existence of a god
Well now, that's not what I said, is it?I said that earthly authority doesn't even try to answer questions about the next life. We're left to wonder what the Grand Inquisitor would say if someone asked him, "But what about death?"You may disagree with Jesus, but he tells you what he offers when you die. Who else can claim that? Who else claims authority over death, and what lies beyond?
You can entertain the thought of something without accepting it wholly.
Anybody can claim to know what happens after death. Why do the teachings of some guy 2000 years ago hold any relevance? Every culture in history has had their own iteration of what happens after death. It's all a load of shit that has no factual basis, and religion as a whole is something that was used to rationalize natural phenomena for thousands of years until the knowledge of modern science became widespread. With modern science, religion is just an antiquated idea
religion as a whole is something that was used to rationalize natural phenomena for thousands of yearsDo you have anything to support this, i.e. that pre-scientific cultures felt the need to rationalize natural phenomena, and that religious explanations of phenomena are actually effective as explanations?
Oh, son, you have no idea. You have no appreciation for the fairies lurking in your garden.
An example would be the Greeks saying that lightning was Zeus throwing shit from the heavens or Christians saying that the earth was made in 6 days by god. With a basic understanding of evolution and the earths atmosphere, the above examples are easily debunked by modern science. Just look at any literature pre 1800s, its almost impossible to find some natural event or disaster that isnt rationalized by gods
It's naive to think evolution and theories of how the earth became a thing are absolute.
The service may be considered considerably lacking.Is this sentence grammatically correct?
BUMPUMP
YesAlthough in practical usage, it could cause confusion and should probably be worded differently.
What if I was a rebel and actually wanted to fuck with peoples heads, man?Fuck the system!
I'm having difficulty parsing your sentence.
The participle phrase "to be" before considerably would help to clarify that "considerably lacking" is the direct object of the verb considered, and that considerably is not an adverb modifying considered. Unless it is.
Why not have both?
Considerably is either modifying the direct object, that being lacking, or the verb. It can't do both.
Faggot.
cool picture
HB: I spend a good part of my life in bookstores – I give readings there when a new book of mine has come out, I go there to read or simply to browse. But the question is what do these immense mountains of books consist of? You know, child, my electronic mailbox overflowing with daily mesages from Potterites who still cannot forgive me for the article I published in Wall Street Journal more than a year ago, entitled "Can 35 Million Harry Potter Fans Be Wrong? – Yes!" These people claim that Harry Potter does great things for their children. I think they are deceiving themselves. I read the first book in the Potter series, the one that's supposed to be the best. I was shocked. Every sentence there is a string of cliches, there are no characters – any one of them could be anyone else, they speak in each other's voice, so one gets confused as to who is who. IL: Yet the defenders of Harry Potter claim that these books get their children to read.HB: But they don't! Their eyes simply scan the page. Then they turn to the next page. Their minds are deadened by cliches. Nothing is required of them, absolutely nothing. Nothing happens to them. They are invited to avoid reality, to avoid the world and they are not invited to look inward, into themselves. But of course it is an exercise in futility to try to oppose Harry Potter.Byatt - Ms. Rowling's magic world has no place for the numinous. It is written for people whose imaginative lives are confined to TV cartoons, and the exaggerated more exciting, not threatening mirror-worlds of soaps, reality TV and celebrity gossip. Its values, and everything in it, are, as Gatsby said of his own world when the light had gone out of his dream, ''only personal.'' Nobody is trying to save or destroy anything beyond Harry Potter and his friends and family.Your hatred and love of course for the series, fans, the people being quoted and RowlingAre Bloom and Byatt correct?
His chin looks like a scrotum.
I would really like to know what got him into reading. Some simplistic fantasy story for children? Quite likely.
So will yours someday.
Don't care about Bloom; he's simply being an idiot about children's literature.Byatt is, I think, right as far as it goes; but I still think they're decent children's books even given all that. Pastiche isn't the end of the world.
Nah, it'll probably look more like a bag of milk.
He was reading and praising Crane and Whitman when he was 9 years old.
If he sees the current state of simplistic fantasy stories for children as a problem, he likely wouldn't hesitate to say that of the past as well.If he did get into reading through a simplistic fantasy story for children, doesn't that give him a better position to critique them?
If he sees the current state of simplistic fantasy stories for children as a problem, he likely wouldn't hesitate to say that of the past as well.Yeah except this guy is a walking pair of rose-tinted nostalgia goggles.
Nope, it was the poets Hart Crane and William Blake.
Damn, thought I had him. Still think he's not giving those books the credit they deserve, I know loads of people who got into reading because of them.
Harold Bloom is only good for book recs. His literary criticism of books he likes is banal and shallow, the only things he says that everyone doesn't already know are "this is very Gnostic" and "this character is similar to this character in Shakespeare". He frequently employs the former and always employs the latter.His criticism of works he doesn't like is purely elitism. Not that books don't deserve criticism, just that his is very poor.
Harold Bloom is my favorite Ulysses character.
I'm more interested in what Harold Boom has to say about it.
Can you imagine if they had gotten into reading with something even better ?
That would require them to be as intelligent as Harold Bloom.
Surely some of the kids can still do better than Harry Potter
The criticism he compiles in those anthologies is good though
Pretty much everybody I know claims to have read every HP book within a 24 hour period, and I believe them, because I did that too. The issue isn't "Could people be reading something better in their free time", because all Westerners have an over-abundance of free time. Rather, it's "Are they reading as opposed to doing something else with their free time." I will be the first to admit that HP is completely devoid of substance, but that really doesn't matter. If even 1 out of every 100 children raised on HP went on to a career of reading more serious works, that would be worth it. Bloom is a fossil who pretends reading is the only form of entertainment. He ignores the reality that literature these days is competing with four other media that are much more accessible and much less valuable. Bottom line is every kid not reading HP is probably running over hookers with an ambulance in GTA5 or jacking off to Keeping Up with the Kardashians.
I only read the first 4 Harry Potter as they came out. Guess I got tired of them when I grew up :P
these
Are there any other literary critics like Bloom who write these sweeping books about a wide variety of things such as The Western Canon and Genius? Not just literary historians, but people who specifically judge works
genre fiction is always bad, unisono
ah, nice to see this thread next to thisreally puts things into context
Stop applying this meme to places where it doesn't belong. I'm sure these type of people are all over ASOIAF. At least before it became mega popular. sage
I'm so devoted to Game of Thrones that I dedicate almost all of my time not posting on my tumblr to defending it on an anonymous online imageboard.things I don't like are the meme hat man Funny, in this case you're actually the fedora.
Post some of your prose and let others critique it, /lit/. I'd like to see what some of our budding writers on this board potentially have.
Imagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
He heard her distant speech from the office corridor; water vapour's laughter. Almost a whisper, graciously featherweight. Intentional or not, it was honest. Sugar paper wrapping an audible gift: such low decibel rating, more than enough to cause tinnitus. Nothing was ever forced, just slightly tapped. An incorruptible piece of audio not unlike a recently purchased cassette with an eternal promise establishing a rule for never playing it; you wouldn't want to damage such a beautiful sound.Naaaah, no, that's not. Wait. Her hair's a modest gradient - brown soil foundations allowed marvellous blonde establishments to grow and prosper, as many aspire for the success that her hair had achieved. Goddamn, wow. She seemed preoccupied, mid-discussion regarding some professional concerns - water cooler jargon for getting asses in gear because that shit wasn't ever going to record itself Oh god, you know how these artists are: "Hey, can I record this new solo I've been working on?" Well how about fuck off, no, it isn't exactly fucking November Rain. Just finish the fucking song, we want to go home, you self-indulgent rats. Despite concerns, stresses and depresses, she would seemingly give various timezones, annual celebratory holiday information and the variables that contribute to the variations of seasons' length and timing throughout each year. Surprisingly, she probably could. Those glasses. Whoa, Nelly. His libido would pull them off with his teeth; his libido this and that, a few lustful thoughts popped into mind -- fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off. I cannot believe I let that happen. Despite natural urge; the drill sergeant pushing forward, hoping his training of the soldiers had motivated them enough to succeed and survive the battlefield - probably Normandy, all the marching - against the foe. The Cold War scum suckers who wanted to fuck their freedom and cum in its hair, motherfuckers! They'd fuck their own mothers! The hun cunts and the Russkie shits, right, right, right, huh? ACHTUNG, I'LL SEE THE DEATH OF YOU BEFORE YOU RISE ONCE MORE.He turned his back from her general direction to hide the uprising. It seemed not just the revolt against Communism, but he was hiding the tearing of the Berlin wall and possibly the French Revolution too on second thought, most likely the French had something to do with it all. The studio was empty, right? Thundered, thundered, foot soldier march! I don't know what I've been told, What we have here is Cuban missile gold!
I was so mad at my Mom and Dad I punched my wall like *BANG*, like a boxer hitting a heavy bag. I didn't even care if I hit a stud or something. I hit just plain drywall though and punched through it like *BANG* you know? I was so tired of them always yelling at me and telling me how stupid I am. My Dad used to smack my head like I was a moron when I messed up at something that I wouldn't even know how to do anyway. It was my chore to sweep up the kitchen but getting around the table was a pain so I just pushed the chairs and stuff over and Mom yelled at me "what's wrong with you!". Dad came in and said "what is going on here jesus christ Ben what is it now". I didn't even throw the chairs I just pushed them out of the way cause they told me to sweep and the kitchen was fucking clean anyway. I had to stand there while they kept yelling but they told me to go to my room and I didn't have to finish. My wall has a lot of holes in it but I don't hit the ones by my bed anymore. They face outside and in the winter it gets cold around where the holes. I asked for a TV for my birthday but my parents got me a CD.
It's like Holden Caulfield revised for the 21st century. I like
I'm glad you recognized what I was going for but I feel the voice isn't quite consistent enough yet.
Theres some really sweet ideas in this, anon. Polish it more, maybe elaborate on some of the more interesting passages like "water vapour's laughter" and get really free with it. This is nice.
I was sitting there, I was depressed as hell, looking at some website where a bunch of phonies yappped and yapped about books. I like books, but the all the ones they were talking about were written by phonies. For instance, there was this real dumb bastard they were always worshipping called "Pinecone". That's right. A goddamned guy named Pinecone. Anyways, I read a few pages of one of this Pinecone guy's books and boy was is a load of junk. All he talked about were little pieces of architecture and bananas. I'm done with that for kind of shit for a while. Books aren't for me. I guess ever since I started fingerbanging Phoebe nothing seems as interesting.
Arthur peered out the window. His eyes trailed across every fleeting natural occurrence that passed by the train. Arthur marvelled at the beauty of nature in his adolescence. Often entranced, his sense of time became distorted -- wherein some instances, where seconds became hours and vice versa. However, self-criticality along with a change of scenery from his small country home to small apartment in the middle of a booming industrial city lead Arthur to forget his old tendencies.The train ride brought him back to his primal desire. There was a particular point in the train ride wherein he felt an overwhelming sense of sadness when passing a peculiarly beautiful area. A deep and gorgeous valley was separated by the cold steel of the train doors. On the top of the valleys were wisps of fog that rested, frozen in an ostensible eternity. Although the valleys extended far past his view, those in sight all followed a similar downward path to a circular center. Arthur was incapable of seeing the bottom of these valleys due to his position on the train, to which he attributed that such valleys held an abyss at the bottom. It is often of human nature to be anxious of the unknown. Arthur, on the other hand, found himself awestruck by the enigma -- a contrarion to most he knew. And when Arthur realized his current obsession, he felt the hammer of reality crack down upon him. It was swift, as if an execution. And rather than tasting blood as one would as he approaches death, Arthur felt an earthy bitterness touch his tongue.
Craig sat in his small-but-cozy office in the chili factory and looked over the recent data. The fancy charts and detailed analysis all arrived at a simple problem: participants did not respond well to the chili variation with a little extra cocoa powder or the variation with slightly less cocoa powder compared to the current recipe found throughout grocery store shelves across the country. To Craig, this simply meant that the clear solution was to chance nothing in the original recipe. To the higher-ups, this was a completely unacceptable answer. Their firmly held beliefs stated that a little tweaking done routinely was necessary to keep the brand relevant. The Bachelor's of Science hanging on the wall signified to everyone that Craig ought to be capable of finding a solution."Well, we increased and decreased the amount of cocoa by 1/4 teaspoon--so maybe trying again with 1/8 teaspoon would provide a more subtle change that the participants would find more palatable."There were a lot of furrowed brows and thoughtful nods at this suggestion. He was glad his idea had been met with approval, yet disappointed since it's implementation was sure to be a headache. Feeling the familiar weight of tasks and responsibility begin to press down on him, he opened the drawer of his desk and started working on an unfinished sudoku.
She jolted sideways as something came smashing down beside her. A great spatter of red had spackled on the white rock, and she saw what had created it: a turtle totally cracked open, shell smashed out and innards spilt upon the stone. With a whoosh of wind an eagle fluttered down beside the corpse, landing with a folding of its wings and hopping to the ruined turtle's ruined form. Its curved beak swept into the broken shell, ripping out a chunk of guts that promptly was gulped down. The eagle paused then, for it saw her. Its piercing yellow eyes were gleaming in its brown feathery face. She knew that look, that stare. She nodded. “Good eating,” she said. Then her eyes went back onto the bloody spatter. She saw the brilliant scarlet fluid running now in rivulets into the crevices and crannies of the ancient stone. She felt the flow as though it ran across her own skin, felt the weight that blood has and the strange way that it sticks and stretches over hardy surfaces. Her own blood, in between her ears, began to pump the faster. She swallowed. She shook her head, tried to clear the feeling, and she hurried on.
This is a little melodramatic, but that's fine. More worryingly, you seem to dance between the past and the present tense.Nevertheless, the language is powerful, and you use particularly strong words at the right moments- like "deep and gorgeous valley" which I like- and the use of the word "abyss."Just pay more attention when you're writing.
Much appreciated, Anon.
Want to try creative writing myself: how often should I redraft passages? I have ideas planned out, but should I be a little freeform with structure? I know some authors certainly are. How often can I mix the colloquial with the formal?
On the strip scene in True LiesImagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
jamie lee curtis is hot in that imo but this was still funny to me
The day the world ended was just like any other. Honey bees suckled on sweet nectar as robins and jays flitted about the azure sky, leaving behind downy feathers in their wake. Children played on the streets and in the public parks, for it was finally the weekend they had been looking forward to. The older citizens occupied their free time with recreational sports in the sun, tasty picnics in the shade, and fine music in the ears. The sun was high and shined brightly upon the content populous, radiating warm whispers that masked the impending demise of their insignificant planet. The happy mood quickly changed to severe terror when the first disaster struck. A deafening boom resounded across the world, as if Gaia had clapped her earthen hands together in delight. But rather, the earth came apart. Paved roads crumpled up as tremors shook reverberated through cities and towns, thoroughly thrashing their denizens. The ground split into a multitude of fractured pieces, creating chasms far too deep to see the bottom of that greedily swallowed whole groups of terrified humans. Not knowing where to run from the ground, people aimlessly fled for their lives in fear, praying to their gods for their lives to be spared. Soon after came the tidal waves, washing entire continents like a divine hose. The water had turned a murky black and it crashed against all that stood in it's path, sweeping up tall skyscrapers and small people with ease and carrying them nowhere in particular. By now, only those living on the tallest mountains had survived this series of catastrophes, but they didn't have long to enjoy their good fortune. The sky turned a sickening crimson as piercing whistles rang through the air. Blazing red meteors stabbed through the clouds and rained down upon whatever was left of the broken planet, punching deep holes in what little ground there was to punch deep holes in. The mighty mountains crumbled, the black oceans sloshed, and the last human cried out in despair at the unforgiving end to humanity as a molten boulder slammed down from above and crushed him mercilessly.
day just like any otherquickly changedclichefor it wasthe unforgiving end to humanityyou don't talk like that, don't write like that.The older citizens fled for their lives in fear, praying to their godssafe and lifelesslike a divine hosea sickening crimsonNOI diagnose you with a Heavy Hand. Take some Dostoevsky short stories and call me in the morning.
I'm not sure if this is a genuine attempt at creative writing or shitposting but I like it.
On a tuesday the man lost his dog. The dog was brown. The dog ran fast. The owner was really sad when he lost his fast dog. He called all his friends. One of his friends found the dog. The man was really happy now.
Obvious error- a man aware of his own position in time cannot be happy.
Start off by describing why it's cozy or why it's fancy.
and she hurried on.Nice
It's pretty sincere, man. I got the idea to write about a girl I have a crush on and wanted to write about her in a romantic way at first, but then I started writing with an intention for a metaphor for every passage. I'm going to re-draft it and remove parts that I find aren't particularly interesting to read, but yeah man, it\'s completely genuine.
reposting my shitty prose, non-native speaker, looking for criticism. gonna get to critiquing in a bit although I dont think I have much to contribute, gotta do stuff for a secSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes. As time passes on they move closer with a cozy and peaceful smile on their small round faces. They sit next to you on the couch and you turn your head just a slight bit and nod politely. Over time, you feel the couch tilt ever so slighty to your new neighbours' side and as you look over, you could swear they look bigger than before. Not definitely, but perhaps slightly more voluptuous. You start to feel soft fur brushing up against your arm as they spread out to accommodate for their new size. You knew you were right. A bit disgruntled and displeased at their sudden appearance you shuffle to your end of the sofa, trying to bring just a bit of space between yourself and the three unannounced guests. You look over once more and observe the once benevolent faces turn into gruesome grimaces, watching you with a self-righteous, sly smile. Their growth is undeniable now; one of them is again brushing up against your arm. Flight is impossible. Soothing sing-song surrounds your thoughts, lulling you and tucking you into bed. They have taken control now, throning high above and looking down upon their prey, a mischievous grin spreading from ear to ear. Now it can't be long. There is no rush. Darkness engulfs you. Don't struggle. Submit.You look into the Abyss. And Jump.

i like it9/10
this is literally r/writingprompts: the post
Please don't use *BANG*.
Could a king, a prince, a duke – nay, even one of those ubiquitous invisibles who, we are led to believe, accompanies us when thinking, speaking, or acting – could even this sinless atom refrain from tainting its spotless gear with the wish of a human heart, as those grey eyes looked in bashful tenderness into the glittering jet revolvers that reflected their sparkling lustre from nave to circumference, casting a deepened brightness over the whole features of an innocent girl, and expressing, in invisible silence, the thoughts, nay, even the wish, of a fleshy triangle whose base had been bitten by order of the Bodiless Thinker.
what
Existing. The state of being. That familiar lament of hollow bell carved to questions, softly resounding across the lonely grey beaches of time. That silver vein that runs in the stricken, a slowing jolt, the persuasion of poison! How it so wistfully curls like a cobra in the contours of a cortex. A sacrifice. The altar is no longer blood stained! It is spoken and traversed and evenly distributed. Now, we walk in blood and as talk it, it winds in miniscule stalks and attaches itself to others, now we swim in it as we move, a dark treacle, now the tiny droplets in the air around us, condense our vision so even what we view is touched with the translucent taint of our sin. The laugh of a child in the forest. Softly shrill, it's brief duration dwarfed by its brilliance, a shining star in the dark hug of bark. Lost, wanderous one, but found again, where the thorns whisper and shake and the thin stalks of nettle waver, wanton, in the soporific summer breath. Here, you will dream, at last.
*knave
I think it's the best example I have as of now of what I'm trying to achieve. Posted before so yeah.Snickering now. I take his phone and start playing with its camera. The lights are still following us. I turn off the Bluetooth radio-phone connection, but manage to turn it on again.We get to a village. France stops.-I need to get my smokes.We get out after parking on a walkway, the buildings and the road look like poorer traditional German hamlets replicas but synthesis with dawn-haze and high renders them inwardly monastic-like in a way.I take a few photos, with my phone and then his. Then both together, one in front of the other. Marco and Luca are still sleeping in the back, France’s looking for a shop. He looks kind of depressed.-I think they are all closed. I think. Maybe not.-What time is it?I reflectively, to then check the phones and answer my own question.-Half past five on both, more or less.-When are they opening?-I don’t know. No connection.-Fuck.We walk around the town, which is completely shut down. Back at the car, we sit in the boot drinking a couple beers, smoking the rest of the packet. France’s cutting along the edge of a beer can with his knife.-So, you know where this house’s supposed to be?-No, I thought you knew. I thought you were driving cos you knew where the place was.-I think Marco’s the only one who knows.He puts the can, torn open now, on the edge of the boot. I snuff out the stub in it.-Then we oughta wake them up.-Let’s get the smokes before that.We settle a little deeper in the boot, comfortable on the wall of six packs watching the sun rise, wet and bloody, between the low blue mountains.
intrigues meI want to know who france is
The first sentence doesn't flow that wellSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyesThe biggest problem is when you connect the clauses "Slowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep" with "sits down in the corner". You would probably be better off just ending the sentence at "and at long last sleep". Actually now that I think about it it would be easier to replace sits with sitting, as sits is never really used singularly. Ex., you wouldn't be able to they "They sits/ We sits/ etc.. This would make your sentenceSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep; sitting down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes.Sorry this critique is so rambling, I haven't slept in like 24 hours
1.So, we like, told the guy to fuck off, right? But he didn't! Now that aggravated our Little Tommy, whose nickname wasn't ironic - Tommy was little over 5 feet, poor soul. Italian heritage, he always said, as if anyone dared to ask."The fuck you mean you won't fuck off?", Tommy asked politely. "Just so, I won't. Fuck you, Tommy."Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banter and punched the fool straight in the face. Guy didn't even flinch, like he was a boxer or something. Au contraire, like the Belgians say, he sniggered like a cunt and delivered a backhand blow that made Tommy fly a little. "Hah! Faggot!", he shouted. Tommy didn't answer, as he was bleeding internally after falling down those stairs. The whole affair took maybe less than a minute. We, that is me and Joe Fingers don't ask, didn't move at all. Not a single muscle twitched on our granite-made faces as the guy approached us with a stern look on his face. Tommy finally regained consciousness and started cursing in both English and Italian, though the latter was a bit off grammar-wise. I was to tell him that later. I didn't have a chance, though. The guy stabbed me with a shiv he produced out of his backpocket. Straight in the heart! Shit, it didn't even hurt that much, right? Instant internal hemorrhage and that. Not a bad way to die, considering. Joe Fingers don't ask shouted as I was collapsing and tried murdering the guy with his bare hands. He nearly succeeded, only his own bare hands got in the way. By the time I was dead Joe Fingers don't ask most probably shat himself out of fear, because it smelled so fucking bad. Life fucking sucks. Good thing I'm done with it.
Not bad, I find it hard to write about existence without feeling angst-ridden or pretentious, but you do a decent job at it.
Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banterAn and the are unnecessary, and disrupt flow. Consider revising to:Tommy wasn't adept at handling banterOtherwise, I enjoy the casual tone, something about that and the "don't ask" epithet kind of reminds me of DFW.
“Lock doors. Brain scan, subject Fletch, fifth run. Brain scan, subject Merrill, first run.”The two previously inactive lights set in the walnut desk fired into life, blue-tinged light projected into three dimensions, a section of sky brought down from above to rest in the air atop the desk. As suddenly as the light appeared came the models of the subjects’ brains, in what some would consider far too much detail, hovering, slowly rotating. The seat of human consciousness of these two separate individuals standing before the doctor as if presenting him with permission to stare into their being.“Show neuron activity density distinguished by lobe. At ten times speed, if you will.”The left brain slowly became an intriguing lightshow of intricately balanced neural activity, red light dashing amongst the blue, wires of human thought and action, creating a shifting bluish-pinkish glow as the stimuli experienced in the rift probed varying responses from varying areas of the brain. The density of the neural network activity seemed to be largely focused in the sensory cortex and occipital lobe, whilst the other areas of the brain were operating on reduced levels to those going about day-to-day life.
There were so many doors along this hall that I never remembered which one lead where. Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. The bathroom for example was right next to the throne room, because you never want to get lost while needing to relieve yourself. I stood at the entrance to the throne room and my mind went blank. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near. It would stay away from me though, unless I called it. Stood there looking at the ornate granite and amethyst door and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway. I used to be able to get there through a door in the throne room, but I had changed it. It had been that way for so long I had forgotten the change.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary. I didn’t have to close my eyes nor think too hard, and I arrived at the furthermost end the long walkway. I used to dash down the bridge too, but these days I didn’t want to get to the other end.
TOPKEKgood writing and flow, lol'dbritbong detected me and m80 write each other stories like thishe obvs intended that
at ten times the speed, if you willDoctors would never talk that personally to a robot, and probably not to a person, during surgery. "If you will" isn't the type of syntax used by a man controlling a machine for a task.
In Which I Call NancyAfter some degree of success in America with the sales of my most recent novel, a charming yet melancholy recollection of the events surrounding the year in which I had spent in a writer's limbo which had been diagnosed by my friend as the symptom of the dreaded yet ineffectual Continental Virus, known to my intellectual circle of acquaintances as Hemingway's Disease, I had expatriated myself from the United States and settled in the salty and sunny town of Palabras, a tiny establishment with only forty locals and a grand total of eight beach shacks, one of which I had rented for a year at the price of only a thousand American dollars. The events which followed my move were, at the least, a mildly engaging Shaggy Dog tale, which, if you were versed in the multitudes of story types, you would understand to be a wandering, plot-less, and ultimately meaningless set of occurrences which didn't seem to help any party ever at any point in time.Within my shack was a twin sized bed without a mattress, which I had thrown out after a few days as sleeping on the springs with only a sleeping bag and a bunched shirt as a pillow caused my temper to return with an overwhelming and uncontrollable fog that would cloud my judgment and cause me to react to what should have been smaller and more insignificant occurrences. I had elected that the frame should be burned and the springs returned to the city, once I could find some transportation with the only man who owned a vehicle in the town, though his insectoid sedan would only perhaps be able to carry it if the springs were somehow tied to the roof, although his car was so small that the spring set stretched farther than its length and was dangerously bent that it might touch the ground. This we found after we had attempted for a first time to take it to the city, and discovered the fiery sparks that lit up the road behind us once we reached the freeway, which had jinxed his car for what was apparently breakdown 'el segundo'. We had walked for an hour back to Palabras after that, pushing the car in neutral and creating a mess of one of the only sets of city clothing I had brought with me.1/?Cont?
Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. Really awkward phrasing. Also consider the idea that nobody really wants to read an analysis of somebody's floor layout. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near.I feel like I'd have to know more about your world to even consider this idea. I'm getting an odd fantasy vibe, which is cool, but reading a character's perceptions of a room can get mighty tedious....and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway.When a character talks to himself like this, it breaks the prosaic flow and eliminates whatever degree of interest I have in it. I'd recommend either keeping self-dialogue like this out of the story, or finding another way to expose the character's feelings about himself.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary.One, this sentence is boring and hardly contributes to the story outside of telling me that the character is thinking about something I give absolutely no shits about, and two, making an object a proper noun like this screams of B rate science fiction and fantasy. It's very YA, which makes it disgusting.I hope this makes sense.
I was already going to eliminate that, so if it's the worst thing in that passage, I'm happy.
That's not my writing :^
Elia drifted off while his two companions continued discussing the upcoming conflict. He was listening to the chirping of the grasshoppers hiding in the tussock and sucked the warm dry air through his teeth. With sun right above his head he tread the soft ground lost in sweet absentness. "Yove...how does it feel to kill a man?" he heard Tomyan ask. "It doesn't feel any different. That's the worst part." "How do you mean that?" "I don't know. I...I always expected it to be something...other, something that leaves a mark. But then, it's there, and it doesn't feel any different from working on a field, eating a corn-stew, telling jokes with your companions or shagging a woman. I realized that you always hope that those things and killing someone are from two separate worlds - that they're different. It's a fucking kick in the guts when you find out they don't." Elia caught Yove glance wistfully back from where they came. It was just for a flash of a second, but he saw the muscles on the chin of the tall rugged man tighten. "Though," said Yove with his eyes bolting away. "Kick in the guts is just what one needs sometimes." Elia himself turned around to look at the vertical forest one last time. Now, from the distance, it seemed like an impenetrable wall, a solid object when he squinted his eyes. It looked quite alien, emerging out of the grassy plains where except for few scattered thickets here and there seldom grew trees. Elia bid goodbye to that strange place and to the fading memory of its peculiar denizen, whoever she was.
Gira looked like the kind of man a top-rate college vomited out after some bullshit degree in transcendental theory or something, she recalled meeting a man with a similar sort of look a few years ago, pompous I-know-something-you-don’t-know types who walk around with a lack of spacial awareness owing to the depth of arse their heads are tucked into. If this was the future of the free human race he surely didn’t meet the spec, in fact, he was the opposite of the spec, an antithesis of human opportunity hiding behind a full-body-suit of apparent mediocrity, almost bursting at the seams with contempt for the human condition.
This is pretty decent man. I think I would prefer a little more structure, or maybe it's just the content/topics you are addressing in the lines, but it feels like it's missing a little something. I'm not much of a critic, though, I do appreciate it.
Comments about this?Maybe it was too purple?
I don't think it's too purple, it has the obstructive and narcissistic flow of a soliloquy, as if at the end of every sentence the person were asked another question and in response burst back into poetry.If you don't mind, can you take a look at this:The heat death of the singular being; a fate to aspire to. Someone somewhere was smoking a cigarette, else a fire was burning inside his own brain, stocked with beechwood and overprocessed tobacco, maybe jasmine too. Far removed from burnt toast which was some succour. The weight of a dozen motorcycles would do well to produce and effect this drastic. Deep thought was all that could be managed and all that could be deeply thought about was the unending uselessness he was encountering in this moment. Dull light permeated his eyelids from the sconce hung off of the wall behind the couch, the end of a tunnel finally approaching after a petrifying journey on rails through oblivion. Deep ruts cut across the glistening chocolate expanse above his eyes. Hours passed. People were born and people had died. Marriages were made and broken. Gira opened his eyes.The room was quiet, he was alone, though he had not been alone for long. The shutter was locked in place and he could not see any noticeable means of opening it from where he lay. Someone somewhere smoked a cigarette. Doc was in a dense span of clutter, an asymmetric and unorganised area of beer bottles and metal bins and industrial chains and works of art and works of lesser art and cigarette butts and bloodstains and rotting something-or-other. Unidentifiable odours combining edibles and non-edibles drifted through the room and out some sort of ventilation the man had yet to spot.
I think it's ok overall, but a few parts could be expressed in a different wayof the singular beingelse a fire was...which was some succourDeep thought ... deeply thoughtI suppose is the first part of a longer work? I don't think it can stand on its own.
I'm rather fond of the opening line.I need to change the word succour, it doesn't work in that sentence, I know.Deep thought to deeply thought is my writing preference, but I can understand your objection.It's two paragraphs taken from the middle of the fifth chapter. It definitely isn't meant to stand on its own.Thanks for the feedback.
She came in a dream first. Rich saw her face. When he laid her in the crib after the long hospital night he knew they would be all right. She was beautiful - so pale and smooth, eye like in his dream. Rich loved her. Emily loved her too.  He was enamored at her perfection. “Daisy. My Daisy,” Rich liked to say as he peered down into the crib. He counted her toes before he tucked her in at night, every night - he had to make sure none went missing while he was at the refinery. After that he showered and collapsed in front of his lukewarm pasta he popped a beer and looked at Emily. She finished scrubbing her plate and turned to him, hands on her hips. “You always wash your hands before you touch her.”  “Always,” Rich said. “What about me?” Rich starred at his food.  “It’s cold “We had plans.” Emily continued, “I’m not sure where we went wrong.” Rich got up and slid his arms around her waist and played with some threads that fell from her blouse. “We didn’t. Don’t worry. We’ll get there. We have to work on it.” She brushed him back, “I need to finish the dishes.” Rich grabbed his beer off the table and walked out to the living room, “I’ll work on it honey, don’t worry.”Daisy grew too slow for Rich. He wanted her to walk after eight months. Rich held her up by her arms and asked her to walk, sometimes he moved her legs with his hands - hoped that they stayed up straight. “Walk,” he said, “come on Daisy. Daisy. Walk honey. Come on.” Daisy just smiled and slumped back down into her crib.***Years before, Rich and Emily nuzzled close in the back roads and fields of their dying farm town. They stretched out underneath in the stars and planned their future in the wilting corn stocks. Emily liked that image. It felt comfortable, the young couple in the field twisting their own lullabies until the owl’s disappeared into the sun that peaked from beyond the grain silos. Rich promised something better, promised they would find somewhere better. “I’m just not sure Rich,” Emily said, “it’s not all as easy as that.” She brushed the strands of bangs from her eyes and sat up against the back up the truck bed. He stayed very still. An airplane blinked in the cloudless sky. He tracked it until all he could see was the faint yellow glimmer from downtown above the trees.
extract of my WIP novel:“Commercial stance coaching is my specialty, but I’m pretty sure I would have been anextraordinary success at whatever I’d decided to turn my hand to. I could’ve been that Liberace cat, for example. I didn’t have the hair though, unfortunately. This? Nah, they took this from my butt cheeks and glued it in. If you look closely you can see my scalp is continually leakinginfected sebum, see? No, I don’t blame you; the stench when you get up close is beyond human comprehension. Anyway, that’s eleven grand I won’t be seeing again. So, I didn’t really havethe hair to be Liberace. Or the rhinestones, I guess. A piano would’ve helped, and maybe a few lessons. Take those out of the equation and I could be as dead as that fat faggot right now, with my own mausoleum and everything.”more here:
You look down at her face and realize it's gone from very red to very pale. She is limp. You've killed her, you idiot. Choked her to death.You roll off of her and lay panting on your back for a while, numb. Waves slowly begin crashing in your gut. Supreme ecstasy, like a blazing fire. Then a long cold column of fear and anxiety. They melt and freeze and wage war upon each other for eternity.You've killed her. She's dead. This being no longer exists. You hazily recall her laugh and the way she moaned. Ice stabs you again. You should have been more careful, you bastard. But what can you do now? Remorse for your sins later, you've got to take care of this.You roll her up in the sheets tightly and fold her up best you can into a large suitcase you had brought with you. You shove the few actual belongings you brought into another small bag. You get dressed quickly and intend to make haste for the door. You pause, however, caught by a flash of heat. You stare at the large suitcase at your feet. Your face is hot and you're sure you're red. Why deny yourself? You bring your leg back and kick the suitcase as hard as you can, sending it slamming against the wall. A small moan emits. Light and strained, but definitely there. Shocked, your hands clam a bit. She's alive? You silently scold yourself for not diagnosing her correctly, but the seriousness is quickly sliced with humor. You can't help but laugh. She's alive? What a resilient little cockroach. You slam your foot into the bag once again, and sure enough another whimper escapes.
early flash-fic i wroteHer home is old, its ceilings are high. Her bed, a lounge and a coffee table make a clustered living room floor. She doesn’t leave her house much anymore. There is a phantom that rents an unused room from her, that torments her from the shadows of the night. She seems to live two lives –  that she can’t understand, that she cannot control.She always wakes with a start – hears the echo of a door slamming – her phantom has left for the day. She knows, from the way it slams the door, from the stale tobacco air, the havoc it has wrecked, the desolation it has left behind. She can feel its rage as though it was her own. Her spine arches beneath thin skin. The lounge is covered in harsh material that scratches her. She moves an ashtray and a glass, stained with red wine and lipstick, out-of-sight. She folds her legs and her arms to hide her nudity: she is gripped by humility – or shame – and feels overexposed to her phantom. She feels raw.It destroys her a little more each night, destroys her little world; it doesn’t even wake her up anymore. She studies the debris her phantom has left behind, reads letter fragments, repacks boxes; smooths out photographs against her bare thigh, slides them between the pages of heavy books. She has tears in her eyes.She storms about her house – throws back doors and draws curtains – tossing sheets and pillows and shirts off the rack in frantic exorcism.Fire burns her lungs, as her wild screams try in vain to form the sound of her phantoms name.Anguish overcomes her; like standing in an ocean, being swept away by waves of guilt and blame.She sits on her lounge, with her face buried in her hands, and lets out a tiny sigh and a tremor.She lights a cigarette and promises to keep her eyes open a little longer tonight.When her phantom returns, she will ask it to leave her alone. She’s very tired you see – and no longer wants to wake up to such a mess, in such a large, lonely house.
Once upon a time: shit happened. The end.implying brevity isn't a stylistic choice
chapter title: No offence, Nakamura  “Gentlemen, good morning. Roscoe, unless you want me to hook your screen up to theprojector again, I suggest you turn that goddamn phone off. Now, a question that I have asked myself several times over the years is this: how do we select senior executives at Piccolo Industries? I always arrive at the same answer: very, very badly. Assembled in this room, myself and to some extent Sal excluded, is one of the least talented groups of people outside ofCalifornia. If any one of you, right now, in a depressingly rare moment of informed inspiration, finally grew a pair of balls and crammed a grenade up his educationally-subnormal ass, taking thewhole sorry bunch of you with him to whatever squalid misery hole the Devil reserves for fatsuburban degenerates who die in such a manner having squandered every undeservedopportunity life has, presumably as part of some grand cosmic prank beyond my comprehension, presented to them, our share price would double instantly and I could finallyafford to pay off that lousy Arab fuck who says I felt up his retard daughter at that Unsung Heroes Awards fiasco. As if, Jesus! And we’d be able to hire a brand new management teamwithout going through the whole fuck-knows-why-so prohibitively expensive process of firing you hopeless pricks. A new team full of energy and ideas, a bunch of whip-smart Yale chicks with tits like the Hindenburg – before it crashed, obviously, a team that could finally show thoseslant-eyed little fucks at Imperial Jap Metric that Piccolo Industries is still able to kick their yellow asses all the way back to Naga-fucking-saki. No offence, Nakamura.” “None taken sir.”more: 
Novella about a detached loser who is obsessed with empty rooms and becomes estranged from his family and loved ones. I've gotten stuck, though I have an outline, and I also have trouble expanding on what I have. Tips for the latter?The air does not move. It is not frozen, it has just stopped. Projects unfinished will never receive their rest nor their purpose. An antique rotary saw hulks on the central island of the workshop. A scrawny yellow pencil lies beside it and a lone playing card and a table of measurements and a bolt. A few feet on either hand of the island, sunken into the muggy unstirred warmth, are lined tools above cabinets stuffed with even more tools. You cannot imagine that all of them were given their own time and you're probably right about that. The old man who once huddled in here, wearing a blue cap logoed by the fishing company he retired from and a striped linen shirt, digits slow and patient, repaired a lot of things before he left. Swings. A boat. He cut a tree down. But no, he probably never used the wrench two rows from the top, dead center. The last time his widow came into the workshop was three weeks ago; a neighbor stopped by and asked for a drill. The prints she left in the scattered trails of dust and saw-shavings will be here a while.In a month it will be July, and visiting relatives will step inside the silent shop to dig around for a loose hammer they need to hammer away with. The artifacts will sigh for the attention, and the lone inhabiting roach will make himself scarce. One grandchild will say "Gawr, he had enough stuff yeah?" A busy son will duck the sense of eeriness and reply with an unengaged "Sure did." A different grandson will think back to these objects' former owner, and how he wouldn't care for the way his boy's boy turned out - effeminate and naive.Then the door will shut, opening the shop back into dim light, rain drops, mold, recollections, and expectations.
Going there wasn’t the problem; the issue was he wasn’t ready. The Burderhayme Inn was too close for what day it was on the calendar, and he couldn’t seem to turn the car around. He’d put in inhuman effort to turn the wheel in fact, but with a pair of socks shoved down his throat and pair of silver plated steel handcuffs snugged very tight on his wrists and his legs hogtied from 3 hours before, he was basically a piece of ham thrown in the back of the SUV. Tyler, the fat smelly one, had been the one who arsed up his legs with the rope when they’d managed to drug him and then drag him through the diner parking lot across from VALUE-DISCOUNT-MART and put him in the vehicle. He was stuck. He had nothing to do now but lay quietly and think about what was going to happen.'Think happy thoughts' he thought as he tasted the sweaty socks his mouth. He made an involuntary retching sound. “ergh...ak.”He heard a large thing in front of him croaking and assumed it was a laugh... then there was a fart. Tyler. “You comfy back there, Bellack?” Tyler was trying to speak to him when he was gagged. Didn’t the idiot realize he couldn’t talk right now? Bellack glared at the back of his blindfold, hoping his stare could wither while covered up. Tyler chuckled in front of him, then burped. “You’re disgusting, Tyson.” The driver: a large black man with an expensive watch was all he had seen before he’d been bound. The driver kept getting Tyler’s name wrong. “I should have put you in the back with him so you don’t kill me with your breath.” “Fuck you, M! Hahaha-” Tyler stopped laughing to gurgle another burp out. “It’s that shitty diner Bellack likes. They put too much butter on the eggs. And you’re just smelling your own breath! Haha.”“You asked for extra butter. Twice. You even grabbed the girl’s arm to tell her extra butter on the eggs.” The driver had some sense. Thank God, Bellack thought. If the driver was still alive in 7 hours Bellack might just buy him dinner at that diner. All as a favor. No business this time. Another burp. “Yeah but they put too much butter on. It wasn’t just extra, it was a whole gob of butter."
texts that look at feelings/experiences commonly considered ineffable?
is the monomyth real?
Are constellations real? Are they useful as meaningful symbols? Will everyone interact with every constellation in a symbolic or mythical sense?
It's a common narrative structure, but obviously individual stories adhere more loosely or rigidly to it.
No.. that's why it's called a myth, dingus.
Not every myth follows this pattern, take the biblical Jesus as an example.
implying the biblical Jesus is a mythtop kek
Indifferent of religious meaning, the biblical Jesus isn't a historical document either.So in a comparative mythology point of view, yes, it's a myth.Another example, a modern myth, The Superman. He doesn't fulfill this monomyth journey. he had born with no fear of death, with his supernatural powers, he didn't needed a journey to become what he is.My point is, there are many possibilities of myths outside Campbell's scheme.
implying it isn't
I don't think so.I read The Hero of a Thousand Faces and found it very unconvincing. I wanted to buy it, but he kept stretching his schemes to such an unreasonable length to fit them with everything.No doubt he does pick out some tendencies, but imo it seems obvious there should be patterns to discover, though I'm pretty sure they have little do with any kind of supernatural connection between the souls of all humans which, Campbell being a Jungian, is what he's seriously arguing with his comparative studies.
Tolkien does not approve of your words, Anon.
I'd go a step further and say that there's often microcosmic monomythic stages within the larger, macrocosmic monomythBut it's a hero's quest, and doesn't happen to everyone Right now I'm deep within the trials, and, microcosmically just finishing woman as temptress Since October, when I was microcosmically meeting with the goddess, bringing it to life within this beautiful, alpha slut who her friends seemed to admire and who was known to treat other guys like shit, when it seemed I was with something like my female equivalent, all the while not realizing I was largely projecting these qualities on her, I've been in about 13 or so fights for reasons like paranoia, jealousy, finding myself, and because I may be crazy by some more-technical definitions. I feel a largely embody the modern, paranoid hero. So I'm experiencing the shittier of these stages atmliving in hotels that family, who, due to my difficulty to live with, no longer want me around, and is about done subsidising me, while I missed this past 2 weeks of work to be, and fight with the girl mentioned aboveI don't subscribe to eegalitarianism, but neither do I think that anything short of perfection and its opposite are one size fits allYou definitely have the opportunity to be a hero, and to go through your version of these stages
I mean I guess? It's real in the same sense that language is real or what you see in Rorsarch plots are real
The term monomyth denotes it encompassing the overal stages of hero myths, op is asking if it applies to real heroes as well
no it's fake and imaginary sorry
nope, monomyth is pseudo-science, androcentric and racist
cis white male discussing a bunch of myths from around the worldif that isn't enough he actually claims all myths are the sameugh, the cultural appropriation is just, UGH
confirmed for having never read a superman comic in his life
there are many possibilities of myths outside Campbell's scheme.of course there are.also it should be pointed out that superman isn't a myth at all
There are definitely a lot of things that do follow it. Mostly kids' stories. In fiction for adults, it's a serious flaw that leads to the story feeling formulaic and predictable.
It's just the most evident form of storytelling.There are more subtleties which can show you how to bend or break the rules of this narrative.
no
Yes
there are no real heroes
plz elaborate
It feels like spray-and-pray, id expect the most simplified story archetype to feel logically organized
Myths are stories that express eternal, moral, or cultural truths, not stories that are false.
Superman was defined by his loss of his biological parentsHe has a weakness kryptonite, and isn't immortalI don't think you know enough about monomyths or superman to comment on either
Yeah it isn't intuitive at all, there's never a moment where you think "oh it makes sense that that would follow" a lot of those steps are interchangeable
Have any of you written a monomyth?
I've written many pages on the outlining of a Monomyth in order to see where it could be stretched and altered.
No. If you take it literally, and try to apply it, a lot of good stories don't fit into it. You have to apply the monomyth very allegorically or metaphorically to stories. It's basically meaningless if you do that. It's just like analyzing for oedipus complexes.
Pretty much this; myth is not a pejorative.

I haven't read a whole lot of Joseph Campbell, despite always finding his ideas interesting, but it seems to me that he's not taken very seriously by academics.
ITT: /lit/ doesn't understand what the monomyth really is so it makes up a bunch of bullshit to try and sound smart while using a picture on the internet as it's only source of information on the topic.It's like you plebs haven't even read The Hero With A Thousand Faces.
What are your thoughts on the word, 'literally'?
it literally doesn't bother me when people use it wrong. I guess you could say that I am completely nonplussed about the misuse of literally. My feelings about 'literally' are comprised of equal parts apathy and indifference. But all of this is apropos of nothing, which begs the question, OP: What are your feelings on the matter?
It's literally the best word in the English language.
it seems to be a pretty useless word
I didn't get any sleep last nightYou had a short and difficult sleepI literally didn't get any sleep last nightYou got absolutely no sleep whatsoever.
are you sure
i literally enjoy it's use in 4chan vernacular
Yes. I'm literally sure.
I literally use the word too much.
I also don't care much how people use "literally", but it bothers the shit out of me when people misuse the phrase "begs the question" as you did.
this, alongside "objectively"
People complaining about its misuse piss me off more than people misusing it. 99.9% of the time it's crystal clear what meaning you're referring to.
I hate when people say this crap.
Hey, it's a doggy dog world.
I could care less;
I'm sorry that this being a pet peeve of mine is a pet peeve of yours.That was sarcasm, and you can fuck off.Also burgers =/= sandwiches, stupid captcha
muh burgersAmerica, pls go
I die a little on the inside whenever I hear someone misuse it, which is to say often.
1/10, you got me to begin typing a real response.
You monster.
it's a comfy word
I think it's definition lends itself to being used very easily for hyperbole and dramatic effect.It is not, as some people say, a redundant word.
If you spend time on 4chan you might as well get used to the word no matter what your feelings on it are.It would be like living in Alabama and complaining about "y'all". Sure it's not proper English, but literally everyone uses it.
when people use it wrongwhen do people use it wrong?
fellas...
omg i literally just cant deal with this post right now
People who get triggerred when it is used as an hyperbole deserve a shotgun to the neck
they literally do..
britfag herehow do i de-program myself from my empiricist / analytical entanglement?
Read German empiricism - Dilthy, Bollnow et al. Oxford chortling is hard to dispel if you only refer to what's normally thought of as 'continental' philosophy because it doesn't really unseat analytical truth-claims. The German empiricist philosophers are like a mountain stream. Real clarity, real rationality, no lapel-tugging chuckling and word game bullshit.
Or alternatively take a few hundred micrograms of LSD and read the Phenomenology of Spirit. Continue taking LSD until you finish the book without having ceased to trip.
Stop analyzing, start just looking.Don't think, just wonder.
That's too expensive, you have to get to know people just to buy drugs off them, and the aim is to get a bead on why empiricism is empirically invalid, not bliss out.
Taking psychedelics doesn't make you a fucking philosopher. I'm a drug user, but holy shit, I hate how evangelical people who use hallucinogenics are. Your thoughts while tripping are not divine revelation that you should accept uncritically.Or alternatively take a few hundred micrograms of LSD and read the Phenomenology of SpiritWhat a waste of a trip. Most people can't even read.Continue taking LSD until you finish the book without having ceased to trip.You realize tolerance sets in virtually instantly, right? I have the suspicion you're just posturing.
Read the theist analyticals like Leibnitz, then go on with ze Germans.
When your brain starts working on its own to figure out how something works, try to imagine all the ways that thing couldn't possibly work instead.
Read the entire Phenomenolgy of Spirit. If you're still an analyticfag after that, you're beyond saving.
Olanzapine or risperidone. 2015not embracing the cocksucking and the decline of the WestJust read John Green or Tao Lin. It's guaranteed bitches.
Read Spinoza. Marvel at the works of Cezanne, Marc, Klee, Tobey, Pollock and Bacon.Watch Roy Andersson movies. Find ways to alter your modes of perception and new ways of expressing them both in language and/or art. Propose some stupid argument regarding analytic philosophy as a decadent reductionary, destructive and non-sustainable mode of "thinking". The complete enslavement to method does not make philosophy rigid in a Popperian sense , and it can never function the same way as science, even though it deals with another dimension of the same subject. You could alternatively read Mary Midgleys critique of analytic, institutionalized, philosophy as self-concerned, irrelevant musings of professionals cut off from a language that enables actual, physical outcomes as far as theory vs practice is concerned.Fart and shit is fun as wellPerhaps we could do something like this:
Anderrson sucks. Stop making your hand stink of dick and bollock sweat.
Spinoza sucks. If you want secular Abrahamism just read Marx.
Derrida is a good choice. Deals with some of the same things as analytics but utterly fucks up everything they are trying to do, because he does it at the level that analytics aren't reflecting anymore.
why do you want to do that? just curious.
If you're willing to take the plunge, Derrida's Of Grammatology can be incredibly convincing. It's probably best to ground yourself in Saussure and the sign first, but certainly worth it
Read Theology and Social Theory. I'm not joking, even if you think religious is retarded, it will still redpill you. You'll realize the whole angle you're coming from relies on a secular theology, and I don't mean just a "worship" of reason or anything like that, I mean it actually relies on judgements about human nature, society and reality that came from theological developments tracing back to Scotism.
Everyone knows that. This is ontology 101. Stop spamming him.
No, most people just know what Nietzsche said without providing a lot of critical sources.
reading russell on rousseau and be hit with non-stop godwins law violations
Was he actually insane?
Was he actually a ham?
No it was a ruse so that people wouldn't realize his intentions
Olivier? I don't think so– Ohh, you mean Hamlet.It's pretty open for interpretation.But did he really see a ghost?
Hamlet is pretty overrated
Course he did, says so right in the stage directions.
I think whether he saw the ghost or not he had a legitimate beef with Claudius.
Having hallucinations doesn't make someone insane. It's a pretty common effect of severe emotional trauma
All admissible. He's a tricky character.Not admissible. You prefer Lear perhaps?
If we can explain him seeing ghosts with emotional trauma which I agree with, then nobody has yet outcrazied Ophelia.
I haven't read King Lear. But Hamlet, meh. The plot is creaky and Hamlet lacks an objective correlative for his paralysis and desire to kill everyone. But it's perfectly possible that I'm just too pleb to get Shakespeare. I think his sonnets are pretty overrated too.
traumatized teenage boy wants to kill everyone You don't even need to read the Bard's English to understand it.The sonnets are awesome, it helps to analyze them for a bit, they're more dense than people give credit.
I liked Macbeth more.
traumatized teenage boy wants to kill everyone The trauma happens before the play begins though. I never felt sympathy for Hamlet which could well be my fault. The sonnets are awesome, it helps to analyze them for a bit, they're more dense than people give credit.Of course. The problem with the sonnets is that Shakespeare is trying to be too witty with forcing epigrammatic couplets at the end of every fucking poem. A 12/2 division with the volta usually doesn't give the turn nearly enough juice. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. My favourite sonnet 29 has a more traditional 8/6 division. Basically the Petrarchan sonnet is superior and the Elizabethan poets were conceited bastards who tried to impress each other too much. Thank God for Milton liberating the form for the Romantics.
Hamlet is the ghost of his own father and Hamlets grandson is Shakespeare's grandfather
except stephen admits he's chatting absolute bullshit
 When? 
Elizabethan poets tried to impress each other too muchFine, maybe I just really like them for the etymological fun of figuring them out.Petrarchan SonnetMust look into this, it seems like a cool form.
At the end of Scylla and Charybdis one of the scholars I can't remember who asks Stephen if he believes his own theory, and he says "No". The whole point of Ulysses is that Stephen is a massive pseud until the end.It's just my personal opinion. I'm not going to pretend to be a great Shakespeare scholar. I just don't really like the form of the Shakespearean sonnet.
One of the scholarsWas it Haines?
Haines ain't in Scylla and Charybdis.
My mistake, I was confusing it that bit for the part when he first mentions his theory
The drama of the play doesn't come from the death of the father. It comes from Hamlet the son obviously attempting to overcome his epistemic pessimism that overcomes him when he encounters the so called ghost. He eventually embraces this inherent uncertainty in order to transvaluate the doubt into artistic living. The play isn't really about what Hamlet does, it's about his internal journey.
teenageHamlet is not a teenager; he is at least ~27Gravedigger on Yorick's skull:Here's a skull now; this skull has lain in the earththree and twenty years.For Hamlet to remember so much about Yorick, he obviously had to be alive before he died, and must have been above the age of infant amnesia. In fact, considering what Hamlet says about him borne me on his back a thousand times, those lips that I have kissed I know not how oft it wouldn't be surprising if he was over 30 years old.
Nah he was just a retarded bitch
Me too.
Other people saw the ghost too so they all had to be insane.
Did he see a spoopy ghost because he grew insane? I doubt Shakespeare, intended the ghost of Old Hamlet to be in his son's imagination. Not to mention several other characters claim to see it as well. You could come up with an excuse, but it's all pretty hokey to say the ghost was not real.Did Hamlet grow insane as a result of seeing the ghost? To some extent I'm sure, but that's more up to interpretation.
, 
"The worst readers are those who proceed like plundering soldiers: they pick up a few things they can use, soil and confuse the rest, and blaspheme the whole."Remind you of anyone, /lit/?
The Nazis reading Nietzsche?
implying anyone takes nietzsche seriously
meeeeeeeeemeeeeeeeeeee
implying
Who are some authors that you think /lit/ *should* like, but for some reason are never talked about on here? Pic related
Nobody really knows a lot about Paul Auster. I read Moon Palace a few weeks ago and it was ok, but I didn't find it exactly great.Some anon recommended The Invention of Solitude. I haven't read it yet.
He's cool but he doesn't have that mimetic quality of Joyce, Pinecone, or DFW and isn't as easy to understand as McCarthy despite mostly using plain language.
A lot of authors don't receive much attention on /lit/.I see very little mention of Tim Winton, Baker, Kenzaburo Oe, Philip Roth or Rushdie, even though I could see /lit/ liking a fair few of them.
Roth. I'm surprised that /lit/ doesn't hate him, as well as that /lit/ doesn't love him.
Pearl S Buck
I've read pretty much everything he's written. He's one of those writers that I don't really care what they are writing about, it's just nice to be in the atmosphere they create. Every time I've brought him up on /lit/ though no one replies or anything. I wonder who his audience is. Middle-aged, French women, I imagine for some reason.His objectively best and most original book, probably, is The New York Trilogy, so if you're going to read anything by him, that's definitely where you should start. The Invention of Solitude is also among the best. My weird, personal favorites are his very recent Invisible and the memoir-like Winter Journal. All his last few books have gotten painfully sincere. Invisible is just brutally beautiful and mysterious whereas Winter Journal is full of fuzzy feelings. I didn't like the follow-up memoir-like book though which I felt lacked unity and felt too personal, and not in a good, Knausgaard kind of way, but just ... How does any of this matter to anyone but the writer?
Absolutely right, Roth, D. H. Lawrence and, to a lesser extent, Bellow who even wom a Nobel prize are almost totally ignored by /lit/.
Louis Lamour
Nobody really knows a lot about Paul AusterEmbarrassing. How did you type that out, click the burgers, and not see anything wrong with that retarded statement.
click the burgersKek
I laughed too much at click the burgers
I've never seen him discussed on lit.
Short List:R.A. LaffertyMervyn PeakeE.R. EddisonG.K. Chesterton He gets some love but not muchBoccaccioChaucerLarry McMurtryMost Poets specifically Yeats, Keats, Coleridge, Donne, and CraneJust a few I think /lit/ doesn't seem to be too interested in.
go suck a dick
Peake A hundred pages of overwrought prose in which nothing fucking happens
You're right about how he creates atmosphere. The first half of The Book of Illusions is one of the most intense things I've ever read and The New York Trilogy started off mysterious enough though by the time I got the last story I knew he wasn't going to wrap anything up so I lost interest by then.
click the burgerslet this be a new thing please.
I've also read a lot by him. I started with NYT and didn't feel like anything else could hold up to that standard. Illusions was pretty good, though.
Roth and Bellow are the two authors I'd expect to be meme-level here but weirdly aren't.Rushdie is one of my favorite authors but comes up relatively little as well.Comes up every once in a while and is extremely well liked by the people who post about him. The Emigrants is amazing.Chesterton, Chaucer and Peake all come up pretty frequently. Chaucer and Lafferty more rarely.Updike
click the burgersThis is why I browse /lit/.
ChestertonI download The Man Who Thought He Was Thursday, how good is it?
Ian McEwan...i find him pretty fascinating and even if he has some feable books once in a while, especially in his latest, i keep getting excited when he puts out a book.
One of my favorite novels. It's very surreal and tons of fun. It's influence is apparent in writers like Borges.
F. Scott FitzgeraldErnest HemingwayJohn SteinbeckJane AustenCharles Dickens
Second everything you said. Also, I'd like to see more Hawkes and Bathelme, they were heavy influences on a lot of authors that are revered here.
Loling everywhere
I second this.
 Steinbeck, Hemingway and Fitzgerald come up once in a while. Their works are in no way worse than say Kafka or Joyce, but you can discuss a lot less about them.I'm all for some variety, but some books and authors are more suited for deep analysis and discussion.
I hope this is a joke. Fitzgerald, Hemingway, and Steinbeck all fall into that category of mediocre entry level lit. Austen and Dickens are both hacks.
I don't see Styron discussed very often.This thread used to apply to Gaddis, but now he's mentioned every four posts not that that's a bad thing.
This tbh
Please, please, tell me how Hemingway and Dickens are hacks
Hemingway and Dickens are hacksAusten and Dickens are both hacks.not him but your reading comprehension isn't that good m8.I agree
Please, please, tell me how Hemingway is entry level lit and why that matters and how Dickens is a hack. I need your guidance for I am lost. I fear that I am not up to speed on the contrarian trend, when do we start hating the Greeks?  im serious
I bet a bunch of you would love Witold Gombrowicz, but sadly polish isn't a popular foreign language to learn no surprise there and his translated works aren't all too popular. I could try and find a pdf of his book 'Ferdydurke' if someone's interested or just look for it yourselves.
I just started reading a translated version of Pornografia and I found it unbearable. Like, I had to stop reading it because I found the constant ellipses and exclamation points so grating. Maybe it was just a poor translation, but it felt unpleasant to read, and not in a good way.
Agree on Bellow. Never see him mentioned on here. He's fucking great.
It seems people are somehow relating style of prose with the quality of the work. When did easy-to-read prose result in being judged as inferior? Certainly one may point to CVS hacks and penny-per-word authors but here you're actually writing off well-renowned classics because they can be read by others. Is this some projection of elitism? Could you possibly be condemning them because they have been read by your peers? Can you defend your claims? could this all stem from poorly-veiled insecurities?
I guess you read the translation of Danuta Borchardt I doubt anyone else translated it. I read a bit of her translation of Ferdydurke and it seemed really good to me but you know, I read the original first so my judgement might be a bit clouded. That being said I found Pornografia to be one of his worse works. Ferdydurke should definitely be a better starting point, the first chapter might feel somewhat similar to Pornografia but overall the book is much clearer, wittier and a bit more dialogue driven. Exclamation points and repetition are still pretty common, so it might just not be for you. Do give it a try if you have a while tho, I found the book to be very valuable to me.
Tom Stoppard.
Very funny and elegantly written. Like a more manageable Flann O'Brien.
When did easy-to-read prose result in being judged as inferior?When you clicked on the link that said /lit/. You should know what to expect from the fedoras up in here.
You don't know shit about Gombrowicz.
he's a pleb favourite here, r&g are dead especially.
If we're doing underrated American authors, James Purdy 100x
Henry Miller. Because of his sincerity. This board loves its pomo.
Hassan Blasim. He's an Iraqi writer who has been likened to Bolano and Borges. The stories "The Killer and the Compass" and "The Iraqi Christ" are particularly good.We generally need more talk of contemporary writers.Most PoetsI agree. But again it would be nice if people read contemporary journals, too, and kept up with poets currently writing. I was surprised one day to actually find someone who had even heard of Anne Carson.
I've tried to read contemporary poets, but I swear 99% of them are shit. I do like Carson, though, and Li-Young Lee has some very good poems.
Anne Carsonworth reading Lel
I definitely second Hawkes and Barthelme. Hawkes used to be mentioned here quite a bit; that's how I found him. Vollmann is another who was talked about a lot in the past but not so much anymore. I have mixed feelings about his work.People here would probably really like Steve Erickson but he's pretty unknown. Maybe Kathy Acker if they could get over her being female and writing about sex and gender a lot.Thomas Bernhard seems like he ought to be more popular here as well.
He is popular here. Lurk more
Who is "he"? I came here a lot a few years ago but not so much anymore, so I could be slightly off.
pretty sure he meant Bernhard, who doesn't come up that often, but is unanimously liked when he does
I don't like Paul Auster, he's like an American Murakamia. Moon Palace has some nice sentences but overall it just blows.
I somewhat enjoyed his New York Trilogy, although nothing happens again and again. To say "nothing happens" in these detective stories is not to say that they are plotless, but rather to indicate that the plots are continually foiled by a fugitive otherness resisting apprehension by the standard procedures of systematic interrogation, empirical analysis, and deductive logic. I didn't really detect any Murakami elements, although I might be overlooking them.
Robinson Jeffers
I only read one Paul Auster, or tried to. It was Leviathan. It was just bad, bad in a way that was annoying, grating. He is my least favorite author, maybe. For some reason the characters, and his writing just annoyed me so much.
G.K. Chesterton He gets some love but not muchBullshit, he gets worshiped all the time. If the majority of his content is as idiotic as the quotes people post, he's not only overrated but terrible.
/lit/ loves Yeats. almost too much.
James Salter is pretty good. So are Denis Johnson, Edouard Leve, and Danilo Kis. Last year I read a novel called Sleepless Nights by Elizabeth Hardwick which was nice She had something to do with founding NYRB classics. I've read at least something by most of the authors posted here but it's true they don't come up a lot. I don't think there are that many /lit/ posters so it kind of makes sense that everyone talks about what everyone's read.
I forgot Ben Marcus, but not much contemporary stuff gets talked about here.
You are a definite bro.His short poems are my amongst my most frequented these days. Read him every week.
Maybe if you whipped up some dank Hawkes memes the meme troglodytes would start reading him? I just started The Passion Artist after reading The Blood Oranges, Death Sleep and the Traveler, and Travesty.
What did you make of the Traveler? I read it last night and I will openly admit I didn't understand the ending. Given, I read it directly before sleeping and didn't care to reread.
It's been a few months but from what I recall he was accused of killing that girl he was fucking on the cruise even though they never found the body. Throughout the book he has this uncomfortable sort of relationship with his dream life and his actual life and at some points it seems as though he can't tell the difference between what's real and what isn't.In the end he questions his sanity then says he isn't guilty. That could be interpreted in a couple of ways but personally I think he's trying to convince himself that he's not to blame for his wife divorcing him and for that girl's death. Whether or not he actually believes it or if it's true is another issue.
His friend Peter's death too. Forgot to mention that one.
In literary fictionGeorge MacDonald I've seen him discussed once literallyVasily Grossman never seen him mentionedLermontov not enough love for such a great poetPolish Romantics Mickiewicz, SłowackiChateaubriandIn philosophy:Karl Jaspers haven't seen a philosopher of his caliber mentioned once, that's really oddLev ShestovHusserlOakeshott possibly seen him mentioned few times though
Lermontov not enough love for such a great poetA lot of people here love "A Hero of Our Time," and just as many seem to agree Russian poetry isn't very worth reading in translation considering how formalist the writers were and simply how removed Russian is from English in ability to emulate styles. What do you think? And if it's worth it, which work and translation to read Lermontov for verse?
Okay whoa, I either absolutely missed the entire story and I literally can't read or something was lost in translation here. Are you sure that's The Traveler? Perhaps Im wrong but The Traveler I read took place on the beach of France and the protagonist was a rich german guy who got sunburned. Then he buys his brother a lamb. The story you're talking about sounds good though, I'm just not sure if we are talking about the same thing--again, I could be wrong
I'll join the choir and say Roth should be meme-tier here. His protagonists are ornery, writers, narcissistic, lightly misogynistic, horny, etc, Maybe most people on /lit/ don't like to stare into a mirror, or don't really read anything but dusty classics.
We're definitely talking about two completely different books. Two completely different authors as well. The book I was talking about is "Death Sleep and the Traveler" by John Hawkes, who died in 1998.
Raymond Carver
Fair enough, that may be a valid complaint. Also I wish I could help you with translation, but I read Lermontov in Polish so I guess it wouldn't be of much help. I also forgot Pushkin, however same thing you've written possibly applies to him in English what is a damn shame.
Tao lin Buy his new book here.
Well I'm talking about The Traveler by John Hawkes who died in 1998. The short story is contained in his Lunar Landscapes collection.
He gets brought up every once in a while here but I really wish he had meme status.
that is a hilarious mistake
twilight zone af
Ok. Same author, different books then. I haven't read his short stories.
What makes it even more confusing is that there's apparently a 2005 book called "The Traveler" by a guy with the pseudonym of "John Twelve Hawks".
I'm just glad I didn't miss the entire plot of a short story
Harry Mulisch, The Discovery of Heaven is excellent and lit would love itAlso, Cesar Vallejo.A poem of hisEspergesiaI was born on a daywhen God was sick.Everybody knows that I am alive,that I am no good; and they do not knowabout the December of that January.For I was born on a daywhen God was sick.There is a voidin my metaphysical airthat no one is going to touch:the cloister of a silencethat spoke flush with fire.I was born on a daywhen God was sick.Brother, listen, listen..........Okay. And do not let me leavewithout bringing Decembers,without leaving Januaries.For I was born on a daywhen God was sick.Everybody knows that I am alive,that I chew...And they do not knowwhy in my poetry galled winds,untwisted from the inquisitiveSphinx of the Desert,screech a darkcoffin anxiety.Everybody knows...And they do not knowthat the Light is consumptive,and the Shadow fat..........And they do not know how the Mystery synthesizes........how it is the hunchback,musical and sad, who denounces from afarthe meridianal step from the limits to the Limits.I was born on a daywhen God was sick,gravely.
thats what i meant when i said"a hilarious mistake" what are the odds of that happening?
You're kidding
This
too much of a blowhard. mostly right on statistics though, if wrong on politics

Tao Lin pls go
Also, some more poets that /lit/ missesConrad AikenInto the wood the old king wentAnd greeted an ash and touched an oakOut of his sore soul’s discontentHe sighed and spoke:“Children I had and they are deadA wife I had, and she is lost.What do you do, good trees,” he said,“At the hour of frost?”The oak-trees soughed and the ash-tree sighed,But never a word they gave the king.The crow in the ash-tree cawed and cried,But did not sing.The old king shut his two eyes fast,And leant his forehead against the treeAnd though of all the dead leaves past-A marvelous company.They came, they came, like waves of the sea,These ghosts of leaves came round that king.They hushed they whispered, ceaselessly;And he heard them sing:Children and bright eyed wives we wereBut Time forgot us, and no one grieves.Who remembers us? Who will stirThe ghosts of leaves? . . .The world is a world of forgotten thingsIt is better so, far better so.Wives and children, even a king’s,Are brief as snow.And who can be happier than the dead,By all forgotten, forgetting all?Come with us King! - the dead leaves said-The year’s at the fall.Archibald MacLeishEpistle to be Left in the Earth...It is colder now, there are many stars, we are driftingNorth by the Great Bear, the leaves are falling,THe water is stone in the scooped rocks, to southwardRed sun grey air: the crows areSlow on their crooked wings, the jays have left us:Long since we passed the flares of Orion.Each man believes in his heart he will die.Many have written last thoughts and last letters.None know if our deaths are now or forever:None know if this wandering earth will be found.We lie down and the snow covers our garments.I pray you, you if any open this writingMake in your mouths the words that were our names.I will tell you all we have learned, I will tell you everything:The earth is round, there are springs under the orchards,The loam cuts with a blunt knife, beware of Elms in thunder, the lights in the sky are stars——We think they do not see, we think alsoThe trees do not know nor the leaves of the grasses hear us:The birds too are ignorant. Do not listen.Do not stand at dark in the open windows.We before you have heard this: they are voices:They are not words at all but the wind rising.Also none among us has seen God....We have thought oftenThe flaws of sun in the late and driving weatherPointed to one tree but it was not so.As for the nights I warn you the nights are dangerous:The wind changes at night and the dreams come.It is very cold, there are strange stars near Arcturus,Voices are crying an unknown name in the sky
my nigga
purchasedcan we hang out and talk about rape fantasies sometime mr lin?
I'm not Tao Lin. I just really enjoyed his novel. This one is also really good.
fucking this
I'm also not Tao Lin but I'd really appreciate it if you bought this book because I'm not Tao Lin.
this x 1000this book changed my life.
Grossman's Life and Fate is constantly recommended in every NYRB thread but I never actually see it discussed.
Came to say Bellow and also Maugham who I really injoy
Giovanni Papini
ChestertonBut it weren't for /lit/ I wouldn't have heard of him let alone read him
millernot a cynic of all cynics
how much of a good/bad idea would it be to majoring in Philosophy?
If you have to think about it, then don't.Why are you thinking about it, if I may ask?
Supposedly it's not terrible if you want to go to law school or something. Though that comes with it's own set of issues.
collegeyou're already the state's ideological whore. dont bother reading about why
Is that the only use? I want to major in philosophy but hate law.
If you're not serious about philosophy, it's a bad idea.If you are serious about philosophy, it's a terrible idea.
Literally any degree will open up job opportunities, there are jobs that screen people solely on whether or not they have a college diploma and don't care what it's in. That said, education isn't just about a career, so if you are passionate about philosophy then do it.
Truism nonsense.
I'm undecided. It's between English, Math or Philosophy. I'm interested in all three. Haha
hi, I'll take a venti mocha with a little bit of cream and a parfait to go please.
literally making the same jokes that conservative babyboomer dads are making these dayswoah look out next he'll throw some jabs at monica lewinsky
if you want to be an academic or lawyer it's good. If you want anything else it's bad. simple as that.
What school are you going to?There are many white collar jobs and graduate programs that don't care what you major in so long as you have a good GPA, demanding extracurriculars and internships. Many of these same jobs also place a great deal of importance on where you went, so that's useful info from a "can I get a job with this degree" perspective. If you apply yourself, you'll sharpen your critical thinking, reading and argumentation skills beyond belief. If you skate through, you'll learn a lot of new names.
It's a cliche for a reason anon. Everyone, not just your dad, thinks you're destined to be a loser.
it's a good idea if you plan to be the next Zizek, Chomsky or even a fucking academic version of Sam Harris.Go for it.If you are a pussy and don't want to become famous, then enjoy being a faggot.
as long as you aren't planning on going into a profession for which there is a preprofessional program, most places do not care what you major in. if you plan to go to grad school then of course it matters what you major inof course if you just want to skate by and have a job waiting for you at the end of your undergrad do cs
lol are you like one of those guys who is never cognizant that he's shitposting on 4chan when he says shit like this?get off 4chan if you're such a winner. go on. live your bravado, killer.
Graduate with CS degreeDiscover interest in philosophyWant to go back to school but don't have time
how bad of an idea would it be to major in film restoration?
mad because he wasted thousands of dollars to study something where a library card and a little dedication would have taken him much farther
"Every good mathematician is at least half a philosopher, and every good philosopher is at least half a mathematician."Who said that? Only mode: no google
just choose the most boring law imaginable like family law or some shit. You still won't like your job, but it won't be uniquely bad, you'll be like any other pencil pusher.
A niche degree in a field where the objects in question get progressively more valuable. It's probably a good idea.
No, I didn't.Still, it's difficult to get caught up in the conversation, really in the Analytic discipline. I recommended this:Otherwise, it wouldn't be worth it.
Philosophy is basically maths, so go with maths. You'll also get a job out of it.
this is what NEETS actually believe Reading about a subject on wikipedia doesn't mean shit.
why is futurism so dank?
There's no harm in at all if you have some pre-existing talent for it. A helpful compromise might be to major in something "useful" first and then take on philosophy as a minor or second major. You don't want to start school as a philosophy major for reasons I'm sure other anons in this thread won't mind sharing. For my part, I graduated with a major in branding and advertising and a second major in process philosophy. The philosophy actually helped me get a couple interviews I otherwise wouldn't have. Some firms out there get very interested in people who have a humanities perspective, especially when most other applicants lack it.
it's not your fault
why wouldnt you want to study the fathoms of human thought?
The fuck? Is this some Good Will Hunting shit?
What? They're talking about the current academic viability of the field.That was an oddly vague pontification there.
it's not your fault
you're either studying in a uni or reading wiki articles top logic bro my self-designed education blows your uni bullshit clear out of the water, guaranteed
Yes and no. You are going to need real academic certifications for most industries. It's a closed system.
Anyone who makes a career out of philosophy should not be taken seriously
Bertrand Russell? Rudolf Carnap?Regardless it's kind of a stupid quote.
implying most of the great philosophers past didn't do just thatI get it. You're jaded when it comes to modern philosophy. You might have good reason to be. But don't say stupid shit like that.
Oh it's a large amount of good/bad idea Also fuck these captchas because TEAM LOGOS ARENT STREET SIGNS HOLY SHIT
Famous because of philosophy is not the same as a career in philosophy. Most great thinkers had minimal to no affiliation with a university. Independent thinkers have inveighed against university philosophy for centuries.
You were close. Gottlob Frege. Taking into account significance of logic in analytic school I can agree with the quote as long as we remain within said school of thought.
Be graduating from highschool next weekWant to go to university to study mathematics or philosophyDue to a downward spiral in terms of my emotional/mental health over the last few months I've fucked my gradesNot that they were ever that great, mostly A's and B's but this semester's been a crapshootBut I'm better read than most people, and while most normies tend to dislike me I've never met a professor who didn't seem to take a liking to meI'm not stupid either, I've been blowing through Stewart calculus like it's poetryPreviously I'd been hoping to get into some preppy liberal arts college with a good endowment plan, but my grades lately are making me question that possibilityBut I'm way too poor to afford to just 'go to university' like most people, financial aid is pretty much going to determine whether I can or can'tBesides that, the prospect of going to some shitty university with the same plebs I go to highschool with, or at least similar, makes me want to kill myselfLately I just want to curl up in bed and cry, I've barely even lived and already I feel like I've got no future to look forwards to. I've been getting dizzy spells and feel sick all the time, when I blow my nose blood comes out and has for the last several days. Last night my piano teacher called me up just to yell at me, she sounded exactly like my parents. Nabokov and Gide feel like my only friends sometimes, but really they're dead. I don't want to make a thread about it, but can someone who's been in my position pat me on the back and tell me it's going to be OK?
getting degree in philosophy from a shitty liberal arts party school in the middle of nowhere.dream of getting tenure in an even shittier liberal arts party school in the desert somewherespend rest of life writing half assed memoirs, teaching, living in isolated rural home, and smoking weed.
have Phil degreefriend also has phil degreei work as editor for a japanese/english maghe works for Verizon our bio friend is selling insurance for scotiabank Literally do whatever, nothing matters unless you want to be a doctor or engineer; and don't do either of those things because you think people will be impressed or care.
The dream
Today I received some free copies of the lit journal I was published in. I wanted to thank you guys for being a great fire under my ass to push me to improve.Hopefully, there will be more /lit/izens published in the future.
/lit/ had a positive impact on somebody?I was published before coming here, and now feel like I'll never do it again.
I sent my query around to a few agents. So far nothing but generic lulz this ain't for us but thanks for sending it type replies from the few who even bothered replying.
Writing is surprisingly stressful. I have a self published book too, but it's hard to find the motivation to keep going.
My new gf sees me reading in my comfy chair. Asks me, "How much do you read everyday?"I reply, "About one hundred and fifty pages a day.""Wow, that is a lot. You must be really smart."mfw"It's really not that much"
Tonight, on things that never happened.
Do you have time to tell it again
OP, I don't think you could have been anymore tryhard if you... tried
Nah, he's gotta hurry up and read some more before it hits midnight.
Here's the chair.

now lets see your gfs feet
Aaaaand yep. Yep it's confirmed. That is, in fact, a real chair. Story confirmed. OP wasn't lying after all
giving girls clues as to your power levelits all orge
The ambience in that room blows, fake looking leather on a black chair put in the middle of the room blocking the flow of things, nothing hung on the wall, nothing to imply this is a space you've really impacted just sort of occupied. Why even live there if you aren't gonna cozy up the place.
OP here gf's feet incoming
"hey babe can I get a picture of your toes to prove to some guys online that you exist?"
if you've never saisd that to your girl you've never really been in love
Not all books are created equal, neither in size of page, text, or denseness of prose. So what are you reading, Vonnegut or something?
He probably reads Josh Green while his gf reams him with a dragon dildo.
if you wouldnt read john green if it meant you could get pegged by the woman of your choice every night you're literally gay
I would read John Green to avoid getting pegged tbh
down w this
She won't let me take a picture of her feet for you guys, she saw the thread on her phone and now she is mad at me. Oh well. Currently reading pic related
I'd rather be called gay on a click all the street signs board than read Josh Green or get buggered.
How does she not know that about you already?
yeah 150 on walden ain't hard, at least for the library of american editionI guess the better question is: what is she reading?
gf is surprised that anon reads 150 pages a day gf says 'oh wow you must be smart' gf browses /lit/? Ya fucked up OP. Though, to be fair, it was weak from the start.
She is not reading anything right now.
She knows I browse /lit/
Why are you making threads like this one?
If I could delete it, I would.
, 
, 
Hey, guys. I'm going to make this OP quick. I don't want to waste any of your time with a thread you've probably seen more than once before.So here it is.I find it extremely hard to read regularly. I just can't do it anymore. A Tom Clancy book? Pfft, two weeks casually I'd finish it in. The Half-Blood Prince? Took me one week. Now, I'm not meaning to prop up these books like examples of the world's best literature: they are great books, there are better ones, but these are good snapshots of my childhood. Eventually something happened. Maybe it was vidya, maybe it was anime that came along I watched all of DBZ and most of Naruto and Bleach, along with a bunch of smaller25 ep. series, maybe it was schoolwork finally becoming hard. At some point I realized reading is just a part of my life, and tried to get back to reading regularly again. For a while I blamed those 3 things I mentioned for taking all my time, but even with time after I started to work better at school and cut back on anime and vidya, it's just so hard to not waste time on some stupid shit instead of finishing reading the Greek playwrights or so much of the amazing modern sci-fi that is being put out. I'm not looking for an overly deep analysis here; I've thought about it myself enough. I suspect many out there are dealing with this same thing, and just want to hear personal advice on how to get back into the beautiful world of books again. Thank you for any of your time, /lit/.
Is this a copypasta ?
Go to a comfy library to read. Don't bring your laptop; don't bring your phone. I forget the exact term but it's something along the lines of habit-environment association. Plus, no internet or TV or vidya for distraction
It sounds like you enjoyed books as a kid, but now that you're in high school you don't enjoy them as much. Force yourself back into it in that case if you really want. On the more likely possibility that you're a troll, 8/10 if this is OC.
No, I honestly just wrote this myself. I just suspect many of you have had to overcome this problem as well at some point.
I hope it is just this. Anyone else can confirm something along these lines? I've been obsessively worrying my brain has been too accustomed to instant gratification and all so that it would take more than that.
Can we have a serious discussion about feminist literature without it degenerating into pic related?
No, fuck off.
No, because feminist literature is, as a whole, a gender-biased collection of assumptions with no regard for logic or realism. A chimp painting on a piece of butcher's paper with its own feces as a pigment constitutes a higher modicum of social understanding than feminist drivel.
That wouldn't be fun, would it? Back to tumblr, degenerate.
g-go back to /pol/ muhsoggyknee!
Which is the more harmful stereotype.
what the fuck have women ever done for literature you fucking jewboy. go back to tumblr you fucking sjw /lit/ doesnt want any fucking leftys
implying housewifes are badimplying taking care of your children isn't one of the most noble things that a person can do
Considering 99% of 4chan, apart from /soc/ and the cosplay board, is male, it would be far more pic related if we did have a serious discussion or what OP means 'agree with me or you a hat tipping man' about feminist literature.
The one in your picture, since it a encourages the perpetuation of Wife's effective slavery to Husband which is a result of her not being paid for her labor around the house, and b encourages the perpetuation of the capitalist family unit and the contradictions it entails?
/lit/ is one of the most leftist boards on 4chan retard.
get back to tumblr already, /lit/ would be far better if we didn't have you liberals shitting it up
And he calls others fedoras.
Proletarian families are the unit of capitalism. Middle and upper-class families are not involved.
the perpetuation of Wife's effective slavery to HusbandStopped reading right there, all she does all day is clean and talk over the phone with her friends and for it she gets a free home and food plus way more free time then her husband who does the work. If anything the man would be the slave.
Marxist threadsdoesn't want leftysYou're the one who's in the wrong place my friend.
a It's her natural position.b It would still exist without capitalism like it has before.inb4 everything is influenced by pure culture
seriously though have women ever made any decent literature lol? i've been on /lit/ for a few weeks now since some of us /pol/acks got recced this place; and there ain't any decent women ive seen LOL
Homer was a woman.
the capitalist family unitThis is why people are getting sick of you.Ah, yes! Injecting more people in the capitalist workforce will hinder capitalism!
This.Women naturally carry the child for 9 months.Women are naturally equipped to care for the child after birth with their milky breasts.Women naturally undergo radical hormonal changes to accommodate the baby.And then cultural Marxists will STILL try to make you believe that motherhood is a social construct.
haha don't make me laugh, next you'll be saying apu doesn't smell like curry LOL
We had a female authors thread yesterday. Admittedly not as many women have been historically great compared to men but there are still quite a few. Virginia WoolfFlannery O'ConnorEmily Dickinson Emily Bronte
i guss not
implying we need or want more children in society
I haven't read any of these authors so they can't be good.
like it has beforeExplain nursemaids. If motherhood is natural and not cultural, why did we have a culture where any woman who could afford to dumped all her "natural" motherly duties on the nearest lactating peasant?
But Anon, capitalism is why the "family unit" got disbanded, you know, cheap labour.
So said peasant could practice motherhood. Said peasant was in fact a woman.
O'ConnorEh. The other three are alright, but it's still debatable if they're a GREAT of literature.
"society doesn't NEED or WANT more children!"Now THAT's a social construct.
Because virginity and purity were prized, and bodily fluids demonised...
You're describing a socially constructed variant of motherhood.
birth is not imperative to the survival of society
...are you saying that the upper classes had nursemaids because they were so worried that their servants would otherwise never get to enjoy the experience of breastfeeding? That all the women who employed nursemaids actually desperately WANTED that for themselves, but in the name of charity and noblesse oblige, they handed over their children to the peasantry?Because that's dumb.
...quod erat demonstrandum.
Basic motherhood is still biological.Barring disease or other physical defects, women are still built to bear and care for children.This is not a social construct.
Depends on where you draw the line at great. To be great might just mean they're better than Steinbeck or Dickens. I think it's asking too much to immediately compare a writer to Joyce or Shakespeare
I think it's asking too much to immediately compare a writer to Joyce or ShakespeareNo it isn't. They have consisted of half the human race. We should have one that can at least be top ten.
Fucking cis scum.
But that actually did happen. Nobility would often want their children to grow up among the common people & sometimes sent then to spend some time growing up with them so they would understand and like the peasantry more. Montesquieu comes to mind.
Yeah, but they didn't dump it on a male peasant.
The social construct is WHAT caring for children even MEANS. That's what makes is cultural, that the idea of what Mother is supposed to be doing changes depending on what culture you're talking about, and what era in that culture.
Just because something is natural doesn't mean it's good or that it fits humanity in its current state. Men are designed for physical activity and hunting, but you don't see too much of that in modern society. Why do we assume something is bad just because it's a social construct.
90, being a stemlord took away my privilege
Nobility would often want their children to grow up among the common peopleso they would understand and like the peasantry more.What.
he responds to the one troll response
Oh wait, this doesnt have as much of a bearing on the post it's responding to as I thought it did. Never mind.
Women have just recently started having judicial equality within the last century. There aren't many groundbreaking female writers in history because women couldn't write.You know what we're now finding out?Even when given the same treatment from the law as men, even when gifted with the same if not more opportunities than your average man, they still don't write that earth-shattering literature.There's no reason to put a woman in the top ten if she's undeserving of it.Maybe in a couple centuries we'll see some female writers really drive it home. A woman comes along and just knocks all of the writers, male or otherwise, out of the park.But that hasn't happened yet.
in a couple centuries will we really have writers?
Meant for 
At the very physical basis, women are distinct from men. This is sexual dimorphism, and this is not a social construct.For instance: women are biologically more inclined to care for children. Hence their higher propensity for housework.Of course there are deviations, but you simply cannot escape the biological truth.Hunting isn't as important as it used to be.But yes, the greater physical strength of human males is part of the sexual dimporphism.This also explains why men are more suited to physically challenging work.Because they're simply stronger.
Just because something is natural doesn't mean it's good or that it fits humanity in its current stateYeah but it means it's pretty much unavoidable.And if you're implying men shouldn't get more activity fuck yourself.
Probably not.Chances are, we'll have developed what's effectively an online hivemind within the next decade or so.Here's hoping.
serious discussion about feminist literature
That sounds like a leftist utopia, I don't know if I like it.
Chances are, we'll have developed what's effectively an online hivemind within the next decade or so.what is 4chan
Even when given the same treatment from the law as men, even when gifted with the same if not more opportunities than your average man, they still don't write that earth-shattering literature.You don't think it's simply that literature written by women is valued lower than literature written by men because everyone KNOWS women can't write?
For instance: women are biologically more inclined to care for children.You're making the assertion that women are biologically inclined to care for children, and you're proving it by pointing out that women are biologically inclined to care for children.Did no one ever tell you that you can't use your conclusion as your premise?
the survival of society is imperativetips natalism
How are women supposed to prove themselves as great to you when you just dismiss them and assume that it's bad before reading it.
Nope. If anything, literature written by women is given more attention than that written by men. The concept that the author's gender impacts sales at all due to 'sexist readers' and not shitty writing is a myth.I never said that women cannot write, just that we're yet to see a single modern era-defining piece of literature written by a woman. Make your own conclusions.
This is such a shitty thread.
Scientific data isn't a premise or a conclusion
That only started happening recently and now all of the top selling authors are women. The problem is that sales do not indicate an authors talent. Top selling literature by women includes the hunger games, Harry potter and fifty shades of gray.
...that was rather my point.The concept that the author's gender impacts sales at all due to 'sexist readers' and not shitty writing is a myth.Oh, that must be why Rowling goes around putting an obviously female name on the cover of her bestselling series, right?
wow you lefties are getting BTFO in this thread, so fucking glad, maybe now this board won't be so fucking sjw and we can get more like my old board /pol/
Please show me this scientific data.
Jesus Christ...
you wish nigga
I already proved that women are biologically more inclined to care for children.As if you need any proof from me anyway.Are you a dumb person?
I need the scientific data that proves you requested the scientific data.
modern era-defining piece of literatureelaborate
No, you claimed that women are biologically more inclined to care for children. You don't seem to be able to tell the difference between saying something and proving it. Do you have a disability of some sort?
You didn't prove anything jackass you just stated it as a given fact. I agree with you that motherhood is natural but do you not know what proof is?
Do you not know what breasts are, who has them, and what they're for?
Don't worry about it, I have something much better: scientific data that proves women are not biologically more inclined to care for children.Here it is: Women are not biologically more inclined to care for children.
liberals and /pol/ both trying to play the science cardwhere do you think we are?
/lit/ which is essentially /pol/ 2
He means a piece of literature that enforces his personal views about the modern era. What is this obsession with defining the modern era anyway? Can't a good book just be a good book?
I am going to shill this board on /pol just to piss these self righteous cunts off.
Something that scholars approve of as being a great novel of its time that gives great insight into the times it was made.
this christian-socialist board
I want /lit/ to be a place where I can post my opinions on fiction I haven't read and watch people agree with me in terms I can use to impress people in real life.
Well then if you want this era defined you'll just have to wait another twenty years anyway.
Are you under the impression that the sum total of childcare is breastfeeding? That it's literally just a case of occasionally plopping an infant against your tit, until it grows old enough to stop breastfeeding, after which you abandon it on some beach like a baby turtle and leave it to fend for itself?Also, do you know the difference between "can usually naturally do a thing" and "is naturally inclined to do a thing"?
like Woolf's novels?
I'm not sure what point you''re trying to make with that.You could have said that she abbreviated her name to avoid sexual scrutiny in the literature scene, but you didn't. You went directly for an argument that actually proves my point further.Readers were able to distinguish her art from others because they thought it was exceptional. It didn't matter whether the work was written by a man or a woman, the book sold like hotcakes.See, now you know how to prod an anonymous poster and make me bend.I guess the only way to recognize those great works is in retrospect. It's no big secret that some of time's best authors aren't recognized in their time.Maybe something has been written by a woman and just not recognized yet. Who's to say, maybe in two-hundred years, somebody will find a Zadie Smith novel in a digital cafe FTP server and realize how genius it is.No, that's not at all what I meant. Timepiece literature is not necessarily era-defining literature.Please do not put words into my mouth.
Women have breasts.These breasts are there to provide nourishment for children.Hence: women are biologically equipped to care for children.
No, no, damnit, the experiences of 7 billion people in the 21st century HAVE to be summed up by a hundred thousand words on the life of a 20-something white guy from the US.
1. Equipped to =/= is inclined to2. Care for children =/= breastfeeding
Okay, now I'm positive that you're shitpostingYou're better off on /pol/, they're like fucking minnows to a decent piece of bait.If not, read what I said in the second quote 
these plus: Clarice Lispector, Alice Munro, Katherine Mansfield, Jean Rhys, Carole Maso, Myung Mi Kim, and Gertrude Stein, off the top of my head. Also, /pol/tard pls go.
Is that you?If so you're beautiful
Haven't read her books or heard of her so maybe.
or heard of herfor real?
free food, free housing, free electricityall for washing some dishesI wish my life was that good.
1. Equipped to =/= is inclined toThat's exactly what it means, barring anomalies.There are profound hormonal changes that take care of this.2. Care for children =/= breastfeedingFeeding is an integral and basic part of care.A lot of other caring acts result from the example of breastfeeding: cradling, keeping the baby close for the next feeding session, ...
You're also somewhat implying that men do not also play an important part in caring for children.
that pale skinthose dark, saggy eyebagsthat frail lippy hairdem soulless eyesdyed hairthat crocked noseYeah no you're wrong.
The fact that they do not typically lactate alone makes that true.Biologically, their role is more indirect.
yeah no you're weebshit, gulag material
weebshitWhat the hell are you talking about?
Lactation does not mean an inclination to care for a child. Not having two parents has been shown to seriously fuck with a child's natural development. Products of single parent homes are more likely to grow up depressed or drop out of high school.
Lactation does not mean an inclination to care for a child.Again, that's exactly what it means. Lactation is a mechanism designed to care for a child.Not having two parents has been shown to seriously fuck with a child's natural developmentHe never said anything about a single parent household, just that the father plays a more indirect role in raising the child.Be it hunting deer with a flint spear or slaving away your days in an office to bring home a paycheck, human history reflects this pretty accurately.
Lactation does not mean an inclination to care for a child.Women lactate.They do this to feed the child they just bore for 9 months.Hormones give them all kinds of bonding feelings, including hormones released during breastfeeding itself.What are you not understanding?Not having two parents has been shown to seriously fuck with a child's natural development.How is this relevant?I said "women are MORE inclined to care for children", not that "ONLY women are inclined to care for children".
#rehk
This is bad because it perpetuates capitalism.OMG SHE'S NOT EVEN GETTING PAID, LIKE, WTFSeriously, GTFO.
Can we have a serious discussion about X without disagreeing with me?Thankfully not.
How many ITT browse Reddit?
Can we have a serious lactation fetish thread without degenerating into social theory.
muh leddit boogeyman
I have a hard time believing people from Reddit don't browse this board and aren't posting ITT. The Reddit bogeyman is real, and so is the /pol/ bogeyman.
Reddit has been on 4chan and vice versa since the inception. If I had to make a wager I'd say that a lot of the people who complain about reddit browse reddit, except maybe guys from /v/.
-25kek I suddenly like this whole ideology thingyfuck you racist scum
90, i have also more and better hair than many womemes if that means something
womemesWomen are memes/thread
Nah, I think most of the people who complain about Reddit don't like Reddit and don't browse it. Reddit hasn't been part of 4chan since its inception since Reddit came into being after 4chan did.
No we don't. We genuinely hate reddit and its culture, and trust me when I say we can absolutely notice a redditfag.The "the userbase is the same" myth is pure cancer.
t. certified redditfag spotteri would say professional, but that would be inaccurate since you do it for free
Because we spend so much time there ironically studying them so we can spot them here.
Since reddit's inception, you dummy.Not he, them :^
This is a good example of a memethread; well done gang we've got fairly dank
I use reddit and an underagewho caresA couple of examples of how correct that anon was, right here.
saw him debating somewhere, somehow i thought he would sound more like an alcoholic and not like birtbong posh cunt
namefaggotuppity about anything
So Reddit likes to imitate 4chan. How does it from this that 4chan doesn't dislike Reddit?
redditorscalling out people who use names online
lolat least cite what 'feminist books' you're talking about
a long time ago someone said reddit was bad, then someone said it again, then another guy said it and so on.You watch people who complain about reddit and you will find that they are strangely up to date with reddit's current memes and catchphrases. I had no idea what a "shitlord" was before some faggot decided he had to call everyone shitlord on 4chan ironically.
not filtering the catsdum
did you not go to hs?rest of thread-plz read a history book
tbh r/books is a pretty cancerous place, but 4chinners trying to become the complete opposite of its attitude are ridiculous
mods please sticky this wonderful thread
he likes Gaddis and Swift, I can't consider him complete faggot
It's actually about 40% female. /v/ is like 80% male and lit is fifty fifty
You watch people who complain about reddit and you will find that they are strangely up to date with reddit's current memes and catchphrasesI really don't think that's always true, or even that it indicates that people like Reddit. It's a cultural force that has a much broader appeal than 4chan, so its memes achieve saturation sooner than ours do. I had no idea what a shitlord wasWhat? It's an I uotive insult, not a particular entity. Is this how Reddit thinks?
yikeshighschoolers I know you're excited for school to end, but please pay attention in class, this thread is truly embarrassing, even compared to the usual /pol/ illiterates posting in here
Nope. Really not true at all. I have no idea about anything happening on reddit because I've never been interested. You don't accidentally hear people IRL using redditspeak. You only find out what it is if you hang around there.
it's an intuitive insultThat's what I used to think too.
Maybe I do t know Reddit's memes as well as I thought I did. Didn't they invent the Le meme? I know a lot of people IRL who do that. What does it mean, then? Someone whose fiefdom is shit?
a long time ago someone said reddit was bad, then someone said it again, then another guy said it and so on.Sounds like a lot of people don't like Reddit. Disiking something is basically thinking it's bad, since emotivism is correct. Not sure what point you to get this would prove.
i think it's origin as far as the internet is concerned comes from people making fun of tumblr/'sjw' people who have used it bc it's a non ableist or racist or etc-ist insult i think was the logic if it even came from thereso now we have the always hilarious and not at all tired and painfully unfunny "Stop triggering me shitlord! I'm -random object--kin!" jokes
Antifeminists are much less rational than fieminists tbh
What does it mean, then?used to be sjw preferred insult for people who say things they don't like
I've never heard it used in that kind of context before, in fact I've never seen it used outside of this website. It really seems like a generic insult to me. You haven't provided sources or evidence either, and that is actually relevant, believe it or not.
google it then if you want "sources" pissbaron
Or you could post a few instances where an SJW used the phrase and not look like the problem with this board people not posting sources to back up their claims. There's a long argument about whether or not it's a scientific fact that women are more inclined to childcare than men due to the fact that they have breasts; at no point did the person making an affirmative claim provide any kind of citation for this supposed fact, proving himself to genuinely be a shitlord, whatever the term means. You're no better than he is if you won't even try to back up your claims about the origin of this insult.
um i'm not one of the /pol/ idiots talking about any of that, i was trying to be helpfuland I said it's what people here and on reddit and other places SAY 'sjws' say, not a statement on 'sjws' because 'sjws' don't even exist in the way the people who use the term saysince google is too hard and you need yr FACTS: 
Sorry for the confusion & thanks for the link

being poor takes away less privilege than being a womanK E KEK
Being this based.
Reddit has been on 4chan and vice versa since the inception.since [Reddit's] inceptionHow does that make Reddit good? It mostly proves the other guy's point.
No OP, we can't
How does that make Reddit good?It doesn't, it just means the current state of affairs is no different from the situation before the existence of reddit. they're not outsiders and no worse than 4chan.
Explained perfectly /thread
22222sorry /lit/, couldn't ignor
Bampuuuu~~~
they're not outsidersYes they are.
No, deal with it.
yall niggas need to read The Second Sex
fucking lol, unfortunately for you I'll actually read anything with pages in it, so I'm familiar with most of those mediocre artists.Woolf, Eliot, and Austen are the only decent female writers.
I never understood the interest to read the feminists. What do they talk about ? what do they state to want ?
What do they talk about400 pages of pure ideology
this is bait. I can't believe how dumb all you faggots are.
Alice Munro got a fucking award. Yes, I'm sure a random anonymous person can judge her literary merit better than whoever thought she was good.
She's literally the only person in Canadian history to put pen to paper, of course she got an award m8
I'm getting sick of the Milbank spamming and the Christposting. Is there any philosopher primarily known for his atheism that we can focus on who won't get "le fedora" maymay'd at?
 atheist philosophersFeels like an oxymoron. All the intelligent atheists I listen to are physicists.
Well, with philosophy you generally read
Atheism is essentially an infinite suicide to the Christian
I'm not interested in Christians, who are blowing their horn way too loud for how small a segment of 4chan they are.
Intelligent philosophers who focused on atheism disappeard with likes of Ayer and Russell. Among contemporary ones there are few bright ones who also happen to atheist, but they don't focus on this issue. Much like Christian philosophers to be honest. Milbank is actually quite intelligent though.
Any philosopher that focuses on atheism and makes it his image is probably a joke. It's like a philosopher that is known for his solipsism.
he rants and whines about liberalism, but calls himself a socialist. he's a joke
theyre almost half of /lit/ m8
he rants and whines about liberalismcalls himself a socialist.thinking the 2 are mutually exclusivehahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
No, because you're beginning by looking for atheism, then looking for references to back up the atheist's prestige. This is religious behavior.
muh Nazi may may
That's because I want to counter the influx of Christian shitposting
What are you talking about? Many socialists absolutely despise liberalism, and it's quite common to hear liberal used as a slur in socialist circles.
Stirner, Rawls, Nietzche, and so on and so on are all prominent meme philosophers who are listed as atheist
Socialism is about as liberal as you can get. Scandinavian socialism is democratic, and regular socialism is authoritarianism, but they're still the opposite of conservative.
Atheism is for materialistic fools, grow up.Nietzsche wasn't atheist.
It's not even Christian, it's just people sick and tired of whiners from 2006 still whining about the one thing about them that they think is an achievement, not having read enough neuroscience.
americans aren't taught about ideology in high school
Except Zizek likes Milbank, and Nietzsche is always being contorted into saying he was lamenting God is dead.Stirner isn't helping stop Christposters
Graham OppyJL SchellenbergMichael RuseMichael MartinMatthew McCormickHerman Philipse
I guess you missed a century of puritan, almost conservative socialism practice behind The Iron Curtain. I'd ask if you also think that Zizek is a joke being a socialist who despises liberalism, but he sort of is.
lol no we're all atheists on 4chan, we just make sure to distance ourselves from the fedoras on reddit.
I'm just happy that the Stirner and DFW posting seems to have abated somewhat.
A little clarification. Century was an overstatement, more like half of it, especially after Stalin's purge and the post-war period.
we're all atheists on 4chanFuck guys okay the ruse is up, he saw through it.
Good, good. I will look into them
Hume was an atheist.
No, he just didn't believe in divine intervention.
I've been here since November 2003 and I'm a devout Roman Catholic.Maybe you're from Reddit?
Yeah? Did you ask him?
Does your priest enjoy watching anime?
hume was an atheistreasonable doubt that he wasnthurrrrr prove my baseless claim wrong
I just asked him via the Weegus board, he's an atheist still he says.
No, but I do.
What anime would you recommend him if he asked you for one?
reasonable doubt that he wasntNah.
Boku no Pico

Almost all people in europe at that time were christians. Are you telling me I should take some silly shitposters word over stats?
How about using Hume's actual writings as a guide to his views instead of appealing to popularity?
he doesn't like the sequel
statistical evidence is a meme pyramid fallacy
Huh. Somehow this anon is convinced Hume was Christian because "almost" everyone was Christian. Not philosophers though, just people. Ya know, the population and stuff. Just pretty much everyone was a Christian so Hume was. Ya know, Stats. It just goes to show you stuff.
As much as I think Hume could be an actual atheist, many intellectuals who raised doubts of "atheism" weren't atheist in a modern sense, Hobbes being a good example.
Why haven't you accepted the superiority of Christian Atheism?
nah hobbes was actually atheist as fucksame with spinoza
reading comprehension I'm saying we should presume he was a christian before an atheist.
What does anime have to do with posting on 4chinz? I've been on this site since 2008 and I've never been interested in anime or any other Japanese stuff.
Atheism is the lack of belief. You can be an agnostic atheist and you can be an agnostic deist.According to his writings, Hume is, without a doubt, agnostic and atheist.
we should presume he was a christianYou've never read anything Hume wrote, and it's obvious.
Almost everyone who was on 4chan in 2003 would have been a weeb. The first board was Anime/Random. Know your history, dawg
Nazi's and communist Russia happened because of dogmawhat a dumb shitter, how do people take this guy seriously?
That was 12 years ago, friend. 4chan has grown and now people who have no interest in anime come here for its rich and in-depth discussion across a wide variety of topics.I came here for /sp/ and stayed for /lit/.
Spinoza was hilariously atheist. He went out of his way to prove he wasn't atheist and only made himself appear more atheist.
I personally wouldn't have been able to type that with a straight face
Even the PRC has admitted the excesses of the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution were caused by blindly following dogma.
PRC is "communist Russia"Also, citation needed.
Spinoza, sure. Hobbes wasn't by any stretch of imagination an atheist in a modern sense of this word. He professed a belief in Nicene Creed which is basically an equivalent of believing in God with Christian atributes. Even his friends in private correspondence thought it was nonsensical to accuse him of atheism. Confusion about his beliefs stems from his re-interpetation of biblical mythos and Leviathan that questioned aspects of political influence of Christian faith, not directly dogmatic ones.
For Spinoza God is the only existing substance, how is that atheist?
Tractatus Theologo-Politicus is indeed a very good book.Are YOU the clergyman the divinities student? who is doing that shit? And now you want to brush up your apologetics?
Nicene Creed isn't "basically an equivalent", it is actually affirming Christ died for your sins and is God.
Oh boy did you google Spinoza. I don't think I have time to give a crash course im really tired
primarily know for his atheismI don't know if there's any worthwhile philosophers who spend their time hammering on this theme. There are plenty of good atheist philosophers, but they do not spend their time talking about the lack of god, as it is a pretty empty point to continuously mull over.I suppose you could say Daniel Dennet. Not my cup of tea, but respectable and not fedora-tier. The problem with most hard-line continuously vocal Atheists is the tendency to be scientismists, and it is *that* tendency which is truly fedora-tier.
I'm looking into building my library from BookDepository.Both Oxford World's Classics and Penguin Classics look good to me.Oxford World's Classics: Classics: one should I choose? I'm thinking about buying 50% of each.
I generally prefer Oxford, but it depends on the book in question.
OXFORDXFORD
Oxford seems to hold up better over time. The spines crack easily though.
afaik, penguin doesn't have any footnotes. it's cheap shit that looks good but if you want to understand something that isn't really straightforward, you should probably look somewhere else unless you have supplemental material already and the work isn't a translation.
If you're that guy from the Ulysses thread and you're talking about Ulysses, Oxford.
How old were you when you realized that modern leftism/atheism and its ideology is the result of uneducated people independently creating a sanitized version of the results of mid 19th to early 20th century thought?
wut dat
a hole. it was made for him.
Well I'm 24 today.
Hey /lit/ I want to start writing again and I can't seem to find a decent free or pirated author program
emacsbut don't let the choice of a program keep you from writing. open anything and just write anon, worry about the perfect program to do it after you are actually writing consistently.
This.But you don't need to pirate any program unless you want the latest Word.I use Focus Writer and back stuff up on Google Drive.
I already wrote regulary the last few weeks but I used to write on notice blocks and I would prefer to use the computer to writeThanks for the tip guys
umm... word? like... msWord?why would you use anything else? unless u really wanna be pretentious in which case don't use a different program just buy a typewriter
I don't want to be pretentious.The problem is that I don't own word so I looked for an alternative
Libre office
Google Docs is the absolute best thing you could use. Prove me wrong.
then basically google owns anything you write.
I'm using Microsoft Works 9.0, I shit you not. It just happened to be what was on this shitty laptop.
tfw came here to post this
Libre Office, Open Office, or Focus Writerevery fucking threadvim haha!emacs w/ org :3Text editors are not word processors.
Emacs, Open Office and Libre Office are all open-sourced, so use those if that is something you care about.
Pen and paperGet a Pilot MetropolitanNoodler's blackInk ConverterRhodia notepad.Write, revise, rewrite, and so on.
I pretend to use LaTeX while doing this Pen and paperthen copying it into word.
then copying it into word.Only if you plan to publish.
Transcribing your work from medium to medium helps you spot what needs to be edited. You can get comfortable with mediocre work if you get used to seeing it one way.Type it upChange the font occasionally
yes they are???
I do.
Abiword or notepad++I like notepad++ Because it has tabbed browsing and you can switch between multiple text files quickly. That and it had a shit load of extending and customisation options.
Extensions not extending
text editors are things used for editing text, which is what OP wants. publishing is a separate process, and it's easy as fuck to just store your book proper in text files and then include them into a simple LaTeX template
Can someone be a great writer without having anything to say? People talk about art being a way of expressing yourself, but what if someone has nothing to express?
Let me ask you a question. If you have nothing to say or express, what in the world would you write about?
ambiguously reinterpret predecessors
read the book of disquiet op
To what end?
you're not gonna write anything
If you have nothing to express you have nothing to invoke - thus, write something useful like an instruction manual on how to be an asshole.
Vladimir Nabokov = famous writer, writes about basically nothing. Then again he was an amazingly skilled writer who spoke like 8 languages and could see words in colours. If you wanna make your novel about going to the shop and having an inner debate about whether to buy normal or skimmed milk, you better be good at writing. Although you're on 4chan therefore probably an autist, do something sciencey ya wannabe
Can someone be a great writer without having anything to say? Have you ever read Anne Radcliffe? Brilliant writer whose work is distanced enough from reality to provide commentary on absolutely nothing, yet whose work is entrancing as all hell.
write about solipsistic mind
bamboozle the reader
Who painted this?
Pierre August Cot. I really like it too
no, they can't.
do you niggers not know how to "google image search"?!!! it is so easy
It's very niceI don't think so.
Non-fiction. Duh. I just read an excellent work about the fall of Constantinople in 1453. The story is as remarkable and interesting as it is true, and it was voiced by fascinating people that were actually there and lived it. The author involved as little of himself as possible and worked only to tell the truth of what happened to the best of his ability.
Get out of the metaphysical closure, anon. Plato and the Greeks were the first to bastardize language into communication, movement of information. Read Heidegger and learn that language is constitutive of our being, that "language is the house of Being."
You can write something with good imagery etc. that is enjoyable and well-written without having any deeper meaning, but people will interpret it as either having some meaning or trying to have some meaning and failing.
What book should I use to learn classical Greek?
Some suggestions pls
Start with the Greeks
How's this one grab ya?It focuses on the Athenian golden age, but everything before it gets a little spotty really.Starting chronologically I'd say go with Hesiod. Read Homer?
I was referring to learning the Classical Greek language. That book looks pretty cool too tho, thanks
Ah well. Someone gave me this. 
Is there a western philosophy "canon"I'd like to have a greater understanding of western philosophy, and yes I want to start with the Greeks.
Of course there is.Everything up until Hegel. Finishing him, there are several options forwhat kind of intellectually bankrupt sucker you want to be.
everythingCare to list them for me?
Care to list them for me?I'd rather not. Plato, Aristotle, Kant and Hegel are the most important ones, though.
you go. thats the /lit/ guide.
ThanksGasp in horror at the amount of philosophical thoughtAlready there
Kant a fruitcake tbh.
SPINOZA
Fuck off.Important guy, but there's nothing he said that Hegel or Kant failed to address.
Skipping Descartes
In your case since don't know what's canon start with a history of western philosophy book.
Modulation of the affects through reflecting on one's experience? Also the notion that everything flows from one substance? The Germans all built off Spinoza which is precisely why a thorough understanding of his works are nescessary in understanding his successors. I mean, I see your point, but a knowledge of philosophy isn't necessarily confined to what is the most polished version of a thought.

Can I read this without reading the first book, /lit/?
I feel like you should read at least one of the eleven previous
you're so funny.
come to /lit/notice DFW is discussed oftenseems like a pretty cool guylook him updead
literally drowning in pussy his entire adult life still winds up an hero'ingI guess bitches really ain't shit
Good to know /lit/ is reduced to fucking greentext threads.
I've got a deep craving for fantasy noir featuring had boiled private eyes and lovecraftian gods/angels/fae. I've read through this and the dresden files, what else is there?
New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
i'm surprised to see john marco on the fantasy charthe's the first fantasy author i really likedwhat's the castle in the clouds supposed to mean?
Cosmerefag reporting in, happy for an excuse to sperg about the Cosmere.
I'm new to this board so sorry for probably beating a dead horse .Are Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy a good read? Or are they just entry level garbage for dumb-dumb's?Also recommend some essential entry level books that aren't garbage. I got really into reading about a year ago and i don't really know where to go next.
About to pick up Dune. I tried reading it a while ago, but didn't make it past page 100. I'm going to give it another chance.As far as what I've read so far:American Gods - Neil GaimanIt was all right. It really picked up toward the end. I found the main character kind of flat. I know that's how he is supposed to be, but still. I will probably read Gaiman again in the future.Lucifer's Hammer - NivenProbably the best post-apocalyptic novel as far as realism goes in terms of the science and what would might actually happen if a comet hit us. Not as convoluted and literary as The Road, which I liked. It is a bit dated since it was written in the 70s.The Wise Man's Fear, Patrick RothfussOkay. Not as tightly plotted as the first book.The Dragon Reborn - Robert JordanI like Jordan, especially for his world-building. I don't think the third novel is as good as the first two. From what I've read, it goes downhill until Sanderson picks up the story. It's still good, just a lot more words with less happening.Several Star Wars books authored by Drew Karphyshyn.Fun reads if you like the Star Wars universe.
Definitely not entry level garbage.Not everyone likes Tolkien, but his world building is second to none. I'm glad to have read these before the movies came out. It's the quintessential quest plot line, and most if not all modern fantasy is influenced by it in some way. It's a must read, even for non-fantasy readers.
Oh, forgot to add another.The Book of Strange New ThingsI enjoyed this one. A literary first contact story. Some things are left unexplained, but it's still a good read.
what's the castle in the clouds supposed to mean?You'd have to read Wolfe's "Wizard Knight" to find out.
Lord of the Rings is kind of important to the genre because it sets the tone for everything.It's got a detailed world, mythological characters, and defines a lot of fantasy concepts that influenced pretty much everyone.That's the surface level stuff, but it's a good read from a literary perspective because of how it's been interpreted. Tolkien's fantasy wasn't just straight up fantasy, it was deeply-laced with commentary on his values, beliefs and how he saw the world and spirituality. There's plenty of allegory and symbolism in it, to the point where people who treat LOTR as just the baseline for fantasy See: Peter Jackson are missing much of the point.On the other hand it's very long, very wordy, and often very slow. Compared to the Hobbit which is a much more accessible book with more relatable characters, LOTR I think has a lot of trouble breaking free of the mythological aura to show the cast as real individuals.But then that's also important to understanding the genre too, because that part of LOTR has become detrimental to a lot of books who tried to ape it.I don't know if I'd say start with it, but I think it's good to read it at some point because it's key in understanding how the genre is the way it is.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Way of Kings, Brandon Sanderson Recent purchases?Assassins Apprentice, Robin HobbUpcoming releases you're excited for?ASOIAF continuing pleb I know
Read The Hobbit. Then read other stuff until you get the urge to return to that world. Then read Lord of the Rings.But yes, it's definitely worth reading.
This is pleb-y as fuck, but what's some good sci-fi or fantasy with a cast of characters who interact, and at LEAST one or two waifu-able female characters who are cool and interesting and are present in the book or series a lot?
actually that was why i was asking, because wolfe has used it before in both the wizard knight and castleview, and i'm not all that sure what the imagery originally meant
And New Sun. I'm a Wolfe scholar and I don't even know. Please other anon, do tell.
The Book of the Long SunI would follow General Mint in battle.
Firefly.
Yeah you're right, dunno how that slipped my mindThere might be some significance in Severian thinking he sees a castle in the sky, even though it actually isn't one. Haven't really thought of that before.
Same anon, I figure its a symbol of hope, Heaven or paradise.
I agree.
watch Firefly for the first time as it's airingcrush on Kayleewatch Serenity when it comes onRiver is amazinggo back to watch FireflyKaylee is annoying and my list goes River  Zoe  Inara  KayleeWonder what happened.
OP here. Thinking of creating a detailed OP with some resources in it. What should I include?
Reposting from the last threadNew to Fantasy/Sci-Fi and really reading in general. Here's my current Summer Reading listBlack Company Book of the SouthFirst LawDuneLOTRA Lovecraft collection I picked up a while agoA Howard/Conan collection if I can find one in townKingkiller ChroniclesAnything else you'd suggest? I'd like to add some more Sci-Fi to the list.
G O R M E N G H A S T
Sci-fi? Try some Dick & Asimov. Also Neuromancer
after i finish the current book i'm reading i'll start reading the gormenghast booksjust as long as that fig from goodreads doesn't show up, i'd be glad if the threads had a few staple works to discuss to death
Read Revelation Space for your sci-fi fix.Remove Kingkiller Chronicles.
What are those books about? How are they written?
generalsplease /v/
you don't have to open the thread, faggot
They're good.Because it doesn't have the quality to justify the length.Gets better with each book.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Road and Perdido Stree StationWhat SF/F books have you read this year? When Gravity Fails, Book of the Short Sun, The Name of the WindWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Wolfe, Vinge, Herbert, GRRMRecent purchases?PeaceUpcoming releases you're excited for?Winds of WinterWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Anything that attempts to be literary, even if it fails.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Severian.
What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Easily Barjavel's Enchanteur. Not the most canonical, but definitely the most enjoyable.tfw named after an Arthurian charactertfw taking gf on vacation to Brocéliande
What SF/F books are you currently readingabout halfway through Rimrunners, 3 books into Chanur, re-reading Blindsight and the Risen Empire duologyWhat SF/F books have you read this year?finally got around to reading Culture stuff, Player of Games was pretty good when it came together, but Excession was my all-round favouriteWho are your favorite SF/F authors?out of my limited palette, probably WattsWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?the hard end of sci-fiperhaps I'm just bad at finding books, but I need more hard sci-fiso far I've gone through:wattscherryhmorganstephenson
Is there a translation of that?
 it sets the tone for everythingI like how you worded "it is the last original thing to come out in the genre". Tactful, Anon
In this order:Lord Dunsany, William Morrison, Robert E. Howard, Lovecraft, Jorge Luis Borges, Tolkien, Philip K. Dick, Ursula K. le Guin, Isaac Asimov, Frank Herbert, Terry Pratchett, Douglas Adams, full stop. That should get you started and, hopefully, finished. Because everything out there rips these guys off.
No.hyped trash.The King of Elflands DaughterThe Worm OurborosThe MabinogionConan the BarbarianJirel of JoiryFafhrd and the Gray MouserThe Broken Sword + Three Hearts for Three LionsAll betterAll written before or at the same time
because it sets the tone for everything.So much of fantasy draws far far more from Howard and Leiber
Severian is an Apollo/Christ/South American god avatarNot ArthurianWolfe has written two Arthurian inspired storiesCastleviewThe Wizard Knight
PKD is trash
Marc? Btw Marc Aramini is going to publish a two volume book on Wolfe. I'll try to buy it.
I've just started the Book of the New Sun. I honestly didn't think it was going to do anyhting for me but holy shit. I actually cried of joy at some descriptions and phrases. It's just so beautiful and uncanny and Borgesian at moments. I can hardly read it without wanting to put it down and think about it at length.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Book of the New Sun and a Pratchett book every two days, bless them pdfs.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?I've read none, care to suggest something?
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Healers War by Elizabeth Ann Scarsborough, 1989 Nebula award winnerWhat SF/F books have you read this year?The City & The CityMission of GravityMythago WoodThe Wild ShoreCities in FlightHer Smoke Rose Up ForeverWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Leiber, Brackett, Ellison, Le Guin, Zelazny, Tiptree, Wolfe, RobinsonUpcoming releases you're excited for?Aurora by Kim Stanley RobinsonWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?The Mists of Avalon by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Book of the New Sun isn't Arthurian at all. The Wizard Knight on the other hand is really neat and too subtitle for its own good. Also why are sf threads the only good ones on lit? All these wanabee patricians and I'm only discussing literature here.
but holy shitwe've got another one
Is the Wizard Knight worth it? It's because people here actually enjoy what they read and the act of reading probably.
the cutest science fiction author ever?
yeah

pick up random nautical-themed fantasy noveldon't even look at the author, it's in a secondhand store and the blurb is interesting enoughread itsort of enjoy itthere's two sequelsread themget so fucking mad at the fucking ending and the fucking asshole authorlook at the authorit's Kevin J. AndersonServes me right. In summation the Terra Incognita Trilogy is shite and probably the worst fantasy novel series I've ever read, not simply because it's bad but because it took my interest and choked it to death and pissed on its' corpse.
And yeah, it's a really solid book. It's grown on me in retrospect a lot.
only looks at the author's name on the books after finishing three of themI don't believe you.
No really, it was like a four-month long brainfart. My brain just didn't connect this Kevin J Anderson with "that" Kevin J Anderson. Then it hit me like a ton of bricks.
Possible.Most of his SF was
a friend of mine recommended me Lyonesse, i have a shit ton of things to read already, is it worth it?
Replace Kingkiller Chronicles with something good like Gormenghast or Book of the new sun or the Swords series by Fritz Leiber
I've only read the first one but it's pretty good. I like Vance's unique style.
I'm trying to write a science fiction novel but I'm already stuck on what to do for the first sentence. I'm also stuck on if I should use first person or third person omniscient narrative.
If you've never written before avoid first person like the plague. You don't have a sense of balance yet so it'll either be full of I's or go off on way too many tangents. Third person is easier, just make sure the perspective is anchored on whatever character you're focusing on, so that way you don't float off into space and end up getting too infodump-heavy.As to the first sentence, just don't worry about it and come back later. Your first draft is rough for a reason, you'll learn more about writing as you go and you can always come back and apply that knowledge to stuff you wrote earlier. tl;dr don't worry about getting any one sentence or paragraph just right, your goal right now should just be to write out the entire book and fiddle with it once you're done.
Sorry I explained my situation wrong. I dont know if I want to useAs the impact sirens blared, Olivia removed the duffel bag from underneath her bed. or Olivia removed the duffel bag from underneath her bed as the impact sirens blared.for the first sentence.
Second one's better, sounds more definite. As is kind of a wishy-washy word and sometimes people overuse it.
Thanks. I'm probably going to show up more about the wording of my sentences and shit.
Good luck with your second sentence.
It's cool, there's no such thing as a stupid question.
What about this one?
Deep.
Where did you read that Wheel of Time gets worse after TDR? Just curious because I have never seen that opinion before.
I'm working on a space opera thing. I have this idea for a mad scientist type figure. Think futuristic Frankenstein. What do you think of the idea of having him just out floating alone in some solar-powered ship manned entirely by computers where all he does is set the course then go do his mad science?The basic idea is that he's working on a specific thing that's in violation of interplanetary law and also the mores of his day, and doesn't want to be bothered while he works.
Scratch that, I'm retarded
He'll need characters to play off against.
The Lady of the Lake gives Severian his sword.
Philip K Dick is shit, Frank Herbert has only one book actually worth reading, Terry Pratchett is shit, and so is Douglas Adams.
what one book is that?
Unless I'm forgetting something, no she doesn't. There isn't even a Lady of the Lake in the text. What happens with Terminus Est is a reversal of the Arthurian Lady in the Lake scenario.
Dune. Though God Emperor of Dune has its moments that make it somewhat worthwhile.
The Lady of the Lake gives Severian his sword.The Lady is an impotent old man who tortures people for a living.
Any love for John Wyndham here?
of course, gotta love the day of the triffids, that book probably got me started on reading
There are lots of blogs and recommendations on books or series for fans of "Game of Thrones", but what I'm really after is books that are similar in depth of character / character development. I don't really care if it's scifi or not, but I've checked out all of the common recommendations and none of them really fit the bill. I'm not looking for "epic fantasy" or "gritty setting" or "historical basis" or any of that stuff, I'm just looking for stories with deep, well-written characters interacting with each other. In that context, does anyone have some perhaps off-the-beaten path plugs I could check out?
It always annoys me how people refer to 28 Days Later and The Walking Dead ripping the beginning off each other when they more than likely both got the idea from Day of the Triffids.
i never really realized that, but they really do steal it straight from the day of the triffids, with the hospital after an injury and everything
In most legends Arther gets the sword from the stone, before losing it in the lake and the Lady returns it to him.
No IIRC he tries to fight the black knight but the black knight breaks his sword and merlin saves his life and he brings him to the lady of the lake to get a new one. Also the scabbard for the new sword saves his blood or something.
A swallow carrying a coconut?
He gets them eventually. Early on he's all alone, and that itself provides some of the conflict, but his situation changes quite a few times.
He didn't get it from the stone and it wasn't returned.
I need a word to replace 'put on' At the top floor, she put on the hazmat respirator...I just don't like the way it sounds and I've also tried slipped on, adorned, donned, and harnessed but none appease me. inb4 just go back to it later It bothers my ocd/perfectionism to much to continue
don, she donned the hazmat respirator
At the top floor, she donned the hazmat respirator from her duffel bag and exited the cargo lift.I guess it will have to do but something still bothers me in the sentence.
I don't like "At the top floor", although I am reading this sentence alone and it might fit better in a paragraph. Just a thought.
She donned the hazmat respirator from her duffel bag and exited the cargo lift as it reached the top floor.Would this work or should I replace 'as' with 'when'?
That reads much better. It really is going to take you eons to finish this book if you keep up this level of scrutiny on the first draft.
first draftI'm one those of those guys that edits his essays while writing them to avoid multiple drafts. I'll probably write it by hand first, type it up to check for any spelling or grammatical errors, make certain scenes more descriptive if needed, then be done with it.
The longer the piece, the less viable that is. For a book, it's just not doable. Unless you're doing something frenetic like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, it just won't happen. And even then, Thompson had been writing for a very long time, and as hard as it may be for some to believe, took writing very seriously and worked his ass off at it.
Well even without Day of the Triffids its an effective way to start that type of story off.
/lit/ has a general nowIt's over, next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophy, heck, while you're at it why not make a religion general since we hate talking about that so much too.If you feel bad about your tastes being bullied by anonymous virgins on a siamese stamp trading forum then I suggest you go elsewhere, because this place is not for you.The worst part is that this won't solve the issue at hand, people will still pollute the board with pointless threads and all that will come of it is to create a hugbox within which you can discuss the same topics over and over again with the same likeminded autists day in day out.
It's over, next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophy, heck, while you're at it why not make a religion general since we hate talking about that so much too.They have been a thing for a while now newfag.
What is it with you people and this irrational dislike of generals.There is nothing wrong with them.
Yet they never stick, because /lit/ isn't that kind of board. If you want to circlejerk and samefag your same 4 crappy recommendations ad infinum then take it /out/sideThere's nothing irrational about it, any interesting points have already been discussed in previous threads, recreating the same thread with a different picture won't change that.Not to mention the entire notion attracts denizen's of a certain straight edge website that I won't dare mention in fear of tussling some sanders.
Just hide the thread, nerd
open fantasy novelit has a mapINTO THE TRASH
next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophynextYou're a retard. I bet you bitch about summer and /pol/ being here "for the last 6 months".
I'm I the only one who can't read the chart because it's fucking 200x471?
The show has more, and less fun, rape than the books.
I like maps though. They're neat.
currently readingHyperion. Literally just stated.what books have you read this year?I am Legend, The Forever War. And a few other books that aren't sci-fi.I liked I am Legend, though I wish it had been longer. And that ending, I don't know how I feel about it. It was cool to have it end with the book title, but ... yeah.I didn't like the constant focus on homosexuality in The Forever War or the way everything gets resolved in the end just because. Like, he doesn't even give an explanation, he just says it's beyond our ability to understand. Everything else was good though.
i love how he became the vampire of the vampires
Upon reaching the top floor...
Hey guys, I don't really browse /lit/ much, but I'm looking for some fantasy books to read - preferably with a focus on magic.While your opinions of Eragon may be less than positive, I enjoyed the time Paolini spent on developing the magic system used in the books, as well as creating the vastly different cultures of the various races in the books.Any recommendations?
I like Moorcock, but he is a massively bitter cunt whose opinion should be taken with a mountain of salt, especially since 80% of his output is trash written for the money.With regard to The Forever War, I feel like a lot of sci-fi does that when it goes into "big idea" mode.
mfw read a fantasy series where the author was also a cartographermade his own mapsThat was really fucking cool and a nice surprise.Don't read past Hyperion.
What's a good order to read them in? Just go by publication order?
I'm about 50 pages from finishing pic related. Should I move onto Deadhouse Gates, or Night of the Knives? Should I just read all of Erikson's books before Esslemont's? Is there a solid reading order?
I just started reading BlindsightStarting your book with a Ted Bundy quoteHmm...
Fuck literature.
I'll never understand why people are against generals. You get one thread to ignore/hide on a topic you don't care for instead of 20, or conversely you only have to pay attention to one thread instead of 20 on a topic you do care for, what's the negative?
In theory I would agree with you but go to /tv/ or /mu/ and read the general threads there, it's like a super concentrated cancer. People probably worry that general threads are the beginnings of /lit/s transformation into /mu/ or /tv/
I haven't read any of his work but Brandon Sanderson is super autistic about his magic from what I've heard.
What's the name of a two-pronged spear? pic related
A three pronged spear is called a trident, so I'd guess a bident would be accurate.
Turns out my guess was right:"A bident is a two-pronged implement resembling a pitchfork. In classical mythology, the bident is associated with Pluto, the ruler of the underworld, while the three-pronged trident is the implement of Poseidon Neptune, ruler of the sea and of earthquakes.EtymologyThe word 'bident' was brought into the English language before 1914,[1] and is derived from the Latin bidentis, meaning "having two prongs".[2]"
bidentWhat an ugly sounding word. But that's not the droid I'm looking for. It's on the tip of my tongue.
Theyre very Shakespearean, with heavy doses of Poe. Not very fantasy aside from the impossibly huge castle setting, the ability to control animals, and something else thats a spoiler. The author was a painter by trade. So prepare for a guy that 'paints' scenes and characters with prose. Very descriptive & beautiful. Also has gothic influences like Dracula/Phantom of the opera. I think a gene wolfe fan would enjoy the nuances of the plot. A GRRM fan would enjoy the intrigue between characters. Also I swear Rowling ripped off Peake.1st two books are essential, third book is very skippable due to Peakes mind detoriating early in the writing process and eventually dying. For an ending read the separate short story Boy in Darkness.Its a tragedy, with themes of Anarchy vs. Tradition.
The lance of Longinus?
Dresden Files? First couple of books are pretty crappygets better, but the underlying magic systems are interesting and reasonably consistent.
But he started it with Gourevitch and Hemingway quotes?I like his chapter quote selection.that Æon Flux quote out of nowhere
Guys, can I get some feedback on this piece of Sci-Fi?I've only written the first chapter.
Theyre very Shakespearean, with heavy doses of Poe. Not very fantasy aside from the impossibly huge castle setting, the ability to control animals, and something else thats a spoiler. The author was a painter by trade. So prepare for a guy that 'paints' scenes and characters with prose. Very descriptive & beautiful. Also has gothic influences like Dracula/Phantom of the opera.I read this much of your post without seeing the context of the thread and somehow guessed you were talking about Peake without having read his work or even knowing anything about him.
I really quite enjoyed it. Not much of a critique but I'd definitely want to keep reading.If this were a short story at the end Gira would find out he'd been in the rift the whole time.
Oh I forgot to actually explain the plot part of "what its about" lolFollowing a daily system of meaningless, complicated rituals is the "religion" of the people of Gormenghast. Soon Steerpike does a Rash Thing that causes a big paradigm shift in usual way of life in the Castle and the forces of change come to Gormenghast for the first time in centuries and sets the boy on a path of lost innocence. The protagonists:young & troubled Steerpike the cooking servant, who uses opportunity, his acrobatic eavesdropping skills, and his wit to rise quickly through the ranks.Titus, heir to the throne, who like Steerpike is adventurous & rebellious even in the first book when he's still an infant although in a less selfish/malevolent way. Doesn't really care for his inheritance as much as the concept of freedom from rules and boredom. The books strengths are definitely characterization and atmosphere. Muh prose fags will adore this shit. Some extremely memorable scenes too.I rank it to be on equal ground with Lord of the Rings and Book of the New Sun.
Sadly I have more artistic integrity than to leave it there and make a tweest ending.Thanks for the positive thoughts anyway, as long as I can write something someone wants to read...I'm happy.
Steerpike REALLY reminded me of Lucifer from Paradise Lost. Favorite character hands down was Mr. Flay and his cracking knees.
It puts me in mind of Neuromancer and the like.
If I got published and someone referred to me as "This generation's William Gibson", I'd be beyond happy with that.
Good luck with it. Hopefully someone who actually studies writing can give you a better critique than I can.
Is it bad that I imagine Ardee looking like Remy Lacroix?
How do you guys feel about purposefully incorrect science in your science fiction? The story I'm working on is full of nonsensical technobabble that in no way tries to sound like plausible future science in the way something like Star Trek would do.For example, in one part the MC is having a space duel with the villain, the space pirate Rocketlegs, who has solid gold rocket boosters for legs. For most of the duel, the MC is just circling around Rocketlegs and keeping a distance. In the end we discover that the MC has been placing tiny machines in the space around them, and when he's finished they form a force field around them, and fill the enclosed space with oxygen. Then the MC turns on a powerful magnet in his rocketcycle, which, now that there's oxygen to carry the magnetic waves, pull Rocketlegs' rocket legs away from his body, leaving his adrift and easy to capture.
It doesn't matter as long as the comedy is good.
It wouldn't bother me that much, but surely you can just make up some bullshit that sounds plausible rather than something that we know isn't right.
For example, in one part the MC is having a space duel with the villain, the space pirate Rocketlegs, who has solid gold rocket boosters for legsWould read.
oxygen to carry the magnetic waves
It's not that it gets bad, it just feels too... spread out? There's too much going on at once, so many substories that it's hard to really get into them. Sanderson came and sort of focused everything.
he could not abide the idea of.This is a neat effort, but don't end sentences with prepositions.I love it, are you specifically making fun of Hugo Gernsback's "educational" stories?
Thanks. But there's really no legitimate reason you can't end a sentence with a preposition. As long as it's something you don't make a habit of.
Has anyone here read Hyperion? I'm trying to get my sister into sci-fi she's a fantasy fan; GRRM is one of her favorite authors.I think she might like Hyperion or BotNS, but I'm curious if the characters are any good. Are they? She likes good characters.
Just reread Trickster's Choice last night, still immensely enjoyed it.I wish I knew of more books that dealt with spying/espionage in a fantasy setting.
Hyperion is a good choice for her, very character-focused. The characters are varied and there is some good chemistry/interactions between them.I'm not entirely sure it would be a good introduction to sci-fi, though. It's been a while since i've read it, but from what I remember I imagine it might be quite difficulty to get through for someone without interest in sci-fi, although as she likes fantasy it might not be a problem.I would suggest 'Dancers at the end of time' or 'Ringworld'.
Better in BotNS than in Hyperion, but not terribly strong in either
The Hyperion Cantos was shit. Maybe if she only read the first book.
Book of the New Sun isn't something you give someone to get them into sci-fi.
What's with the "General"? If you want to discuss something start a thread about the topic.
It's more practical for the people in here and the people out of here for a general to exist. Keep fantasy in one thread so the fans of it can find each other, not let it spill out into the board as five different threads that bother the delicate eyes of the /lit/ population.
You mean like this thread to discuss the topic of science fiction and fantasy?
are you retarded?
Generals are a slippery slope. They've destroyed every board they've touched and lit will be next I guess.Thanks, fantasy boys
Is it summer already?
If you're going to hang around the pretentious hipster board, the least you could do is make your own ignorant opinions anon.
This book any good, or just another self-insertion masturbation fest?
then just close the thread, you fucking faggot
Good book. Fun read. Interesting lore and world building.Hard to avoid a bit of the Mary Sue trope when doing heroic fantasy, but it is still a good read.
First book is good, second is average at best in my opinion.The prose itself is good but the second book has a large amount of subplots that either don't read well or end up being pointless. I liked it well enough at first but on a reread I really just started to hate it.
But Hyperion and Fall of Hyperion are essentially two halves of one book, Simmons said so himself, and it was split by the publisher.Should change it to "Dont read Endymion"
So I have a few pages written for my sci-fi novel and I just realized that:it switches between past and present tenseit's not very descriptive there's no dialogue at allnot even the mc's thoughtsWhat should I do?
pagesnot very descriptiveno dialogueHow awful. Have you considered writing a play instead?
I could write another play, but to write one under the science fiction genre would feel weird.
stop writing novels, start writing short storiesthey're easier to learn from and execute and you're evidently in need of some serious practice
Finish it, fix your problems on the next draft. Repeat process until you have no problems.
^
Any chance you want to compare work? I recently finished my first solid draft of a 6.5k word short story with similar structureAll plot/event/ and little description and dialogue.
6.5k wordsI don't even have 500 words written.
You said a few pages, so I assumedobviously incorrectly that it was similarly formatted.I have mine size 11, 1.5 line spaced in word...500 words is a page for me.But if you want to pastebin yours or something I'll be happy to read it.
Just got back into fanatasy after a long stint reading the Greeks. I've been reading The Black Company and so far its great, im only on the third book but it hasn't disappointed
Fix it. Fix the tense. Pick past or present and stick with it. Past is better.
So I should stick with third person limited with past tense?
I have a few questions for anyone willing to help me out.What's some actually fun sci-fi pulp I should read?Is there anything you can recommend that gives a vibe like Pitch Black, especially the ship at the beginning with all the levers and shit required to fly it?I've mostly read cyberpunk, though I have read a bit of Asimov and such. Are there any books that can scratch a similar "people on a spaceship" itch to Star Trek and Babylon 5? Are there any shows you can recommend to me that I'll like if I enjoy Star Trek and B5, for that matter?Does science fiction often do the whole "15 books to tell one long-ass story" thing like fantasy does? Not counting stuff like Stainless Steel Rat, where each book is a separate adventure, even if they do follow a chronological order.Basically, help me into sci-fi if I cannot into really dry shit and really care about interesting characters.
I'd highly recommend Altered States, as that has incredibly interesting characters and ideas. However, it may not be what you want from a sci-fi book.Other more straightforward answers I would give are Gibson, maybe something like Ender's Game.But if you've read cyberpunk, you've at least read Neuromancer, right?
Ender's GameForgot to say. I've read Ender's Game and the entire Ender's Shadow series. Card himself is kind of a tool, though.I've read the whole Sprawl Trilogy, and Snow Crash.
That's the best one to start with. Present tense is less weighty and more frantic, and first person requires a lot of experience and balance to get right.
Try C.J. Cherryh. I'd start with the post-Downbelow Station stuff, though.
Been reading about her on Wikipedia. Sounds really interesting. Any specific titles you can recommend? Would it be alright to just start with the beginning of the Foreigner Universe series?
the Empire is evil
Are you saying you dislike the "evil empire" thing in general, or expressing the opinion that the Empire in Star Wars is not evil?
Empires are evil because they're expansionist. If they're not expansion is, they're kingdoms.Everyone likes kingdoms.
How do I get into Lovecraft?
houllebecq's biography, shadow over innsmouth, or mountains of madness
Read everything Lovecraft wrote.Ignore the fanfiction.
I finished Snow Crash and The Sprawl Trilogy awhile ago those last two books were OKAY at best... How would I like The Diamond Age?
Mountains of Madness, Shadow Out Of TimeReally, just pick some random HPL story and get reading, it's not like his entire collected works aren't onlineHow did you like Snow Crash?I asked Neal Stephenson a question when he did that io9 Q&A a week or two ago, but he never responded.
I think the beginning and climax were pretty strong. The world building was great, but the characters aside from the female lead lacked depth and personality.
Everyone likes kingdoms
In fiction, not reality.
Personally, I feel the same way in fiction.I would read the fuck out of some republican fantasy, me. Small-r republican, if that needed to be clear; not making a statement about American politics here.
The Powder Mage books are just the French revolution in a Fantasy world.
People love kingdoms, because they love royalty for the same reasons: Power, status, role, things that are inherited. A protagonist born into a royal family has a role to play, burdens to bear, and power to wield, yet they also have a wonderful bonus: A lack of responsibility.If you're a prince who fucks up, you don't have to shoulder the guilt or shame of failure internally, you can just blame it on the nature of your birth. You weren't cut out to be king, you weren't cut out to be the descendant of a great wizard, or whatever. It's the kind of story that appeals to readers because they relate to blame-shifting. We all do it.Hell, it's the same logic that there's so many romance stories about unlikely couples forced together by circumstance or arranged marriages that turn out well. You end up with a lovely partner but didn't have to find them yourself, and you're forced into the relationship so if the relationship goes sour, it's not your fault. People who fight to obtain power Emperors, Warlords, people who are aggressive in courtship sluts and harlots, people who build themselves up from nothing and become politicians corrupt fatcats and greedy businessmen, arrogant geniuses, These are the ones we hate. We hate them because they succeeded in bearing the burden of free will and self-determination, while we sink into the fantasies of having power and love and wealth handed to us just for existing.Aren't humans great?
I don't think that I've ever read a more masturbatory novel. Mc is a character whose sole purpose is being better than everyone in everything. He sings the unsung song, fucks a sex goddess, is taught by the legendary teacher who doesn't teach anyone else... So yeah. It's on the level of an average doctors who fan fiction.
that was a great post
Why not? It's the best sf out there. You don't give it to plebs and le quirky different tumbler chicks.
precisely because its the bestwhy have them plateau with the first thing they read?also, to get the fullest experience from it requires knowledge only found through reading the lesser works to deathhow else would all of wolfe's inverted tropes be appreciated?there's also far too many references to mythology, history, and religion to gleaned by a pleb's first reading of it, but i guess the slow discovery of those things would enhance someone's opinion of the work if they managed to pick up on them.
Just stick through the first one, things get much better in DHG.
Are there any bad books in the SF Masterworks?
The very definition of the latter.Was still shit. I don't like lazy authors.
Rimrunners and Merchanter's Luck were where I started, Rimrunners in particular I liked, but they'd both satisfy your requirement for interesting characters.Alternatively, her Chanur books. They're kind of odd as far as general sci-fi goes in that there's really only one human character, but they do a fantastic job of both alien mentalities and the difficulties of cross-species communication.
It's a self-insertion masturbation fest.
War of the worlds was pretty terrible.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Last Command - 3rd book in the Star Wars Thrawn Trilogy. I have never touched anything EU and was told this is the best there is. Honestly, it's barely good enough to finish. The prose is bland, the characters are pretty good, but the story is lackluster. I don't feel like there's any real danger to any of the characters. The villain, a supposed military tactical genius, never does anything of note. However, I bought the trilogy and I'm gonna finish the trilogy.What SF/F books have you read this year?Considering I started back reading last year...quite a bit.- A Song Of Ice And Fire 5 books- Stormlight Archives 2 books- Kingkiller Chronicles 2 books- Farseer Trilogy 3 books- Tawny Man Trilogy 3 books- Dresden Files 15 books- Fool's Assassin - The Gentleman Bastards 3 books- The Strain Trilogy 3 books- Thrawn Trilogy 3 books- The Warded Man read 1 book and dropped series- Broken Empire read 1 book and dropped series- First Law Trilogy read part of 1 book and dropped because of RL shit. didn't give a fair chanceWho are your favorite SF/F authors?I don't know if I have anyRecent purchases?Thrawn trilogy, Gardens of the Moon, The Eye of the World, Mistborn books 1-3Upcoming releases you're excited for?Next Fitz and the Fool, KKC, Stormlight Archives, ASOIAFWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?no fucking ideaWHAT THE FUCK SHOULD I READ NEXT
I would recommend Snow Crash and Neuromancer of you are into cyberpunk at all.
i am. thanks for the rec
im probably going to get shat on for this, but i gave Red Rising by Pierce Brown a chance with extreme skepticism because of the hunger games comparisons, and the first half had me thinking i wouldnt pick up the second book, but its like he hit his stride halfway through. im on the second one now and im enjoying it.its really derivative and can be compaded to a summer popcorn movie, but it does what its meant to do well.
Are there any fantasy stories set like, after the middle ages?I've been wondering if there's any set in the 19th or 20th centuries involving some of the typical fantasy fare, but set during, or after the industrial revolution.
The temeraire series from naomi movie is set during the napoleonic wars. Not exactly typical fantasy fare, and the historical inaccuracies in some of the latter books in the series really bug me like Napoleon making an alliance with the incas, but it's a really good read imo
Can someone recommend me some HIGH high fantasy? Something where the story isn't grounded in any normal type of reality. Only example i can think of is 2001
thats science fiction you retard
they have way too much PKD
the bible
That isn't fantasy and you probably want to check out Philip K Dick, Borges and Gene Wolfe.
And don't have Gene Wolfe past fifth head of Cerberus.
Then how come I hate most of the Lannisters but love Brienne, Littlefinger, and Theon? Theon specifically because he's working his way back from nothing, and rebuilding himself.What is dead may never die!
Jonathan Strange and Mr. NorrelSeveral of the Discworld novels, though admittedly I am not overly familiar with the series and only truly follow the City Watch books
yes there is, look at any board with generals over time and you will see that it becomes more and more segregated into individual generals and non-general threads fall by the wayside until its a bunch of boring hugboxes.
Or you know, people hate Emperors and Warlords because they are inherently far more aggressive than a King is most of the time.
Then split the generals from the nongenerals like /v/ and /VG/By the gods this isn't hard to understand
Okay, /lit/. I just started an internship at a museum. Some days, it requires a lot of reading. I don't mind those days. Other days, it's a lot of moving shit around. I have a feeling this will become boring quickly, and as such, I want something to read on the commute there and home, and during my lunch break.What's some good sci-fi adventure, like space-Conan or something? Is there anything like that coming out in the late 90s, 2000s, or this decade, or do I need to go all the way back to the Barsoom books?
Book of the New Sun. Kinda. Not really. It's an adventure I suppose and it is sf and the protagonist has a sword. Don't know anything else. Maybe Chiapas Cain?
chiapas cainMexican version of Ciaphas???
Probably spelled it wrong mate.
Quite a lot, if you include secondary world settings.China Mieville's Bas-Lag stuff.I think Adrian Tchaikovsky's insect books would fit that too but I found them to be mediocre.The Half-Made World by Felix Gilman.Not sure what you're asking for here. Maybe Vellum by Hal Duncan?Not in space by maybe Age of Zeus by James Lovegrove? Just don't expect any depth - it's basically a campy action movie.
Thanks for the chart, I'll stick to reading it that way.
need more hard sci-fiGreg EganThree Body ProblemRendezvous With RamaRevelation SpaceAncillary Justice
A dictator is a dictator.
Anyone read Frederik Pohl's 'Jem'? Thoughts?
They're truly outrageous, truly truly outrageous .

pls
Yeah that sounds fine. I'd start with Mistborn, then Elantris/Warbreaker, personally.Also holy crap two day late reply sorry.You read the rest of the Cosmere, obviously.
cool beans
Those three occur around the same time, then Stormlight Archives and the current Mistborn series that started with Alloy of Law occur around the same time, 300something years later. It doesn't matter at the present moment.
It's kind of overwhelming just how many dinky old fantasy and sci-fi novels there are. I walked into a second-hand bookstore the other day and the sheer volume of books was crazy.And then you think about how some guy probably put years of his life into writing his epic fantasy series, and here they are, gathering dust decades later, bundled into a complete collection with some string for ten bucks.
So who do you think is the faceless immortal?Sazel doing some nudging?
ctrl Fno sapkowskiI am disappoint.
That's part of the charm, though. Imagine you walk in, buy 12 books in a set for what comes to less than a dollar each, and just abso-fucking-lutely love them.
You can't ctrl f an imagine
Yes but the titles are displayed textually, as is mine. That and most people didn't even bother with images.
I'm reading Battlefield Earth. It's a good story.
, 
Is he a misogynist? I'm wondering because I came across a number of troubling gender binaries in BOTNS, I'd like to write it off as Severians subjective POV, but from what I've heard that isn't the case.
+100 repliesalso fuck this signs identifying captcha
that and be content.
select all the foodthere's a pic with a glass of beer and a chicken wing"I guess that's food..."YOUR ANSWER WAS INCORRECT FURTHER VERIFICATION REQUIRED
we had this thread a week ago jesus fuck
troubling gender binariesI don't think his books are suitable for you.
Go read the Hunger Games or something more suitable for you
tfw reading feminist threads on the internet as a convicted rapist
Did you make eye contact with a woman in California or something
I don't think life is suitable for the OP.
What was Meursault's epiphany at the end? Was he actually guilty?
epiphanyIt doesn't matter lmaoWas he actually guilty?Fuck yeah, dude shot a guy five six? times completely unprovoked. What the fuck do you want? You read the book right?
Hmmmmmmm you’re missing something here anon that he was accused of killing not because he killed the guy but because he didn't grieve his mother's death... remember?
That's just Camus aping Dostoevsky by having the person's moral character be put in trial instead of his actions.
Basically it was #YOLO
In January 1955, Camus said, "I summarized The Stranger a long time ago, with a remark I admit was highly paradoxical: 'In our society any man who does not weep at his mother's funeral runs the risk of being sentenced to death.' I only meant that the hero of my book is condemned because he does not play the game."Get gud scrub
completely unprovoked.The guy was going to stab him. Granted, he shouldn't have gone back to that spot to begin with but still.
Enlightened by his own intelligence in such a way that one must consider him happy.
any books ya could give me to help with sexual anxiety? i get hit on a lot, but i have a strong anxiety about losing my virginity. in fact, my last relationship was ruined because of that.also please make them decent books and not pop trash
i'm a girl btw
The Bible
0/10

This.
D.H. Lawrence.
this poster isn't me, and my sex is completely irrelevanthow so?
Topkek Monsignor D.H. Lawrence. Amen to that.
which works?
For Whom the Boob Tolls
ha ha
Michel Tournier,The Erl KingMy entry occasioned rustic laughter among the Gournay worthies ranged behind the desk. What amused them most was the fact that my sexual organs were in no way proportionate to my size; they were those of a child under the age of puberty. The local doctor produced a technical term which set off the general hilarity once more, as everyone took it for a particularly racy obscenity. He said I was 'microgenitomorphous.''There's probably nothing more moving in a man's life than the accidental discovery of his own perversion.'
John Fante, Ask the DustIf Arturo Bandini can get laid, so can you.
eh, thank you, but no thanksthank you!! looks like a good read. does it deal with sexual anxiety?
plz respond
read Justine by Marquis de Sade and Philosophy of the Bedroom.
Anything by this guy should help.
Best edition?
That poem really sucked tbh.
tbh
not reading the original stone tabletsPleb
They're clay.
friend sent this to me and asked what I have to say about it. I thought you guys might like to take a look.
"I'll have whatever he is," - Nope. Lotta cliches, and the jump between the bar and the game description is really jarring/badly done.. wheres the rest?
This is all he's written so far. Honestly my friend and I are just laughing at how bad it is.There are a LOT of spelling and grammatical errors
Just posted the prologue in the same document. The main character is being interrogated in hell.
Is there anyone who doesn't like Delillo? He has influenced basically everybody. I've never met anyone who read him and didn't like him.
I know people who don't like him.
C-C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!!!!!!!!!
I guess he's probably the true originator of the New Sincerity movement, even before DFW
I've only read Ratner's Star and it was OK. I didn't really understand th epoint of it though.
yeah, read an early and obscure book only from an american master. nice living you hipster doofus
read white noise. thought it was boring shit.
I don't like himWhite noise was shit
Reading Underworld right this minute.Never seen a book so large flow so smoothly. It's a book that's not obsessed with itself and it's size the way DFW, Pynchon, and Joyce wrote.
Ratner's StarOKHahaha. No. It's so stupid it hurts. I could end with a better taste of mouth after shitposting and lurking 4chan all day than from reading that horrible novel. In the end, both actions have the same repercussion, as you just fill your mind with all kind of bullshit, contradictions and stupid opinions.Ratner's Star is the most boring shit I have ever read. I am never following the recommendations from that fucking bookstore again.
Just read White Noise, The Body Artist, and Cosmopolis. They were spectacular. I might even put my huge backlist on hold to read Underworld.
Do it. It's smooth as silk. And I'm a huge baseball freak and it has a baseball element to it.The prologue is one of the most incredible picturesque prose works of the game of baseball that I've ever read. Don't let that influence you. Because even if you know nothing of baseball, even if you have never watched a game, this book will make you wish you knew everything to it. And you may love the writing, the story, and never watch a game or think about the sport ever again, but while you're engaged in Underworld it's like nothing else you can imagine. You will, at least, for the length of this book be a fan of baseball. Promise.Just read it. And though the size my be daunting for someone like yourself who is considering putting it at the front of the To-Read list, it flows and you'll be three hundred pages in before you can believe it. It's fleeting, so enjoy every page. One of the best books to get lost in because it hardly contains any hiccups, or anything boring in respects to the plot.READ IT.
Cosmopolis is OK at best. He's got great prose, but what he does with it is so obvious it hurts.
Yeah I hate him. I think he has only a couple ideas, his prose is laughable, his dialogue is worse, and White Noise is possibly the worst novel-on-its-way-to-being-canonised of the last 50 years or so.
down to the section called "Edgy" Prose. A lot of people don't like Delillo.
holy shit what a pleb I would be ashamed
White Noise is in the small pool of novels that I have started and dropped because they were mindnumbingly dull.
I find his plots boring, his diction redundant and his allusions plebian.
he's a "writerly" writer, so no, I don't like him
"I have to try and kill/be killed to demonstrate my freedom"Why did anyone pay any attention to this stupid edgelord fuck?
Because that statement is true if you actually think about what freedom is and entails. The State isn't God, though.
freedomIt's not about freedom, it's about power. And disregard for death, assering your will in the highest likelyhood of death is birtually undefeatable. Think about it, there are people willing to blow themselves up to assert their domination. You cannot rule over this kind of people, except through dronestrikes. Hurray for drone strikes! 
The people that blow themselves up don't actually think that they're dying though, not in the traditional sense
That has very little to do with freedom and I'm not sure exactly what you think is 'about" power, since nothing has been mentioned ITT but death & freedom. Saying that the reason people kill is to demonstrate their power seems psychologically shallow and and simple.And disregard for death, assering your will in the highest likelyhood of death is birtually undefeatableNot really. An army that asserts its will to death will probably lose, since war isn't about dying, or even killing, when you look at it from a perspective that actually wants to be victorious and not just wearing a postmortal shit-eating grin.
But in giving up the person doesn't give themselves to death, they merely realise the futility of their struggle and attempt to give their attacker/prey a reason to spare them
they merely realise the futility of their struggle and attempt to give their attacker/prey a reason to spare themfutilitySuicide bombers don't think their struggle is futile. Jihad is a word that actually means struggle. to spare themNot sure where you're getting this from or what you mean by it.
But how does this survive solipsism? How do I know the other person isn't a figment of my imagination, and that I'm not demonstrating my freedom to nothing?
Jihadists don't believe they're dying when they explode, they believe they're being transported to another realm. They can't exactly be used as an example
True, their religion tells them that death isn't real. My this might help us understand how hegelians eventually started formulating critigues of religion as an instrument of power.since nothing has been mentioned ITT but death & freedomWe're talking bout a specific passage in POS, namely in the Master/Slave chapter. It's available online, and Hegel was actually better at arguing for his position than I am, so maybe you just read him.Saying that the reason people kill is to demonstrate their power seems psychologically shallow and and simple.We're definitely not talki g psychology here, but thos view isn't simple at all, it is rather counter-intuitive and requires some reflection.An army that asserts its will to death will probably lose, since war isn't about dying, or even killing, when you look at it from a perspective that actually wants to be victorious and not just wearing a postmortal shit-eating grin.Try conquering Afghanistan, then.
solipsismIf you still ask how solipsism can be defeated you aren't ready for Hegel. His philosophy claims that the mind defines itself in relation to other existences. For him, and for most philosophers, solipsism is a contradictory and nonsensical dead end.
We're talking bout a specific passage in POS, namely in the Master/Slave chapterWhich is about freedom and its actualization in history. We're definitely not talki g psychology here, but thos view isn't simple at all, it is rather counter-intuitive and requires some reflection.We actually are talking about psychology, since you're making claims about what makes people willing to die or kill. Try conquering Afghanistan, then.Islamic extremists don't have a will to death. They have a will to eternal life.
Power is, in a way, about maintaining the assumption that the world is yours, i.e. so,ipsism. This seems to be thing that causes the conflict in the first place, both self-consciousnesses asserting their ownership of the world in a contest for who's least afraid of death fear of death being a sign for not being a proper solipsist, and thus being subsumed into the other's consciousness as their slave.
None of what you've said sounds at all like Hegel's actual reasoning. In the dialectic of master and slave, rto be honest. Could you post the parts of that passage that back up your claims?
Which is about freedom and its actualization in historyIt's called master and slave ffs, it's not about freedom, at least not primarily at the very point in question.We actually are talking about psychology, since you're making claims about what makes people willing to die or killI'm making claims about what their killing is in itself, not what it is for themselves.Islamic extremists don't have a will to death. They have a will to eternal lifeIn this very case, this is an irrelevant distinction, as Hegel construes the disregard of death as a disregard for worldly life.
It's called master and slave ffs, it's not about freedomHegel's philosophy is about two things: Geist and freedom. If you'd read anything by Hegel other than that one passage you'd be able to put that dialectic into the context of his philosophy of history. I'm making claims about what their killing is in itself, not what it is for themselves.You should consider being in & for itself before making claims about being-in-itself or being-for-itself.
I'd rather not, as that would mean digging through english translations online.Just remeber what self-consciousness is, it is the certainty that all things are within consciousness. The encounter of another self-consciousness threatens this souvereignty.Later, after the enslavement has taken place, the master realizes that it is he who has become insubstantial, as he no longer interacts with the world, the slave does that, and thus no longer can assert that the world is encapsulated in his consciousness.I mean, I'm the one making substantial claims here, why don't you just tell me what's wrong with them?
Hegel's philosophy is about two things: Geist and freedomWay to shift the goalposts right there faggot. We're talking about a chapter where Geist hasn't even appeared yet, and freedom takes the form of lordship.You should consider being in & for itself before making claims about being-in-itself or being-for-itselfAbsolutely not, the coincidence of the two is the exception rather than the rule.
it is the certainty that all things are within consciousnessYou overemphasize the role of the master's power and don't even acknowledge that the development you describe is what displays the slave's immanent freedom. The point, beyond the master's substantiality qua master being based in the slave's substantiality qua slave, is that as the translated more properly: bondsman slave labors he gains power and eventually uses this power to overthrow his master and attain freedom. But neither is truly free till they both see the other as an equal. Yes, Hegel talks about power, but never without relating it to having freedom while being within power's grasp.
We're talking about a chapter where Geist hasn't even appeared yetGeist is the universal substance that Hegel uses to ground his ontology. Geist plays a role in every moment of the system, even when it hasn't announced itself yet. the coincidence of the two is the exception rather than the rule.I'd suggest reading the section on Actuality in the Lesser Logic.
But how is he sure of others' existences? Solipsism is the best starting point, where else do you start from without making groundless assumptions? I'm honestly not trolling, genuinely confused
Ok, none of the things you just brought up contradict me in any way. I was focusing at what I had reason to assume was the central topic of the thread, the fight to the death that ends with one becoming the other's slave.The ultimate insubstantiality of the master's power was brought up to demonstrate how power still relates to a soöipsistic vision on his part. The greater freedom of the slave is probably the argument against solipsism you were looking for.
Why would solipsism be a starting point?
Because it's the only thing without doubt. You commence by removing all unfounded knowledge from yourself, until only that which is certain remains. Descartes demonstrated that the self is the first thing it is impossible to doubt
The central topic of this thread is Hegelian freedom. That dialectic is one moment of the system. By ignoring what Hegel's conception of freedom is, which you did by assuming this was a thread about that moment and not its totality, you've done Hegel a great disservice. The short answer is Christianity.
"I have to try and kill/be killed to demonstrate my freedom"Dialectical supression is not killing, and it is not related to freedom since the slave in the bondsman and slave dialectic is as free and the lord, but with no means or power to produce anything without the risk of losing everything since the slave constitutes himself by being the slave of a lord.
Yes, but why "doubt"? Who is doubting?
And everyone since Descartes has proven their worth by poking countless holes in Cartesianism. Is the self identical with thought? How can one infer existence from thought, or thought from existence? These are questions that Descartes couldn't answer.
Geist is the universal substance that Hegel uses to ground his ontologyOf course it is, then show me how my reasoning disregards its postion.I'd suggest reading the section on Actuality in the Lesser LogicI don't think he argues for an identity of psychological process and historical meaning of islamic terrorism, or anything else there, really.
 ChristianityBecause I want to know what's true. Why? There is no reason because reason itself is an unmotivating thing. I'm just using it because I derive the greatest pleasure in embracing only things that I know to be true. Thought cannot exist without the self, thus by thinking I confirm the self. It's not hard m8
By ignoring what Hegel's conception of freedom is, which you did by assuming this was a thread about that moment and not its totalityTo be fair, the OP addressed said moment very specificly.Also, I do not think there is an actual contradiction between what I said about that moment in its immediacy, and its place in the totality.
Why do you think doubting leads you to truth? Whatever truth is.
Because it removes things that are false until only truths remain
completely butchering the argument
Put it in better terms for an idiot like me
Can anyone supply the primary source for this? I'm only familiar with the master-slave dialectic.
You are not answering the question. Plato thought truth was something unnatainable by our senses. We only see glimpses of it in the shadows of the true forms: the phenomena.  For plato, everything we see is false. But, why wouldn't you rather think that what Plato has said is false? What makes you think something is false?
But Satan, this IS from Master and Slave, OP just framed it poorly as he chose to preemptively regard this part in the larger context, without adressing the intricacies of the particular issue as such, which only ever constitute its place in the big picture.
Oh god he did it he really did it he answered what Descartes couldn't thank you thank you what is your full name I want this recorded
Because even in Plato's worldview there is still a viewer; "glimpses" implies that there is still at least a single observer. That's what makes Descartes so great, he instantly rejects the senses because he recognises that he cannot ground them without doubt, and turns his scrutiny no further than the scrutiniser, who exists by necessity because without him no scrutiny could take place
This board really has gone to shit
not the guy you're responding to, but 50 bucks says you didn't read meditations. he literally just made the same argument as descartes. descartes would've said the exact same thing in response to your question. jesus christ. thinking is an action. it requires a thinker. i perceive myself to be the thinker. even if i am being deceived, them i still must exist in order to be deceived. get it? good. its ez.
Thought cannot exist without the self, thus by thinking I confirm the self. It's not hard m8I can only trying fathom the kind of person that believes this to be articulate. I also love the catty 'it isn't so hard m8'. Of course it isn't hard you fucking moron, you said nothing of value. We think therefore we confirm ourselves, oh wow. Jesus Christ I hate you. Intro to Philosophy at CC
Plato actually disregarded the senses too. That's what his theory of ideas is about. "The body is a prison for the soul" and shit. He is no different than Descartes. Descartes just vulgarized his teachings to formulate a theory of knowledge in his discourse on the method. And it is just a method.
This is all well and good but I think the original argument posed was that Descartes was deconstructed and criticized by Spinoza and every german from 1700-1800 for his simplistic view of the self. That's what I'm saying.
This is convincing enough bait for me to honour it with a response. Thought cannot exist without someone thinkingI thinkTherefore there is something in existence that is thinking, in this case, myself.It's a conclusion you said Descartes couldn't provide. I literally just inferred existence from thought. Can you tell me why I haven't in precise and logical terms? Where's the hole in my argument?
Someone on 4chan debunking HegelSomeone debunking Hegel by calling him an edgelordSomeone debunking Hegel using an out-of-context quote in a translationSomeone debunking Hegel when they either haven't read his works or got so butthurt when they couldn't understand it they tried to make it seem that Hegel was the problemTo all of the above: LOL!
you do public speaking or write speeches? nice kind of ascending tricolon you used and structure to that
And everyone since Descartes has proven their worth by poking countless holes in Cartesianism. Is the self identical with thought? How can one infer existence from thought, or thought from existence? These are questions that Descartes couldn't answer.is the self identical with thought How can one infer existence from thoughtyour response Thought cannot exist without the self, thus by thinking I confirm the self. It's not hard m8Your response simply relates the thought and self, stating that the two are dependent on one another. That's great. What that has to do with separating thought and existence and how one may bring themselves above experience questions that Descartes declined to answer and that were addressed by Fichte, Hegel, and Kant is beyond me.
I'm saying that Hegel seems to ignore solipsism. How can I mutually recognise with another being if I have no way of knowing if it exists?
I'm assuming you are asking how solipsism can be refuted and I think that Hegel would answer that by saying that consciousness is affirmed through the consciousness of another, just as stated in his master-slave dialectic. He would say that two consciousness have to exist in order to grow. One must operate under that assumption. Now, whether or not one's consciousness is actually the only one that exists falls into the same vein of whether or not absolute determinism exists. They're both a priori and can never ever be proven or disproven. Kant says as much.
I'm asking how Hegelism can work with one consciousness, because it seems impossible for me to possess actual knowledge of another. Maybe he's right that another consciousness is required for growth, but it doesn't mean that the growth is in any way actually possible. And I know I'm the one that exists because it is impossible for me to not know it. I cannot say "I don't exist" or think it, because the very act confirms my existence.
I'm confused by your confusion because you seem to understand Hegel's argument. In your experience, the consciousness of another or, if you want to entertain the notion of solipsism, the perceived consciousness of another allows for the growth of your own consciousness, according to Hegel. As previously stated, one cannot disprove or prove solipsism and as another anon stated, Hegel and his contemporaries ignored solipsism for this exact reason, for it lead to a nonsensical dead end. Thus, Hegel operates on the axiom that other consciousnesses exist. Furthermore, in regards to your experience, what difference does it make whether or not another consciousness actually exists? As far as your experience is concerned, they do. Therefore, the master-slave dialectic holds true even if solipsism is somehow also true, because the perceived interaction between consciousnesses still occurs.
god i sure hope for all of you that's it's more fun to read Hegel and Kant in an english translation, because in the german original it sure as hell is not. I even read a german "introduction to Hegel" where the author outright admitted that it was an english translation that helped him understand Hegel better.
If this thread is still up in the morning then I'll try and put this better, but basically, I don't understand how being understood as free by an external agent develops my consciousness
I'm not sure who lead you astray but being recognized as being free isn't what helps the consciousness grow. In fact, Hegel says that once one conscious has been determined the master and one the slave, no growth occurs, for it is the action of seeking this approval that develops the consciosuness. It is the interaction and struggle for power between two consciousness, both seeking affirmation of their own consciousness, that allows for the development. How this infringes upon solipsism is beyond me for the interaction would still occur in the conscioussnes of the being that actually exists. I think you are assuming that it is through validation of existing that growth occurs, but that is not what Hegel says. It is the process of this affirmation. But sure, im game to talk about it tomorrow.
tfw too pleb for this thread
I'd heard this from numerous German Studies majors and I eventually asked my philosophy prof also head of german studies about it and he just laughed and said no--it is no easier to read in English than it is in German. Still, I feel the overwhelming consensus among students is that it is easier to read in English. Are you a native German speaker? Perhaps that carries weight.
There probably isn't. I enjoy being pedantic about Hegel, just like everyone else who likes him.
That's because Americans are all free :
Doesn't seem like bait, seems like a serious response to a literal Phil 101 line of reasoning.
we are free, now the NSA surveillance program is kill
if we take solipsism to simply mean the belief that reality consists of what is present then that is the starting point, because that is all that I know. Anything posited to exist outside of that is an assumption
tfw your subjective Will is slightly more in accordance with the universal Right
You know what is present to you? What do you mean by 'present?' More importantly, what is knowing? How do you know?
, 
I'm looking for a good starting point on existentialism. Can /lit/ help?
use the catalogue
doestoveskykierkegaardnietzschesartecamus
This.But if you're looking for an overview, try "Existentialism from Dostoevsky to Sartre".
You're looking for a starting point? But anon, there is no point!Haha
Jus read Stirner, he predated the others and actually made it to the logical end point.
Also the others will likely make you sad for at least a while, Stirner will free you.
This anon gets it. This book is very comprehensive.
Your favourite philosopher rewrites your favourite novel.What is the result?
Yeah, Ada, or Ardor seems really far removed from Nietzsche...
It's much much much better
Sartre rewrites NauseaRadical freedom, indeed.
Hegel rewrites Look Homeward AngelIt would be interesting to say the least, the prose would be fucked obviously.
me saging this retarded reddit thread
A new book.
Nietzsche rewrites Gravity's RainbowNot much of a difference tbh
I'm up to that par in The Pale King where they talk about ethics, responsibility and government. Is democracy really our best bet right now?
calls the cops
So... How about Cortázar?
how do I into Cortazar?
Blow Up, Cronopios Y Famas or All the Fires the Fire, in any order. Once you're used to his style, The Prizes  Hopscotch.
tbh I would do a chick with a face like that if he she has that body
I've only read Hopscotch and I think it's overrated as hell. Sure it has a finely crafted structure, but fails at everything else.
I used to love him passionately. Now, after many years, I feel he is insincere and too artificial, though his ideas are still flawless and the prose at least in Spanish though not completely to my liking in terms of style, shows an enormous knowledge of language, technique, and sheer soul.Anyway, 62: A Model Kit remains one of my favorite novels of all times.
insincere and too artificialMy opinion too.Nunca me gustó mucho.
Couldn't get through Bestiario. Should I give some other short story collection a chance?
I need more like this
Mediocre at best. Don't lose your time with him, jump straight into Borges. It's where the fun actually begins. But if you are still curious, read Hopscotch.
Discount Borges
Cortazarinsinceredo you even rayuela
started this todayhow do i fully prepare myself?
Watch "F for Fake"
D^8
Watch Marmaduke
Why does the guy on the cover look like a mongoloid
tfw forcing yourself to finish a book
Your opinions on essential readings? Post up a few novels or short stories that you think every person should read at least once, give a description of each.
why would you even make this thread?there are ten million lists of 'essential books' both from /lit/ and elsewhere online
To get each person's opinion on essentials that they think everyone should read? Feels like I'm just beating up a retard replying to your comment.
my diary tbh
For English /lit/?HomerVirgilOvidDanteChaucerSpenserShakespeareMiltonPopeWordsworthDickensJoyceThat about covers it up to modernism tbh.
William ShakespeareDante AlighieriGeoffrey ChaucerMiguel de CervantesMichel de MontaigneMolièreJohn MiltonSamuel JohnsonJohann Wolfgang von GoetheWilliam WordsworthJane AustenWalt WhitmanEmily DickinsonCharles DickensGeorge EliotLeo TolstoyHenrik IbsenSigmund FreudMarcel ProustJames JoyceVirginia WoolfFranz KafkaJorge Luis BorgesPablo NerudaFernando Pessoa Samuel Beckett
Take this comment for exampleThe most generic classics you will find in an endless number of recommendation pages
Sounds like somebody's YA shipment didn't get here on time
Read this first.
pussy
How is that any different from googling the question?If and when you look "Beginner's literature #agegroup#" up, you'll find articles that are also written by individuals giving you suggestions.If you wanted a taste of the local flavor, you should have read the fucking sticky.
You anglocentric cock fiend
I would read Timothy Dexter's A Pickle for the Knowing Ones.
generic classicsClassics isn't a genre!Nobody sits down and says "I'm gonna write a classic!" Except fucking Morrisey because he's an egotistical douche.If you still call books "Classics" you obviously have not read enough, go read all those lists if you wanna know why they're essential reading.They're essential for people to rise above plebeian ignorance like yours!
When it comes to "essential" reads, I'd say James Joyce is the highest in that caliber, at least from a personal standpoint.
I said for English /lit/ you moron.
I won't read them because they're very boring
Thats basically saying to go to Youtube and search for it.Apparently you don't read, since you won't state any of yours.
ugh, you golden russet of a brain
Russet is a color. What the fuck do you mean by this?
too illiterate to get itPOTATO
What did I not get? Did I fall for your shitty bait you retarded, high minded, piece of shit? Kill yourself if you don't read contemporary
I didn't know that russet was a color and I don't know what the original poster means. But luckily I found this funny stock photo while searching 'stupid caveman' to use as a reaction image.
I had to look up what russet meant and the result I got was "reddish brown in color."
Guys, it means potato
thinks calling a book a classic is plebianthey're essential
Rice? Why?
o ok. does that mean it's written in English in which case, you're wrong for including Dante/the greeks or it's necessary to understanding English literature in which case you forgot Cervantes and countless others and you're still wrong. just pick one of those
What? Youtube isn't just a search engine, it's a database for storing videos. It is not at all comparable.No matter, why is it any worse for telling you what to read? There are more than a few English professors and book fanatics on youtube alone that are more than willing to share some beginner's advice.Apparently you don't read, since you won't state any of yours.If you don't advocate my stupidity, you're an idiothmmmm
here's what /lit/ decided for the yearno need to continue this thread
Will the new Macbeth movie rival Polanski's
Not watching that, just tell me why I should hate it.
yesgood moby dick adaptation when
Did I get a messed up copy of Macbeth with half the pages missing? What was that?
Why do all these hack directors think they're smarter than Shakespeare?
Why do you think they are trying to be smarter than him?
I think it looks fucking cool, digging the atonal horror strings over the satanic coronation
lmao @ the battle scenes
Cinematography looks astonishing
Is that thing from the op pic in the movie? Trailer looks retarded as fuck.
Is that thing from the op pic in the movie?if you're american this better be bait
Considering what time it is in America, I doubt it.They're the US president's daughter.
I thought Fassbinder died.
But I liked the version with Gregory Peck. Then again, I didn't read the book.
What the fuck is this shit? Do they think people go to a Shakespeare adaptation for the pseudo-300 battles and mediocre original dialogue?
People go to Shakespeare adaptations in order to say they watched Shakespeare. They want to have made it to the end of "the original GoT" without being bamboozled by a couplet. They want the cultural fast track.
who is this anali somali?
moby dick is one of those books that just wouldn't feel complete as a movie. a lot of what makes it so good is how Melville describes things and Ishmaels running monologues. on screen it would lose a lot of its poetic qualities and just be a big ocean epic, which doesn't match what Hollywood is going with right now. the 1956 movie was ok but it suffers from what I just described. Moby Dick is my favorite book, and if somehow someone could pull it off I'd love to see a good movie, I just don't see how it could be done while keeping everything great about the book.tl;dr: some books just don't translate to screen without losing what makes them so great. Moby Dick is one of those books.
nothing will top throne of blood
Looks like every other Hollywood movie since the invention of Aftereffects
Why would I know what Obama's daughter looks like?
The problem is, they arent trying to be original.I dont want to watch a film version of macbethI cant just fucking watch or read the play. I want to see it used as a basis for something new that would incorporate modern poets and realities.Think what Tarkovsky's "Stalker" was to The Strugaskys brothers' "Roadside Picnic".
holy shit she got hot
Obama is half white
i don't like it, it generates the reaction "ohmygod in those times people were really bad tehee" which is always bad
I concur.
ffs this is /lit/ not fuckin /tv/ the fuck out of here faggots
"ohmygod in those times people were really bad tehee" which is always badWhy is it always bad?
He gets crowned in Elys Cathedral and goes back to living in a thatched Fort. This is Hollywood's I'll-informed view of the 11th Century A.D.It's looking very disjointed. They may as well stick some rock music in the trailer.
I don't like shaky-cam battle sequences, they are lazy, disorienting, and incoherent. I don't like filmmakers who constantly juxtapose slo-mo, hyperstylized violence with sudden acts of bloodshed -- it was played out when Zack Snyder first became popular and it's played out still. I don't like hyper realistic historical epics; more filmmakers should be open to fantastic interpretations of the past instead of trying to portray their interpretation as honest and accurate which it almost is never is.I think Michael Fassbender is an excellent actor and he is perfect for this role, but the director Kurzel will probably ruin his own movie. I've seen his film Snowtown, and it was entertaining, but only in spite of Kurzel, not because of him.
Good thing your opinion doesn't matter
Get told that your new favorite overly romanticized trendy hollywood trash is shit yoor opinion doesn't matter tho xdLiterally slit your fucking throat.
Cut out the boring parts, and it makes for a good film.300 pages of cetology and how beautiful the sea is or how insane is ahab is completely unecessary.
no Shakespearean dialogue in the trailerLooks like it will be shit. Unless they're deliberately avoiding the dialogue for marketing purposes, like they do with trailers for foreign films.
without that shit what's even the pointthat's literally what the book is about. otherwise it's just your standard adventure story
It would imply that we are better; it cheapens historical study; it's a false corroboration of the narrative of "enlightenment science saving our souls;" etc etc
but as a movie, nobody in charge of making movies wants to make an 1800s whaling epic, so we would end up getting a "modernized" Moby Dick all in greyscale with a black Ishmael, and the whale would probably end up being mutant caused by an evil corporation led by muh greedy white man It would basically be Godzilla '14 with boats.
Melville was an SJW, so that makes sense.slavery is evilChristians should engage in idolatry towards island gods because it's open mindedcannibalism is noble, morals are relative, it's all culturalmuh multi-multi-multiculturalism
Am i the only one disgusted by this recent fad of romanticizing medieval and renaissance Europe in this sort of gritty, pseudo-heroic, overly masculine way?I can't think of a better way to articulate my feelings on this and shows like vikings. That battle scene was just repulsive to me with that poor, forced sense of tension and then the shitty slow mo action.
great post, love it. its about how Herman Melville, was a social justice warrior. great insight 10/10
"Stalker"get out of here,
time to play "R8 THE B8!", with your host, MASTER B8ER!!!Melville was an SJW, so that makes sense.7/10intrigued to see the points that followslavery is evil2/10please justify how slavery isn't evil, within the constraints of Christianity. Melville was christian and therefore fashioned his beliefs after his faith.Christians should engage in idolatry towards island gods because it's open minded5/10in the actual book Ishmael says he can respectfully practice with his companion because one of the staples of Christianity is doing unto others and Ishmael would have Queequeg worship with him in the church, so he sees it as fulfilling his duty as a good christian.cannibalism is noble, morals are relative, it's all cultural4/10didn't they only eat those they killed in battle or their loved ones? don't remember that part of the text exactly but I'm fairly sure Melville didn't condone eating a person just for the sake of it. Morals are definite to an extent and then they become relative. there's nothing inherently wrong with eating a person if you didn't kill them or cause them any pain, and it's an analysis of just how morals are present in the pagan culture, doesn't condone or condemn.muh multi-multi-multiculturalism0/10Total B8 points: 18/50Final B8 calculation: .36all in all really poor attempt. interesting concept, really lacking meat and potatoes required to fully b8 a /lot/ regular.you won't be going home empty handed though! here's a reply for this bold attempt and a big fuck off! I'm Master B8ER and thanks for playing "R8 THE B8!"
This, fucking disgusting.
just finished Moby-Dick, you're not far off on any of those points. Anyone that rejects them are pedantically arguing semantics.
Otis you lull me into complacency about your mental retardation and then you come out with this shit
what did you think of the book overall?I'm taking the name off now so you'll see me as anon if I reply
i want to hurt you. it's clear that words will be of no help so i must break you.
I want to see it used as a basis for something new that would incorporate modern poets and realitiesThere's something of this in the Fassbender. He's cut the witches and anything supernatural, rather making the Macbeths sufferers of PTSD. It's being billed as "a Macbeth for our times," but it's moreso finding once again that our times are already in Shakespeare.Unless they're deliberately avoiding the dialogue for marketing purposesThere's a lot that's been cut, but much is preserved. No "double double" but yes "out damn spot"
He's cut the witches and anything supernaturalHow do you know this?
Any other Anglo-Catholics here who do the daily readings from the Anglican Missal? or at least the Book of Common Prayer?Also, for Roman Catholics: do you read all the daily readings?
I try do the orders for morning and evening prayer each day. I use the 1928 prayerbook naturally.
The prayerbook was given to me as a gift and is just one aspect of my prayer life. I'm Presbyterian anyway.
If you're that traditional, why not use the Anglican Missal? Even the new edition is informed by the 1928 BCP. There's also the 1921 Missal issued by the CoE.
Which denomination?And what Bible do you use?
Presbyterian and KJV.
Yeah, I mean which denomination of Presbyterian?KJV is based. NSRV is the probably the worst currently being popularly promulgated.
There needs to be a religion board to keep this shit out of /lit/
The church I belong to is not part of a larger Presbyterian body like the PCA or PCUSA. It's simply "Presbyterian." I'm theologically conservative and believe in scriptural inerrancy if that's what you're getting at. The KJV will always be the authoritative English translation.
I would prefer it be named a theology board. Even if would discuss religious topics, the title is important to deter certain demographics. Just like I think this board would be worse if it were called "books" instead of "literature"
No, I was just wondering if you were part of a larger body.I agree.
Keep spreading the good news and I will be praying for you!
Bless you.Have you read any James K. A. Smith? He's a Reformed theologian. I haven't read him yet, but I plan to.It seems that a primary concern in his work is to expose certain postmodern philosophical claims and certain ecclesial attempts to work with them as not actually postmodern enough, pointing out instead that they too have accepted the agenda set by the enlightenment. This is seen in his warnings that the emergent tendency away from historic ecclesial tradition is a grave mistake, and that putting down roots, committing to a community for the long haul, and engaging the deep discourses within historic Christian orthodoxy are in fact the truly post- or counter-modern practices for the church today.
I am not a Christain
I have not but thanks for the tip! That synopsis looks really interesting. If you want a good overview of Church history, Charles Williams' "Descent of the Dove" is excellent.
I hate christposters
Stop shitposting. Stay in /theo/
Thanks a lot, friend.
Especially when they use trips that really pisses me right the fuck off
I do Morning Prayer just about every day. Trying to add Noon Prayer in now.
What denomination are you?
It's like they think anyone gives a shit about their identity as they're chrisposting on this Cambodian trading-card game forum
Anglo-Catholic in the Episcopal Church
Splendid, brother.Any theologians you're particularly fond of?
Praise Satan

inb4 neckbeard Inquisitors
I'm pretty fond of Radical Orthodoxy so you can imagine I'm rather pleased to see Milbank discussed on here lately. I also like MacIntyre, Hauerwas, and N.T. Wright
All great choices.Have you started reading anything by Milbank or any other thinker in Radical Orthodoxy? I started Theology and Social Theory and I love it. I plan to read more by him and other thinkers in the movement.
Monday, June 1st, 2015Morning Prayer: Ps 72; 1 Sam 1:1–20; Heb 3:1–6; Coll 408 or FAS 181Holy Eucharist: Propers 408 or FAS 181; 1 Sam 2:1–10; Ps 113; Rom 12:9—16b;Lk 1:39–57; Preface of the IncarnationEvening Prayer: Ps 146, 147; Zech 2:10–13; Jn 3:25–30; Coll 408 or FAS 181The memorial of Justin Martyr is not observed in 2015 or may betransferred to a ferial day.
So when are we due for some new miracles? Or maybe a pestilence or some shit.
Time to read Spinoza.
Good to have you report in, CanadabroI'm a postmillennialist, so quite a while from my perspective.
I really like Graham Ward's Cities of God. In it he basically analyzes the modern city and how the Church should be critically engaged with secular society through the City. Obviously there is a lot of inspiration from Augustine's City of God
That sounds quite interesting, thanks for posting, Anon.
Hello Reddit
go away christfags you're polluting the board
/lit/ is 40 percent catholic, 50 percent agnostic, ten percent raging militant fedora.it is you who are polluting the board newfag reddit scum.

Let's, at long last agree, agree that Shakespeare's canonization is undeserving, and that his rabid fanbase is entirely comprised of bourgeois hacks, who are afraid that merely touching a Sci-fi novel will burn off their hands.I get why Shakespeare is appealing, his portraits of kings, queens, and princes are essentially 16/17th century lifestyle porn. Antony and Cleopatra is renaissance Europe's own version of 'Friends', some wealthy idiots with unrealistic love-lives for the pleb masses to idolize. "Oh, wouldn't it be great if my wife loved me like Juliet loves Romeo, I'm so buying a ticket to this Shakespeare guy's next show"least in Friends the jokes are occasionally funny, Shakespeare thinks putting yellow garters on a man is a fucking laugh riot. Of course, if you are unlucky as I am, and have attended a performance of one of Shakespeare's, you'll have noticed the more smug audience members uncomfortably feign a laugh at every pun Hamlet makes, as if not laughing is akin to pissing on Shakespeare's grave, though with all the dough "the bard" was buried with, any of your yellow dew is unlikely to reach the bard's lips, in fact, there probably wasn't enough room in the coffin to stuff the hack in.To Shakespeare's fans, I suggest that next time you're in Barnes & Noble, you don't stroll so pompously past the Sci-Fi and Fantasy sections, and perhaps spend a little time expanding your literary horizons. Of course, if you choose to walk past us, please do so quickly, you REEK, and not just of pretentiousness.That's all.
Even if this is bait, and I strongly suspect it is, you're autistic for taking the time to think of this and type it out. I still feel you deserve this reply. Please leave now and don't come back.
er...Somebody got frustrated that they couldn't read the sonnets.An hour or two hours is all it takes.
shakespeare is overrated pleb shit but i don't feel like reading that. sage
Did your English teacher say something that hurt your feelings? You can still read your Star Trek novels and like Shakespeare. I hated him when I was in the eighth grade, too.
What is your age and which Shakespeare plays have you read?
, 
What are the best existential books?
The Moviegoer by Walker Percy
demian?
I'm not a demon.
torless
I have TOR installed on my computer.
le grand meaulnes, la nausée, on the road...
what is the point? or the interest?
Notes from Underground
I hate this stupid fucking book so much. Don't suggest this piece of shit to me.
what's the best edition of Nausea?
every novels in any kind of way
asks for best existentialist texts receives best existentialist text stop recommending exactly what I asked for
Imfuckingplying that book is at all BEST. Best for /r9k/, not for me.
Tired, seemingly, he ceased. His questioner, perceiving that he was not likely to get a great deal of change out of such a wily old customer, fell to woolgathering on the enormous dimensions of the water about the globe. Suffice it to say that, as a casual glance at the map revealed, it covered fully three fourths of it and he fully realised accordingly what it meant, to rule the waves. On more than one occasion - a dozen at the lowest - near the shore at Providence, Rhode Island, he had remarked a superannuated old salt, evidently derelict, seated habitually near the not particularly redolent sea on the wall, staring quite obliviously at it and it at him, dreaming of fresh woods and pastures new as someone somewhere sings.Is there a more cheap prose writer than McCarthy?
Melville and Dostoyevsky. Oh, and any of the Beat's
Cormac never writes about anything but the west, that was your tell
absolute shithe only gets away with this crap because of Oprahthat's about it
That's Joyce op.
That was kind of spooky... Almost like zing at Bergman does the American South.It's syntax is shrouded with fog, the ellipsis is unbounded, and we're slowly picking up on allusions that old age is like the sea wily, salty, derelict, yet fragrantless.
*like Ingmar BergmanWhat was that Rhode Island novel which won the Pulitzer?
why do people do this? is it to be like "lol i got you" when people don't get it?you will always get mad shitters to respond, simply epic
It is pretty dumb. Especially now when anyone can google a block of text from pretty much any published book and instantly find out who wrote it.
To read Céline's North, do need to know what happened on Castle to Castle?
What the hell, /lit/You said this book was good
it is you mongalso how was the Bene Gesserit supposed to get Leto to let his daughter marry Feyd-Rautha?I guess if the Gaius Helen whatever knew about the Emperor's plan to destroy house Atreides she assumed that the kid would have to be married to Feyd aftewards, but even then there's the risk of her killing herself or whateverpoint being, it should've been the opposite way around with the harko daughter coming in as a witch unawares of her parenthood just like Jessica yeah, sex linked genes I know, blah blah blah but jesus fuck that would've been almost as much of a debacle as all the Arrakis shitShaddam IV was who fucked the plan by giving Arrakis to the Atreides imo
but is
I never.. but, if you do get through it? post a tldr summary, because, its the only way I'm ever gonna find out wtf that convoluted nonsense is supposed to be about either. Nor am I kidding, it really is unreadable, IMO.
No we didn't. In fact, Dune often gets criticised here.
convoluted nonsenseDunekek, what you read usually? Dan brown
what you read.. Literature, actually, chief. No, I dunno, tbh, I can and often do read anything and everything otherwise, SF? - PKD, hes good, Im good with that, we all good here, etc.But cross SF with Fantasy? - which, far as I could make out, probably a fair description of Dune.. Just No, & No Again. Ian Banks is probably good example, read and enjoyed.. everything otherwise - throw an M .in there? Nope, Trash - I tried, Im allergic, nothing to be done..Trolled me into picking up Dune, again, now. But as OP correctly noted, for some reason, that shit def. aint everyones cup of tea, to put it mildly.
/lit/ I would like to into mythology, and the history surrounding it. I mean like, all mythology. From the Greeks to the Romans to the Jews to the Christians and the Muslims to Britain and America and etc. I kind of want a rounded view of religions, mythology and the cultures/history surrounding them because I'm interested in these things and want to be able to confidently talk my way around them without feeling the need to clarify with "Well, at least I think that's how it went"inb4 start with the greeksYes sure, I'll start there, but then what? Actually, what books concerning the Greeks should I read? Help plox
Wikipedia
Edith Hamilton's MythologyIf you want more or primary sources read Ovid's Metamorphoses greek myths with latin names
go to local used bookstore with a few books in mind including mythology.costs 10 fucking dollars.
Study the Lyric Genres first, assuming that the Athenians prized Social directives above Mythological narratives.
How does rejecting God mean a rejection of objective morality? Aquinas says that morality can be determined by reason. With reason and genetic determinism, what are we missing not talking about God or taking him out of the picture?
Other than the fullness of revelation? Nothing.
fullness of revelation??
It means a rejection of absolute morality.
You miss out on humanity's super duper ability to see beyond that literal and pursue something beyond the physical realm. Rejecting God is in essence a rejection of morality because unless we are specifically talking about a Judeo-Christian Elohim, then the presence of a metaphysical/figurative idol in our lives creates a higher, more unified order among a humanity that, especially in the darker ages, needs a unifying order due to our uncanny ability to find differences within equality. A God is necessary to create objective morality due to an order that appears to be beyond mortal failure.
Why must the rejection of God mean no absolute morality when deterministically that objective good could still exist to man biologically?
Yknow, Jesus? The Incarnation? The New Testament? The elements of Thomost morality that can't be deduced from reason?
Because secular objectivity doesn't ascribe to pure reason.
The amount of threads about Christianity is tantamount to shitposting.Post in theology general. This doesn't deserve a thread.
*subscribe
objective good could still exist to man biologicallycare to elaborate?
OP here. Please explain.The amount of threads about Christianity is tantamount to shitposting.I don't like this topic so it's bad
because there is no objective biological morality.The only law that can be found in biology that morality could be based on would be the idea that whatever results in the production of the most viable offspring is the best. Even then, that is not objective in any sense and is no better as a basis for morality than anything else.
Christfags today will bleat like the cattle they are that there's no such thing as objective morality without God. The truth is that morality, like any mental construct applied to a society, is a subjective mechanism, malleable and changeable, something which is anathema to the concept of an omnipotent and omniscient creator entity reputed to have full and complete knowledge of all things past, present, and future and the means and ability to hold you in account for all of them. It should also be noted that Aquinas's deterministic bent got him in deep shit on a number of occasions, and by and large his words have been bastardized to better fulfill the Church's self-serving agenda.
the button in pic related may help you in the future newfriend.
Christfags today will bleat like the cattle they are that there's no such thing as objective morality without God.lolThe truth is that morality, like any mental construct applied to a society, is a subjective mechanism, malleable and changeableDo you have anything to back up that claim?
Mankind's psychology is formed by it's more innate biology and thus its core values that make up its core morality are natural to it. This doesn't seem to need a creator God as the morality is linked to nature and we can make up concepts of nature that exist without God.
is a subjective mechanism, malleable and changeable, something which is anathema to the concept of an omnipotent and omniscient creator entity reputed to have full and complete knowledge of all things past, present, and future and the means and ability to hold you in account for all of them.So you're saying that because lot's of humans have different ideas about morality there can be no transcendent morality embodied by an unfathomable infinity?
OP here. Please explain.Do you know what reason is, as opposed to empiricism?
Ok. Let's assume this is true. Why follow it? Of what consequence is it? If morality is merely a product of biological evolution, you're left with the question of what purpose it serves. Furthermore, even if you were to say that it serves the purpose of survival, you are still left with the problem of why that is inherently and objectively 'good'. In other words, you can't have justice without an eternal Judge. No law without a lawmaker.
Well no, I don't immediately.Please help. I'd like to learn without having to search through several books for a single answer.
Aquinas says that morality can be determined by reason. With reason and genetic determinism, what are we missing not talking about God or taking him out of the picture?You're conveniently leaving out his commentaries on Aristotle's concept of the good and telos, both of which are derived from transcendent truths apart from they physical realm. Aquinas thinks you can arrive at an objective morality without God because he assumes that the concept of good is an objective correlative which can be discovered by reason.
Anthropology.
That is not at all a defense for your claim. Anthropological study shows that different cultures have different sets of values, but that doesn't at all demonstrate a lack of an absolute value system.
"Reason" is that which you can figure out by just sitting on your ass and thinking or working on paper, like math. Empiricism means validating an hypotheses through testing that can be objectively recorded.
You're conveniently leaving out his commentaries on Aristotle's concept of the good and telos, both of which are derived from transcendent truths apart from they physical realm. I am actually not aware of them. Why must they be derived apart from the physical and, more to the point, where is the necessity of a creator?
Aquinas thinks you can arrive at an objective morality without God because he assumes that the concept of good is an objective correlative which can be discovered by reason.So the answer to OP is rejecting God does not have to mean rejecting objective morality at all? Objective morality still exists?
Okay, I did actually know that. My bad.However, how does it relate to I don't see how what you're saying is relevant to my original question,
yes, it's kinda like a cakeyou can say no one made the cake and still have it, but the obvious answer is that someone made the cake even if you deny it
Mankind's morality is not its psychology, though. Guilt is learned.
objective morality Buzzwords!
Moral philosophy isn't informed by empiricism, and I don't see how it could be, since there is no way to empirically test whether or not something is wrong without establishing a non-empirical definition of wrong--which wouldn't be an issue if what constituted "morally wrong" were agreed upon by all involved, but it's not, and that discussion is the primary subject of moral philosophy.
Why must they be derived apart from the physicalbecause they are objective statements which exist outside of physical observation. We label things as 'good' and 'bad' but you'll never see nature make this distinction because nature has no concept of good and bad. These are objective truths which exist outside of the material realm. To paraphrase one of Chesterton's famous quotes, I may call a sniper who shot my mother in the head at 500 meters a good shot but not necessarily a good person. Good is a quality which is assigned through a semiotic understanding of value and how it relates to the world. If you have transcendent truths such as 'good' you open the possibility dare I say you MUST accept the reality of an eternal objective standard by which things can be properly judged Anslem's Cosmological argument, or Plato's forms.where is the necessity of a creator?Again, you're left with the dilemma of if an objective morality exists apart from an objective creator, then the morality is essentially meaningless and thus there is no teleological point in following it.
objective good could still exist to man biologicallyWhat the fuck are you talking about?
Ethics without ontology. It's why I'm reading Putnam's book on it now.My answer? Put ethics on epistemology,
Thank you so much for the answers. I'd like to pry a bit more though, if you don't mind.Again, you're left with the dilemma of if an objective morality exists apart from an objective creator, then the morality is essentially meaningless and thus there is no teleological point in following it.What would be the compelling reason to not just scrap it all together then?If you have transcendent truths such as 'good' you open the possibility dare I say you MUST accept the reality of an eternal objective standard by which things can be properly judged Anslem's Cosmological argument, or Plato's forms.From what I understand then, saying something is "good" must be something objective rather than just my personal opinion or else I'm denying the reality of morality. However, isn't good dependent on fulfilling something's purpose? Why would we understand the objective standard of things be the fulfillment of this to their appropriate end? Further, how would be know the ACTUAL purpose of specific acts like sex and stuff and not have them be personally given? Is there any given reason to support the idea of the objective standard of morality rather than supporting a subjective one?Thank you again.
Explain please
If there isn't a universal value system that crosses over all cultures, then there isn't an absolute value system. That's math. And you're wrong: anthropological study suggests morals between cultures not only vary widely from culture to culture, they vary wildly within cultures over time. That's also indicative of a malleable morality. What was morally acceptable in Carthage circa 265 BC would be condemned in that same location today.
You are assuming that the moralities of all cultures and periods are equally valid, and hence we have to take every one in account and find a common measure between them all to get at objective morality, and because we cannot find this common measure you are assuming moral relativity- which is the equivalent to saying that all cultures have equally valid moralities. Your inference is question begging.
Allowing a scripture to be the *reference* for ontological claims. Hermeneutics, essentially. This isn't something we use in our society any longer. Science allows us to wonder if we can eventually make those claims, but they're a long ways off.As for the second part. I was fast on the trigger. I probably wouldn't use it again that way, giveqn the chance. I basically mean allowing ethics as subject matter against first principle. But, first principle as a matter of human knowledge.
Is this good? And just how much of a Lot 49 ripoff is it exactly?
It's obvious that David pulled his bootstraps up to his shoulders between Broom and Infinite Jest, but it's still a funny book. If you like DFW you should read it.As for 49, David said he hadn't read a word of Pynchon when he wrote it, and if he's ripping off anyone it would be Borges, but the ending is right out of 49.
The protagonist finds herself at an auction waiting to see who buys something?
David
David said he hadn't read a word of Pynchon when he wrote itThat would be like Pynchon saying that he hadn't read a word of Joyce or Gaddis before writing V.besides, "David" hooked his literary cock into DeLillo instead and basically just copied from him.
he rewrote delillo replacing the voice of a catholic street kid with a suburban teenage girl
Broom of the System wasn't amazing, but it was worth the read. I'm not really seeing how it is compared to Lot 49, can anyone explain?
The final scene has a huge build up only for it to stop before the climax.Forgive me for not using his pen name. Yeah, he was most likely bullshitting to get people off his back. Just something I read in his intro.
is it a very dense or tough read? how long did it take?
I read a lot of DFW's non-fiction before his fiction and fell in love with him a bit. Then I read Broom and, well, was a bit disappointed. I think it was too WASPy for me, and I also love Wittgenstein and think he misunderstands and misuses him so that annoyed me.
No. I was reading multiple books at the time and got through it with only one renewal, so it was only about two and a half weeks at a very leisurely pace. It's not complex at all, but it's still a good read.Always start with Infinite Jest.
I have read this book and researched it pretty extensively since.The heavy use of dialogue was influenced by a guy named Manuel Puig, who I believe tutored DFW in college at some point, and whose books are pretty much all dialogue. Much of the influence comes from DeLillo's debut "Americana", including the head-shaped-city thing which comes from a reference in DeLillo's novel about how John Wayne IIRC was so big in town that there was talk of building a city shaped like him or something.DFW claims not to have read Pynchon but he also claimed not to have read BEE and people have called him out on that saying how influenced he was by BEE being so young at the time of publication etc.There was actually an ex-student of Wittgenstein's affiliated with Amherst and who lived nearby that DFW knew about, which was obviously an influence to him when thinking up the plot.Two of the main influences in terms of prose were Nabokov's Lolita which influenced Rick's objectification of Lenore: the detailed "romantic" parts being superficially endearing but also somewhat creepy in their being so superficial and Run, Rabbit by John Updike, which DFW thought and later suggested in his novel about old authors close to death, including Updike, and solipsism was misogynistic but also pretty entertaining. The character of Biff Diggerence is based on Updike, and like Updike Biff comes from Shantilly, Virginia or whichever obscurish town/city Updike is from.The essential theme of the book IMO is the nature of personhood in relation to language. Is the parrot a person for being able to mimic the reverend and Lenore's crude housemate? Is the psychologists's doll a person since he carries it around and talks to it? Is the city itself a person since it's shaped like one and has in its brain a switchboard albeit a malfunctioning one connecting the city? Are the babies who are fed the special babyfood people babies not typically being granted the kind of full personhood an older child otherwise has for being able to precociously verbalize etc? Lenore is twinned with her Gramma most obviously by name because like her grandmother she feels that she lacks a function and therefore is in a weird gray area in terms of being a person, since as Witt-chan says the meaning of something is associated with its function. Like the city swithcboard shaped like an actress's head an actress herself associated with her grandmother, Lenore's thoughts are misdirected, and like a character in a fictional novel Lenore's story is told throughout by a rapid, obsessively detailed narrative voice much like that of Rick, her obsessive and jealous lover. The only chapter really in which we get any different style of dialogue is the childishly-written first one, where Lenore refuses to sign herself away to the men and thus forfeits a function in the way women at the time often found one, namely by marrying.
he reads DFWHoh man. Good luck, chucklefucks.
You have to be really like beyond saving to actually type that out, choose the relevant food products and post it. I guess I used to be like this but man do I pity you right now.
food productsEver since I sent Google that pissy letter, I only get street signs.
TRUTH APPROACHING:yes, he had read lot 49 and a lot of pynchon work.He only claimed otherwise in interviews to avoid obvious comparisons.
Wallace said in an interview, that he liked Pynchon "about 25% of the time". I agree, his novels have great parts, but they are also full of garbage.
good analysis
At least in the D.T. Max biography a lot of people he knew talk about Wallace reading Crying of Lot 49 for a class and talking about it a lot when he was writing Broom. He also admitted it elsewhere but I don't have a handy source.As for the influence: The names and some of the wackiness are pure Pynchon. Lenore feels like a more fleshed-out Oedipa. But it's not a book Pynchon ever would have written. Personally I like it a lot better.
My novel is at full speed. Quit this fucking website, quit fucking cellphone, disconnect from the internet and you can achieve productivity too.Be a neo ludist, the internet is really bad.
you mean luddite, pseud
The internet is greatHave my browser open to wikileaks and cryptome constantlyAlso a luddite myself, in the antimaterial sense.
neo ludist
i want to fuck 19mm
Then what're you waiting for, start fapping.
You burn hayricks to increase wages?
I need helpWhat's the name of the genre where the chractet is a mischievous person, but stops just outside of the law? It's spanish, I can't remember the exact name, all I can think of is a captian picard novel.
all I can think of is a captian picard novel.LOLPicaresque?
picaresque novel
That was a great album
My favorite one of theirs, tbh
Thanks guys
Picaresque, or if you prefer the Ancient source of the tradition, it is known to us as 'The Milesian Style'.
Any recommendations on what in this genre is really good?
A Confederacy of Dunces is supposedly picaresque, and is very good.
that isn't what picaresques are about
What do you think about Paulo Coelho /lit/?
ersatz shit
a genius
writer
human
retard
unbearably white for an argentinian
the best mozambican writer
literally who
the guy who wrote The Alchemist
Literally what
/christianity/
I started one book by him and didn't finish it, so nothing really, except I need to finish it. Someday...
The Alchemist follows a young Andalusian shepherd named Santiago in his journey to Egypt, after having a recurring dream of finding treasure there. The book is an international bestseller. According to AFP, it has sold more than 65 million copies in 56 different languages, becoming one of the best-selling books in history and setting the Guinness World Record for most translated book by a living author.
Oh look another Paul Coehello thread.
S H I THITSeriously, shit.
One day I will borrow or steal a copy of The Alchemist and take a huge dump in it, and post it on /lit/.
You will think he's good in your teens, or if you're a pleb-tier read: normie adult who doesn't have a solid reading habit. You will think he's good if you haven't read the classics. Once you start reading seriously, you realize that Paulo Coelho is not a bad writer, which is to say, not shit. But he is far, very far from good. Middling at best.
Paulo Coelho is a chaos wizard.
Paul Coen is the shimmer in the dark
No, he really is toxic levels of bad. Not the worst, I agree, but definitely within the BAD realm.
So why didn't they call a doctor?
What the hell is a doctor going to do?
this plus they had no money and they didn't want the neighbours finding out, If they did they could have done anything from shame them to run them out of town to burning them at the stake
Why didn't they squash him from the get-go?
No boots big enough
Combination of family-burden and hoping he'd return to normal so he could continue makin' the big buck$.
Because it's a metaphor for mental illness and back then mentally incapable people were better locked and restrained.
literalising metamorphosisYa blew it
This
it's a fable you stupid faggot

They were kikes. Kikes are well known for being greedy and avaricious motherfuckers.
Heil!Lol.Fag.
And I say that cos you ain't got the brains to apply your greed - that is the only difference between you and the Hew.
Kafka is a hack
back thenthey still are
not knowing about anti-psychotics and such2015believing that the majority of mentally ill people are still institutionalized/pol/ may read pamphlets and Julius Evola, but sometimes, you dimwits seem more detached from reality than them.
So why didn't they call an exterminator?
cover depicts a bugWhen will they learn?
Nice b8 m8
They had money in the beginning
Shame. The Hippocrates Oath probably wasn't there thus word would have spread. Doctor would have probably put him in a leper colony.It was best to keep it undercover.
The Hippocrates Oath exists since, you know, Hippocrates.
implying anti-psychotics don't kill a persons mindimplying they aren't just imprisoned mentally rather than physically so that no one has to feel bad about seeing the shitty conditions of their life
BETCHAFIFTYDOLLARSIMAMANIMASCHOLARIMTURNINGTOABUG
I'd say a lot of the attention given to this story, along with Bartleby and The Stranger, is based solely on how short they are and how vaguely mysterious the story is. If these books were 100 pages longer not saying it's good or bad that they are I'd say most people would make zero effort in broadcasting the fact they've read them.
they wanted to get rid of their anon son
It's not a metaphor for mental illness, its a metaphor for alienation, which we all experiment somehow
If a sentence ends in an italicized word or phrase, does the punctuation also get printed in italics? In certain typefaces the slanted letters almost wind up touching a non italicized exclamation point or question mark.
Bump
I'm a copy editor, and I spend quite a bit of time changing italicized commas back to roman.It depends but generally I would say the punctuation should not be italicized. The slanted letters touching the non italicized exclamation point are something that could be fixed in typesetting.
tfw you go on a kindle store binge and suddenly $100 is gonet-thanks amazon
paying for e-books
not paying for e-books
And you know what the worst part is? You're not going to read half those books.
sweatshop enabling
not paying for e-books
he says while typing on his equally morally corrupt computer or phoneAt least I'm gaining knowledge, what's your excuse
tfw go on a digital consumption binge and suddenly 14gb of Kobu's storage is gonet-thanks freedom
That place looks like it has decent working conditions. My granddad definitely had to endure worse.Do leftists really prefer these people be unemployed?
paying for ebooks
not pirating
paying for e-booksnot paying for e-bookspirating
paying for ebooks
I'm shitposting for a better tomorrow.nobody gives a shit about your granddad
Why do you hate black people?
What? I have no explicit feelings for black people one way or another
Suppressed hatred. Why do you have no feelings for black people?
Because I rarely interact with them in day-to-day life, as I currently live in Thailand. The human factor just isn't there
paying for ebooks
I can tell you why I hate them if you'd like anon.
tfw you're the type of person that gets in a taxicab and says "the library, and step on it"
This thread broke my head in 5 seconds.
tfw you get there and all you do is browse /lit/ all day
rub your balls with your fingers and sell themdo it now
That feel, man.I've -3000€ on my bank and it's all books.It's not as bad as it sounds, as I have a job and this debt is quickly removed, but I do intend to save. Instead I binge buy books and while I read a lot I'd lie if I told you I read half of the books I own.
Yes. And;DFW it's hurting my eyes irreparably
tfw the primary reason why you make money is to buy more booksI'm pathetic
you might be retarded just a friendly heads up
Why would you bulk buy books?
Books by the foot nigga. I went with their half a mile deal.
* sorry, I meant E-Booms *
Should I get a Kindle Paperwhite or a Kindle Voyage?I'm getting one of them.
How do you even do that?You can usually get like 20 books for 3 bucks if you dig and lurk around for bargains and e-book bind ups. I've never paid more than 3 bucks for the collected works of most writers including Proust.
Voyage only if you can find it for the same price as a paperwhite. Voyage isn't much of an upgrade and paperwhite is incredible to begin with.
Those of you with e-readers:What do you have?Do you recommend it?Do you buy or pirate books?Have you found yourself reading more books since you got it, or does the large library at your fingertips cause you to jump around and get distracted?
what books did you buy m80
PaperwhiteYesPirateI've never been a fan of physical books because they strain my eyes from the small print and I hate the way the pages feel. Having ebooks has made me actually read when I never did in the past
where do you download your books from?
I just google "bookname".mobiThere's usually a few download pages that show up
1. this2. this3. this4. almost
Those of you with e-readers:What do you have?NookDo you recommend it?I got a sturdy outdated one they don't make anymore, but the Nook Glow looks cool.Do you buy or pirate books?Only pirate from dead writers who's works aren't yet in Public Domain morals.Have you found yourself reading more books since you got it, or does the large library at your fingertips cause you to jump around and get distracted?I jump around with physical books too, I just now have a much bigger library.
we have no idea who your grandpa is or did
"Who is 'he'?"
Rooted Nook, $30 new on eBayYepOnly idiots pay for digital public-access mediaMy total reading consumption has probably dropped, but I've diversified my interests thanks to the ease of acquisition
just went on an epub binge as well. except all free. downloaded a bunch of french literature to practice reading and kobo has a built in dictionary which is useful.i'll probably end up getting fed up cause they're beyond my reading level.
"let's get them to sell with us"i-is my grammar okay? :
ITT: /lit/ secretsFinnegans Wake makes some sense if you just read it aloud in an Irish accent
i actually want to read it, tell the truth is it actually readable once you get say 20+ pages in?
Even though Nabokov's claims of how silly it is to suppose you could psychoanalyze an author from their work are on point, he really was a pedo.
No, it is not. Some parts are more lucid than the first page, but some parts are more opaque as well.
I was talking with one of my coworkers about T Bombadil when I relized why he could not be corrupted by the ring. In the Silmarillion It is said that Tom was the first to set foot upon the earth. I believe this makes him an aspect of earth itself therefore he is incorruptible. Also LOTR thread
Tom was the first to set foot upon the earthWhat? No he wasn't?
It is said that Tom was the first to set foot upon the earth. I believe this makes him an aspect of earth itself therefore he is incorruptible.Learn to logically present your assertions kid.
Isn't it because he genuinely doesn't care about it at all? The Ring can only seduce those that want to use it, whatever their intentions for it.
Bazinga
It corrupts hobbits though
Hate me if you want, but I didn't really like the entire concept of Tommy B. I get that he was kind of a fun dude that rhymed and feasted and was overall a great guy, but I found the passage annoying and really out of place considering the proximity to the barrow wights.
Not Sam.
He didn't possess it for a lobg enough period of time.
So? What I said was that the Ring corrupts those who want/use it. The Hobbits that possessed it all had uses for it, among other things. Bombadil is one of my favourite parts in the book, but I do agree that it's a little awkwardly placed. Tolkien created him for the sake of having an enigma, but he could have done a much better job. Same with the Eagles.
Morgoth was able to corrupt arda
Eaglesare a direct extension of the will of Manwe. Having a ring anywhere near them would be a terrible, terrible idea.
How does /lit/ cope with classism?
it's for men
I tell my driver not to stop for anything, not even if it means running one of them over.
What worries me the most is how the new middle class, when they look at historical cases, tend to sympathise with the then existing middle class, rather than with their own ancestors, namely the serfs and the proles. It bothers me how the majority of people today still view history out of the perspective of the minority.On a completely different note, check my pic
Hang heavily in the social safety net, live the lazy lumpenprole life of non-participation.
I try to laugh at the middle class and their polite blinking.
I think about how everyone is pretty much equally unhappy regardless of their class and laugh at everyone as I strut around filled with joy.
Why are you not unhappy?
Because unhappy people make him happy.
I just constantly read books/watch movies/spend time with my girlfriend and I manage to stay happy. As long as you manage to fill up all of your time with things you enjoy it's relatively easy to keep a fairly stable level of contentment/happiness. For me at least anyway.
This tbh

I just really hate poor people. They disgust me.
Very poorly. No pun intended.
Humility, wisdom, respect - these are things people of any station can attain and be greater than a person who delights in wealth and powerThe paradox is desiring to be humble makes it impossible to be humble, wisdom attainable through humility, respect earned only when poured out
Does that include stupid people?
Show them how little I care by not trying to look rich when I'm a broke ass motherfucker.Just like they show me they don't care when they aren't reading muh philosophy and spouting spooks left right and center.
Witnessing plebs in everyday life depresses me. Not poor people necessarily though they often are, but people with no taste for literature, fashion, music etc.I'm never unpleasant towards them.
By embracing the redeeming light of fascism
The successful people in this world have an attitude towards life that is invigorating to be around if you have any hope of being successful yourself. If you go to a top 30 university you'll be classist forever because the contrast between the children of the driven and rich and the people you grew up around is so dramatic. It makes you anxious that you won't always live with people like that. Of course there are kids who are just wastes, but on the whole they're practically a different species from the average American, never mind 4chan NEETS.That's not to say I'm a dick to people who aren't from these circles, but there's a barrier present between us that I can't will away.
Fashion has no value. It's entire purpose is self-aggrandization through social fads.Everyone who looked fashionable in the 80s looks really stupid through the lens of today.
Everyone who looked fashionable in the 80s looks really stupid through the lens of today.not really, fashion is itself in a sort of a postmodern state currently. it changes so fast that it isn't clear anymore what is or isn't fashionable. so, anything goes, at least in certain places or contexts.
Easy b-easy stop classifying people by their bank accounts.
Classism is classifying people by their "bank accounts". What OP is asking is how to deal with being classified.
muh this involved with your spooksDo you go to fashion shows as well?
Nah, you're just stupid m8, or maybe you intentionally take pride in your ignorance. Knowing something about X and merely from sociological perspective at that doesn't mean valuing X.
classified by whom?if you have envy issues then you might get OP's feeling it's a state of mind anyway just stop comparing yourself to others, We aren't supposed to live by hollywood' shallow standards.
Classified by the world you live in. You can't tell Jews of the 20th century to just ignore race classifications. These classifications aren't merely ideologies that you can simply brush aside, they produce effects within reality.
Anon my sweet lovely anon judaism is a religion not a race. I already told you a state of mind there's your reality and their reality.
The religious aspect is all but dead as most American Jews are atheists whose main reason for maintaining the identity has more to do with the holocaust than the scriptures.
atheists!!!! kek believe in biblical nonsense "the promised Land" and support the occupation through lobbying and shit  whose main reason for maintaining the occupation of Palestine  fixed
I don't know, but apparently /pol/ goes to other boards to cope with it./pol/
Well there are two schools of thought on Zionism. One, the conservative one, is simply nationalism dressed up in religious language. The argument is that Jews need their own nation to take refuge in the event of another holocaust.The other is that the violence necessary to occupy Palestine is unacceptable for a people who recently experienced similar treatment themselves and that the conservative argument is a self-fulfilling prophecy that will lead to global resentment of Jews and another holocaust.Both views are concerned with survival as much as anything else.
They are usually one and the same.
So you're an escapist NEET?
Additionally, Jewish ethics have been influenced for centuries by the desire to stay out of the way and not get purged, hence rabbis teaching against self-defense, not because there's something wrong with killing another person under any circumstances, but because it could invite reprisals against the rest of the community.
They want you to die for the team! This is next level ideological group survival tactics. Why don't we just submit? We can't compete with this.
Have faith brother, Ben Garrison will find a way.
ahh to be young again, when things were enough
I think classism against the successful is getting to be a lot more of an issue than classism against the poor.
I thought this said "classicism" and I didn't understand because the obvious answer would be fapping.
this tbh
Every time I try to write I just feel cheesy. What am I doing wrong?
Write and read more.
Don't try to emulate others writing
Why would I continue to do something that makes me feel so uneasy?
Feel like I don't really have a mature dialogue. I sound like a pretentious douchebag when I'm writing it down.
It feels more natural when I believe I have an audience, but when I'm completely talking to myself I feel queer.Someone relate.
Write for you, If you don't like it rewrite it.Not everything you write is going to be solid gold, hell, most of it won't even be slag.Be persistent, develop ideas carefully and reign in the wild horses of your untempered creativity.
Or more accurately, imitate writers who actually resonate with you instead of ones who everyone else tells you are good.
You just see the fraud of it all, and most writers do feel like frauds when they read their own work.
You're trying to be serious when you're actually a cheeseball. Embrace new sincerity to embrace the new seriousness.
How not to write like a fraud? Write actual art? How do? Or just write philosophy?
Because you have to understand where is yours mistakes. Imagine writing as a musical instrument. If you don't play and practice you will never get good and you'll always sound poorly. Write, rewrite, read.Have patience and fun.
most of yall dont have enough real life experiences to warrant attempting to write fictional stories that are both realistic & natural. "read more books and write more" is some stupid advice because your writing will just end up being a reiteration of somebody else's own stories. keep a journal with you after a crazy night, and write down what you see, smell, feel all around you. writers who have no individual experience to write from are the most boring writers in the world. seems more like mental flexing AHEM david foster wallace rather than what writing should be... a faithful snapshot of unique, beautiful human moments hemingway!
Are you saying you think David Wallace was a boring writer?
OP, people pay good money for cheese. There's a lot of mice out there. Feed them, feed yourself.
Hemingway was also just mental masturbation, make no mistake I lke him, but, the only thing he brought from individual experience was a perpetual masculinity crisis.
You don't actually believe in the shit you are trying to say. You're just repeating other people.
Not rewriting.
Cos to be honest I get bored of reading your perception of smells - I know a smell - I don't need you to spoonfeed me the aromas of your musty armpits.To say David forsake such laborious descriptions in order to communicate something larger - to use larger, broader symbols in order to create a wider conversation between himself and, well, lets be honest, himself, would be a fairer assumption to make.But then you're dictating what writing should be, and I bet you don't write a single thing yourself, so..
DFW went into mental states you'll never experience, buddy. Imagine that you're road trip is no different from somebody sarying holled up in a cabin in solitude for 2 years as experience. Don't be narrow minded.
Fuck off weeabooJust keep on reading and writing, write for yourself and re-read after a month or two and give it an unbiased opinion; you're fine.
I have this story that I've created a deeply detailed structural blueprint for, an outline that shows the full scale of development of the world and the characters with all of the intertwining layers of meaning. I know exactly how I want each character to develop and all of the key moments of change in their life symbolized by certain visual cues that I've built into the idea. I know exactly how I want it to be from beginning to end.The issue I have is that I don't feel like my prose skill matches up with how I envision my story to be. I'm just not very good at actually constructing this story with conversational dialog and smaller moments.
That translation is TERRIBLE.But you're right, usually the worst writing is early on because all you're doing is mimicking others.
"Real life experiences" don't matter. Everyone has experiences from which they can draw. The writer's task is not to entertain the reader or teach him grand lessons about life. It's never about what the writer says, but how he says it.
shit heathens say
The only time I'm legitimately happy with something I write is when someone else gave me the prompt or idea for it. It's like I have a voice, and I've got nothing to say with it.
Never read a horror book before. Where do I start? Stephen King or what?
Edgar Allen Poe
Thomas Ligotti
Which books first
Pet Sematary by King.
King is okayI think I like Dan Simmons better"Night" and "The Terror" as well as "Song of Kali" are pretty goodonly King books I really liked were "Insomnia" the and the uncut version of "The Stand", never read the dark towers series though, I've heard they are his best works
The Terror is LONG. Good, but maybe not great for a first time horror reader. Try At the Mountains of Madness or anything by Ligotti
here's my two cents my negro. Poe had this idea that spoopy stories were better suited to short stories. The whole point of being spooped is that you undergo an emotional experience, and therefore it is important to become completely immersed in the story and read it all in one sitting. You need to experience it all at once in order to be properly spooped. I think he is right about that. I have been spooped by lots of short stories, but I can't think of any truly spoopy novels. I like Stephen King, but his stories aren't really that spoopy imoGood shorties:Poe stories Fall of House of UsherThe Great God Pan by what's his nameLovecraft stories I personally like Dreams in the Witch HouseAura by Carlos Fuentes not that spoopy but whateverStephen King's The JauntIf you are interested in the literary theory of spoopy lit, check out Edmund Burke's writings about "the sublime," which is an old timey way of saying "spoopy skellingtons."I loved The Terror. I felt like it was more of a gruesome adventure story though. It was suspenseful, but didn't keep up at night. Maybe his ghost stories are scarier?
Teatro Grottesco.The Nightmare Factory.The Shadow at the Bottom of the World.
LigottiPoe -- any collection of his stories will do to start.Algernon Blackwood -- any collection of his will do.Arthur Machen - The Three Imposters, The Great God Pan.Ramsay Campbell - his early novels up to and including Midnight Sun.Dan Simmons - Song of Kali, Carrion ComfortTED Klein - The Ceremonies, Dark Gods
Boku no Maineu
I read King's The Shining when I was but a lad. Couldn't use the shower without having panic attacks because my bathroom was well ventilated and breezes often moved the curtains. When I'd get scared enough, I'd swing my arm as hard as I could to knock the curtain back.One time my dad, in order to fuck with me, got a really long pole and started pushing on the curtains with it. I'd freak, strike it, and then there would be nobody. I hate you dad.
a really long pole
I've always enjoyed Lois Duncan.Though her books are really more suspense than horror, I guess.
dad pushed his really long pole at me in the shower
Ok, so I am a little bit disappointment, I'm 200 pages in and Im getting really sick of the author trying to shove Christianity down my throatI am an athiest, but not a fedora tipper, and I thought this man was an intellectual in the same movement as Nietzsche, but so far in this book all he has done is shown that the religious characters are good, and the non religious ones are barbaric and stupid. In addition to that the pace is so slow it can barley even hold my attention, I have no problem reading long novlesim the type of guy who completed the Harry Potter books withing 24 hours of their publishing, but this one just drags on and onShould I carry on reading it? Does it get better?
what you should try is reading fydors article on wiki, download one of those pics that explain the connections and relationships between the characters and go the fuck back to r/books.
Should I carry on reading it? Does it get better?don't bother it's wasted on you.sage
Maybe try again in a few years when you've matured a little, kid.
The funny thing is im smarter than both of you likely, I am an engineer Sorry I dont know very much about this particular authors history, keep praying to your skydaddy though and maybe one day you can be as successful and mature as me, kid
I have no problem reading long novlesim the type of guy who completed the Harry Potter books withing 24 hours of their publishing
You were misled OP. Dosto was an orthodox Christian. That being said, I thought the book was pretty fair to the non believing characters. I'm an atheist also but I liked the book for what it was.
Good troll, we're all very triggered right now.
Wow, you're an asshole. Leave this board fedora
im smarter than both of you likely, I am an engineer
6/10
I'm proud of you /lit/.
Name calling, and ad hominen attacks, I would expect better from an "intellectual" board", oh wait reading pretentious books and not understanding them doesn;t make you smart, and neither does your literature degree
I am an engineerkeep praying to your skydaddy though and maybe one day you can be as successful and mature as me, kidkek please post one more I'm dying
reading fydors article on wiki, download one of those pics that explain the connections and relationships between the characterswhoa, wait, how do I find one of these?I assume you are referring to the /lit/ wiki?
put a solid 20 hours into reading this book over the last 2 weeks350 pages inA-am I stupid? I swear I usually read faster than this
he's still postingpeople will still reply
Don't feel too bad about OP being smarter than you, he's an engineer.
You are so mad right now.
ignore pedants, read at the pace you feel comfortable with the information. You may get faster with practice but the important thing is to think about what you're reading.
Aloysha and Zosima are annoying whiny estrogen filled cunts, aren't they?They ruined the entire book for me.
I'm smarter than youbarleynovles
Enjoy going to hell
Eh, a few people believed you.I'd give this a 5/10.
*sigh*
Dostoevsky is really hard to read. It's like reading Kant.
It's like you've read up on this m8. That really requires some true dedication.
2015Not recognizing Talks and Homilies of Father Zosima is the GOAT chapter in this GOAT book.bu..but.. MUH GRAND INQUISITOR!
finish a paragraph"huh"re read it againand again
If you want to read religious ramblings why not just read the bible?
bait
grand inquisitor isn't even half as good as rebellion
Funny thing is engineers are far more likely to believe in things like creationism and intelligent design than real scientists.
im the type of guy who completed the Harry Potter books withing 24 hours of their publishing
nice b8 but tbh that's what you get for picking up tomes by moralfags barely familiar with the concept of editing
literature degree doesn't make you smartengineering degree makes me smartidiot
reciting back some socialist professors ideas in the form of 10 or 15 page essayssolving complex mathematical equations and solving real life issues, while designing real life solutions to actual problemsYou tell me which one seems more difficult
the courtroom scene is arguably one the best and most profound out of all world literature
Yeah you really solve loads with your A-Level maths don't you. I forgot that undergraduate students solve all our engineering crises you twat
and I thought this man was an intellectual in the same movement as Nietzschesage
realcomplexrealactualreal lifepure ideology
Why does that comment warrant a sage?Whats wrong with Nietzsche?
Whats wrong with Nietzsche?
le contrarian face
I am an atheist, but not a fedora tippermaximum tip achieved
Good memes guys
Holy shit you were serious? Dostoevsky is refuting Nietzsche in this novel trying to, they don't belong to the same 'movement' -- not to mention Nietzsche and arguably Dostoevsky didn't belong to any movements to speak of.
There are both existentialists
I'm smart everyone else is just too dumb to realize itredditnice bait OP
They are both proto-existentialists in the sense they influenced the same people, not that they were writing about the same things -- though there are some similarities.Also, sorry, thought your pic was to C&P, that's the novel relating to Nietzsche.
Nietzschean calling other people contrarianGOD IS DEAD AND BEING SELFISH IS GOOD NICE GUYS FINISH LAST PSSHHH NOTHING PERSONNEL KID
he author trying to shove Christianity down my throat. I am an athiest, but not a fedora tipper, and I thought this man was an intellectual in the same movement as Nietzsche, but so far in this book all he has done is shown that the religious characters are good, and the non religious ones are barbaric and stupid. Is this a troll and be honest
You're right. You are a little bit of a disappointment.
I skipped the Zossima chapters
!!!
7/10 nice mems ebin troling m8 ;
Holy shit, the pleb is strong in this post.Yes. You are a fedora-tipper. You realize that Ivan Karamazov is a strong atheist and that The Grand Inquisitor and it's preceding chapter bring up massive counterpoints against the morality of Christianity, right?If you think that Doestoevsky is shoving Christianity down your throat just because one of the characters is a devout Christian, then you are a total fucking retard.
What left-wing magazines and periodicals are worth subscribing to?
Cuckold Illustrated
In These Times, The New Inquiry, New Statesman
leftwingworth readingnope
actually agree with these retards for onceleft wing is far too dominant in popular culture
Left-winhs made by Jews. Wake up.
I'll make sure to check these out. Thanks.
And here's the butthurt leftie trying to portray everyone who disagrees with him as a Nazi.Ah, to be so simple minded.
Are there any real left-wing magazines? Most of the left-wing publications I have come across were actually liberal and not left-wing.
historical materialism
Ah, to be so simple minded.Well, what's it like?
BuzzFeed and the Huffington post are the faces of the modern political left
Lol their both shit then take the red-pill and find some shit that isn't made for sheep
Ask ur mum#rekt
I have a friend on Facebook who keeps linking Jacobin articles and from what I've seen they publish the dumbest shit.
Please no
The Nation is the only mainstream leftie publication worth taking seriously. Don't waste your time with the New Statesman and that liberal nonsense.
The BafflerThe New InquiryHarper's not openly ideological but mostly leftDissentJacobinThe Nation sometimes bad but often good
Laphams quarterly has a left wing slant. Harpers is good.new yorker is trash.
Proletarianby CPGB-MLRed PepperCeasefireAufhebenRevolutionary HistoryThose are what I'm subscribed to that are on the left. Though I must say the right-wing publications Im subbed to are exponentially better...but Im sure you arent interested in an eclectic knowledge you swine!
Endnotes & SIC
what is not made for sheep by your standards?
What are some good right wing ones?
+1 on the Baffler, it's a pretty good literary journal too
why would you care about what stalinists have to say
The Nationleftnot liberal trash
Anarchy: A Journal of Desire ArmedBlack SeedBlack and Green ReviewBaedanThe Fifth EstateCWC Rolling ThunderThe New Inquiry
His mother the fiery Colombanus in his holy zeal bestrodeIts am excerpt from the second chapter of Ulysses and its doing my head in.As I first read it over I was inclined to think Joyce is saying this kids Cyril Sargent mother was getting railed by Saint Colombanus and this poses many questions like why tf would St Colombanus be railing this kids mother and what kind of message/meaning/subtext is there to the zealful Saint on Mother action imagery . Then a friend said it has something to do with Colombanus' mother and his holy zeal to spread the word of our lawd and saviuuhhh jesus christ through Europe but wtf that has to do with anything I dunno.Help me out here
bump for interest
isn't columbanus gay? like a poetry writing for boipussy dhungry faggot?
In fact the whole paragraph has me kinda stumped... Foxes and snails and shit so if anyone care to enlighten me to exactly what Stephan is on about, pray tell
, 
