Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
Can we have a serious discussion about feminist literature without it degenerating into pic related?
No, fuck off.
No, because feminist literature is, as a whole, a gender-biased collection of assumptions with no regard for logic or realism. A chimp painting on a piece of butcher's paper with its own feces as a pigment constitutes a higher modicum of social understanding than feminist drivel.
That wouldn't be fun, would it? Back to tumblr, degenerate.
Has there ever been a board with a faster drop in quality than /lit/? This used to be one of the best boards and now it's below /v/ tier. Disappointing. What caused this? I saw /lit/ get semispammed on other boards for a while a few months back and now this place is broken beyond repair.
this board needs more rare pepes
I'm just on right now, but I quit even going on /lit/ a few weeks ago because i'm fucking sick of relentless christfagging, and absolutely no threads taking off/shitty threads being replied to endlessly. nobody talks about books or their contents. it's all memes, trolling and faggotry
Where did it all go so wrong? Did /pol/ come here when they got memed by moot? The posting is so similar to that shithole. Why /lit/ of all places?
Threads like this killed /lit/Good job OP, you absolute faggot.
moderators don't ban obvious trolling and the trolls drive out the good posters.
Some good content is hidden in those very slow threads that nobody cares to visit because most are unfamiliar with the topic or the author and thus don't even know how to shitpost.
stop having expectations
This.You could spend like ten minutes on here a dat to see the few good threads and go on your merry way.
Where did it all go so wrong?katiegate
This might be true. I've seen that image posted on other boards many times and it always gets a shitload of replies. I think it definitely increased awareness of /lit/ on other boards, which isn't a good thing.There's more memeing than ever on /lit/. We used to have a moderate level of memes but these days this place looks like [s4s]. Even old memes like DFW have really been kicked into overdrive and spammed more than they ever were. And to me that's suspicious: I don't think old posters suddenly decided to start posting an old meme more, it's that there's a newer group of posters who come here mainly to meme.Also mods do a shitty job of enforcing the no politics rule. Sometimes I get the suspicion that there's also a group of people who come here primarily to discuss their political ideologies, and they really bring the board quality down. I'm talking about /pol/, but also about their equivalent on the left.
This thread sure is helping!
That Booktuber image swarmed us with redditors. It gets reposted at least once every other week on one book subreddit or another.They routinely slip in and muck up the place, leaving behind a few stragglers each time.4chan used to birth memes through antics or as the ends of genuine conversation, now they're just forced. Do you think this comes from a natural development in board culture? Unfortunately not. It's the Redditors, who up until this point had been fed demotivational posters and doge memes to their little head's content. Upon arrival, they adopt the already established trends and force them again and again.You can watch the front page of either /r/4chan or /r/books. Every time that same fateful image reaches the front page, you can click back to /lit/ to find at least triple the prior amount of DFW-posting, SOIAF threads, and other memes that have been forced into mediocrity.Lo, it is cancer which dealt the final blow on this fuckhole.
You can easily ignore those meme threads and wait for the good ones on say Dostoevsky or Wolfe which don't get shat up by redditors.
I still don't even know what DFW is.
it stands fordat face when
Dostoevsky Fedorovich Wolfe
4chan used to birth memes through antics or as the ends of genuine conversation, now they're just forced.Yeah, that's the other thing. Not only are there more memes, but many of them are so blatantly forced.
why is /lit/ dropping in qualitySarkeesian picturefuck off
OYEAH, what obvious bait.
Relax it's just summer, same story.dat face when
a general's been on and off the front page for the last two daysthe beginning of the endrip /lit/ you once were ill
You're a good tripfag, have a nice one
all memes are to some extent forced you nigger
summerIt's been going on for quite some time.
I blame /tv/. The people who only use that board are probably the worst posters on this site. They think that they're above other hobbies and are part of some kind of elite because their board's shit jokes get spammed the hardest.

06/01/15Mon09:55:10Has there ever been a board with a faster drop in quality than /lit/? This used to be one of the best boardsYou're about five years off there, sport.
implying that select cultural units don't travel naturally and that they're not only made abnormal when acknowledged and selectively imposed on othersSomebody hasn't read The Selfish Gene.
Mention a better community of bookworms then.you can't 
Great Gatsbywell lucky that redditor just fucked off then
Ok guys, this has always been a nice board. This has always been the place where we could discuss things seriously when it's called for, but have some intricate memeing going on for the lulz and the occasional feel posts where people share their tfwngf bs with like minded people or the perks of being a humanities student and aspiring writer or a sellout stemfag, all fine, all fine.The memeing was always too post-modernist for outsiders to understand, everyone with its bit of truth, but with the average person failing to draw the line or to comprehend the layers of beauty and lulz in them.Translations, start with the greeks, he rapes his sister Phoebe, dfw no gf, stirnerposting, all cool.But you weren't satisfied? Were you? You had to try to go and create more funny memes, DFW with funny faces, more rare Stirners, banalize Stirner's views to the point that angry teenagers can relate all too well.Now I know it's tempting to create a meme that is funny for the layman while keeping some finesse that can still be appreciated. And I know too well that the fame is also tempting cause you are all starving for audience pussy.But I always thought this board was patrician enough to not give in to such commonplace aspirations, I guess I was wrong.Thanks to your weakness we now have the dankest memes and are the cool kids in this website. And one plague at time is crawling in, as if dealing with /pol/'s stupidity wasn't already too bad.First came /r9k/ trying to catch up with the may mays. But their usual lack of understanding is actually cute and they are somewhat contained when they are not at their home, so not actually a problem, but a warning, one that you all chose to ignore.Then came /mu/ with a bunch of people who have never read a book but has a "I'm so patrician cause I listen to Neutral Milk Asylum" mindset and intends to learn how to read by picking Ulysses or Gravity's Rainbow. Which starts to get annoying, cause instead of just picking the goddamn book, reading it and discovering how foolish they are, they have to argue all day in this board about how they surely can do that first. But you guys didn't stop anyway.Now /soc/ cancer is here as well, congratulations, I hope you all die in hell. Thanks for the menes though, it was good while it lasted.I'll just wait til /tv/ joins them and this board becomes /ya/ so I can leave for good while laughing at our own disgrace.
faster drop in quality than /lit/? now it's below /v/ tier.See? you're five years late.
If I take off this bandanna will you die, though?
Now /soc/ cancer is here as well, congratulations, I hope you all die in hell.are those the ones who create '' the faces of /lit/ ?''
/lit/gfpost-modernismlayers of beautyClose enough, I guess.The next board to jump in the fray will be /lgbt/, mark my words. Liberal politics is already pushing it, but we're going to see a second coming.Avatarfagging isn't any more acceptable now than it was five hours ago.I'm just going to continue reporting you in hopes that a mod sees two of your posts consecutively and makes the connection.
Isn't /tv/ responsible for the avatarfagging? DFW, booktubers, You're pretty much right, but audience pussy is a neo-meme. That quote was known on this board for years before some crossposter found out about it and decided to make it a new epic DFW meme.
Liberal politics is already pushing it, but we're going to see a second coming./lit/ was always quite liberalI for one, can't wait for the day that /pol/shit has become so common that the 4chan contrarians all become liberals. It's bound to happen soon.
nice copypasta mate 8/10
which thread do you think of when you talk about this crossposteri want to know, specifically
/tv/?Nah, sorry I'm one of you. Just with faggotryWhat do I care? This entire thread should be deleted, call the mods. Call the mods, ho.
Liberal politics is already pushing itayy die scum
Christianity is kind of hard to get out of. Things might not swing hard enough to shake them.Also I think the contrarians are largely responding to IRL stuff more than internet politics so unless we start seeing those far right movements in Europe actually succeeding and running countries I don't see this place becoming liberal.
Let me rephrase thatNew-liberals, people enforcing ambiguous pronouns, MtF book requests increasing ten fold, and useless shitflinging at anybody who has a different opinion rather than rational debate. These are the trademarks of the mentally ill board. It'll be subtle, but you'll notice it.I'm one of youNo you aren't. You just started posting a few days ago. You belong somewhere else.See above
The board has got more attention. When something gets popular it turns to shit. Doesn't help that most people here are mostly just beginning their interest in literature or haven't been into it for a long time.
/lit/ used to be more skeptical and open to discussion, though. Now you get a lot of people locked into liberal dogma that might as well be drawn straight from Huffington Post headlines or Twitter hasthags, and the discussion in politics threads is /pol/-tier just a bunch of people talking at each other with everyone thoroughly convinced of their own infallible correctness.
And it probably has one of the best philosophy discussions this board has ever seen. Generals here feel like an improvement.
just started posting a few days agoand everybody obsessed with  right now started posting this weekend.Anonymity does that.
How many people on /lit/ have really read the Greeks and are intimately familiar with the Western Canon? I haven't even finished the Gutenberg Library.The problem is probably people coming here who don't intend to discuss literature, rather than people who don't know it well enough.
I said specifically mate.
I'm not the other guy. multiple people against a avatarfag from tumblr who hasn't made a single useful contribution in almost a week of shitpostingshocker, eh?
Here we have prime shitposters. "christfagging".Someone has got triggered by people not being enlightened by their own intelligence?
Do you literally think people belong to one board like a nationality? I browse about five pretty equally.
avatarfagits at least two people
 remember when lit was good xdNever happened, get over it
Look at , I said 'them'. I'm not a practicing Christian, I just don't think that people are likely to adopt and/or heavily research a religion for the sake of shitposting.
this, people should have just called out OP on being a redditor and get over it
was there supposed to be another return there?i'm talking about how he seems to think a crossposter was the one who blew up the 'audience pussy' memepretty sure it was this thread he meantnot, correct me, whoever you are
I literally pretended to be a christian on an anonymous image board one hour ago. Since I went to a christian school and it was a subject everyone had to do I know more than enough to shitpost.
so, catholic socialism failed, is islamic socialism to follow?
Well okay then, but I imagine you can't have had that much to go off of if you aren't enthusiastic about it.The christposters who I find most prominent are the ones who write massive text-walls on Aquinas
it's easy to pontificate about Aquinas because of his massive legacy and how tightly bound he is to doctrine. I've not read any of his works, I've only seen a documentary about him, and I could probably do a decent job of Aquinasposting.
Exodus to 8/lit/ when?
/lit/ has its ups and downs8/lit/ already dead maybe exodus to ideal city
not liking rare stirners
No one on /lit/ likes my memes anymore
Muammar Muhammad Abu Minyar al-Gaddafi did that but America didn't like it too much.
Funny enough the same thing happened to /tv/.I mean, it never was an amazing board but having a proper discussion about quality films and filmmaking has become impossible.
layers, man. layers
genrefags still get it hard here, i wouldnt worry
/tv/ poster spotted. If you post on /tv/ you are literary a pile of dogshit wit ha keyboard.There is not a single serious thread there, ever.The moment anyone posts something intelligent it gets pushed out and archived as a result of casual garbage.
Why does /lit/ become so doomy when some people start saying things non-leftist?
That's just 4chan in general, other than like /pol/anti-/pol/ shitposting aka anything associated with being right-wing is a meme
It has been a Marxist hugbox pretty much since its inception.
First I lurked /tv/, but no good movies or cinema theory was ever discussed so I jumped to /lit/. Now it too is becoming a meme fest.Where do i go next?
r/literature, i go there for discussion and here for the bantz
/g/
what's ideal city?
First they came from /mu/, and I didn't speak out. Then they came from /pol/, and I didn't speak out. Then they came from /tv/, and I didn't speak out. Then Reddit came, and there was no one left to speak for me.
r/badphilosophyoh wait you're probably already there.
HAHAHAHAThat's it anons, this board is over.
more like r/badliterarystudies
muh precious secret club
I've been reading Nietzsche for a few months now.All memes aside, holy fucking shit, it is almost frightening how smart he is.
Where do I start with Nietschschze?
Beyond Good and Evili hope you've read kant and schopenhauer
Nietzsche never read Kant, his conception of Kant is through Schopenhauer's interpretation
Why do you think he is smart?
well do the other interpretations differ with respect to the issues of a priori moral values in kants work?
Nietzsche recommends you read chronologically through his works.I recommend reading Homer before him, because all of his work is so entrenched in it.

Nietzsche read parts of Kant, but yes, his stance on Kant is similar to Schopenhauer.He never read Hegel.
He possessed great psychological acuity, to be surePapa Siggy credited him as having more penetrating knowledge of himself than any man who ever lived or was likely to live, which coming from him is a nice compliment
Tbh it doesn't really matter. Just remember that all his works are connected to one another. On the Genealogy of Morals is probably his most highly regarded work.
On the Genealogy of Morals is probably his most highly regarded work.Because it's his only work that deals with something that isn't abstract garbage.
I read both Schopenhauer and Kant post-Nietzsche and I didn't miss that much. A brief introduction would suffice, at least reading Schopenhauer's key essays his highly recommendable.
Le contrarian face XD
How is that contrarian? That is the view of the majority of university philosophy departments.
Prove to me that is factual
Schacht, Richard, ed. Nietzsche, Genealogy, Morality: Essays on Nietzsche's Genealogy of Morals. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1994.
Give me the portion of the text that supports what you have claimed.I'm not going to read a whole article when you can just as easily show me the specific portion of the text.
Nietzsche's dead, dude
I'm not going to read a whole articleWhy? Is it too hard for you?
I am not going to waste my time reading it unless you give me the specific portion of the text that supports what you have claimed.If you fail to do this in the next reply I will stop responding to you.
waste my timereading This board is not for you.
I demand to be spoonfed everything because my ADD-riddled brain can't support the idea I might have to actually research something myselfEat too much Play-Doh in school yesterday, kiddo?
He looks like a walrus.
You have nothing to back your position with, fucking childish morons!
Please don't use ad hominems on an intellectual website.
structuralismpost-structuralismWhat's the deal with people's sudden obsession with this? In the last two years I keep seeing it all the time on 4chan. And I heard it in real life a few times too, used by "hipsters" it's a meaningless buzzword, but I don't know what to call them and nerdy suburban white teenagers. Seems like ever since this Derrida guy got more popular and acknowledged, all the kids have been talking about this and name-dropping this "le epic structuralism" and "post-structuralism". Is post-structuralism an epic new meme?Why do people keep using this so much? Is it to show that they know a new word or something? To seem cultured? Can someone explain this to me? And what exactly are these terms? Why are they being mentioned so often? And is it somehow related to "deconstruction" and what is that?, I read that no one knows, not even the guy who coined the term? And what do people usually refer to when they mention structuralism or post-structuralism? What areas/activities or studies? Is it related to philosophy? Is it a movement in philosophy? Is it related to arts? Literature? Sociology? Psychology? What is it? Is it somehow related to modernism and metamodernism? What books should I read to learn more about it?Am I first supposed to start with the Greeks, all le ancient philosophers, then all the relevant philosophers in the last 1000 years, you know, Kant, Heidegger Foucault, Saussure, Descartes, Locke, Marx, Hegel, Sartre and everyone else? If that's the case then forget about it. But I doubt any of you actually read works from all of them and are still capable of understanding post-structuralism.
in the last two yearsnewPeople have a lot of gripes with some post modern concepts, mainly the turboconservative 4chan crowd. Then there's the fact some of the stuff legitimately doesn't make sense, but every philosopher has portions of their work that are retarded, postmodernists are just a little bit dumber.
It's very popular in the liberal arts and that filters down to hipsters who want to keep talking about the liberal arts after they conclude their four-year mission and return to Deep Space 9 to suck Worf's dick forever
If I can't understand books then nobody can. Getting familiar with philosophy is easy it just takes a few years.
If you think it's new you're either 14 or have been living under a rock. It's been huge since the 70s. It was a movement in philosophy that great influenced literary theory and other areas of the humanities, and, through misunderstanding and general idiocy, turned it into a circus of intellectual masturbation. It's largely on the wane though, thank God, are people are starting to get the hang of what people like Derrida ACTUALLY said. If you want to get into it you should have a bit of knowledge of Hegel and Heidegger at the very least then read Foucault or Derrida.
“Society is elitist,” says Lacan. The characteristic theme of de Selby’s model of dialectic discourse is the meaninglessness, and some would say the economy, of subcapitalist sexual identity. It could be said that Foucault suggests the use of Sartreist absurdity to attack capitalism.In the works of Madonna, a predominant concept is the distinction between masculine and feminine. If textual discourse holds, we have to choose between dialectic postsemanticist theory and textual Marxism. However, Parry implies that the works of Madonna are reminiscent of Tarantino.Sartre uses the term ‘textual discourse’ to denote a mythopoetical paradox. It could be said that Marx’s essay on Sartreist absurdity states that the purpose of the writer is deconstruction.If Marxism holds, we have to choose between the dialectic paradigm of reality and subtextual capitalist theory. In a sense, the premise of Marxism implies that consensus must come from the collective unconscious.Finnis suggests that we have to choose between textual discourse and posttextual feminism. But Foucault’s model of Marxism states that government is capable of truth.“Class is part of the stasis of art,” says Lyotard; however, according to Dahmus, it is not so much class that is part of the stasis of art, but rather the collapse, and subsequent genre, of class. If modern precultural theory holds, we have to choose between Sartreist absurdity and dialectic discourse. It could be said that many situationisms concerning textual discourse may be found.In the works of Rushdie, a predominant concept is the concept of subpatriarchialist reality. Lacan uses the term ‘Marxism’ to denote the role of the poet as artist. Thus, the subject is interpolated into a Sartreist absurdity that includes consciousness as a totality.Marx promotes the use of Marxism to modify society. It could be said that the subject is contextualised into a Sartreist absurdity that includes narrativity as a whole.Lacan suggests the use of the capitalist paradigm of consensus to deconstruct sexism. However, Lyotard uses the term ‘Marxism’ to denote not discourse, but neodiscourse.The subject is interpolated into a Sartreist absurdity that includes consciousness as a totality. It could be said that Lacan promotes the use of Marxism to read and analyse class.
It's been huge since the 70shugeremains largely unread and/or not understood by the general public
Just like everything else in philosophy. I obviously meant in academia.
Those who speak of "post-structuralism" in most cases haven't read a lot of texts by the authors that they have in mind. It's a bit of a misleading grouping and label.So you could make a hyperbole out of that and say that yes, people talking about "post-structuralism" are indeed hipsters.
It's largely on the wane thoughlol according to who
lol fuck you OP and fuck the average person. story time:i went on reddit yesterday and read some thread about weird fetishes and 99% of the replies were horseshit evolutionary psychology. "you see, my fellow supreme gents, the wires of the brain which detect genitals and feet are crossed and this is why feet fetish exist." or "you see, my fellow enlightened virgins, we are attracted to gore because it signals vulnerability and we are protectors by nature." thats the average "intelligent" rationalist for you. those are always the faggots who shit on postmodernism, too. so go fuck yourself OP. this shit isn't for you.
Not that anon, but contemporary philosophers are turning away from what those selected thinkers were doing. Now you've got Žižek, Badiou, Meillassoux, which are all critiquing it. Someone might bring up Agamben as a counter-argument but he's more of a mixture of many things.That doesn't mean the thing is dead of course, it's just not in the academic and public spotlight anymore, yet I have a feeling that it is now actually one of the main reading materials for more active resistance groups e.g. The Invisible Committee.
99% of the replies were horseshit evolutionary psychologyDamn, I forgot how much the pig trough smells. Not that this place is much better, it's just easier to not take it seriously because it's all soaked in irony and cynicism.
Sokal
mfw people on /d/ get the sneaky suspicion in me that I have weird fetishes because I bumped my head as a kid
it's a new thing and uselessthey are methods given like 100 years ago that define almost all philosophy after and before into new lensesit's the method that kills nietzsche, freud, marx, whatever structured analysis without auto-critiquesage and read this
Yes, this is how some American academics write, those same American academics that produced very bad interpretations of those authors.But that is not the style or content of the primary sources.
Meh, again that American textbook interpretation that reads every French author through the lens of a shallow reading of Derrida.
think of it like those quantum physics for 5 years old who actually give a lot of false information but can put things in context
This is almost harder to read than the primary sources.
quantum physics videos* holy shit
How is this related to structuralism? Or is it all somehow connected, I don't even.
Just curious, but what do you consider 'shallow' about it?
It is concentrated too much on Derrida's relation to Saussure, and the same goes for their reading of structuralism. They should be reading Husserl, Heidegger, and Hegel, as well as Nietzsche, Freud, and Benjamin.For example, Saussure is in his Of Grammatology actually a rather minor figure among all other linguists that are dealt with in the first part. And out of his main texts this one probably deals with Saussure most directly. While on the other hand you can see especially Heidegger and Nietzsche in almost every sentence that he writes.
for anyone who didn't get the joke
OH GODthis is great
the fuckers who laugh at these french philosophers because they can't understand them and they don't try neither are the most autistic people. What a wonderful and precious thing the philosophy would be without all that people.
It's all about post-post-structuralism now, there is nothing but the
please spoon feed meNo.
I read quite a bit of continental philosophy and while even I can sometimes get a little exasperatedly giggly when reading Derrida or Deleuze or Agamben, this is quite obviously a piece of mumbo-jumbo generated by someone or something that isn't actually attempting to say anything in its own right.
i went on reddit yesterday D R O P P E D
What's even more embarrassing is how /lit/ is so deaf to what's actually occurring in theory and philosophical discourse that they talk about new sincerity or make dopey jokes like this 
Same. Even politicians know better than to disclose their tax records.
where can i hang out on the internet for proper talk on trends in philosophy??
help
structuralism and post-structuralism are for people who don't understand Korzybski.
Okay, real talk timeStructuralism is about how any element of human cultures fits into a larger "structure". Chomsky was ironically ass-blasted at structuralists while he was saying roughly the same thing. Its mostly a sociological school and lots of armchair psychology. Post-structuralism is what most people are aware of to some extent. derrida and the whole gang and a bunch of feminists. They were more philosophical in their leaning. They are responding to the idea that there are overarching structures, or critiquing that idea. This leads much of their work to feel almost "pointless" or like everything is meaningless because the original idea was to show how these "structures" are actually fabricated, by: communism, power, society, blah blah blah They should not be considered to be saying the same thing, most post-structuralists disagree incredibly on almost anything. The only thing that unites them is that they are in some way criticizing the ideas of whatever "structure" they are talking about. usually about how it is constructed, or arbitrary or could be better whatever. Deconstruction is about everything being a sign and "deconstructing" is basically analyzing something by breaking it down; people often get confused by Derrida and rightfully so because he is truly incomprehensible unless you have a degree. This causes many people to get upset or outright angry when they cant read his Wiki page and know enough to talk about him. He is mostly harmless if you bother to read him, i suggest writing and difference as its not so bad a read. The biggest thing about post/structuralism and deconstruction is that all these theories do not shy away from being very wordy. They are not made for the average guy; they are often talking interdisciplinary and none of them agree and they all use their own terms that they argue are slightly different one way or the other. It adds up fast and suddenly if you dont know where to start it seems incomprehensible. Not all of it is that bad or edgy. The marx streak in a couple of the big names is about as edgy as things get besides the feminists; and LOL at people trending on this shit. I highly doubt that will ever happen, it gets tossed around in sociology classrooms and thats about it. The chances of coming across someone who actually reads any of this shit is practically 0 unless they have a genuine interest in some sort of structural dismantling or literary criticism.

I think many of us have gone on that search and come back here empty handed. Good longer posts are generally written in unpopular threads about less known thinkers or topics.
I'm trying to understand Structuralism. I'm reading Critical Theory Toady by Lois Tyson.Tyson says that a structure must have these properties:1. Wholeness - "...the system functions as a unit...it's not merely a collection of independent items."2. Transformation - "...the system is not static...new material is always being structured by the system."3. Self-regulation - "...the transformations of which a structure is capable never lead beyond its own structural system. The elements engendered by transformations for example, new linguistic utterances always belong to the system and obey its laws."My questions:The book gives the concept of vegetables as an example of a structure. If we discovered every single plant and there were no more to be classified, would it not stop being a structure since it is no longer transforming new material?I don't understand the self-regulation property. Does anyone have an example of something that would otherwise be a structure, if not for the fact that it doesn't fulfill the requirement of self-regulation?
is luhmann a thing here?
This, to some extent.Structuralism is regurgitated GS. View structuralism as a paraphrasing of GS, and GS to expand upon the issues.2. Transformation - "...the system is not static...new material is always being structured by the system."The book gives the concept of vegetables as an example of a structure. If we discovered every single plant and there were no more to be classified, would it not stop being a structure since it is no longer transforming new material?Structure is 'descriptive' not inherent. With vegetables, it has no relevance if you discover more plants or not, as the structure you have is always capable of potential transformation: the way you describe a carrot and the subsequent linguistic structural model of a carrot you have may transform tomorrow when some new data is collected about some minor aspect at the sub-atomic level that impacts the entire model. The point is, and this is crucial, you never posses all the variables, so the potential for transformation is usually there. I don't understand the self-regulation property.Essentially, you're shackled to language. You can never leave language. a structural system has internal consistency relative to itself, and can undergo rigorous reformation. Just like the carrot above; addition of new information linguistic descriptions will transform the structure, and the structure of the conceptual carrot is being self-regulated and refined.
What I do not understand is why do all the ancient cultures did not notice-structuralism-post-sturcturalismsince they faced far more diversity than us.Even a few centuries ago, the countries in europe were disparate with so various languages, believes, cuisines, activities etc. that you could not miss it.
What I do not understand is why do all the ancient cultures did not notice-structuralism"The concept of self-ness is a man made structure""We could describe a human through five linguistic structures called skandas, each a structure by itself within the same framework."--Gautama Buddha 600BC-ish
yes, but the greeks and the cultures before were confronted to many non-greeks, and apparently they never came up with post-structuralism, in assuming that a flavor of the structuralism was somehow already part of their time
O N T O T H E O L O G Y
You're right, but the 'american textbook interpretation' isn't so much Derrida in relation to Saussure, as it is Derrida as different from Saussure. Most importantly, it defines post-structuralism by what it is not, and thus is still reliant on the interdependency of the constituents within the closed system of language. This can either be a good thing or a bad thing; it makes textual analysis a much more insightful operation, but it also results in the kind of oedipal obsession which has plagued criticism for far too long.
structuralism = structures everywhere!post-structuralism = now lets take these structures apart!kind of a massive oversimplification, don't you think? also plenty of people read post-structuralism. In fact the majority of contemporary english and humanities departments at university are almost entirely indebted to new criticism
O N T O T H E O L O G YI read do you link this to the greek unable to produce a theory of the post-structure?
, 
/lit/, I have never read poetry besides what I had to read in high school and am interested in it now.If I do not know anything about poetry, is there one book to go to to learn how to understand poetry? Meter, rhyme, all of that?
Understanding poetry
For an absolute beginner, perhaps try that Stephen Fry book, The Ode Less Travelled. Personally I just picked it up as I went along, though.
OP is talking about understanding the format, it seems, not so much the content.
Why should one study philosophy? What are its benefits?What is the point of studying philosophy in the modern era?
If you study philosophy, you can be better at pseudo-philosophizing plebs, so when some pothead tries to talk about philosophy when he's only learned about it from those "philosophy for idiots" videos on youtube, or when some fedora man tells you that reading Plato is useless because he's not scientific like the real smarties in the world, you can tell them how full of shit they are and that they've got everything wrong.Studying philosophy will make you a better person.
you must more live philosophically, than to learn philosophy.-to live the good life-to create new conceptsyou will question thoughts, speeches and actions of every body, yours included.what are the difficulties/problems ?why are they difficulties/problems ?what are the solutions ?why are they solutions ?What are the necessities ?what are the sufficiences ?what are the causes ? what are the effects ?what are the means ? what are the goals ?And it appears that, without even discussing the solutions nor the logics and motivations of the causes and the effects, most of the problems that people discuss IRL or in their books, are vapid, incomplete, foreign.To learn philosophy is to learn why such or such philosopher created such and such concepts against such and such problems.
For fun
to become a better Human Being
To get a better perspective and breadth in your view of everything around you.Its pure curiosity.Its beyond science, beyond a career, beyond the goals dictated by whatever society you are living in.Its also a way to shed propaganda and certitudes.Its a tool for more constructive thinking, for being able to make sense of everything around you.
Including your desires and why you desire what you desire.Why you want what you want. Why is this or that problematic. Why is it that on some topics you seem to be able to agree and disagree with both sides?Its a way of becoming more conscious of everything, including yourself.
Only right answer
but how does it make someone a better person?
These
This
To distract yourself from the nagging thought that you're perhaps just a little bit too stupid to understand science
This b8 is too bad m8, nobody actually finds science too hard. Most find it too plain, too easy and too understandable to get interested on it.
This. Someone tell Kripke to take a biology class. Idiot.
what is the point of studying philosophy..?How can you proclaim to think when you don't even know how to frame your thoughts?
There's no end to the benefits. You'll understand much more and be able to see through much more bullshit. You'll also realize that virtually everything is posturing and nobody really knows all that much about anything
Study philosophy if you are interested in philosophy, it will be fun.
i kekd
Feel and look smart.
The relevant questions in philosophy have been handed over to physics and sociobiology. Philosophy as history of human understanding is interesting though.
How can you learn to frame your thoughts when you can't think?
How can thought be real if our ideas aren't real?
The relevant questions in philosophy have been handed over to physics and sociobiology.What physics and sociobiology say about meaning of life?
That's not even a relevant question in philosophy
What is the meaning of spiral galaxies?
implying your opinion of relevance is relevant
implying it isn't
Are you mentally ill? Have you ever read philosophy?
No one gives a fuck about it anymore. Philosophy has moved on from circlejerking over shit ethics.
There's no benefit from studying philosophy, thats why you need to study it
For someone that can translate between arabic and greek, this is a stupendous question
so that you can genuinely type 69deep420me ironically on a Liechtensteinian lithography image-swapping board

So that you can make dank memes on /lit which only a few people can understand.
Studying philosophy is funBeing a philosopher is the grandest joy.
So I can be up to date with the latest dank stirner memes
i wouldn't bother with philosophy, just shut up, do what you're told, and work for someone else and have 2 kids, a wife, and a house with a two-car garage.
It doesn't give you solace?
Pic related.
It makes you a better person because you stopping pseudo-intellectuals. Which helps everyone.
Freedom from disturbance. I can't remember the Greek word but it starts with an A. Sorry people are responding to the stem b8 in your thread OP :
this
You know how some people like a really tidy house and care about decorating and furniture? Some people care about the interior of their mind and the ideas, and philosophy is important for that at the very least.
rofl dude you realize that socrates was literally criticizing sophists rhetoricians here as almost diametrically opposed to philosophers?
ataraxia is the word you're looking for. If you have no interest in being self-aware or being aware of the intellectual tradition that has shaped the west, then you should look at philosophy as kind of like working out for your brain. It really does make you sharper/smarter. If you don't have any interest in that then you are a fucking retard.
so you can date hipster girls that wear skirts and tightsits audience pussy or bust
god u must be an insufferable character
I'm to die for.
i'm pretty sure the moral of that passage is that unless you study philosophy you'll end up as stupid as gorgias
kek
Why should one study philosophy? What are its benefits?What is the point of studying philosophy in the modern era?In learning philosophy you may discover that you must make any meaning you wish to exist in the world. You may choose to continue studying philosophy to BOTH increase your understanding of meaning and how to create it AND as a way to create and understand meaning. Or you might not.
Gee, I dunno OP.
u apply philosophy to contemporary culture/society/events, etc and out comes money

all these fields eating at mcdonaldsphilosopher only one making moneysounds about right

amerifats are proud of the fact that there is no place in their society for education

having 2 kidsnot having 2.5 kids2015

Jesus Christ can you even try
whew summer summer summer time fun
The difference between sophists and philosophers is an artificial one for PR purposes by Plato. Philosophy is essentially rhetoric that has tricked people into believing it's more than rhetoric. But it doesn't matter what Socrates thinks, the excerpt shows how being a philosopher/sophist gives you the upper hand.
onedon't do that
Plato admitted to being a sophist multiple times in the dialogues. You should read em
plato being present in his own dialoguesMaybe you should read them.
Socrates is Plato retard
Where to start ?
'Human being' does not need to be capitalised, matey.
That it is an entry level question and the answer is, there is no meaning. Why would a by-product such as life have a purpose?
the Greeks

It's a gateway to math.
That's an overly simplistic reading of the dialogues, silly.
No, he's right. Socrates was just a pseudonym Plato used.
Quine // Foucalt *•~fuckin seriously~•*
and more accurately ?

Will the new Macbeth movie rival Polanski's
Not watching that, just tell me why I should hate it.
yesgood moby dick adaptation when
Did I get a messed up copy of Macbeth with half the pages missing? What was that?
Why do all these hack directors think they're smarter than Shakespeare?
Why do you think they are trying to be smarter than him?
I think it looks fucking cool, digging the atonal horror strings over the satanic coronation
lmao @ the battle scenes
Cinematography looks astonishing
Is that thing from the op pic in the movie? Trailer looks retarded as fuck.
Is that thing from the op pic in the movie?if you're american this better be bait
Considering what time it is in America, I doubt it.They're the US president's daughter.
I thought Fassbinder died.
But I liked the version with Gregory Peck. Then again, I didn't read the book.
What the fuck is this shit? Do they think people go to a Shakespeare adaptation for the pseudo-300 battles and mediocre original dialogue?
People go to Shakespeare adaptations in order to say they watched Shakespeare. They want to have made it to the end of "the original GoT" without being bamboozled by a couplet. They want the cultural fast track.
who is this anali somali?
moby dick is one of those books that just wouldn't feel complete as a movie. a lot of what makes it so good is how Melville describes things and Ishmaels running monologues. on screen it would lose a lot of its poetic qualities and just be a big ocean epic, which doesn't match what Hollywood is going with right now. the 1956 movie was ok but it suffers from what I just described. Moby Dick is my favorite book, and if somehow someone could pull it off I'd love to see a good movie, I just don't see how it could be done while keeping everything great about the book.tl;dr: some books just don't translate to screen without losing what makes them so great. Moby Dick is one of those books.
nothing will top throne of blood
Looks like every other Hollywood movie since the invention of Aftereffects
who is the terrence malick of literature?
my filthy shit-pipe
Cormac McCarthy
Write what's on your mind
"If this thread was on reddit, I would downvote it"
これメルドは何ですかHeeeeeyaheeeeey, koremerdewanandesuka?
These chicken fingers are delicious Plato's early dialogues are surprisingly fucking tedious holy shit I love Star Trek even though to be honest like half the episodes are pretty shitty
Steve McQueen jumped the first one clean, but the great escape he'd tried to make was not to be. Maybe next time, Steve.
 macaronic languageO dieu qu'il m'a donnée la souffrance have mercy on me. O lawd
the regan girl /lit/ is obsessed with started coming here yesterday is a shittier version of fantano with a weirder, more sexualized cult-following, and a very less nuanced intellectual grasp of the art she's reviewing than fantano has.
would hang out withhave you read euthyphro
in fairness, I've been coming here for years, and this is literally the first time I've seen this personyou're not wrong, tho
"Something interesting should happen already"
started coming here yesterdayProve it mister.
I wish I enjoyed readingas much as I enjoy reading the Internet. It's embarrassing.
first impressions of /lit/:1. dfw is nothing more than a meme2. everybody loves themselves some buzzwords3. YA is pathetic, and john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoying4. existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.
Ditto friend.
She's not trying to be fantano or even a shitty Marcel with some sort of critical aspiration. She's just some person talking about books she likes and /lit/ losers fap to that.Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"
I have an appointment in the afternoon, I don't know when.If I fail to attend, these people will stop the money I get from the government for being a shut-in with behavioural problems.This is fair, as I've entered into a contract with them, however, I'm not as concerned about this as I'm told I should be.As I retreat more into my own personal fantasy, it becomes harder to concentrate on real things, and they begin to seem distant and unimportant, like that scream from the street that you shut out at four AM, and turn over in your bed to forget.I'll miss the money, next week, of course, but I can rationalize it all away, even knowing deep down I just didn't want to get out of bed.
I'm excited to read more books.
I like reading and writing, so why does english class suck classical english dick so much?
Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"relative to that chick, yes. honestly though, he devotes a ridiculous amount of time to music, and has cultivated a fantastic sense of taste which he always backs up logic and thoughtfulness. I might not always agree with him, but I always can always be like "hm. I understand where he's coming from."
I just finished reading The Metamorphasis, In the Penal Colony, and numerous other Kafka short stories. I feel like I have a solid grasp on them, but am putting off starting The Trail because while I find his works to be extremely high quality, I don't really enjoy reading them.I always like reading non-fiction, the news, or textbooks because I am interested by events, I just have a hard time getting into a story that really has no bearing on the real world, but idk maybe I'm a giant fucking pleb ;^/
The dfw memeing is post-post-irony
Today at work a guy who had quit was visiting to say hi and when I went up to greet him he was very unfriendly to me and I can't stop thinking about this it's really bothering me ..
nearly this same thing happened to me yesterday. Except I think I was the mean one. I can't tell a lot of the time
I'm starting to fall for the other woman.
I don't really believe a thing she says. Another girl is involved and, while I look forward to interrogating her a real skill of mine, I almost don't want to hear what I know to be the truth I told myself that if it turns out she wasn't lying, I'd really go for her and treat her right. But I think that's just a part of the game I play with myself. Life is lacking in momentum. Though I have a tendency toward control and hunger for knowledge I've used a girl not liking to admit she's raped as a control experiment to see if she was lying about something else, going back and forth between the two, I've realized that a visceral life is more stimulating I think the favorite moment in my life so far was a year ago. Being drunk for a few days straight, each sip feeling amazing. She was this good looking, kind of man eating slut that I was intimidated by. We were listening to a lot of Lana Del Rey that day and she'd sing along 'RyAnn!' replacing the song's 'My Mann'That morning we had woke up at 3am, drunk, and started drinking. She said she was never going to get married, and I told her I was going to marry her. That day she called her mom and said she was going to marry meI don't think I've ever loved anything as much as I loved her that daySoon after the story above I lost my job, then, because of the girl, I kind went crazy, got 5150'd and kicked outThis habit of mine might get in the way of my urge to make money, but I think the thought of doing this on a grander scale is arousingI found it weird that he was a fag
I should go to sleep so I'm not so tired that I show up late to my new job again. I really want to play some games though.I really want to fuck my roommate/ex HS crush again. Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?I really want to fuck in general, actually, but she's around and we've fucked before, sooo...I should read something so I can participate in /lit/ discussions at some point. Or at least recognize who's spewing bullshit more effectively.I'm experiencing mental tension with my job even though the work isn't slimy or even profiting anyone directly yet. This may be a broader tension with working in general. This may be a broader yet tension with having a consistent schedule and approaching financial comfort. That shouldn't produce tension, should it?My poetry feels like a waste of time but I'm still compelled to write.
I have a strong desire to start writing short stories but lack the experience to even know where to start and have to much fear of producing shallow trash.
should I close this thread or reply to somebody's post? I feel like telling the poster above me that a journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step, but I guess I won't. Oh well, I hope they figure it out on their own. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now.
"I was frozen, today"With Debussy in the background

I feel kind of guilty for not reading anything in a long time. I feel like if I bought an e-reader it would motivate me, but I can't really justify spending the money on a new gadget I might not even use much. I'm pretty torn.
What if Las Vegas wasn't just a tourist trap, but a time traveler trap?
Das it manI was at about 45min
Sıkılmak bile sıkıcı değil artık
That didn't come out like I wanted it toAndnot liking to admit she's been* raped
I need to be provided with structures. I'm only interested in discussing structures. Otherwise I'm wasting my time. I need a structure to overcome a break up. After years of... I felt the urge to hit 'esc' and not post this because I was afraid my post would be trite. Imagined another man groping my ex gf boobs and this made me feel grief and loss. Brainless. Brainless tumor. Being stuck in these kinds of grief makes your world smaller. You start caring about small things. You forget your purpose, you forget how to feel. You won't be famous or remembered if you keep paying attention to this. Ok. I don't know how to cope so... should I ask my mother about this again? Not confessional prose again, please, at least don't make judgments or statements. Only facts. You abandoned your friend, maybe he felt the way you feel now. Maybe mabye ah bah bah bah. Feeling trite. I was negligent. To be interested in structures and to need structures makes me prone to be a victim of trite things. Again, that's a judgment but I'm not sure. I can't discern. Never read the Greeks. Ok, I get it. Those give you the fundamental structures. You've been wasting your time. Nobody has time for that. Not me. Excuses. All of them. Just kill yourself. Forget about killing yourself. That's not a thought you can rely on. You don't always want to kill yourself. Uncertainty in the brain almost perpetually. Just forget about it. Self-help sentiments. Is that what... Uh.
Is part of the pain due to the persuasive lie that we have personal agency in the forms of liberty, equality, freedom, etc.? Like Zizek claims with his story about the traditional authoritarian boss vs. the modern friendly boss: the pain of forced cooperation against your interests under the threat of punishment is easier to handle than the pain of someone convincing you that you WANT to work against your interests. Big Brother doesn't whip you until you comply, he bores into your brain and controls your thoughts. He CHANGES you.Failures of design and circumstance have been transferred onto us. Serfs never had to worry about getting ahead. It was made very clear that they never would. When modern systems fail us, it is in fact OUR FAULT. College is too costly? Work harder. Go into debt. Or you are a huge loser failure. You don't want to be a loser. You love to work hard. You are fine with payments. You love to learn new things. Can't miss out on those college parties!Why can't they lay it out bare? It will actually hurt our feeling less. YES we require a degree to hire you. YES we are jacking up tuition to build a football stadium. YES the professor has a new edition of his handout that you can only get at the university bookstore. Give it to me straight, Mr. Dean! I don't want this, you wan't this. HR wants this. They are scrambling my brain up and making me feel bad.
I woke up early and I feel bad, although I'm not sure why. I need to go to an interview at a university I really want to go to and I'm rather anxious about not making it, albeit there's no reason for me to be doubting that I won't.I am also forced to do work-related recreational things because my boss insists that if we would it'd help our ability to work. Things like sports and such.
Last time I saw her, she had "say yes" written in sharpie on her left arm. A cloth bracelet that had a sewn patch on her right. She must have sewn it in herself, it said "love" in a cursive pink. She told me she used to be a candy kid, and I could tell by her mannerisms that she'd never hurt a thing in the world, except maybe herself. To see her smile the way she did tore me in two, but not in the bullshit teenager way. This was a full grown this-girl-is-basically-married-and-will-never-see-me-in-that-light kinda way. And here I am crying about it in a mongolian yurt making factory, in some sort of stupid and confused frenzy that I can't express anywhere else in the world. On the other hand, I want to feel this way. I want to take all of the nice feelings of love and just concentrate them in a person I can't ever be with. That way, I can focus on my work. It doesn't help me sleep at night, but having a tiny corner of my life where I can just bury all my feelings is the easiest way to avoid feeling brokenhearted, or abandoned, and in a way, lonely. Because I accepted all of these things at least a year ago, I accepted that's how I'm going to feel and goddamn it, I'd rather move on with my life and try to create something with some sort of artistic merit than try to cure those feelings.Maybe next time i'll choose not to see her at all
that feel when no gf
You mean you didn't mean to sound like a complete asshole, or that you did mean to sound like an asshole? You actually come across as just an asshole.
This, basically. It saves you a lot time and effort. USE IT.
The last few months I've been progressivelly feeling more and more that I should, nay that I need to find someone to love. That wouldn't be all that bad in itself, but I also feel like everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by basic people. It's not that I don't have fun or enjoy the stuff I do...it just feels like months since I talked to a real person. And it's all the worse that I have this image, this anima, haunting me - I fall for every other chick I meet, only to realize over and over that there's nothing mysterious or interesting about her, her or her. I'm affraid of the possibility that nothing can compare to the bizzarely numinous experience I had the first time falling in love.I don't know, maybe the problem is that I'm slowly unbecoming a person myself - too lost in my books and wild theories of the reality, I become distant from what was once relevant. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I'm either a schizo or pratyekabuddha - either way, I'm fucking lonely, with just my family of the dead to keep me company.
She is my spliced half. My heartrate spikes and I start to fidget when thinking of her. She has restored my faith in the human capability for romantic love, and I can't have her because I am in a loveless bond with a person I cannot stand that lives two hundred miles away from me.I should buy milk and fish. My omega-six levels are dropping and they are necessary for proper brain function as they balance out the already-prevalent omega-three fats present in grain products and red meat.Maybe killing myself will solve both of these problems.
What is post post irony?
why the fuck can't I quit porn/fappingjesus christ I don't understand why this is so goddamn hard for me. either I'm bored and have too much time on my hands so I fap or I feel like shit for one reason or another and I need to fap to feel better. I guess I lack willpower. don't know how I'm supposed to build some up.bleh
Is this a true account?
You're depressed and bored, man. Put yourself on a schedule, start working out, get 3 hours of sun/fresh air every day. I cut it down to 3x a week, which is the minimum if you don't want to get prostate cancer. You can do it.
You're devolving into an infantile state of shutting out the world stimulus in order to create your own zone of artificial stimulation that is also not uncoincidentally directly linked to and controlled by your survivalist genes of procreation. Never mind the fact that you're tricking yourself -- that every attempt made to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.Every attempt to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.
I think experiencing different aspects of life creates depth, and that fulfilling desires creates wisdom You not wanting to possess a girl is too self defeatist, and speaks about how little you strive for, which is indicative of how far you won't goI feel like getting 'structure' from outside sources, especially needing to, especially wanting to get it from the greeks is for stupid people who will never be greatLooking for process for process's sake. I'd rather look for greatness, look for what makes sense, and let process eventually come from thatThen there's people like Joyce who genuinely think that their rapid, mindless expressions are is itself a worthy process. Everyone thinks he's great, but that isn't why. It's from the confidence it takes to think your fly by the moment thoughts are artWhen I was younger, tripping on acid, I was talking to this guy also tripping. Because of how socially inept I was, I felt that being overly cartoonish was a good way to connect with people. I sensed him mock me so I hit him in the stomach and brought my focus inward instead of trying to socialize with that faggot. Then.. he thanked me. I didn't pay attention to why, because I knew the real reason. No one knows what the fuck they want, and they're happy to be a part of the exercised will of someone that does, even if it's negative. To experience that gives them a moment of clarity and purpose, and the fact is, I doubt the greeks were much different And I definitely echo your thoughts on grief. For me it's obsession over a girl, I lose myself Idk, it just didn't I post like that often, sometimes it's right, sometimes it isn't
That one good post on lit tiday. Have a good one mate.
Bottom link onWas meant for youI didn't have enough direction in the post. It's easier when I say stories, then to go into detail how I feel, or go into too much detail about past events
After kicking coke and painkillers, now that I can't get fucked up none of my friends hit me up anymore - only when they want a cigarette they enthusiastically say it too, "Bro!! Let's smoke!!".Fuck it depresses me /lit/. I've known those guys since grade school and now soon as I can't go out and get fucked up with them it's not just going to parties, it's sitting around in a room splitting grams of coke and getting all paranoid, they never come over and see me.I'm considering moving out of the city to Los Angeles only a few hours away since in my town, you know who you know and that's it. Finding new friends is near impossible.
Where do you live?
Fresno - well, more specifically Clovis.
Fuck them. They're clearly not even remotely your friends if the only merit they see in you is getting drugs off of you. But I guess that's what drug fiends are like. Disgusting. I'd go for it anon, not necessarily LA but just any city where you feel you can get a fresh start. It's not worth it being in touch with such a bunch anyway, so it's not your loss.
How old are you?
Isn't that pretty cool your friends are in some way looking out for you?Why would they, junkies, want you, a non-junkie, to come to their ways again? They know they're into it, and they know you've made the right choice, or they'd be inviting you nay nagging you to come do coke with them.Despite this, as junkies do, they could easily forget your existence altogether, so stuck in their microcosms they are, but nay these friends of yours still hit you up, and the only way they know to bond is through chemical ritual, and so they in their ways invite you to have a cigarette with them -- they sound enthusiastic because you're their fucking bro and you don't speak much anymore so when you do they want it to be worth something, they'll be enthusiastic.Don't take it personal anon, you can't force them to change their ways, and even if you could would you want to? Probably not -- kudos for kicking the drugs man, if you feel like you're wanting to move out of state, to a new scene probably the best thing for a recovering addict, start thinking about it --not worrying about it, just ponder on it.
Where the eagle glides ascending There's an ancient river bending Down the timeless gorge of changes Where sleeplessness awaits I searched out my companions, Who were lost in crystal canyons When the aimless blade of science Slashed the pearly gates. It was then I knew I'd had enough, Burned my credit card for fuel Headed out to where the pavement turns to sand With a one-way ticket to the land of truth And my suitcase in my hand How I lost my friends I still don't understand.luck anon. Godspeed.
The draw of Los Angeles is that it's relatively close and it's a big city. I'm young and I'd like to live somewhere not so dead end as any city between Los Angeles and San Francisco tends to be.I remember when they weren't like that though and as much as I try not to, I cling to that image of them. Young, hopeful, etc. They think they're going to be the next fucking George Jung because they sell lines at parties. I'm 18, almost 19.
I like your outlook on it and god, I love your positive attitude....but I know these guys. Anyone who doesn't get fucked up is a faggot to them. I might as well be dead to them at this point. I live within 5 minutes of them and in the past almost 3 months of sobriety have only seen 2 out of around 11 of them once or twice.It's not so much that they care too much about me to not invite me along, they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partake, or more likely the reasoning, someone who isn't going to put in money to buy said drugs.
I never much listened to Neil Young but this is great. Thanks anon.
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices? Could it be as bad as I think it is?Probably, but some people can make it work. I don't know if I'm one of those people. I'd shave my head but I'm also balding down the middle of my head too.It's like a straight line. It's so unnatural. I don't understand how this shit happens.All my life I've hated how my hair looks and now that I'm losing it; I hate it even more. ;_;
Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?Becuase she wants your D homo
I want to sleep.
Their life is drugs of course you are dead to them -- it either transpires that the drugs were the only thing making you friends in the first place, in which case it would seem natural the bond dissipates as your curtail the drugs, or that without the drugs you wouldn't have remained friends in the first place - people change etc. Either way you're not missing out on anything, but rather working towards more a person who maybe, in a few years, your friends could see and feel a well of pride, and then, sadness or something -- but it would all be well and good. they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partakeThey're ashamed, man; you wouldn't invite a catholic priest to your orgy would you?Really, coming from someone who's dropped contact with many people he loved and still loves to death.
I feel you on that, more or lessI don't have anyone on my same wave length, I've been burning the people I used to connect with to the filter and I need to meet new people and generally focus on other thingsI don't think there's anything wrong with unbecoming a person. When I was younger I went through a phase where I couldn't read anything new without it making me feel like everything I had previously thought was wrong. I started asking myself questions, the answers of which are the foundation of who I am as a person Writing my theories helped a lotYour friends call you to smoke cigarettes?That sounds like I joke but I'm I'd probably hangout with you if you want. MaybeI was doing 8balls by myself when I was 16, and your general story sounds far fetchedI'm in Oakland
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices?If they are a cool individual, they don't notice because, genuinely, who the fuck cares.Keep focusing on what is inside your skull instead of what is on your head.
I'm in L.A. anon, I will be the guy at the beach playing harmonica and reading books in the hammock on the weekend. I hope you the best for you, good luck.
blake and joyce and everyone fell asleep at once though I've told them twice not to touch my teeth or else I'll parse a patterned subject with holy high notes swirl around in spinal fluid blood boil rib rinse eyes dry tongue tied let me fuck you then fuck me then we can lie down and try to sleep in the middle of the day otherwise I'll have to maintain homeostasis in an infinite tumble of mind manners and monster emotions.
What city do you live in?I was thinking of Hollywood cause a studio there is pretty cheap. Same with Koreatown. I spent a lot of time in Venice/Santa Monica and Bel Air when I was younger. I've had a love affair with the city since I could remember. That sounds like the life to me though anon. I don't need much. An easy, slightly above minimum wage job - ideally a record store or guitar center where I worked until just recently, pays just enough for a studio that I can come home to and work on my writing.
Your outlook's starting to influence mine a bit.I'll miss them. I love them to death, but if I didn't get sober that death would probably be coming a lot sooner. Two close calls to cardiac arrest were enough for me to call it quits. Love those guys, but it's time to move on.Funnily enough, they called me a few minutes ago wanting a cigarette. They're walking around my neighborhood car shopping opening car doors to see if they're open then stealing what you can out of them. I sat back and realized that I'm content in rather sitting inside posting on /lit/ The party was fun while it lasted
I've lived in Venice and done work all around the city: let me tell you, between the west side venice/santa monica/palisades/ brentwood/mar vista/marina del rey vs the inner city and valley downtown, k-town, valley, etc. is a fucking huge gap in overall enjoyability. The west side is beautiful, relaxed, and active. The inner city is flat, ugly, strained, and void of any non-exclusive activity. If you move to LA, make sure you're on the west side.
I live in Santa Monica. I'm a History teacher for Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District. If you are not materialistic, which it sounds like you aren't, you will do just fine in life.
I've got a lot of family in Fresno. I live a couple hours away from Clovis...I'm not saying we could, you know, meet up and trade books or anything, but...
Why should I do anything? Because it makes me happy.Why should I care about my happiness? It feels nice.Will it feel nice after I am dead? No.So it doesn't matter since time is fake, it may as well be 100 years from now it just happens not to be. The only other reason I have to do anything is to make other people's lives easier but that doesn't matter either because they will all be dead.Sure, in 50-70 years we may get powerful enough AI to replicate human brains, but even then, it is worthless. I know I need to simply distract myself with travelling and a girlfriend and a fulfilling job but I feel like it is something like Pandora's Box. Once it is open it you can never revert to the previous state, I can never forget how worthless everything is. I know a lot of you guys think about this sort of thing but the only solutions I have found are sleights that don't actually solve it.
209 REPRESENT LOL
Thing is, as we get older, friendship cliques become sort of cemented in a way - like political structures comprised of bodies with individual roles; a jester, a brick-head, a butt of the joke, perhaps a matriarch or patriarch -- so as we move out of the friendship groups we grew up with, became a person with, and then move away from that past, it's like an ego shock..you seem foreign to the people outside of the clique you grew with, and other people can seem foreign to you, and everyone is comfortable in their cliques and doesn't want to disrupt their status quo by inviting a new body into their social-political sphere.This cliqueism gives rise to an entirely interesting sect of outcasts, of people who went, say, against the grain out of their own sheer will - these people, your person, my person, can affect change.You seem so blase about giving up the drugs, you don't talk of the struggle, and it is like a kizmet that your friends just now called you - you don't mourn the past and you are content, don't even have to say it. We probably miss the bond, the ritual, the effortlessness, let the drugs do the walking - muscles atrophied. Exercise. Exorcise.
of course horse, I'd be down bahaha my condolences, though in the valley we all commiserate
Come visit SLO when you can, my man
You know, before I checked myself into rehab I allowed myself one more weekend of excess. I locked myself into my room with 3 grams of cocaine, some food/water, cigarettes, my music and some books.The final line of cocaine that I railed, that final sliver of glamour, as soon as it all went up, I dropped to my knees clutching my head bawling knowing that it was the end of an era for me. That might've been the absolute lowest point of my life. Lying fetal position on my floor, some 3 odd days without sleep or shower, 20 pounds underweight. What you've described to me though is my biggest fear. That I'll never make a little group of friends like that again. Without school, I have no idea how to make friends in the real world. Maybe it's just because I'm young but I just honestly see no way to make friends without something like school to lock enough people into a small space where relationships MUST flourish.
I am almost 30, fat, single, but nonetheless, happy.
The level of social maturity on this board is a joke
So 3 grams lasted you 3 days, and you went to rehab with that habit, and you're relating to a kid who apparently used to split a gram with 11 friends and currently only sees them to smoke cigarettes
Actually, I'm passing through there soon. My parents are moving to Santa Maria soon.
I don't relish the thought of replying to an idiot and liar But I think if you were to enter a certain scene, like going to a given club every weekend, you'd eventually start to see how small that scene was and you'd meet people
I'm the kid in question.
idiot and a liarI'll concede to idiot but why would you call me a liar?
4chanMaturitypick one
I realized that
It could've been my phrasing, I didn't mean I lied on the floor for 3 days - I just meant that it was 3 days TO that point.
I don't think you realize what you realize.
Like I said, your general story sounds far fetched. Like you have no idea what you're talking about, because you obviously don't Unlese you're being ironic or something, which I can tell you aren't, when you have a coke habit it doesn't feel like gloryI can't imagine 3 grams lasting more than half a day for someone with an addictionI'd expect at least some level of depth
I realized it after the factAt first I thought there where two fantasy filled children in this threadI hate being 'that guy', which I always am, so I'll leave this thread for the night
How did Arabs make such a big deal about the eradication of Paganism and pagan idols, yet Egyptian monuments still stand? It's one thing to claim your hand made stone carving is a vessel of a minor god you worship for personal peace, it's another to have great massive monuments dedicated to men believed themselves gods, worshiping other gods in a polytheistic system. Not just attributing partners to god, but believing they ascended to divinity. And yet the statues of Arabia got smashed and the sphinx still stands.HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN?
When it's your entire reason for existence and it's all gone, yes - it's glorious. I knew it was fucked up but I knew my life would flip upside down after that night.I was being facetious though.
Man I love Kill Me Baby.
i have a job interview tomorrow, i hope things go okay
good luck anon
I crave intimacy and attention but deliberately distance myself from my family. I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be asked. My expectations are way too high and I'm unwilling to do anything I don't like regardless of how it might affect the people who matter and my own potential. I plan to leave the country and part of the reason why is the vague hope that it's this society that's caused by depression, frustration and double-standards. I fantasize about all my problems being solved by the addition of a girlfriend but am terrified of the responsibility at the same time.
the pig was named porkshire. he lived in england, and he hated the police. one day a sweet woman was watering her weeds. porkshire trampled her pretty lawn and she called the department of sherrifs. he arrived in his police car and brought porkie into the back. he made a mess shitting on the backseat. the first incident of precise sabotage the pig plans to undertake.
sheriffs in police carsenglandremove yourself
I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be askedplease try to change this, as one of those guys that always has to take initiative it's mentally exhausting after a while and gives the impression that you secretly hate me
If you can get any, take 10mg of Valium before the interview. It will eliminate the nervousness without clouding your mind. Don't drink any coffee or take anything else stimulating either.when they ask you if you have any questions say " no....but is there anything I haven't elaborated on or explained well enough during the interview? " or words to that effect. It turns the questioning on its head and shows an air of confidence.
Ah dude, hang around, it's ok.
I hope you really fucking cock up the interview, anon, I hope you have bogies hanging our ya nozzies and that ye stutter and spit on the interviewer like sporruy bossYou will live on pavements rest of life.
But if you've had bad experiences with people agreeing to do things with you when you were young, it's very scary to ask people to keep to a commitment you created. Not to mention having done it so few times there's a strong fear of doing something that you feel you should be very experienced at doing by now.
But anon, if time is fake then your happiness is forever.
LemonsToday I had been walking back from work as I always had, with a friendIt was an amiable walk, like most nights under the lithe moonlightFor the past fortnight, from the crepuscular to the consummation of peregrination, he had never stopped pining over his lemons;incessantlyThen came my epiphany, elicited after my evocation in a stentorian pule..."LEMONS""LEEEH- MONSSS!!!!"I had thought, at the time, that I had never shrieked louder in my entire lifethen, the rasps licked and mingled with our ears and minds, silence had come back as quick as it had left usAt this point I was profoundly forlorn, and for the rest of our meandering, I glared the pavement all the way back home, as if the ground itself was the draconian antagonist in my journeyConcerned, as he should, many an inquiry came out of him, ebbing as the realization that I was beyond succour took its seat in his mindI told him about my lemonsthey would never stopand everybody else had even more lemonsand they too, would never stopConsummation came with an apology as we parted wayswell that was my day /lit/, non-fiction for you fags
They only destroyed that giant stone buddha with explosives, didn't they? If islamists were to destroy the sphinx now, half of egypt would want to kill them ruins tourist business.
I'm too sleepy I guess I should go sleep damn it's already past 6AM I said I would be there around 9 maybe I should just stay awake confusion in her eyes that says it all she's lost control she mentioned liking post-punk I wonder if she likes this shit it's been more than a month I guess if I stay up and do that til 10 I can sleep about four hours after then try to sleep in regular hours tonight what is this smell did he just shit on the hall again I'll clean after I come back then sleep but why would she never message again after all she said I need to study it will be at the end of July I can't postpone it anymore Carl is gonna ask me about it in the party most likely I hope I have started by then to at least be able to sound convincing the download has finished 50 minutes plus a shower then go it's perfect timing I wonder if they will at least let me change the office priorities cause chosing the one next to her as my number one choice was foolish well damn it's really smelling bed maybe if I open the window I can just ignore it but it's a nice city anyway and it will be a good experience but it will feel shitty regardless and I don't even know French maybe start with something that covers the basics of everything then just branch to whatever I'm not comfortable with I wonder if there is a book that has all the basics like that maybe I should write one if there isn't cause it could be really useful I don't think that is I'll sleep for 4 hours and then google the books I need and make a study plan I think he will message me today wanting the thing deployed so I should deploy it first since it won't take long it says it's my birthday there maybe she sees it and comes to say something nice this bass line is really good she's lost control again she's lost control again but new dawn fades is so much better I guess this is more famous just because it's more catchy but still very good maybe I should deploy it now because if I watch the episode there's a chance I'll fall asleep hope he doesn't ask about it til afternoon shit it was the last one I'll go buy another pack and watch it the plan was to try to stop today maybe I'll reduce the amount from this pack onwards or I'll wait until next week cause by then I'll be done with my job guess I'll start studying next week then as well but I should definitely make that study plan otherwise I'll lack the motivation I miss we both been busy and coming to leave a message to each other every two hours or so she even asked if I wanted to call so we could talk while she was painting I need to download the subtitles if there aren't any yet there's no big deal I can understand everything everytime anyway I should just watch without it this time I will fetch the usb disk to copy it I don't even know if I'll pass the interview anyway maybe I'm stressing over nothing where's my lighter I can smoke one on my way back her paintings are really good though
I don't think that it's really shameI'd say its more out of "Wow that guy is a total dweeb, can't believe he's gonna choose a job and a suit over this kush"also "Well that Catholic Preist will only partake in our orgy if there's some children, can't really have him come along"
I wish you good luck!
You guys know it's not that hard to get a gf right? Put yourself out there, do some exercise, look like you're having fun.
What a useless post/er.
I am plagued by indecisiveness. I am hypocritical. I find myself craving human affection and attention constantly, yet rejecting opportunities in which I can attain such. My reasoning for these actions has yet to be found. I have recently become obsessed with the certainty that anything I bring into this world, whether it is human or plant or creation, will decay, and die. Surely this may be “babby’s first nihilistic crisis”, but nevertheless, these ideas are beginning to define my ways of thinking. I feel incapable of loving people. I have no idea as to why, but the ability seemed to have left me. I solely initiate breakups. It’s never the other party, always me. I have this hypocritical of wanting nothing more than a relationship, then immediately regretting it, and wanting to breakup. I’m spineless, constantly afraid of others judgement, yet crave insults and attacks on myself, possibly to reassure myself that I’m a spiteful and horrible person. My actions may sometimes show otherwise, I will not think twice about helping someone, or spoiling them. Is this to cover up my inner and more abhorrent thoughts? I claim to be a “writer”; Lord knows I can’t write for shit. I have no motivation in reading anymore.
I hope that guy replies, I hope we have similar interests, I'm hungry, yeah because I didn't eat anything today because I felt slightly sick yesterday and had no appetite today.
Getting to the stage where it's possible to break up is a good first step though. You need someone to shape you.
thinkgen bout demiurge
There was a gf I believed was way into me, gave me all the signs, asked me out for milkshales after school and all.When I asked her out last week she shook her head, said no and was ice cold the next day.If a girl who shows me signs like that denies me, it's not easy to do.And besides, where do i meet girls anyway?
holy shit you are the worst kind of poster and represent everything wrong with youth literary culture.
Why do you hate gnosticism so much?
muh exclusionary secret knowledgeThough I guess that's not as bad as people who read up on it as an "alternative"
I think he was triggered..
Not that guy but man, you could've had put it in more sophisticated terms. You know, we gotta keep up the image we don't have.
If you mean getting a gf for the sake of getting a gf, it isn't that much.But finding someone that you love, that you trust, that you get along well, that you like every quality and yet don't care about any of her flaws, that are able to be copletely honest with without judgement, that you see yourself spending the rest of your life with and that feels all this towards you as well is really really hard anon, don't fool yourself.
It's proving pretty hard for me to find any kind of gf...
Gnosticism is a branch of knowledge, not really a fucking dazzling coat to prance around in.
WHERE DO I MEET GIRLSHERE
I don't know mate, think, how do you gain all you social contact - what do you USE to gain all your social contact? How could YOU USE what you currently use to gain the rest of your social contact, to also get a girl.
I have only one friend and all we usually do is get high and play cards/video games.He did invite me to a party on the 14th so maybe then, but I suck at parties
You suck at parties?I guess you suck at parties then..Doomed/dismissed - fail forever. Have fun!
Never said that, but the memeing seems a bit unnecessary, especially for the posters sake. Also I wouldn't really say that it's a branch of knowledge, but rather a spiritual/phillosophical system built around a historical record of certain kind of experience. But that's just me nitpicking.
Well then don't say getting a gf isn't much then you dumb shit
tbh what a lot of people used was being forced into contact through things like tutorials. What they need is to gain contacts outside of institutional compulsion.I can't really talk though because my friends are 1 my tutor group 2 my housemates and 3 my d&d group
Welcomed nitpicking, is always welcomed!Yeah maybe Gnosticism needs a bit of bite to it - like at the moment it's a ghost and we gotta put ghost in the machine.
fyi you are replying to a different person lolby "isn't that much" I meant "that much hard" at least compared to the other stuff in the post
Boy goes up to girl: Boy: HiGirl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?Youposter 6621944: I will fuck you.Me: There must be something wrong with this girl. Alright, I'll see you later and let you deal with your things, i'm pretty neurotic already and don't want to be dealing with your shit.Get it? Neuroses in a guy is not attractive - girls are not attracted by neurotic men - you are neurotic. And you feel as if you pity yourself, which feeds the neuroses, making you more neurotic, and you complain more about not having a girlfriend, and you become uglier and more unattractive with every neurotic thought that wonders, no cries 'why haven't I got a girlfriend'/'why haven't I been given a girlfriend' etc. If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.
joyce pls go
I know you meant the difficulty, but when you can't even give me a good answer as to where to look it obviously isn't that easy now is it.
isn't that just one of those things they say to start a conversation and get complimented
I find there's quite a few ghosts skulking around the attic. And as for producing the god from the machine, that's our job, right?
Girl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?it's so hard to find a boyfriendtop kekI know what you mean with my mentality being rotten, but that is only because of recent events: Before that I was positive and went flat on my ass, and now have to start from nowhere since I don't know where to look and saw this one girl as the perfect opporitunity that doesn't come by that often.I'm close to just downloading tindr or whatever
Way too much Gnostic thought has been lost. Plugging the gaps with bits from other religions doesn't cover it.
Again, I wasn't the one who gave you that answer lolBut it isn't that easy, but also not that hard anon. Like, it's probably medium leaning a bit to the hard side.But a lot of the hardship you see in it isn't really there but in your head.
tfw I downloaded tinder and have it on my phone but immediately stopped it from accessing the internet and hid it away because I got scared
I hope you're aware of how vague you come across right?Getting a gf seems to be something you can apply actual strategy to, yet no one has any clear cut answers of where to find one if you don't already know girls.
posts on a meme sitedoesn't like memes
And I don't mean that a girlfriend is something to earn, in a trophy sense as in a prize for good work; more like in the sense that you deserve the friends you have, and that two good friends deserve to be friends and the like. If you're rotten you ain't gonna have good friends!It would work on a case-by-case basis, there are varying factors you'd have to consider about the girls self worth, attractiveness etc. to discern whether she is using it as a play or being genuinely self deprecating; the last thing you want in a girl is self-deprecation. How can you value someone who doesn't value themselves - you can only value someone in spite of their self-deprecation, and most likely wouldn't value them if it weren't for that self-deprecatory streak.It wasn't quoting an actual conversation, more like an unspoken conversation - your sense of self worth sweats out your pores - and often the very being we emanate to others is very different to how we think we seem - if you're desperate, it will show.
If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.Look at this cuck.
memes should only be about trivialities tbh
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about it - she don't know what's going on in her head. You don't know what's going on in your head. Talking about a perfect girl, you don't even know yourself! Just calm -- I'll tell you, and you won't like this, but you're gonna go through potentially quite a lot of relationships, ups and downs, and heartbreaks. Every couple think they're the shit, together forever, and it kills them because it's not true. This baseless hope is almost part of the downfall - learn to chill out a bit and realize you can't depend on others for your happiness - this leads to co-dependence, addictive tendencies, neuroses..
I am and it is intentionally vague except for the last part.But ok, let's try some concreteness lolWhy do you think it's difficult to meet a girl? not even saying get a gf, just meeting the girl, which seems to be your problem.As in, put in words where exactly the difficulty for meeting one is, the best you can.
potentially quite a lot of relationshipsDepends how young you start.
memes help us cope with important matters as well and can be both light-hearted and profound.
Depends how much you wanna worship Satan.
profound memeOnly in the capacity to make us aware of profound things, in which case they are only as good as a roadside ad
Or you could like play girls programming like fiddles.This guy looks happy.He's a good guy?
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about itI am 20she don't know what's going on in her head.Going by her tumblr you might be rightTalking about a perfect girlI didn't say she was perfect, I was saying the situation was, since I don't have any means that I know of to get to meet girls.And don't worry, I don't believe in perfect relationships, I'm more realistic than that.Well I don't have any female friends the girl I was going for ignored my last text, so friends is out of the question I assumeI don't have any hobbies that attract a lot of girls football and video games and even then they have to be single which a lot of women who go out aren't.So this leaves me where to find girls?Give me something concrete.
Let's not go there, man. Each one of us has probably a very polar idea about what that means.
Yep. Nothing means everything.And everything means nothing.Sounds like it's all going tidy doesn't it?
ignored my last textDepending on how long you have been texting that could mean many thingsher tumblrJeezToo late man the scene is oversaturated.
Kinda lost me on that one.
Well of course nothing is in itself profound, the profundity lies in the interaction with the observer. But memes can be just as profound as novels for example. Novels are memes tbh.
not liking the kosher prometheus
mean many thingsWell it was a simple question about movies, I sent her that because she was being cold after she rejected me and I was being a bit more distant as well so I thought I could break the ice with a simple question and then talk further.But she ignored it, add that on top of her being more distant I see it as a clear sign of not wanting to deal with me anymore.And we've been texting for about 2 months, often every daysometimes snapchat instead of textingJeezYeah, goes to show I don't have any crazy standards which is the case with a lot of these tfw no gf types.
Memes operate on many levels and when people discuss /lit/ memes it's usually the self-identified meme. A book is and contains memes true, and can be profound under interpretation, but a lot of books are designed to build a world of non-memes and a persuasive lie is the same as a reality.
My bad I thought you were in school or something, I take it back. Point still stands though - throw your eggs in on basket if you want to feel pain, I mean you could also feel a lot of pleasure, but know if you ever drop that basket - hey, the chicks could even hatch and fly the fuck away - you better be prepared to deal with that hurt, and know you're the one who put them eggs in that basket.I mean yeah, relativism, let's all have different meanings for the same thing - that helps keep data clear and concise doesn't it? It helps when we live in maya - it's like hey I heard you like maya so we got some maya for your maya
Could do with the love
The hurt comes more from the fact that I haven't been this close to a gf in a long time.I had hope for 2 months and then I went back to nothing, it's a harsh thing but I'll manage.Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.
anon last time I had a gf was five years ago and the last time I was interested in someone she completely disappeared from my world just as we were becoming friends so don't take me too seriously.but basically, network. use the groups you are part of to get to events which overlap with other groups and on and on until you find yourself in a crowd which looks like it has potential. You don't have to make friends along the way necessarily.
find some girlsMan they ain't some rare species, you'd apparently be surprised to know they make up about 50% of the human race. Every other person you encounter, could, have, a, vagina.Now, your predicament is the insular nature of humans within a big society - you're considered somewhat weird if you talk to someone you don't know for no particularly good reason, so unless you're James Bond it wouldn't be a good idea to approach girls on the street or in the shop or anything, because you're to conceited already - desperate - your spaghetti would spill tumultuously out of your pockets. Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.Keep up this attitude, in fact you should go to your local nightclub and start shouting this out loud -- it's actually the secret of all time --that's why no one does it - no one knows about it. You're golden OP.. have fun and don't forget your zip ties and lime..
Ok anon, here you go:You probably like something else, you are probably in university, universties have tons of activities, go find something you like and go meet people. Cause it sounds like you are missing a good time there, not even about girls.Go to a party, go to a bar, see some event that you like cause there is bound to be something and call some friends and convince them to go with you.Then go and talk to girls that are there. But don't go as "omg I need to talk to a girl", if you are walking by someone you feel like saying something say something, if it's gonna be a 2 phrase conversation or if you are gonna become good friends or marry, just talk. And talk to guys too anon, cause talking to people is good.If your hobbies doesn't attract girls they probably attract guys that have girls as friends btw.There's probably a girl you see everyday that you wish you could talk to. Protip: you can. Just go there like "ayy grrl I see you everyday around here and I find you very interesting and would like to meet you what do ya say about getting some coffee with me so we can talk bb? ;".Idk anon, go to a fucking starbucks RIGHT NOW and talk some random bullshit with the qt on the line, or ask the qt sitting alone if you can sit with her cause you don't like eating breakfast alone.Just do whatever, you are gonna get "rejected" most of the time, cause guess what, that happens. Just stop been afraid of stuff cause you see girls around everyday and have plenty of opportunities to talk to any and you honestly are probably just afraid of that.If you don't like any of the options here just put your creativity into coming up in something instead of memeing on a chinese lit board for a day.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?
And also next time you are texting a girl sometimes everyday sometimes not only text but snapchat, plz ask her out in less than 2 months anon.
At least you're texting girls. I have no idea how to get hold of a girl's number.
Well, different people have different experiences and through those end up with a different explanations. I'm not really keen on relativism...but that's just the way it seems to be. I'm pretty sure could argue well for my case, phillosophicaly, historicaly or otherwise...but that's not the proper way. I don't want to rob anyone of the experience, and without it there can be a backlash, enantiodomea.The maya thing seems to be real. What can I say? If you're happy with your well-ordered universe, enjoy it. And don't read Sartre.
Nice vague response my friend, you could have condensed it to 2 lines but instead decided to watse your time making it longer.uniI am actually in a garbage school called MBO in the netherlands, it has no clubs of any sorts which is a bummer, I often wish I was born in america just for this.cause talking to people is good.I should absolutely work on that, and don't worry about me coming across as desperate, I only do that on the internet.starbucksDecent advise, when i look at other people and my friend they often make small talk with whoever, when I tend to keep to myself.I thought it was just an insignificant difference between me and other people, but something small like that could perhaps change the negative outlook I have on people in generalwhich makes itunconciouslyharder for me to connect to peopleguess what, that happensI did try to see this latest rejection as something good, instead of waiting and regretting not having tried anything, I went for it and failed, at least I have a clean concious now.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?It is, thanks for your post, it's a quality one.She actually got my number, but I was in your situation as well before and probably am going to be for a while now.We did go on ''sort of'' dates, she asked me out for milkshakes and I actually went to her home town once.I don't know what made her lose interest, maybe she'd just crazy.I went sort of slow with a reason though, she only just turned 18 and had admitted to being a virgin, so I thought maybe if I went too fast I'd scare her off.
ITT guys need to learn that women are people too.
 1. dfw is nothing more than a memeWHAT DID YOU JUST SAY? everybody loves themselves some buzzwordslots of humanities students here indeed john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoyingno, that is genre fictionjohn green is just laughable in way more different levels existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.can't argue with that
They're actually aliens
Cool idea, someone pass that to David Icke, I'm sure he can patch a decent theory or two out of that.
you could have come up with an interesting and original response. I feel devalued by this one.
Good.
typical feminist :
well-ordered universeLook at this ugly piece of shit universe, look at it m8.It looks like a glitterball sharted.;You don't have to argue anything, but to outright say 'No discussion' 'Agree to disagree' does no body any good - for example I'd like to learn, learn from you, and in return, I don't know if you'd like to learn from me, but I could sure help flesh out your ideas with my own personal experience. To deny that would be to feed close-mindedness, and ignorance; at the same though: One is at leisure and can discuss whatever the fuck it is one wants :
Uhh, sure. But there's a few certain phrases that usually don't indicate a potential to a great discussion, e.g. 'worship Satan'.
What's your beef with Satanism?
My tone is constantly sardonic - don't be afrayed nao.
The adversary of infinite if finite - anything finite is satan.But it's a whole fucking lot more complicated than that, and I can't tell whether I've upset some people by talking about it.
I've been looking into some of Nietzsche's philosophies and I would like to learn more from him.Where do I start with his books?
Start with Zarathustra.Also, we should make something like pic related for Nietzsche.Nice pic, BTW.
NOSTART WITH DEATH OF THE IDOLSDO NOT START WITH ALSO SPRACHREAD KANT AND SCHOPENHAUER BEFOREHANDSTOP SPREADING MISINFORMATION
I started with Beyond Good and Evil and I am fine.
start with the greeks
HIS BEST BOOK IS NOT THE BEST TO START WITHMust know some Heroclitus, Plato, Kant, Schopenhauer.Start with BG&E or GAY SCIENCE
You can start with The Birth of Tragedy, Genealogy of Moral, or Beyond Good and Evil. NOT with Zarathustra.
The Birth of TragedyWhy would you read Beyond Good and Evil before Zarathustra? Better to read it after.
Do you believe in the chronological reading of the canon and literary movements or do you prefer sporadic reading?
I don't believe in shit because I'm an atheist, retard
hahaha
Very important comma placement.
/thread.

Thank you topkekker
Sporadic shitposting until someone corrects me. Btw Homer created responsibility-absorbing gods just to get audience pussy. He was forced to release new parts of the stories when no more young bitches in the town would blow him for old stories.
Juboal-Rabaroansa Perosteck Alseyn Balveda dam T'seif.How the hell did Banks even come up with these names?
I think he probobly came up with some kind of script or langauge and used it to work them out

I felt like that when reading peoples' unabridged names in Speaker for the Dead.
I really doubt sci-fi authors use real names.
What was the name system again? Something about the orbital and subsector and parents and governing mind or something.
posting cucks
Did you seriously just use that word on /lit/ of all places? Just where do you think you are? Where the FUCK do you think you are, pleb? Get out of here, maybe come back on your 18th birthday since you'll finally be old enough to use the site.
Literally fuck off.
mfw all that long shit and there's still something with an apostrophe in itwhy is this apostrophpe shit so popular in sci fi and fantasy
JUST
you will never live in the culture and be able to sample the art of the hundreds of vast species-spanning millennia-old civilizations
why do they keep calling him a cuck, explain me this memet. meme master in training
What's wrong with it, anon? Louis CK had a joke about how white guys should let black guys fuck their wives as a true form of reparation for the slave trade. It was a silly joke and only autists would focus on it after all the "did Moot get cucked" shit i.e. Moot dated a girl. Girl supposedly cheats on Moot, le eric /pol/ gonn dun solved the mystery of the world.It's tiring and these people who obsess over this crap should really just return to /b/ or /mu/ for their ironic shitposting.
Because Dragonriders of Pern, probably. That's what made it catch on.Amusingly enough this is one of the less ridiculous Culture names.
What I don't get is why people who care about "cuck" shit are even here. Like, you don't fucking read, what the hell are you doing on a board about reading? Illiterate pricks.
did Moot get cuckedHe actually got friendzoned.he didn't get anything out of that relationship, even though he spent quite a bit of money on her, yet in the end she decided to fuck some random chadayy lmao
What's wrong with it, anon?Nothing inherently, it's just so ridiculously common.
Cuckold Internet Defense Force plz go
/b/ or /mu/everytime someone talks about the cuck meme they attribute it to a different board. wasn't it pretty much /r9k/, then /pol/, then maybe /fit/?i mean of course now it's everywhere, but they're the ones obsessed with it.
Le only I read muh postmodernist literature and am intelligent enough for euphoric discussions /r/cuckoldHe was paying for her while she fuck other menLiterally a cuckold
C U C KUCK
Honestly I don't even know what postmodernist means. I mainly just read sci-fi, fantasy, and moege.
And you have the audacity to tell others to leave
I don't know exactly, but when I think of shitposting I first think of /b/ then /mu/. /Mu/ especially since they're obsessed with shitposting - they should really know better.
How is it audacious? You cannot possibly argue that this cuck shit belongs here compared to actual books.
People always blame some other board, but the truth of it is that it all started with Reddit. 4chan steals its shit from Reddit a LOT these days, they just like to pretend they're better because they came first. Conveniently forgetting that the userbase has changed and become 90% people who started on Reddit.
it's the actual plot device from one thousand and one nights.also says that other people is illiteratedoesn't know what post modernism is
nah man that's fedora, the cuck thing is pretty dated.
implying the trash you read is actual books
implying you read booksYou have literally no right to decide that.
Yeah, like any of the people who go around shitposting about "cucks" are actually referencing ALWL. That's no excuse. Post about a motherfucking book or don't post at all.
Oh I don't have the right?I have the right to judge what ever the fuck I want and you can just sit there and suck on it my nigger.
No, you have no rights. This is the internet, not America or some shit. You're going DOWN, son.
*grabs him by the throat* Back the fuck off?!?!
You're both edgy retards Back to /b/
That guy who did that was so silly, like do you really think you could go for someone's balls or throat without them reacting, maybe breaking your wrist? What a fool, if you're gonna roleplay do it right.
fuggin godmoders I sware to Gaiaonline
That's why I only RP on the good roleplaying sites.
You know this place has gone to shit when a picture of Louis CK is enough to derail the discussion. And not even because he's a good comedian.
He rose and stood tottering in that cold autistic dark with his arms outheld for balance while the vestibular calculations in his skull cranked out their reckonings. An old chronicle. To seek out the upright. No fall but preceded by a declination. He took great marching steps into the nothingness, counting them against his return. Eyes closed, arms oaring. Upright to what? Something nameless in the night, lode or matrix. To which he and the stars were common satellite. Like the great pendulum in its rotunda scribing through the long day movements of the universe of which you may say it knows nothing and yet know it must.
John Green never fails to deliver the terrible prose lol
in that cold autistic darkDude, it's so dark in here it's fuckin retarded!
This is from The Road
I remember in his AMA he said he loves YA because he can write about human existence without "having to layer it with irony." Ironic, because his prose is empty and while it sounds so advanced and intricate, it's a whole frivolous nothing: Watteau for teenage hearts.
this guy writes so bad i can't even figure out what he means
No it's not. OP posted a picture of John green next to it.
Kek
Yeah, it is, but it's still really bad.
THE MEME MACHINE DOES IT AGAIN
That's written by Cormac McCarthy.
McCarthy's even worse than Josh Green because people think he's any better than a YA author when he just writes edgy westerns for manchildren.
Are these plebs serious? Is /lit/ honestly so stupid that all you have to do is post a pic of John Green and any passage from any book ever and people will think its shit? Man, start posting John Green threads with passages from Finnegans Wake or Cloudstreet and just wait for the autists.
Josh Green 'edgy westerns for manchildren' Trying a bit hard there m80
That excerpt from The Road is atrocious. It doesn't read like YA lit at all, but it does read like a form of self-parody.
I guarantee you you'll never write anything that good in your life.
This writing made me gag. I had to stop before the cringe got too great.
Yeah, if anything The Road is an edgy post-apocalyptic novel for manchildren :^
Tbh it's still pretty cringe.
Hazel finished cleaning the room and said to herself with a sense of satisfaction: "Well, now that's over and done with.' It was as though order had been brought back both to the room and to her own soul. The bed was made, the pillow-case was no longer rumpled, there were no more cigarette-ends on the edge of the bookcase, no more ash on the floor... Then she realized she was lying to herself and that there was only one thing in the world she really needed - Augustus.
it's not shit because you can't do it!!
What does any of that even mean?cold autistic darkWhat the fuck?
It was so dark it impaired his awareness of the world around him.
To seek out the upright. No fall but preceded by a declination. He took great marching steps into the nothingness, counting them against his return. Eyes closed, arms oaring. Upright to what? Something nameless in the night, lode or matrix. To which he and the stars were common satellite.The author does know the stars aren't satellites of earth, right?
They parleyed without dismounting and Augustus lit his small cigarillo and told that he was bound for the markets at Mesilla. Hazel might have traded for some of the meat but she carried no tantamount goods and the disposition to exchange was foreign to them. And so these parties divided upon that midnight plain, each passing back the way the other had come, pursuing as all travelers must inversions without end upon other men's journeys.
Nothing in that passage suggests that they are.
Tim WintonMattering at all
literally tens of thousands of nerdy western girls see him as the pinnacle of literature.
not understanding layers of ironyyou must be from reddit
And so we rolled East, I more devastated than braced with the satisfaction of my passion, and she glowing with health, her bi-iliac garland as brief as a lad's, although she had added two inches to her stature and eight pounds to her weight. We had been everywhere. We had really seen nothing. And I catch myself thinking today that our long journey had only defiled with a sinuous trail of slime the lovely, trustful, dreamy, enormous country that by then, in retrospect, was no more to us than a collection of dog-eared maps, ruined tour books, old tires, and her sobs in the night--every night, every night--the moment I feigned sleep.
there were no more cigarette-ends on the edge of the bookcaseWhat the fuck kind of cunt...
, 
thoughts?
Cool beard; bad hair.
if he were alive today he'd have stubble and a manbun
I love Alan Watts. He's an eastern thinker from a western perspective. He doesn't try to spice up his message with feel good hooey like Tolle. He's clearly a deeply experienced thinker and practicer and presents his ideas and understanding as objectively and unbiased as he can. A true bodhisattva.
Part of the conspiracy started in the 50s to destroy the thinking capacity of western man with new age garbage.
I like him a lot. In a lot of ways I think his work is more relevant today than it was when he was alive. People who haven't read him often unfairly throw him in with the New Age people, but there's nothing New Age about him. He simply took Eastern philosophical ideas and made them more accessible to Westerners.
BANE?
manipulative sociopath that used cult aura to sexually abuse followers
was posting about Terrence McKenna yesterday and didn't understand that this guy, despite his extensive speaking career had no reputable theories.
Theories? Watts' theories consisted of "bigger picture" shit, and everything else he talked about was taken directly from science and philosophy available to him. Terrence McKenna, on the other hand, had all sorts of bullshit theories. The crowning achievement was timewave zero. What a crock of shit.
this guy's theories =McKennaonly referring to him
Like zen buddhism, loved booze more. He should have known better than to drink that much. But I love Reggie Watts. Because of him I became a zen buddhist.
basically brought eastern religious practice into the western world at the perfect time.
A newage cuck, he's the kind of "western buddhist" Zizek warns us about. Thanks to people like Alan Watts we have petit bourgeois hipsters appropriating Buddhism for their feel-good spirituality.
you're a big meme
This, Watts himself said that you shouldn't teach western people eastern religion/practices because they don't come from the same cultural background and its useless and counterproductive to the intentions of the philosophy. Eastern people believed in reincarnation and the karmic cycle because it was taught to them. The pursuit of enlightenment is a deliberately imprecise way to say "the karmic cycle is not real just like the boogeyman". It makes people into cult followers of charlatans and fake diva holy men. Teaching western people eastern philosophy just teaches them to believe in the karmic cycle which was the exact opposite of what is intended. The real use of going to a teacher is to remain a good person while shedding external motivators like the believe in karmic justice, heaven and hell, the boogyman etc. Now you never have to read about eastern philosophy again.
The reason that I've always liked Watts is that his views seem fairly rational. We are all part of something larger than us, we all comprise a multitude of smaller things, our notions of existing between these two extremes are limiting, we are as much the sun as we are our big toe, etc. Fairly simple.
I love the sound of his voice.
Western hack with a superficial western grasp on Eastern philosophies and religions, and was unironically attached to Zen. Good storyteller though.
we are as much the sun as we are our big toeyou must be hot and smelly then
"Cultural differences" is much more than simply heaven vs. reincarnation or cherrypicking of a couple of different concepts and attempting to label a given culture through that. A western person can easily on their own volition, even not knowing themselves, live and think as an eastern person. And the opposite is just as true as well. This is why converts exist largely in the first place, a person feels out of touch with "their" culture and goes towards the one that calls to them. They do not already adhere strictly to their own culture then seek to debase that, at least not all.
A lovely man. I wish more people knew about him. If people were listening to him instead of fucking life coaches nowadays, well there would be hope for some.
Source?
He's a cool cat. The only two men of this time who I listen to are Alan Watts and pic related. I prefer pic related.
Nobody engaging in philosophy has a brain.You don't "teach" philosophy, jackass. If you are not able to engage with primary sources using critical and rational thinking, you are human feces. I am sure that makes Watts the asswipe, or whatever, but at least he doesn't approach your level of idiocy.
DUDE, WEED LMAO
One of the only Western Easterners who doesn't sound like he's full of shit every time I hear him talk in videos. Haven't read anything by him though. Anyone have any suggestionsM
Watts himself said that you shouldn't teach western people eastern religion/practices No, he said Westerners should be cautious when integrating Eastern spirituality into their lives. He probably thought he was doing a good thing by lecturing and writing about that stuff for a Western audience.
Teaching western people eastern philosophy just teaches them to believe in the karmic cycle Do you believe in every concept that comes into your head?
When women throw themselves at charismatic men it's called abuse.
Ressentiment detected
It doesn't matter in which order you read an author's books.Yep, even if it's part of a trilogy or series. Just jump in whichever.Do you really think people's minds are like a trashcan where the oldest trash sits under the newer trash?
Let's do thisFavourite novel and novelist.Favourite poetry book and poet.Favourite play and playwright. Favourite philosopher. Favourite classical piece.Favourite popular music album.Favourite film.Favourite director. Favourite painter.Favourite painting.
Half of that isn't /lit/ related. Fuck off.
Favourite novel and novelist.The Recognitions by William GaddisFavourite poetry book and poet.The Poetry of Rilke, Tr Snow by RilkeFavourite play and playwright. Othello by ShakespeareFavourite philosopher. SchopenhauerFavourite classical piece.I'll go neoclassical: Vespers by RachmaninoffFavourite popular music album.1989 by Taylor SwiftFavourite film.Ran by KurosawaFavourite director. KurosawaFavourite painter.DaliFavourite painting.Nocturne in Black and Gold by Whistler
If your interests are so narrow you can just answer the /lit/ related ones.
Favourite novel and novelist.Sorry, I can not answer this and feel comfortableFavourite poetry book and poet.The Prophet, Kahlil Gibran Favourite play and playwright.Shakespeare's Julius Caesar "The evil that men do lives after them." Favourite philosopher.Jiddu Krishnamurti Favourite classical piece.Vivaldi - Concerto for Mandolin in C MajorFavourite popular music album.Favourite film.The City of Lost ChildrenFavourite directorStanley Kubrick Favourite painter.Charles White Harlem Renaissance ArtistFavourite paintingPic related
novelLess than Zeronovelist PineconeplaywrightNever read a playphilosopherCamusclassical pieceBeethovens 9th, 4th movementalbumDarkness on the Edge of Town. I would say Histoire de Melody Nelson though that's not very popular in my country.filmThe Sacrifice or Amadeus. maybe boogie nightsdirectorLynchpainterBasquiatpaintingNot sure
Favourite novel and novelist."The Magic Mountain" by Thomas Mann. My favourite novelist is either Mann or Pynchon depending on my mood. Favourite poetry book and poet."Leaves of grass" by Whitman. He is my favourite poet too. Favourite play and playwright. "A Midsummer Night's Dream". My favourite playwright is Lope de Vega though. Favourite philosopher. Must be Heidegger.Favourite classical piece.Schubert's String Quartet No. 15Favourite popular music album.The complete recordings of Coltrane at the Village Vanguard.Favourite film."Amarcord" by Fellini or "Ugetsu Monogatari" by Mizoguchi. Favourite director. Bergman.Favourite painter.Goya.Favourite painting."Charles IV of Spain and His family"
Favourite novel and novelist.Les Misérables, Victor Hugo but this always changesFavourite poetry book and poet.Cool Drink of Water, Maya Angelou hasn't changed in yearsFavourite play and playwright. Doubt, John Patrick ShanleyFavourite philosopher. Plato pretty new to philosophy, but starting with the GreeksFavourite classical piece.Chopin, Funeral MarchFavourite popular music album.Madonna, EroticaFavourite film.Game Change I know it should be Un Chien Andalou or something classic, but I'm obsessedFavourite director.Alejandro Jodorowsky Favourite painter.Henri MatisseFavourite painting.Da Vinci's Last Supper
The Prophet, Kahlil Gibran
Problem?
All these clueless plebs thinking popular music = pop music.
Favourite novel and novelist.The Corrections / BukowskiFavourite poetry book and poet.Phillip Larkin Collected / MeFavourite play and playwright.The Duchess Of Malfi / Strindberg Favourite philosopher. Don't know many, NietszcheFavourite classical piece.Mahler AdagiettoFavourite popular music album.Arabesque Jane BirkinFavourite film.The Elephant ManFavourite director. Kubrick but I like the guy / his bios not so much his filmsFavourite painter.Marc RothkoFavourite painting.Black Square Malevich
favourites are for dilettantes. the more you are exposed to a medium, the least likely you are to have favourites
Favourite novel and novelist.The Myth of Sisyphus, CamusFavourite poetry book and poet.Les Fleurs Du Mal, BaudelaireFavourite play and playwright. Hamlet, ShakespeareFavourite philosopher. Based NietzscheFavourite classical piece.The death of the Swan, tchaikovskyFavourite popular music album.Deathconsciousness by Have a Nice LifeFavourite film.The Tree of Life, Terrence MalickFavourite director. based Terrence MalickFavourite painter.KandinskyFavourite painting.Maybe the Starry Night by Vincent van Gogh
"Charles IV of Spain and His family"interesting
Moby Dick; or The Whale and Thomas HardyThe Cantos and William ShakespeareJulius Caesar and William ShakespeareSoren KierkegaardTannhauser OverturePet Sounds The LeopardHoward HawksRenoirAlmond Blossoms by Vincent van Gogh
It's not about interests being narrow, it's about being off topic. If you see /lit/ as a gathering place for tasteful individuals like yourself instead of a place to discuss literature you're an idiot that needs to get a life.
Go ahead and discuss literature. Here you have people with very different taste, find anyone you can discuss literature with and do so.
Fuck you I reported the thread. Hope it gets deleted, as it should.
You really should just relax man. Obviously this thread has generated some interest hence the number of posts already, so you should just relax.OP just seems interested in how multi-dimensional interests possibly influence, or, make up our literary interests. This thread is harmless and you need to relax
Are you being serious right now?
1989 by Taylor SwiftOf all the albums you could have said
Your insomnia is getting the best of you.
I have not posted mine yet, fyi.
DostoyevskyOde on a Grecian Urn, KeatsdunnoFreddy NietzscheThe Magic FlutedunnoOrpheeCocteauLeonardopic relatedinb4 pleb ;
It is a great painting by an author of wicked genius.
Show me a straight man that doesn't like Taylor Swift and I'll show you a liar.
inb4 plebSounds cool to me, and Magic Flute is badass.
The Book of Disquiet, Milan Kundera Don't really read poetry, but would love recommendations based on other things I like Don't watch plays, don't plan to WittgensteinSchoenberg Op.4 Unwound - Leaves Turn Inside You The Color of PomegranatesKurbick Rothko honestly none
inb4 200 posts of shameless posturing
Favourite novel and novelist.don't have one, O'Brien or BeckettFavourite poetry book and poet.Blake, Songs of ExperienceFavourite play and playwright. Beckett, EndgameFavourite philosopher. NietzscheFavourite classical piece.The Miraculous MandarinFavourite popular music album.Songs of Faith and DevotionFavourite film.Russian ArkFavourite director.GreenawayFavourite painter.TurnerFavourite painting.
RothkoWhy do you say this?
Novel and NovelistLove in the Time of Cholera, By Gabriel Garcia MarquezNovelist would be HemingwayPlay and playwrightPygmalion, by George Bernard ShawShawphilosopherNietszchefilmThe World's End, 2013painter and paintingAnything by Monet, Monet in general
fucking faggot and his opinion which is different to minei smell anal pain
I'm autistic, so art tends to resonate with me on a highly intuitive level proceeding my brain's evaluation of context, technique, and similarly constructed measures of merit. Of course, while I could very have posted, say, Egon Schiele, I would be answering favorite on a basis of respect rather than love. maybe he warrants a "why do you say this?" too, I'm really out of touch. That being said, nothing evokes the same engrossment or intensity as Rothko, for me.
Holy shit a Toa Tahu pepe.I never thought I would see this one daytfw new Bionicles never
Favourite novel and novelist.Jakob von Gunten; Maurice BlanchotFavourite poetry book and poet.Things of This World; Guy ViarreFavourite play and playwright. Honestly don't have any favourite play and will go with probably BeckettFavourite philosopher. DeleuzeFavourite classical piece.I'll go with contemporary classic, Well-tuned piano by La Monte YoungFavourite popular music album.9-5 Physic club by HTRKFavourite film.The Angelic ConversationFavourite director. Béla TarrFavourite painter.Adriena ŠimotováFavourite painting.there isn't any particular all-time one
I wasn't being a dick, I was genuinely wondering. I went to a Rothko exhibition when I was in my mid teens and I genuinely felt nothing, and looking at his works on the internet similarly evokes no feelings for me. I can see why someone would say Schiele, but not Rothko. Do you aesthetically value something like the seagram murals?
Jakob von Guntenmah nigga
Schiele is Klimt for teenagers, and not in a good wayHe's like those pictures on tumblr that you see and think, hmm that's interesting, and then forget having ever seen 10 minutes laterRothko is ok though
Favourite novel and novelist.Les mis. No favorite novelistFavourite poetry book and poet.les murray. No favorite bookFavourite play and playwright.Fiddler on the roof. ShakespeareFavourite philosopher.GirardFavourite classical piece.cello suitesFavourite popular music album.Merriweather post pavilionFavourite film.Probably Apocalypse Now. Tough oneFavourite director.Don't really have oneFavourite painter. DaliFavourite painting. Christ of st john of the cross
New to literature so these first ones will be plebFavourite novel and novelist.The Brothers Karamazov currently reading and DostoevskyFavourite poetry book and poet.Don't have onFavourite play and playwright. Hamlet is good, so Shakespeare I guessFavourite philosopher. Marcus AureliusFavourite classical piece.Don't listen to much classical, Chopin's Nocturnes are niceFavourite popular music album.The Money Store by Death GripsFavourite film.Zerkalo The MirrorFavourite director. Either Tarkovsky or BunuelFavourite painter.Either David Lynch or Edward HopperFavourite painting.Either Excursion into Philosophy or Impression Sunrise
being this gay
Ulysses, Virginia WoolfCathay, Percy Bysshe ShelleyRichard II, ShakespeareMarxDunno, I like Chopin's Mazurkas.Uhhh Television, Marquee Moon?Life of BrianGodardRothko?The City Rises by Boccioni
Yeah, I do like the Seagram Murals. The constitution or principles to his work don't really hold any value for me. I don't believe there's a manifest reason to why I like him. Very simple things elements of art, and the world, seem to fascinate me on a level below aesthetic appraisal. Oh
Favourite novel and novelist.Moby-Dick Melville and Anthony TrollopeFavourite poetry book and poet.Paradise Lost Milton and A. E. HousmanFavourite play and playwright. Hamlet Shakespeare and William ShakespeareFavourite philosopher. Michael OakeshottFavourite classical piece.Shostakovich's 9th symphonyFavourite popular music album.Actually Pet Shop BoysFavourite film.The Tree of Life MalickFavourite director. John FordFavourite painter.J. M. W. TurnerFavourite painting.Rain, Steam and Speed – The Great Western Railway TurnerReligion.ChristianityPolitical worldview.Classical conservatismPolitical party affiliation.UK Independence Party paid memberSexual orientation.Homosexuality
fuck me, bougie had it way too good
Favourite novel and novelistNovel: To The Lighthouse; Novelist: DickensFavourite poetry book and poet.Hart Crane: The BridgeFavourite play and playwright.Shakespeare: Antony and CleopatraFavourite philosopher.KantFavourite classical piece.WinterreiseFavourite popular music album.Tom Waits - Small ChangeFavourite film.The SearchersFavourite director.TarkovskyFavourite painter.BruegelFavourite painting.Landscape with the Fall of Icarus
Currently reading "The third policeman" and really enjoying the experience. Damn fine comedy, some references to de Selby actually made me laugh out loud.
The Long Goodbye/Raymond ChandlerFlorentine Nights/ Heinrich HeineThe Clouds/ Aristophanes OR The Physicists/DürrenmattPlatoPiano Sonata No. 11/MozartStr8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton/Eazy-EThe Big SleepFritz LangKandinskyArchitectural Visions of Early Fancy in the Gay Morning of Youth and Dreams in the Evening of Life by Joseph Gandy
, 
New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
i'm surprised to see john marco on the fantasy charthe's the first fantasy author i really likedwhat's the castle in the clouds supposed to mean?
Cosmerefag reporting in, happy for an excuse to sperg about the Cosmere.
I'm new to this board so sorry for probably beating a dead horse .Are Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy a good read? Or are they just entry level garbage for dumb-dumb's?Also recommend some essential entry level books that aren't garbage. I got really into reading about a year ago and i don't really know where to go next.
About to pick up Dune. I tried reading it a while ago, but didn't make it past page 100. I'm going to give it another chance.As far as what I've read so far:American Gods - Neil GaimanIt was all right. It really picked up toward the end. I found the main character kind of flat. I know that's how he is supposed to be, but still. I will probably read Gaiman again in the future.Lucifer's Hammer - NivenProbably the best post-apocalyptic novel as far as realism goes in terms of the science and what would might actually happen if a comet hit us. Not as convoluted and literary as The Road, which I liked. It is a bit dated since it was written in the 70s.The Wise Man's Fear, Patrick RothfussOkay. Not as tightly plotted as the first book.The Dragon Reborn - Robert JordanI like Jordan, especially for his world-building. I don't think the third novel is as good as the first two. From what I've read, it goes downhill until Sanderson picks up the story. It's still good, just a lot more words with less happening.Several Star Wars books authored by Drew Karphyshyn.Fun reads if you like the Star Wars universe.
Definitely not entry level garbage.Not everyone likes Tolkien, but his world building is second to none. I'm glad to have read these before the movies came out. It's the quintessential quest plot line, and most if not all modern fantasy is influenced by it in some way. It's a must read, even for non-fantasy readers.
Oh, forgot to add another.The Book of Strange New ThingsI enjoyed this one. A literary first contact story. Some things are left unexplained, but it's still a good read.
what's the castle in the clouds supposed to mean?You'd have to read Wolfe's "Wizard Knight" to find out.
Lord of the Rings is kind of important to the genre because it sets the tone for everything.It's got a detailed world, mythological characters, and defines a lot of fantasy concepts that influenced pretty much everyone.That's the surface level stuff, but it's a good read from a literary perspective because of how it's been interpreted. Tolkien's fantasy wasn't just straight up fantasy, it was deeply-laced with commentary on his values, beliefs and how he saw the world and spirituality. There's plenty of allegory and symbolism in it, to the point where people who treat LOTR as just the baseline for fantasy See: Peter Jackson are missing much of the point.On the other hand it's very long, very wordy, and often very slow. Compared to the Hobbit which is a much more accessible book with more relatable characters, LOTR I think has a lot of trouble breaking free of the mythological aura to show the cast as real individuals.But then that's also important to understanding the genre too, because that part of LOTR has become detrimental to a lot of books who tried to ape it.I don't know if I'd say start with it, but I think it's good to read it at some point because it's key in understanding how the genre is the way it is.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Way of Kings, Brandon Sanderson Recent purchases?Assassins Apprentice, Robin HobbUpcoming releases you're excited for?ASOIAF continuing pleb I know
Read The Hobbit. Then read other stuff until you get the urge to return to that world. Then read Lord of the Rings.But yes, it's definitely worth reading.
This is pleb-y as fuck, but what's some good sci-fi or fantasy with a cast of characters who interact, and at LEAST one or two waifu-able female characters who are cool and interesting and are present in the book or series a lot?
actually that was why i was asking, because wolfe has used it before in both the wizard knight and castleview, and i'm not all that sure what the imagery originally meant
And New Sun. I'm a Wolfe scholar and I don't even know. Please other anon, do tell.
The Book of the Long SunI would follow General Mint in battle.
Firefly.
Yeah you're right, dunno how that slipped my mindThere might be some significance in Severian thinking he sees a castle in the sky, even though it actually isn't one. Haven't really thought of that before.
Same anon, I figure its a symbol of hope, Heaven or paradise.
I agree.
watch Firefly for the first time as it's airingcrush on Kayleewatch Serenity when it comes onRiver is amazinggo back to watch FireflyKaylee is annoying and my list goes River  Zoe  Inara  KayleeWonder what happened.
OP here. Thinking of creating a detailed OP with some resources in it. What should I include?
Reposting from the last threadNew to Fantasy/Sci-Fi and really reading in general. Here's my current Summer Reading listBlack Company Book of the SouthFirst LawDuneLOTRA Lovecraft collection I picked up a while agoA Howard/Conan collection if I can find one in townKingkiller ChroniclesAnything else you'd suggest? I'd like to add some more Sci-Fi to the list.
G O R M E N G H A S T
Sci-fi? Try some Dick & Asimov. Also Neuromancer
after i finish the current book i'm reading i'll start reading the gormenghast booksjust as long as that fig from goodreads doesn't show up, i'd be glad if the threads had a few staple works to discuss to death
Read Revelation Space for your sci-fi fix.Remove Kingkiller Chronicles.
What are those books about? How are they written?
generalsplease /v/
you don't have to open the thread, faggot
They're good.Because it doesn't have the quality to justify the length.Gets better with each book.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Road and Perdido Stree StationWhat SF/F books have you read this year? When Gravity Fails, Book of the Short Sun, The Name of the WindWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Wolfe, Vinge, Herbert, GRRMRecent purchases?PeaceUpcoming releases you're excited for?Winds of WinterWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Anything that attempts to be literary, even if it fails.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Severian.
What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Easily Barjavel's Enchanteur. Not the most canonical, but definitely the most enjoyable.tfw named after an Arthurian charactertfw taking gf on vacation to Brocéliande
What SF/F books are you currently readingabout halfway through Rimrunners, 3 books into Chanur, re-reading Blindsight and the Risen Empire duologyWhat SF/F books have you read this year?finally got around to reading Culture stuff, Player of Games was pretty good when it came together, but Excession was my all-round favouriteWho are your favorite SF/F authors?out of my limited palette, probably WattsWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?the hard end of sci-fiperhaps I'm just bad at finding books, but I need more hard sci-fiso far I've gone through:wattscherryhmorganstephenson
Is there a translation of that?
 it sets the tone for everythingI like how you worded "it is the last original thing to come out in the genre". Tactful, Anon
In this order:Lord Dunsany, William Morrison, Robert E. Howard, Lovecraft, Jorge Luis Borges, Tolkien, Philip K. Dick, Ursula K. le Guin, Isaac Asimov, Frank Herbert, Terry Pratchett, Douglas Adams, full stop. That should get you started and, hopefully, finished. Because everything out there rips these guys off.
No.hyped trash.The King of Elflands DaughterThe Worm OurborosThe MabinogionConan the BarbarianJirel of JoiryFafhrd and the Gray MouserThe Broken Sword + Three Hearts for Three LionsAll betterAll written before or at the same time
because it sets the tone for everything.So much of fantasy draws far far more from Howard and Leiber
Severian is an Apollo/Christ/South American god avatarNot ArthurianWolfe has written two Arthurian inspired storiesCastleviewThe Wizard Knight
PKD is trash
Marc? Btw Marc Aramini is going to publish a two volume book on Wolfe. I'll try to buy it.
I've just started the Book of the New Sun. I honestly didn't think it was going to do anyhting for me but holy shit. I actually cried of joy at some descriptions and phrases. It's just so beautiful and uncanny and Borgesian at moments. I can hardly read it without wanting to put it down and think about it at length.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Book of the New Sun and a Pratchett book every two days, bless them pdfs.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?I've read none, care to suggest something?
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Healers War by Elizabeth Ann Scarsborough, 1989 Nebula award winnerWhat SF/F books have you read this year?The City & The CityMission of GravityMythago WoodThe Wild ShoreCities in FlightHer Smoke Rose Up ForeverWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Leiber, Brackett, Ellison, Le Guin, Zelazny, Tiptree, Wolfe, RobinsonUpcoming releases you're excited for?Aurora by Kim Stanley RobinsonWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?The Mists of Avalon by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Book of the New Sun isn't Arthurian at all. The Wizard Knight on the other hand is really neat and too subtitle for its own good. Also why are sf threads the only good ones on lit? All these wanabee patricians and I'm only discussing literature here.
but holy shitwe've got another one
Is the Wizard Knight worth it? It's because people here actually enjoy what they read and the act of reading probably.
the cutest science fiction author ever?
yeah

pick up random nautical-themed fantasy noveldon't even look at the author, it's in a secondhand store and the blurb is interesting enoughread itsort of enjoy itthere's two sequelsread themget so fucking mad at the fucking ending and the fucking asshole authorlook at the authorit's Kevin J. AndersonServes me right. In summation the Terra Incognita Trilogy is shite and probably the worst fantasy novel series I've ever read, not simply because it's bad but because it took my interest and choked it to death and pissed on its' corpse.
And yeah, it's a really solid book. It's grown on me in retrospect a lot.
only looks at the author's name on the books after finishing three of themI don't believe you.
No really, it was like a four-month long brainfart. My brain just didn't connect this Kevin J Anderson with "that" Kevin J Anderson. Then it hit me like a ton of bricks.
Possible.Most of his SF was
a friend of mine recommended me Lyonesse, i have a shit ton of things to read already, is it worth it?
Replace Kingkiller Chronicles with something good like Gormenghast or Book of the new sun or the Swords series by Fritz Leiber
I've only read the first one but it's pretty good. I like Vance's unique style.
I'm trying to write a science fiction novel but I'm already stuck on what to do for the first sentence. I'm also stuck on if I should use first person or third person omniscient narrative.
If you've never written before avoid first person like the plague. You don't have a sense of balance yet so it'll either be full of I's or go off on way too many tangents. Third person is easier, just make sure the perspective is anchored on whatever character you're focusing on, so that way you don't float off into space and end up getting too infodump-heavy.As to the first sentence, just don't worry about it and come back later. Your first draft is rough for a reason, you'll learn more about writing as you go and you can always come back and apply that knowledge to stuff you wrote earlier. tl;dr don't worry about getting any one sentence or paragraph just right, your goal right now should just be to write out the entire book and fiddle with it once you're done.
Sorry I explained my situation wrong. I dont know if I want to useAs the impact sirens blared, Olivia removed the duffel bag from underneath her bed. or Olivia removed the duffel bag from underneath her bed as the impact sirens blared.for the first sentence.
Second one's better, sounds more definite. As is kind of a wishy-washy word and sometimes people overuse it.
Thanks. I'm probably going to show up more about the wording of my sentences and shit.
Good luck with your second sentence.
It's cool, there's no such thing as a stupid question.
What about this one?
Deep.
Where did you read that Wheel of Time gets worse after TDR? Just curious because I have never seen that opinion before.
I'm working on a space opera thing. I have this idea for a mad scientist type figure. Think futuristic Frankenstein. What do you think of the idea of having him just out floating alone in some solar-powered ship manned entirely by computers where all he does is set the course then go do his mad science?The basic idea is that he's working on a specific thing that's in violation of interplanetary law and also the mores of his day, and doesn't want to be bothered while he works.
Scratch that, I'm retarded
He'll need characters to play off against.
The Lady of the Lake gives Severian his sword.
Philip K Dick is shit, Frank Herbert has only one book actually worth reading, Terry Pratchett is shit, and so is Douglas Adams.
what one book is that?
Unless I'm forgetting something, no she doesn't. There isn't even a Lady of the Lake in the text. What happens with Terminus Est is a reversal of the Arthurian Lady in the Lake scenario.
Dune. Though God Emperor of Dune has its moments that make it somewhat worthwhile.
The Lady of the Lake gives Severian his sword.The Lady is an impotent old man who tortures people for a living.
Any love for John Wyndham here?
of course, gotta love the day of the triffids, that book probably got me started on reading
There are lots of blogs and recommendations on books or series for fans of "Game of Thrones", but what I'm really after is books that are similar in depth of character / character development. I don't really care if it's scifi or not, but I've checked out all of the common recommendations and none of them really fit the bill. I'm not looking for "epic fantasy" or "gritty setting" or "historical basis" or any of that stuff, I'm just looking for stories with deep, well-written characters interacting with each other. In that context, does anyone have some perhaps off-the-beaten path plugs I could check out?
It always annoys me how people refer to 28 Days Later and The Walking Dead ripping the beginning off each other when they more than likely both got the idea from Day of the Triffids.
i never really realized that, but they really do steal it straight from the day of the triffids, with the hospital after an injury and everything
In most legends Arther gets the sword from the stone, before losing it in the lake and the Lady returns it to him.
No IIRC he tries to fight the black knight but the black knight breaks his sword and merlin saves his life and he brings him to the lady of the lake to get a new one. Also the scabbard for the new sword saves his blood or something.
A swallow carrying a coconut?
He gets them eventually. Early on he's all alone, and that itself provides some of the conflict, but his situation changes quite a few times.
He didn't get it from the stone and it wasn't returned.
I need a word to replace 'put on' At the top floor, she put on the hazmat respirator...I just don't like the way it sounds and I've also tried slipped on, adorned, donned, and harnessed but none appease me. inb4 just go back to it later It bothers my ocd/perfectionism to much to continue
don, she donned the hazmat respirator
At the top floor, she donned the hazmat respirator from her duffel bag and exited the cargo lift.I guess it will have to do but something still bothers me in the sentence.
I don't like "At the top floor", although I am reading this sentence alone and it might fit better in a paragraph. Just a thought.
She donned the hazmat respirator from her duffel bag and exited the cargo lift as it reached the top floor.Would this work or should I replace 'as' with 'when'?
That reads much better. It really is going to take you eons to finish this book if you keep up this level of scrutiny on the first draft.
first draftI'm one those of those guys that edits his essays while writing them to avoid multiple drafts. I'll probably write it by hand first, type it up to check for any spelling or grammatical errors, make certain scenes more descriptive if needed, then be done with it.
The longer the piece, the less viable that is. For a book, it's just not doable. Unless you're doing something frenetic like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, it just won't happen. And even then, Thompson had been writing for a very long time, and as hard as it may be for some to believe, took writing very seriously and worked his ass off at it.
Well even without Day of the Triffids its an effective way to start that type of story off.
/lit/ has a general nowIt's over, next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophy, heck, while you're at it why not make a religion general since we hate talking about that so much too.If you feel bad about your tastes being bullied by anonymous virgins on a siamese stamp trading forum then I suggest you go elsewhere, because this place is not for you.The worst part is that this won't solve the issue at hand, people will still pollute the board with pointless threads and all that will come of it is to create a hugbox within which you can discuss the same topics over and over again with the same likeminded autists day in day out.
It's over, next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophy, heck, while you're at it why not make a religion general since we hate talking about that so much too.They have been a thing for a while now newfag.
What is it with you people and this irrational dislike of generals.There is nothing wrong with them.
Yet they never stick, because /lit/ isn't that kind of board. If you want to circlejerk and samefag your same 4 crappy recommendations ad infinum then take it /out/sideThere's nothing irrational about it, any interesting points have already been discussed in previous threads, recreating the same thread with a different picture won't change that.Not to mention the entire notion attracts denizen's of a certain straight edge website that I won't dare mention in fear of tussling some sanders.
Just hide the thread, nerd
open fantasy novelit has a mapINTO THE TRASH
next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophynextYou're a retard. I bet you bitch about summer and /pol/ being here "for the last 6 months".
I'm I the only one who can't read the chart because it's fucking 200x471?
The show has more, and less fun, rape than the books.
I like maps though. They're neat.
currently readingHyperion. Literally just stated.what books have you read this year?I am Legend, The Forever War. And a few other books that aren't sci-fi.I liked I am Legend, though I wish it had been longer. And that ending, I don't know how I feel about it. It was cool to have it end with the book title, but ... yeah.I didn't like the constant focus on homosexuality in The Forever War or the way everything gets resolved in the end just because. Like, he doesn't even give an explanation, he just says it's beyond our ability to understand. Everything else was good though.
i love how he became the vampire of the vampires
Upon reaching the top floor...
Hey guys, I don't really browse /lit/ much, but I'm looking for some fantasy books to read - preferably with a focus on magic.While your opinions of Eragon may be less than positive, I enjoyed the time Paolini spent on developing the magic system used in the books, as well as creating the vastly different cultures of the various races in the books.Any recommendations?
I like Moorcock, but he is a massively bitter cunt whose opinion should be taken with a mountain of salt, especially since 80% of his output is trash written for the money.With regard to The Forever War, I feel like a lot of sci-fi does that when it goes into "big idea" mode.
mfw read a fantasy series where the author was also a cartographermade his own mapsThat was really fucking cool and a nice surprise.Don't read past Hyperion.
What's a good order to read them in? Just go by publication order?
I'm about 50 pages from finishing pic related. Should I move onto Deadhouse Gates, or Night of the Knives? Should I just read all of Erikson's books before Esslemont's? Is there a solid reading order?
I just started reading BlindsightStarting your book with a Ted Bundy quoteHmm...
Fuck literature.
I'll never understand why people are against generals. You get one thread to ignore/hide on a topic you don't care for instead of 20, or conversely you only have to pay attention to one thread instead of 20 on a topic you do care for, what's the negative?
In theory I would agree with you but go to /tv/ or /mu/ and read the general threads there, it's like a super concentrated cancer. People probably worry that general threads are the beginnings of /lit/s transformation into /mu/ or /tv/
I haven't read any of his work but Brandon Sanderson is super autistic about his magic from what I've heard.
What's the name of a two-pronged spear? pic related
A three pronged spear is called a trident, so I'd guess a bident would be accurate.
Turns out my guess was right:"A bident is a two-pronged implement resembling a pitchfork. In classical mythology, the bident is associated with Pluto, the ruler of the underworld, while the three-pronged trident is the implement of Poseidon Neptune, ruler of the sea and of earthquakes.EtymologyThe word 'bident' was brought into the English language before 1914,[1] and is derived from the Latin bidentis, meaning "having two prongs".[2]"
bidentWhat an ugly sounding word. But that's not the droid I'm looking for. It's on the tip of my tongue.
Theyre very Shakespearean, with heavy doses of Poe. Not very fantasy aside from the impossibly huge castle setting, the ability to control animals, and something else thats a spoiler. The author was a painter by trade. So prepare for a guy that 'paints' scenes and characters with prose. Very descriptive & beautiful. Also has gothic influences like Dracula/Phantom of the opera. I think a gene wolfe fan would enjoy the nuances of the plot. A GRRM fan would enjoy the intrigue between characters. Also I swear Rowling ripped off Peake.1st two books are essential, third book is very skippable due to Peakes mind detoriating early in the writing process and eventually dying. For an ending read the separate short story Boy in Darkness.Its a tragedy, with themes of Anarchy vs. Tradition.
The lance of Longinus?
Dresden Files? First couple of books are pretty crappygets better, but the underlying magic systems are interesting and reasonably consistent.
But he started it with Gourevitch and Hemingway quotes?I like his chapter quote selection.that Æon Flux quote out of nowhere
Guys, can I get some feedback on this piece of Sci-Fi?I've only written the first chapter.
Theyre very Shakespearean, with heavy doses of Poe. Not very fantasy aside from the impossibly huge castle setting, the ability to control animals, and something else thats a spoiler. The author was a painter by trade. So prepare for a guy that 'paints' scenes and characters with prose. Very descriptive & beautiful. Also has gothic influences like Dracula/Phantom of the opera.I read this much of your post without seeing the context of the thread and somehow guessed you were talking about Peake without having read his work or even knowing anything about him.
I really quite enjoyed it. Not much of a critique but I'd definitely want to keep reading.If this were a short story at the end Gira would find out he'd been in the rift the whole time.
Oh I forgot to actually explain the plot part of "what its about" lolFollowing a daily system of meaningless, complicated rituals is the "religion" of the people of Gormenghast. Soon Steerpike does a Rash Thing that causes a big paradigm shift in usual way of life in the Castle and the forces of change come to Gormenghast for the first time in centuries and sets the boy on a path of lost innocence. The protagonists:young & troubled Steerpike the cooking servant, who uses opportunity, his acrobatic eavesdropping skills, and his wit to rise quickly through the ranks.Titus, heir to the throne, who like Steerpike is adventurous & rebellious even in the first book when he's still an infant although in a less selfish/malevolent way. Doesn't really care for his inheritance as much as the concept of freedom from rules and boredom. The books strengths are definitely characterization and atmosphere. Muh prose fags will adore this shit. Some extremely memorable scenes too.I rank it to be on equal ground with Lord of the Rings and Book of the New Sun.
Sadly I have more artistic integrity than to leave it there and make a tweest ending.Thanks for the positive thoughts anyway, as long as I can write something someone wants to read...I'm happy.
Steerpike REALLY reminded me of Lucifer from Paradise Lost. Favorite character hands down was Mr. Flay and his cracking knees.
It puts me in mind of Neuromancer and the like.
If I got published and someone referred to me as "This generation's William Gibson", I'd be beyond happy with that.
Good luck with it. Hopefully someone who actually studies writing can give you a better critique than I can.
Is it bad that I imagine Ardee looking like Remy Lacroix?
How do you guys feel about purposefully incorrect science in your science fiction? The story I'm working on is full of nonsensical technobabble that in no way tries to sound like plausible future science in the way something like Star Trek would do.For example, in one part the MC is having a space duel with the villain, the space pirate Rocketlegs, who has solid gold rocket boosters for legs. For most of the duel, the MC is just circling around Rocketlegs and keeping a distance. In the end we discover that the MC has been placing tiny machines in the space around them, and when he's finished they form a force field around them, and fill the enclosed space with oxygen. Then the MC turns on a powerful magnet in his rocketcycle, which, now that there's oxygen to carry the magnetic waves, pull Rocketlegs' rocket legs away from his body, leaving his adrift and easy to capture.
It doesn't matter as long as the comedy is good.
It wouldn't bother me that much, but surely you can just make up some bullshit that sounds plausible rather than something that we know isn't right.
For example, in one part the MC is having a space duel with the villain, the space pirate Rocketlegs, who has solid gold rocket boosters for legsWould read.
oxygen to carry the magnetic waves
It's not that it gets bad, it just feels too... spread out? There's too much going on at once, so many substories that it's hard to really get into them. Sanderson came and sort of focused everything.
he could not abide the idea of.This is a neat effort, but don't end sentences with prepositions.I love it, are you specifically making fun of Hugo Gernsback's "educational" stories?
Thanks. But there's really no legitimate reason you can't end a sentence with a preposition. As long as it's something you don't make a habit of.
Has anyone here read Hyperion? I'm trying to get my sister into sci-fi she's a fantasy fan; GRRM is one of her favorite authors.I think she might like Hyperion or BotNS, but I'm curious if the characters are any good. Are they? She likes good characters.
Just reread Trickster's Choice last night, still immensely enjoyed it.I wish I knew of more books that dealt with spying/espionage in a fantasy setting.
Hyperion is a good choice for her, very character-focused. The characters are varied and there is some good chemistry/interactions between them.I'm not entirely sure it would be a good introduction to sci-fi, though. It's been a while since i've read it, but from what I remember I imagine it might be quite difficulty to get through for someone without interest in sci-fi, although as she likes fantasy it might not be a problem.I would suggest 'Dancers at the end of time' or 'Ringworld'.
Better in BotNS than in Hyperion, but not terribly strong in either
The Hyperion Cantos was shit. Maybe if she only read the first book.
Book of the New Sun isn't something you give someone to get them into sci-fi.
What's with the "General"? If you want to discuss something start a thread about the topic.
It's more practical for the people in here and the people out of here for a general to exist. Keep fantasy in one thread so the fans of it can find each other, not let it spill out into the board as five different threads that bother the delicate eyes of the /lit/ population.
You mean like this thread to discuss the topic of science fiction and fantasy?
are you retarded?
Generals are a slippery slope. They've destroyed every board they've touched and lit will be next I guess.Thanks, fantasy boys
Is it summer already?
If you're going to hang around the pretentious hipster board, the least you could do is make your own ignorant opinions anon.
This book any good, or just another self-insertion masturbation fest?
then just close the thread, you fucking faggot
Good book. Fun read. Interesting lore and world building.Hard to avoid a bit of the Mary Sue trope when doing heroic fantasy, but it is still a good read.
First book is good, second is average at best in my opinion.The prose itself is good but the second book has a large amount of subplots that either don't read well or end up being pointless. I liked it well enough at first but on a reread I really just started to hate it.
But Hyperion and Fall of Hyperion are essentially two halves of one book, Simmons said so himself, and it was split by the publisher.Should change it to "Dont read Endymion"
So I have a few pages written for my sci-fi novel and I just realized that:it switches between past and present tenseit's not very descriptive there's no dialogue at allnot even the mc's thoughtsWhat should I do?
pagesnot very descriptiveno dialogueHow awful. Have you considered writing a play instead?
I could write another play, but to write one under the science fiction genre would feel weird.
stop writing novels, start writing short storiesthey're easier to learn from and execute and you're evidently in need of some serious practice
Finish it, fix your problems on the next draft. Repeat process until you have no problems.
^
Any chance you want to compare work? I recently finished my first solid draft of a 6.5k word short story with similar structureAll plot/event/ and little description and dialogue.
6.5k wordsI don't even have 500 words written.
You said a few pages, so I assumedobviously incorrectly that it was similarly formatted.I have mine size 11, 1.5 line spaced in word...500 words is a page for me.But if you want to pastebin yours or something I'll be happy to read it.
Just got back into fanatasy after a long stint reading the Greeks. I've been reading The Black Company and so far its great, im only on the third book but it hasn't disappointed
Fix it. Fix the tense. Pick past or present and stick with it. Past is better.
So I should stick with third person limited with past tense?
I have a few questions for anyone willing to help me out.What's some actually fun sci-fi pulp I should read?Is there anything you can recommend that gives a vibe like Pitch Black, especially the ship at the beginning with all the levers and shit required to fly it?I've mostly read cyberpunk, though I have read a bit of Asimov and such. Are there any books that can scratch a similar "people on a spaceship" itch to Star Trek and Babylon 5? Are there any shows you can recommend to me that I'll like if I enjoy Star Trek and B5, for that matter?Does science fiction often do the whole "15 books to tell one long-ass story" thing like fantasy does? Not counting stuff like Stainless Steel Rat, where each book is a separate adventure, even if they do follow a chronological order.Basically, help me into sci-fi if I cannot into really dry shit and really care about interesting characters.
I'd highly recommend Altered States, as that has incredibly interesting characters and ideas. However, it may not be what you want from a sci-fi book.Other more straightforward answers I would give are Gibson, maybe something like Ender's Game.But if you've read cyberpunk, you've at least read Neuromancer, right?
Ender's GameForgot to say. I've read Ender's Game and the entire Ender's Shadow series. Card himself is kind of a tool, though.I've read the whole Sprawl Trilogy, and Snow Crash.
That's the best one to start with. Present tense is less weighty and more frantic, and first person requires a lot of experience and balance to get right.
Try C.J. Cherryh. I'd start with the post-Downbelow Station stuff, though.
Been reading about her on Wikipedia. Sounds really interesting. Any specific titles you can recommend? Would it be alright to just start with the beginning of the Foreigner Universe series?
the Empire is evil
Are you saying you dislike the "evil empire" thing in general, or expressing the opinion that the Empire in Star Wars is not evil?
Empires are evil because they're expansionist. If they're not expansion is, they're kingdoms.Everyone likes kingdoms.
How do I get into Lovecraft?
houllebecq's biography, shadow over innsmouth, or mountains of madness
Read everything Lovecraft wrote.Ignore the fanfiction.
I finished Snow Crash and The Sprawl Trilogy awhile ago those last two books were OKAY at best... How would I like The Diamond Age?
Mountains of Madness, Shadow Out Of TimeReally, just pick some random HPL story and get reading, it's not like his entire collected works aren't onlineHow did you like Snow Crash?I asked Neal Stephenson a question when he did that io9 Q&A a week or two ago, but he never responded.
I think the beginning and climax were pretty strong. The world building was great, but the characters aside from the female lead lacked depth and personality.
Everyone likes kingdoms
In fiction, not reality.
Personally, I feel the same way in fiction.I would read the fuck out of some republican fantasy, me. Small-r republican, if that needed to be clear; not making a statement about American politics here.
The Powder Mage books are just the French revolution in a Fantasy world.
People love kingdoms, because they love royalty for the same reasons: Power, status, role, things that are inherited. A protagonist born into a royal family has a role to play, burdens to bear, and power to wield, yet they also have a wonderful bonus: A lack of responsibility.If you're a prince who fucks up, you don't have to shoulder the guilt or shame of failure internally, you can just blame it on the nature of your birth. You weren't cut out to be king, you weren't cut out to be the descendant of a great wizard, or whatever. It's the kind of story that appeals to readers because they relate to blame-shifting. We all do it.Hell, it's the same logic that there's so many romance stories about unlikely couples forced together by circumstance or arranged marriages that turn out well. You end up with a lovely partner but didn't have to find them yourself, and you're forced into the relationship so if the relationship goes sour, it's not your fault. People who fight to obtain power Emperors, Warlords, people who are aggressive in courtship sluts and harlots, people who build themselves up from nothing and become politicians corrupt fatcats and greedy businessmen, arrogant geniuses, These are the ones we hate. We hate them because they succeeded in bearing the burden of free will and self-determination, while we sink into the fantasies of having power and love and wealth handed to us just for existing.Aren't humans great?
I don't think that I've ever read a more masturbatory novel. Mc is a character whose sole purpose is being better than everyone in everything. He sings the unsung song, fucks a sex goddess, is taught by the legendary teacher who doesn't teach anyone else... So yeah. It's on the level of an average doctors who fan fiction.
that was a great post
Why not? It's the best sf out there. You don't give it to plebs and le quirky different tumbler chicks.
precisely because its the bestwhy have them plateau with the first thing they read?also, to get the fullest experience from it requires knowledge only found through reading the lesser works to deathhow else would all of wolfe's inverted tropes be appreciated?there's also far too many references to mythology, history, and religion to gleaned by a pleb's first reading of it, but i guess the slow discovery of those things would enhance someone's opinion of the work if they managed to pick up on them.
Just stick through the first one, things get much better in DHG.
Are there any bad books in the SF Masterworks?
The very definition of the latter.Was still shit. I don't like lazy authors.
Rimrunners and Merchanter's Luck were where I started, Rimrunners in particular I liked, but they'd both satisfy your requirement for interesting characters.Alternatively, her Chanur books. They're kind of odd as far as general sci-fi goes in that there's really only one human character, but they do a fantastic job of both alien mentalities and the difficulties of cross-species communication.
It's a self-insertion masturbation fest.
War of the worlds was pretty terrible.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Last Command - 3rd book in the Star Wars Thrawn Trilogy. I have never touched anything EU and was told this is the best there is. Honestly, it's barely good enough to finish. The prose is bland, the characters are pretty good, but the story is lackluster. I don't feel like there's any real danger to any of the characters. The villain, a supposed military tactical genius, never does anything of note. However, I bought the trilogy and I'm gonna finish the trilogy.What SF/F books have you read this year?Considering I started back reading last year...quite a bit.- A Song Of Ice And Fire 5 books- Stormlight Archives 2 books- Kingkiller Chronicles 2 books- Farseer Trilogy 3 books- Tawny Man Trilogy 3 books- Dresden Files 15 books- Fool's Assassin - The Gentleman Bastards 3 books- The Strain Trilogy 3 books- Thrawn Trilogy 3 books- The Warded Man read 1 book and dropped series- Broken Empire read 1 book and dropped series- First Law Trilogy read part of 1 book and dropped because of RL shit. didn't give a fair chanceWho are your favorite SF/F authors?I don't know if I have anyRecent purchases?Thrawn trilogy, Gardens of the Moon, The Eye of the World, Mistborn books 1-3Upcoming releases you're excited for?Next Fitz and the Fool, KKC, Stormlight Archives, ASOIAFWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?no fucking ideaWHAT THE FUCK SHOULD I READ NEXT
I would recommend Snow Crash and Neuromancer of you are into cyberpunk at all.
i am. thanks for the rec
im probably going to get shat on for this, but i gave Red Rising by Pierce Brown a chance with extreme skepticism because of the hunger games comparisons, and the first half had me thinking i wouldnt pick up the second book, but its like he hit his stride halfway through. im on the second one now and im enjoying it.its really derivative and can be compaded to a summer popcorn movie, but it does what its meant to do well.
Are there any fantasy stories set like, after the middle ages?I've been wondering if there's any set in the 19th or 20th centuries involving some of the typical fantasy fare, but set during, or after the industrial revolution.
The temeraire series from naomi movie is set during the napoleonic wars. Not exactly typical fantasy fare, and the historical inaccuracies in some of the latter books in the series really bug me like Napoleon making an alliance with the incas, but it's a really good read imo
Can someone recommend me some HIGH high fantasy? Something where the story isn't grounded in any normal type of reality. Only example i can think of is 2001
thats science fiction you retard
they have way too much PKD
the bible
That isn't fantasy and you probably want to check out Philip K Dick, Borges and Gene Wolfe.
And don't have Gene Wolfe past fifth head of Cerberus.
Then how come I hate most of the Lannisters but love Brienne, Littlefinger, and Theon? Theon specifically because he's working his way back from nothing, and rebuilding himself.What is dead may never die!
Jonathan Strange and Mr. NorrelSeveral of the Discworld novels, though admittedly I am not overly familiar with the series and only truly follow the City Watch books
yes there is, look at any board with generals over time and you will see that it becomes more and more segregated into individual generals and non-general threads fall by the wayside until its a bunch of boring hugboxes.
Or you know, people hate Emperors and Warlords because they are inherently far more aggressive than a King is most of the time.
Then split the generals from the nongenerals like /v/ and /VG/By the gods this isn't hard to understand
Okay, /lit/. I just started an internship at a museum. Some days, it requires a lot of reading. I don't mind those days. Other days, it's a lot of moving shit around. I have a feeling this will become boring quickly, and as such, I want something to read on the commute there and home, and during my lunch break.What's some good sci-fi adventure, like space-Conan or something? Is there anything like that coming out in the late 90s, 2000s, or this decade, or do I need to go all the way back to the Barsoom books?
Book of the New Sun. Kinda. Not really. It's an adventure I suppose and it is sf and the protagonist has a sword. Don't know anything else. Maybe Chiapas Cain?
chiapas cainMexican version of Ciaphas???
Probably spelled it wrong mate.
Quite a lot, if you include secondary world settings.China Mieville's Bas-Lag stuff.I think Adrian Tchaikovsky's insect books would fit that too but I found them to be mediocre.The Half-Made World by Felix Gilman.Not sure what you're asking for here. Maybe Vellum by Hal Duncan?Not in space by maybe Age of Zeus by James Lovegrove? Just don't expect any depth - it's basically a campy action movie.
Thanks for the chart, I'll stick to reading it that way.
I was a failure in gymnasium, barely passed. My basic allgemeinbildung general knowledge I guess? is absolute trash.I am quite honestly, fucking dumb and I know little of anything outside my little comfort zones.What are some of the best sites that aim to teach, teach in general or about certain subjects? I know Wikipedia has good articles, but there isn't a teaching/guiding POV in there - it's just database of information.
What's your goal? What are your interests?
Goal to know and understand.interestsI have my few, select interests covered somewhat. It's not those areas I lack, that much. FWIW it's weight training, law, technical aspects of shooting a movieAnything teaching goes. Give me a site that teaches me to fix Golf R32 and I'm happy. Give me a site that tries to make one understand physics and I'm happy, or one that aims to make you a michelin chef. I feel so fucking stupid and useless with my shit for brains around other people unless we talk about the few things I know little of, listed in spoilers.

I T ' SL E G I T I M A T EF A S C I S T Sit's a poll about your top five favorite books. there is no priority. this is a repolling done so as to remove the bias that was within the last poll.one vote per user, and so on.
quit posting that horse
And what if she read this comment? Who do you think was gonna feel the most sorry, you or her for being born? Think on that.OPIE, Google says your link doesn't work, and I wanted to vote too.

She would probably think the OP is a weirdo for posting pics of here on 4chan
link should work
I want to lick that horse's hooves. Her sexy sweaty hooves. I want her to put her horse feet on my face and neck while she blogs about books, fucking patrician ass books. She can read them while she stands on my fucking face with her big horse cloppers and rubs them up and down on my fucking pleb face.
That's secondary. Feelings of inferiority and social unwantedness are given higher force.
I want her to fuck me in the ass with her enormous centaur dick
..and she would be wrong, how?..and shes not going to be filing restraint orders in 5-4-3..
implying I'm giving you my gmail accountWho do you think you are?
filing a restraint order on every single person on /lit/okay buddy
The more you autists spam this horse, the more I find her attractive.
I can't access the identities of the gmail accounts of those who have posted their responses to the poll thus far. It's completely anonymous beyond entering your email so as to preserve the one user = one vote thing.
IM GASPING FOR AIR
So I can just make a bunch of Google emails and spam The Bible and Infinite Jest? Cool!!

fuck you mane

Whoever voted for Murphy is cool
Hot
bump
How many fucking polls do I have to vote in?
this is the last one buddything is, in the previous one, the op miscountedand then ran away, apparently.i didn't see a recount in the results thread, at leastso.a repoll to have an actually accurate view of the populacewherein individuals can't easily spam
can you stop being such a fag about the bibleyou don't have to be a massive christfag to like it
Feelings of inferiority and social unwantednessMan where are you pulling this from?I agree with that anon. Stop posting that horse, I am here for literature.
thanks for bumping this killer thread, champ
This thread is important to learning what /lit/'s actual favorite books are.
I'm not a christfag and I'm completely fine with the Bible having been ... 8/10
Booktubers are a cancer on /lit/.
Well I would vote but you're a reganposter so I'm not going to. Enjoy your flawed poll that doesn't accurately represent /lit/.
7/10
I'm gone for like a week and some grill gets posted. who is this?
SHut up and just vote on the poll retard
just didn't notice matebut these were what happened:thenwas mentioned in some booktubers thread and it kinda snowballed from there
who is she ?
she's so cutei wanna eat her out for hours while she talks about books
She's like an American version of my ex I can't stand to look at her face.
look around yourself dude.peruseproject.tumblr.comtwitter.com/peruseprojectinstagram.com/peruseproject
fresh OC
pls no more like this
I cant' stand to look at it, but for a completely differnet reason
which is
The book you last read describes your sex life.What was it?
A Clockwork Orange, bit rough.
Civil Disobediencefuck me
Homotopy type theory
Tristia, or Lamentations, by Ovid. Seems about right.
Theodor Mommsen's History of Rome Book IV
Gulliver's travels, bit freaky, I guess.
A book called You Should Stop Posting You Fuggen Redditor
the woman in the dunesi couldn't even appreciate the pathos of the book because i had dfw no gf so bad i just wish i was stuck down there in that hole
Candide lmao
Evelinechoice
Lolitatfw it's right
Les Miserables...Toothless blowjobs?
Asphyxiante culture by Dubuffet.mhmm, weird.
Moneymight as well happen if i get desperate enough
Lady Chatterley's LoverOh, if only.
the sun also rises
Robinson Crusoe;
Siddhartha.achieve enlightenment through contemplation of a riversit on the edge of a mass of flowing and undulating pussysounds about right.
The Emperor's New Mind
The Idiot.
Lolita #1Lolita #2Lolita #3shit's so cash
I would fuck those tight tadpole slits so fucking hard. Find out if tadpoles can bleed- If you get me.
100 Years of Solitude;_;
Infinite JestDamn...
FrankensteinSpot on
The Sorrow of Belgium :
Sounds hot and disgusting at the same time
The seven pillars of wisdom.A gay orgy with old grey haired academics comes to mind.
The road.
Fear and Trembling
biology of microorganismsmust be referring to my penis
top kekI'm reading History of ancient greecefeels like a pederast
What is philosophy? by D&GYup, pretty much. tfw Truth is a woman and she won't let me into her bedroom ;_;
fuck, same here
The sound and the Fury lolzorzroflbbq
Long Walk to Freedom - Nelson Mandela.
The Loeb Classical Library's "Greek Anthology"Vol. 1, Book VErotic EpigramsClose call. I'd been reading "The Sorrows of Young Werther" earlier last night...
The Ego and Its Own. Masturbation is my property.
After many a Summer dies the Swan. Fitting title, because my love life is dying.
tfw the last book I read actually was "The Ego and its Own" because of I wanted to understand /lit/ memesMy sex life is very individualistic... Right now I'm reading "Homage to Catalonia" so maybe I'll get to fug a Catalan qt?
on the other hand:Siddhartha.reject asceticism and, so as to be experienced in the ways of the world, be taught in the ways of love by a mistresswhat joyous dreams
The Ego and Its Own
I dodged a bullet there.I finished that book before reading lolita.
Popular Music From Vittulamh, bretty gud
The insights of solitude. Masturbation all the way.Not a big deal btw i support late virginity.
Something to Be Desired
The OdysseyMy wife may be cucking me, but on the other hand I get to have loads of sex with beautiful nymphs and witches. Not really complaining.
mfw The Foundation makes good use of technology miniturization
The Notebook, The Proof, The Third LieFugg :D How I wish this weren't accurate
discuss
capitalism has many faults and a return to spirituality would be a good thing in a mechanized, soulless amoral world.don't see what there is to disagree with him about tbh. when he's done with his marxist phase, as it is impossible to be an idealist for life, he will be the next offshoot of evola, detailing the madness of the kali yuga.
and a return to spirituality would be a good thing in a mechanized, soulless amoral world.It is, if the point is to make people satisfied with their condition of agents of a mechanized, soulless, amoral world.There's a reason why when societies reach maturity "schools of life" start replacing their "schools of thought"
implying capitalism *sniff* is not *sniff* much more *sniff* spiritual *sniff* than any *sniff* form of religion
Obviously meant to quote 
bourgeois wankerbelongs in the gulag
I think he makes a few mistakes but he would make a good PM if he runs in 2020
bump
My biggest problem with Brand is that he hsells this idea that revolution and left-wing struggle is this cool sexy thing, which I only wish I could believe in, because when you actually get to know the Left and its history you realise how, from the outside, it's probably one of the least appealing political enterprises in existence. This is more or less why I've learned to appreciate Chris Hedges a lot with experience: the way he seems completely dead inside is a lot more consistent with the way I feel when I realise I have to force my way through yet another grad student's philosophy paper or another economic history book filled with comparative data about the welfare systems of Germany and Portugal in the 50's.
how the fuck does anyone actually think thisBrand is one of those cunts who yells people down, assuming that they don't have a point without ever actually listening to them. He'd be an awful PM.
Unless of course we consider that the concept of property is preposterous, like a Native American chief, Great Elk or one of them, who when us lot By “us” I suppose I mean white Europeans. You might not be one; I hope you’re not, actually. Sorry for unconsciously addressing this book to imperialistsGandhi, an extremely efficient revolutionary, is perhaps most admired for his excellent deployment of “nonviolent protest.” The ingenuity of nonviolence is not immediately obvious to us, the inheritors of a world built upon martial means, but the principle is almost like mathematics. Authorities are trained to deal with a particular kind of conflict, violent conflict, so by using violent means you are entering the territory that they are best qualified to control. Also, by becoming violent you are tuning in to the frequency that you are trying to overcome, the frequency of violation, violence FM.“Be the change you wish to see in the world,” said Gandhi. If you want a nonviolent world, you cannot use violence to achieve it.Human beings, who want the best for their families. David Cameron said, in a rare foray into compassion, “Hug a hoodie.” He was right—we should. We should also cuddle a copper. Was that a bit “Yeah, man,” a bit reductive? It will be: The solution will not be rarefied, the Revolution will be televised, and it will be easy and based on simple things, like interconnectivity and union. Or love.In fact, I must mention that I was interviewed by the police during the writing of this book, and the WPC who questioned me was so resolutely lovely, judicious, and kind, I nearly gave up on the whole revolutionary caper. There were cups of tea and codes of conduct and tales of public marches in her former life. In fact, though, this just confirms my thesis that people are beautiful and Revolution inevitable. We don’t need to grow compassion in a petri dish; everyone’s fine—we just have to scrape away a few repellent systems.
He'd be better than Cameron and blair mate. I think he needs to flesh out his ideas some but he's got a basic grasp on political philophy and he's read capital by thomas pikkity so I think he could help take us in the right direction.
He'd be better than Cameron and BlairFucking empty headed actor on his ivory tower with his useless platitudes would be better?Worm.
By “us” I suppose I mean white Europeans. You might not be one; I hope you’re not, actually. Sorry for unconsciously addressing this book to imperialistswhite guiltFucking hate that bastard already.Gandhi, an extremely efficient revolutionary, is perhaps most admired for his excellent deployment of “nonviolent protest.” The ingenuity of nonviolence is not immediately obvious to us, the inheritors of a world built upon martial means, but the principle is almost like mathematics. Authorities are trained to deal with a particular kind of conflict, violent conflict, so by using violent means you are entering the territory that they are best qualified to control. Also, by becoming violent you are tuning in to the frequency that you are trying to overcome, the frequency of violation, violence FM.Fairly well said. Most people see Gandhi as some kind of saint who never wished anything but peace, but the truth is that he was a brilliant strategist. He realised a violent revolution would not be as efficient as a peaceful one. A peaceful one would also receive an international recognition. Mandela realised the same. If you want a nonviolent world, you cannot use violence to achieve it.Idk m8, it's worked all throughout history. See Roman Empire, American Civil War, World War 2, etc. etc. Human beings, who want the best for their families. David Cameron said, in a rare foray into compassion, “Hug a hoodie.” He was right—we should. We should also cuddle a copper. Was that a bit “Yeah, man,” a bit reductive? It will be: The solution will not be rarefied, the Revolution will be televised, and it will be easy and based on simple things, like interconnectivity and union. Or love.This guy seems like a fucking hippie. "love will fix all our problems". No wonder these fuckers turn Communist/Marxist. In fact, though, this just confirms my thesis that people are beautiful and Revolution inevitablePolice=evil bad guys is such a retarded black and white perspective and I get the vibes that he thought so before a cop invited him for tea and biscuits.
does zizek really believe this?
Who really cares about politics if it's not real politics American politics.
Fairly well said. Most people see Gandhi as some kind of saint who never wished anything but peace, but the truth is that he was a brilliant strategist. He realised a violent revolution would not be as efficient as a peaceful one. A peaceful one would also receive an international recognition. Mandela realised the same.The Indian revolution would have never happened if everyone followed Gandhi only. There were actually many violent groups that did a lot of work and as a collective were arguably as important as. Gandhi is just the cool peaceful dude that looks good for papers m8.No real social change has always been achieved without a bit of violence.Idk, seems like a rich dude talking middle/upper class romanticized revolution ideas to me. The type of person that when shit gets real condemns a lot of actions of people who actually need shit to change.Haven't read, so it's not like my opinion means anything. But I think I'll pass it, thx :
Brand is an insufferable cunt. All he does is string political buzzwords together with made up intellectual sounding words in between them.
newspapers*has ever*damn I'm sleepy sry
Russell Brand would be the first one to hide or pay for protection if a revolution broke out. Or maybe he'd just move abroad.
If you don't need more reasons why Russell is a fucking idiot. He did a interview with Owen Lewis for the guardian.
empty headedHe's actually quite intelligent and lucidly spoken, my friend. Not sure how you judge smarts.
he really suggests no alternative to the current world. he suggests alternative ideas but ideas are just cots in the machine, if he wants a revolution he needs to reinvent a better machine, which he failed to do in this book. It details ways that the current world can be improved like with the section on food production and his criticism of captitalism but he suggests no way to safely impliment these without the current economy or system crumbling. In theory this book would work buthe needs to work out a better implementation before it can be taken serious.
I judge "smarts" on the quality of ideas produced not on being "intelligent and lucidly spoken"
He is far smarter than people give him credit for, and the way people judged his book/statements as if it was supposed to be a serious work of political philosophy is ridiculous.His points are actually very simple, but nonetheless worth making.I also can't stand the crushing irony of people in the media and politicians laughing at him for not talking or acting like those normally involved in politics, when a big part of what russell brand is getting at is the closed club Oxbridge-yness of politics which doesn't allow for any dissenting voices, and is deeply deeply conformist.
OP, read the book properly. If you genuinely want to discuss the book; ask a particular question, make a particular point, give /lit/ something to work with. Don't try and steal others interpretations of it under the guise of a discussion. Which, I could be wrong in suggesting, but as your not really engaging with Brands ideas - and merely making quick comments, it's seem like that may be what your doing here.
ok
not at all actually
"10/10 – it's shit."–Ign
Bp
No.
If you want a nonviolent world, you cannot use violence to achieve it.Idk m8, it's worked all throughout history. See Roman Empire, American Civil War, World War 2, etc. etc. What do those things have to do with nonviolence? None of them made the world more peaceful. War still happens.
He has some good ideas though, read his book. The crux is that we need a fairer wealth redistribution mechanism and a return to mythology/spirituality, two things that capitalism has robbed us of.
Capitalism has robbed far less spirituality than leftists dogs
fairer wealth redistribution mechanismHow about abolishing the money-form altogether?
Nah m8, leftism is a product of capitalism, so all that stuff? Capitalism's fault.
fairer wealth redistribution mechanismBANKERS THE BONUSANKERS
No capitalism fosters the growth of the human spirit
Hey, strawman and reductio ad absurdium all you like, doesn't change the fact that the world's wealth is heavily unevenly distributed. The top 1% controls a disproportionate amount of wealth. A politician like Brand could change that
The crux is that we need a fairer wealth redistribution mechanism and a return to mythology/spiritualityHitler believed the same thing.
Hurr durr lets distribute more wealth and be like totally spiritual manEmpty headed
That's a longer term goal; socialism is the path to it
Because Brand is the only person to have noticed that, right? Lmao. Read some proper Marxist literature, mate.
This, he's rehashing the same old ideas that any fucking Western college student could tell you about
Irrevelant leftist who knows nothing about how the world works and changes his mind faster than a politician lies.
Hey, Marxists these days have crawled into the woodwork a bit. I think they're still licking their wounds following the collapse of the USSR. Plus they are seen as too dull and bland and associated with authoritarianism. What we need is a new rEVOLution like the one Brand talks about ;
reblogged
No, socialism i.e. "social democracy" is merely a pressure valve for capitalism.
He's a pretension 'bourgeois liberal" wanker.off to the gulag
I don't think so, in places like Cuba the regime openly identified as socialist and stated it was a stepping stone to communism. So describing it as a pressure valve for capitalism doesn't make sense. Be sarcastic as you want, we know where we want to take this. We can enact change without relying on theories formulated by some crusty old austrian dude
Alright, you know how these companies and 1% got rich?The 99% bought and used their goods and services. The ones who are truly responsible for the way the wealth is spread is high horsed smug middle class macbook buying students like yourself who fail you realise they are the problem in the system.Russell Brand is a coward and a self promoted man of the people, when if fact he dated a child of the rich family in the world! A ROTHSCHILD.YOU MAKE THEM RICH
Alright, you know how these companies and 1% got rich?Exploitation and unfair practices compounded by using the historical intertia of an imblanced trade systemThe 99% bought and used their goods and services. The ones who are truly responsible for the way the wealth is spread is high horsed smug middle class macbook buying students like yourself who fail you realise they are the problem in the system.Ad hominemRussell Brand is a coward and a self promoted man of the people, when if fact he dated a child of the rich family in the world! A ROTHSCHILD.Ad hominem
Bravo.I have never see someone miss the point this hard.Way to miss the point.
Shouting FALLACY without actually responding is a fallacy within itself. Or are you going to whitewash over that too, since you obviously don't want to consider responding?
The problem is that Brand never provides concrete solutions to these problems. He vaguely defines problems which everybody is already aware of instead of saying 'Here are my very specific and defined solutions to these problems".
In the case of Cuba it is a pressure valve for authoritarianism. It's a reluctant compromise designed to declaw radical politics; a futile attempt at buttressing power structures that will inevitably be washed away by the tide of history.
Who cares about being crusty or oldOh wait you just follow the celebrity of the week like a sheep
Read more Heidegger, fascist
Alright, you know how these companies and 1% got rich?The 99% bought and used their goods and services.It's so simple! That isn't even analysis. It's a truism that doesn't take into account everything that produces value.
Russel Brand is what happens when a complete idiot develops strong verbal skills.
He's a good talker but his writing is laughably bad.
REMINDER that marxism is a past theory which we must discard to make headway. STOP living in the past.
No, I take your point that I'm simplifying it.But my point was that the 1% would not have been able to become the 1% without the assistance of the 99%.No he's a horrible speaker.He makes his language archaic and complex to give the idea that there's fully fluffed thought supporting it.Exactly the same way those atheist fedora quotes are just utter try-hard nonsense.
No he's a horrible speaker.Not when he's being funny.
I wasn't talking about his comedy specifically.But when he's trying to make serious political commentary he comes across as someone who has just swallowed a dictionary and tries to use complex words and phrasing for the sake of coming across as intellectual.
Brand is just a celebrity mouthpiece for the typical all-ideals-no-solutions leftist. He is not a politician, he is not a philosopher, and nothing in this book is particularly revolutionary in thought. I personally tend to agree with him but, unfortunately, his ideals do not apply to the real world. As far as the British economy, Capitalism is far too ingrained in society for a Communist system based on compassion to ever be successfully implemented. On the other hand, his moral ideology is actually a hindrance to equality in that, in forming the basis for most of his arguments, it distracts from the problems that actually affect the welfare of the population. For example, the EU is a neo-liberal playground that serves businessmen and bankers over the well being of the general populace, but demented leftists overlook this in favour of touting 'peace and co-operation'. Brand himself rejects any argument against mass immigration because he favours the wonderful ideas of 'tolerance and charity' over recognition of the destructive effects of overpopulation and the inevitable strain between incompatible cultures within communities. As a self-identifying socialist, I would love his ideas to be applicable and relevant, but that's simply not the case. He's written a bible for left-wing idealists which, rather depressingly, is about as relevant to the real word as the Holy Bible taken literally.
Capitalism was a definitive improvement over spirituality. Soullessness is the opposite of amorality.
You are *incredibly* dumb
He makes his language archaic and complex to give the idea that there's fully fluffed thought supporting it.Exactly the same way those atheist fedora quotes are just utter try-hard nonsense.You may think is his style is stupid and I'd agree with you, but you are not his intended audience and the results he's getting show that he's certainly a good speaker.
no u
Good for him.
I don't care what he's going to say if he's not going to put forward some sort of outline of a policy proposal.If he's not name-dropping Frederick Soddy, C.H. Douglas, Gottfried Feder, Irving Fisher, etc. I don't give a shit about what is basically glorified complaining.
Mandela realised the same.Mandela wasn't a non-violent revolutionary, he was the leader of an extremely violent revolutionary force that did ritualised torture, executions and bombs for publicity.You'd know this if you ever read anything about south Africa and apartheid so the fact that you're saying it means that you just assumed that it is the case that Nelson Mandela was the leader of a peaceful protest movement like Ghandi was simply because you hear their names mentioned together so often.
Fairly well said.Yep, but a great deal of time has passed since gandhi did his last protest. the police is prepared now, and even if they aren't it doesn't matter at all, they have provocateurs among the lines of every single authorized protest.I'm not particularly keen of violent protests but I hear so much bitching in my country everytime some protesters allegedly go apeshit that it makes me wanna puke.This is just dumb rhetoric and the fact that it fucking works on everyone genuinely makes me mad.
Spirituality and capitalism is both very general terms. I bet he wants people to love more too

capitalism is very spiritual on its own
 discussno.
why is it his job to tell people what to do, why would he? art never does this.
Good point.
I'm liberal, but the people who subscribe to Brand's thinking are no less embarrassing than the Tea Party.
It's less "telling people what to do" and more "telling people what it is to be done"
brand is a christian thinker at his core. if you don't like christianity you can fuck off you backstabbing traitor degenerate. he proposes an objectively much more authentic christianity than tea party people.
assistanceThey also had to exploit them a lot
They usually end up improving the world and making it more civilized ie. roman rule.
roman civilization is often called hell on earth and compared to american civilization simply because of the amount of decadence, lack of original, authentic culture. it was full of brutality, coldness and spectacle. quite literally the worst imprint of a society in human civilization.
Hitler also wore pants.You don't wear pants, do you anon?
Idk man, Rome was basically antiquity's fascism, WWI led directly to WWII and didn't solve anything, and WWII didn't solve any problems while it created countless new ones.
Sophistry intensifies
Politics are a social construct.
come on bruh, trying to say he sucks because he actively tries to use a more intelligent vocabulary is about as surface level and sophist as you can get
politics are a manifestation of the internal problems of the state of Being at any given time
So?
Not when I browse /lit/.
, 
I'm currently reading Juliet Barker's Agincourt, which is very detailed so far, and I've also bought The Golden History of the Mongols since my historical knowledge is very Eurocentric.What are your recommendations for informative historical non-fiction books? I've looked at the sticky but I want testimonials. Preferably either British history, or non-Euro.
I've been reading biographies of American presidents lately.John Adams - David McCulloughAmerican Lion - Jon MeachamThomas Jefferson: The Art of Power - Jon MeachamThe most interesting part of all for me was reading about the friendship that John Adams and Thomas Jefferson rekindled in old age.
My interest is in Roman history, which is outside of your description, but "Rubicon" by Tom Holland is excellent.
Turnbull's The Samurai: A Military HistoryFoote's The Civil War: A Narrative
The Civil War: A Narrativethree volumes, 2,968-pagesSeems detailed as fuck, that will keep me busy.The book on Samurai also looks good, thanks.I know very little about American presidents, so they sound good, thank you.Already read it. Love the Romans, and it's a great book.
bump
The Guns of August is the undisputed GOAT for getting into WW1
It's 50 years old and WWI historiography has made large strides since then. Better alternatives are Christopher Clark's The Sleepwalkers or Max Hastings' Catastrophe 1914.
This is a must read. In fact, you should be reading this right now.pic related
hey i got this book opdid you get it cause i did? there it is on the left lad
Here's some nice book recommendations my history prof was kind enough to give me. They give a nice overview of the beginnings of the US through the Civil War. Although, it leaves out the Mexican-American War, and for that I highly recommend Amy S. Greenburg's A Wicked War.
I'll look into these. Thanks.Got it because it'll be the 600th anniversary this October and I wanted to educate myself a bit. Nice bookshelf by the way.That looks quite comprehensive, thank you.
, 
I'll just leave this abridged guide to Spanish prose I made some time ago. Pre-Renaissance:Anon - Cantar de mio CidDon Juan Manuel - El conde LucanorArcipreste de Hita - Libro de buen amorRenaissance:Fernando de Rojas - La Celestina*Anon – Lazarillo de Tormes*Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo – Amadís de GaulaBaroque Golden Age:Cervantes – Don Quijote de La Mancha*Gracián – El Criticón*Quevedo - Historia de la vida del Buscón, llamado don Pablos; ejemplo de vagamundos y espejo de tacañosMateo Alemán - Guzmán de AlfaracheIllustrationJosé Cadalso – Cartas MarruecasRomanticism:Gil y Carrasco – El Señor de BembibreFernán Caballero - La Familia de AlvaredaRealism & the “Generación del 68”Leopoldo Alas Clarín – La Regenta*Benito Pérez Galdós – Fortunata y Jacinta*Pedro Antonio de Alarcón – El sombrero de tres picosJuan Valera – Pepita JiménezXIX Century-Today lots of movements: modernism, regenerationism, tremendismo…Unamuno – La Tía Tula*Valle-Inclán – Tirano BanderasPío Baroja – Zalacaín el aventureroJuan Ramón Jiménez – Platero y yo*Ramón J. Sender – Requiem por un campesino españolFrancisco Ayala – La cabeza del corderoTorrente Ballester - La saga-fuga de J.B.Camilo José Cela – La familia de Pascual DuarteCarmen Laforet – NadaFerlosio – El JaramaGoytisolo – Señas de identidadAntonio Muñoz Molina – El Jinete Polaco[* Canonical works]A drama edition is in the works.
could you recommend some spanish works that could help me learn the language? Relatively easy ones that are still good.
ctrl + fno Arturo Pérez-Reverte's Altariste novelsno Javier MariasA MIGHTY NEED
have been visited byTHE PICTURELESS BASTION OF POLYGLOTTERYYou will learn one language for every letter in the alphabet during your lifetime, but only if you postTHANK YOU BASED ARGUELLESin this thread.
no Arturo Pérez-Reverte's Altariste novelsNot sure if this is just a bad trolling attempt or a lowly pleb.
Start with the Spartans.
Just looked up Gracian and he seems interesting. Does anyone have an English translation of Criticon? Not on libgen
"Platero y yo" by Jiménez is an excellent poem written in prose that used to be of compulsory reading at school. Also check out the works of Camilo José Cela "La Colmena", the one up there and some modern theater, like Antonio Buero Vallejo "Historia de una escalera".
Sorry I cannot help, but if you manage to get a good translation you will enjoy an outstanding work of art. If I were to choose the second best novel written in Spanish, "El Criticón" would be my pick.
Bump for good
subjectivity, objectivity, aesthetics, metaphysics, ontology/epistemology, phenomenology, etc etcwhat other ivities, ologies, ics', isms should I add to this list of ideas/concepts that someone ought to understand fairly well before beginning to read the big books of philosophy? or should i really just start with the greeks? is it a bad idea to familiarize myself with what all these words mean before i start reading nietzsche, kant, heidegger, hume or whoever.
Man I sure do love Schmitt and Foucualt and Benjamin! And what? There is someone who is basically rigorously working with the both of them in a way that is pointing to new political horizons? Just got it in the mail, excited as fuck to read the first chapter on the exception Wait, why is he talking about language and parole? Why the fuck is it necessary to bring up Hegelian notions of language when talking about the exception? Fuck, now he's making reference to minor episodes in the Bible and relating them to syntagms and paradigms, which in some way apply to the example and the exception. God dammit, did he really just bring in set theory? Do you really have to keep making cryptic, paradoxical reversals of inclusion and exclusion?Interesting overall though. I can tell it's gonna take me at least a month to make it through this little book though. Anyone else here a fan of Agamben?
Have you ever considered getting a job and organising a strike?
I really want to start reading Agamben as well, but his way of writing is kind of hard to get into.Are there any shorter writings of his essays, lectures, interviews..., or any selected chapters that one could read as a sort of introduction?
Schmitt and Foucualt and Benjaminremove foucault
Homo Sacer really isn't that daunting. The only difficult section is the final section of the first part, 'Form of Law', which takes a cryptic Kafka story and "elaborates" on it in an air-thin mystical manner that seems to have no content whatsoever. The entire thing becomes much clearer with the concept of Force-of-suspendedLaw in State of Exception. Other than that it's just an interesting but disjointed study of a range of historical concepts that seem to be vaguely related to a theme and he gets a free pass on the lack of focus or coherence because the research is "cool" and the entire text is filled with strange vapour-thin concepts like 'a zone of indistinction between inside and outside'.He is not as good as Schmitt, Foucault, or Benjamin but he is the best successor to those thinkers who are otherwise neglected as a group.
the concept of Force-of-suspendedLawa zone of indistinction between inside and outsideThings like that made me think of Derrida which I have read before. I guess I should probably get better knowledge of Schmitt, Benjamin, and Arendt.He is not as good as Schmitt, Foucault, or Benjamin but he is the best successor to those thinkers who are otherwise neglected as a group.I've never really thought of grouping them either. What I'm especially interested in is how Agamben brings together biopolitics, and law and sovereignty. Foucault makes juridical and sovereign power rather distinct from biopolitics, at least in the sense that the latter is a relatively recent invention while the former two become subordinated to or overshadowed by it. As far as I understand please correct me where I'm wrong Agamben argues that on the contrary biopolitics is inherent to Western political tradition, as seen in Aristotle's definitions of zoe/bios, and that sovereignty and juridical power have not lost their importance. In what ways can this be seen?
Wait, why is he talking about language and parole? Why the fuck is it necessary to bring up Hegelian notions of language when talking about the exception?is your thought process really this much like a teenage tryhard
bump
are you daft?
It progressively gets comprehensive as you get through the book. You should just read through first, and then deep read a second, third, etc. time. The last section makes the most amount of sense, but I guess that's partly because he relates a lot of his concepts toward contemporary events. Good shit though.
I don't think my thinking with Schmitt would have been complete if not for Agamben. I took Political Theology in a very straightforward way as bringing into question the concrete character of the sovereign and the decisionistic/personal foundation of the legal norm with only a hint of the absolute terrifying power in the hands of the sovereign. Agamben unravels the latter in a profound way and with such conclusions that make me question not the workings of sovereignty and the law, but their very fundamental logic. Shame he hasn't done much with the Concept of the Political given I think that is where Schmitt comes closest to Heidegger another of Agamben's nodes of thought. But his new book on Stasis Civil War might actually be moving in that direction.
Yes, The Concept of the Political is of course Schmitt's single most profound work. A political equivalent to Being and Time.
As a huge fan of Schmitt I've had my eye on this book for awhile. Too bad my university library doesn't have a physical copy. One day I'll get on it for sure though.
agamben is fascism for grad studentsfuck 'em
There it is, I dropped the big bad wordFeels fascist.
Agamben is on the meme-Christianity bandwagon
Christianity is a memeI don't know who's baiting who anymore.
It's such a short book that I don't see the great need for a paper copy. A pdf should be fine.
Nah, Christianity is relevant as fuck regardless of any academic trends because many modern things have their origin there, Foucault wrote about this in multiple contexts.From the looks of it that book probably talks about biopolitics in Christian monasteries. One of the obvious and still relevant characteristics of these monasteries is their emphasis on inspecting oneself deeply to find what one truly has in mind without being aware of, making a sort of "hermeneutics of oneself" to see what comes from God and what from the Devil, and finally telling this to someone else because the Other functions as a figure of God in the act of confession, it makes one ashamed and is thus the true test of the purity of one's thoughts. This conception of the self as a collection of hidden subjective data yet to be interpreted, brought to light, and evaluated has its origins there, and we still live in this world to that extent even if we're not connecting it to religion or morals.Another characteristic is their disciplinary system due to their very strong emphasis on obedience or renouncing one's will. Disciples had to do only what they were told and nothing more, and they had to do this without any hesitation. They had all sorts of exercises in this. While disciplinary power might not be the main form power anymore, it is still very much alive today.And that's just a very shallow summary of Christian monasteries. Christianity as a whole has left many other relevant traces.
Why would anyone want to do this?
Why does sovereign dictatorship require democratic form in Schmitt's view? Is it because of *legitimacy*, dictatorship being exercised in the name of the people rather than just arbitrarily coming from the sovereign himself?
Schmitt's historical investigation of dictatorship recognises sovereign dictatorship as a modern innovation of the French revolution and an analogue of a mechanistic, deistic worldview which eliminates lasting transcendent authority and the requirement for obedience. It inaugurates democratic logic by the assertion by Abbé Sieyès of a constituting power, a pouvoir constituant, which can rival and overthrow a constituted power premised on dynastic or divine legitimacy.
This book is a trap, right? I struggled with it at first but soon realized that all the text that matters is contained within the DIALOGUE, which is very easy to read, and the descriptive text serves no purpose.
it is exactly the other way round
Yeah, the dialogue in this book is no trouble at all, especially towards the end.
Assuming you're not trolling, you might want to try again in a few years.
Should be noted that this also applies to Finnegans Wake.
Which historical figure has had their character assassinated the hardest?I'd say this guy or Macbeth off the top of my head. Romanians generally seem to think Vlad Tepes was the greatest leader they ever had while the rest of the world thinks of him as Dracula or a baby-killing fiend.How does that happen? Was there an organized conspiracy against him or was he just the unlucky subject of a popular vampire novel?
A Hitler
I really feel stupid for not seeing this coming.There might still be some truth to this though. I think of Hitler as more of a Robespierre-type character. A sensitive eccentric who got a lot more power than he could handle due to popular ideas and strong speaking abilities and eventually went from sort of unstable and neurotic to practically mad.Really, the blame for the holocaust should be spread across all of the higher-ups among the Nazi's, and maybe even the rest of Europe for treating Germany like shit and creating the bitter and hostile environment that breeds madness like radical politics, massive wars and genocide.Also, after studying the French Revolution in school I seemed to be the only one who liked Robespierre by the end.
Macbeth was a real person? Dammnit Shakespeare.Dracula, I mean Vlad was probably just unlucky.Also Marie Antoinette. All she did was buy a few dresses and wigs, get married off to the wrong king, and suddenly she's the biggest spendthrift of all time. The "Let them eat Cake" was a lie!And if you wanna get ancient, there's the Egyptian Pharaoh Hatchepsut. She was erased from history completely for a while there and we're not even totally sure why. Then when her story WAS uncovered, artists and writers make her into some ancient evil step mother.Don't defend Hitler, dude.
Francis Bacon.Do you have any good book recs about the French Revolution?
Simon Schama's pretty good. I generally find him agreeable. As a British man he doesn't feel the need to defend or skim over any of the ugly stuff for the sake of pride.
like Robespierrepost ending in 666confirmed for satan
ALCIBIADES DID NOTHING WRONG
King George III by the Thirteen Colonists.Those bitches were the least taxed people in the Empire, and yet they still bitched about getting taxed and threw a bitchfit anytime George III tried to raise revenue and he only did that to partially fund the defence of those colonists.George III didn't even pass the taxes. Parliament did. Anybody even passingly familiar with English politics post-1688 understands how little power the monarch had over laws such as taxation. If you want to blame someone, blame Townshend. Blame the Colonial Board. Hell, blame the mismanagement of the East India Company, but don't blame the king. He was just responding to a bunch of rebellious d-bags.
Royalist scum pls go.Those bitches were the least taxed people in the Empire[citation needed]
Napoleon.
Page, Anthony. "Britain and the Seventy Years War," 2014. p. 34
I think that aside from the manlet thing Napoleon doesn't really cop it. He was an excellent military commander and leader but also did away with all of the idealism of the revolution for the sake of order, which I suppose was sensible, but so much for virtue.
William wallace. Im pretty sure hez not that mel gibson, actually i read he waz an aristocrat among his ppl and rare participated in battales let alone lead
Well Vlad Tepes was cruel, but probably no more so than other medieval lords. Although the 'spike up the bottom' punishment was a torture rather than just an execution the victims often survived hours impailed, if not days, there are plenty of worse devices that have no 'patron lord' to be remembered by. Romanian stories, as far as I know, tend to focus on the safety of the region or Vlad's tactics against the Ottomans so maybe that's why some appreciate him so much.
MacbethHistorical figure

They think Michael the Brave was their best
Hello /lit/, let's discuss The Castle.I know people like to boil Kafka's major novels down to critiques of bureaucracy or totaltarianism, but I think that is greatly discrediting them. I see Amerika as a sort of comedy of manners, showing the absurdity in cultural traditions and classism, and The Trial as heavily tied to the idea that everyone is guilty when scrutinized by the law and so it is only a matter of who the people choose to have looked into that are charged.But what of The Castle? I have read up on the theological reading, but I don't quite get the transcendental vibe from the book. What do you guys think?
It really is about bureaucracy and totalitarian-administrative states. But also about how silly it all is at the micro-level.Or maybe it's just about a lot of stuff that happens and people try to make sense of it all.
Let's discuss that cover! Yeesh!
it seems to me entrance to the castle is spiritual enlightenment, the rewards of religion. but none of the townspeople ever achieve this, it is only the faith, the idea that it is achievable that keeps the society in order. those inside the castle are the only ones who reap this faith's true enlightenment in the form of their power. like zizek says about bureaucracy as a form of religion
I think Kafka's novels are more dream-related rather than anything else most of the 'totalitarianism prophecy' theories seem to me little more than a circle-jerk pose tbh.The Trial has some very obvious dream imagery/vibe to it, with all the absurd events e.g. the clerks falling through the hall in the floor, the space/time oddities e.g. there being a court-room galleries in the flat of the chief clerk and overall the attitude of the protagonist to the narrative he semi-consciously goes with it, as is the case in dreams. There's also the case of K. getting it on with most of the female characters in the novel, which could be interpreted as an obvious manifestation of the libido.Metamorphosis is another example of a very dream-like narrative, even just for the quite obvious reason. And a lot of other works of Kafka share the dream-like narrative themes.Overall, I think people wrongly take Kafka for a social critic - they should rather take him as an explorer of the unconscious. We'll probably won't know the exact source of inspiration for his novels, but I'd bet that a lot of his popular novels had to be atleast partially based on dreams or intended to look like such.
Have any of you read Maurice Blanchots essays on Kafka?I'm finding them pretty interesting, the whole idea of "the birth of the art" and how Kafkas novels, and especially The Castle follows this.
Certainly. That's a good note about the semi-lucidity. It perfectly describes the way Kafka's protagonists find themselves thrust into absurd situations and accusations but never find anything overly bizzare about the situation and immediately begin an attack. Sure, they are lucid enough to react, but they are not working at full capacity. A good motif you brought to my attention there.Another thing I noticed on my reread of Kafka's novels is all the mindgames being played. So much of his prose is indicative of the psychological battles being played out in the absolute simplest of conversations.But back on topic, I just feel - and perhaps this is naive of me - that The Castle - like most novels - has to mean something, even in a very vague or abstracted way, I do not feel you write a modernist quest for truth like this without some meaning in mind, and surely the castle is not meant to be THE modernist quest for truth, as in the quest for any truth, it simply does not feel universal enough for allegory like that
Those are things that are very much intertwined with the modern state, which is the true subject of Kafka's output as a whole. You aren't wrong, but everyone you say is oversimplifying is also correct.
The archetype of the unconscious dealt with in the castle is the desire to be the arbiter of your own spacetime trajectory, this can be represented by bureaucratic opacity, spiritual unfulfillment, or any feeling of vulnerable smallness of the individual in his burdensome, nebulous existence
What keeps a boom that deals with "edgy" topics drugs, sex, whatnot without being the "edgy" that the Internet makes fun of constantly?Can you even write about these things without it just being labelled edge lord trash?
boomBook*
BOOM
a boompls become maymay
Quite easily. Sex drugs violence that exist solely to the point of being there to shock or "push boundaries" is edgy. It's trying to hang on the edge. Often, this type of use will mask in criticism/social commentary etc. but immature authors use "irony" as an excuse to write their tripe which immature readers will enjoy using the same excuse as a mask for their childish love for anything that would offend their parents
have you read infinite jest?
more like infinite BOOMinstant meme
 is boom a emem
but you can, see BOOMS of Attraction by BEE
bretnot edgy in every possible waypick one lel
if dubs, boom a memeCHECK THEM
dubs are nothing on a slow board
your mom is a slow board, fucks like one too
The police know your name and address and are tracing this post right now.
drugs, sexThese things have been unedgy for so long that you can write about them without any fear of becoming edgy, unless you write about them while trying to be edgy. They're common, normal subjects for literature.If you're writing about actual edgy topics there are a couple of ways to keep yourself from coming across as too edgy. First is to have a reason for writing about the subject outside of its edginess. It should be of thematic importance. Second is to write it with skill and nuance, not in a way that plays up the edginess or shock factor. If there's a reason for it being in your story you should be able to write about it matter-of-factly, or maybe beautifully.Though I also think you should question whether being "edgy" is such a bad thing. Transgression has a place in literature.
mfw when popo
but a transgression is no longer existant, since everything is more or less accepted. Or rather, so many activites are no longer trasngressive, that the few which remain are so transgressive that they will lead to a vehement reactions.Further, as you said, to be transgressive is really common, especially on the usual hedonistic subjects.On subject would you thus see a transgression ?
a boom
Maybe racism, or any of the isms
inb4 hurr durr genre fiction a shitSo besides all that shitposting, I have a question. Is it even possible in this day and age to write a fantasy novel and/or series that is original and refreshing? Or has every base been pretty much covered in this genre already? If so, why even try to write in it outside of hopeful monetary purposes?
It's always possible.The struggle to find original and refreshing fantasy and poetry has been going on since... around the Tolkien and CS Lewis generation.And then Tolkien wrote LOTR and Lewis wrote Narnia, so there's definitely always a different perspective and fresh take on things.
No all genre fiction plots conform to a few archetypes that repeat themselves over and over.They may be original in their details, but not overall
It's possible but no one would buy it because the most derivative generic shit is what sells.
hurr durr genre fiction a shit
I hate you, OP, I hate your guts. I loathe you in an abstract sort of way."Fantasy" is such a fucking broad genre that thinking we've covered it all is ludicrous. And you're part of the problem, OP, which is why you fucking suck. You're so trapped in this generic fantasy paradigm the fact those two words are paired so often is case in point that you can't imagine anything else than generic medieval countryside when you're looking at a maelstrom of new motifs and settings that are right there to tap into if you could just fucking see past the green fields and stone castles.Fuck you, OP. I hope your milk spoils early.
Anything that isn't muh swords and muh magick is considered magical realism because fantasy is now conflated with those things as a genre due to marketing.
Just use a different source material for your worldbuilding instead of Europe and you've already trimmed 90% of the fat.
 My point exactly if a bit brusque.But most people will realize how much broader than some medieval magic soon, as Europeans aren't the only ones writing fantasy anymore.Globalization~
Europe has the most attractive history for fantasy settings hence it's overuse. There aren't many people who would want to read about some story based off of African tribal history. Ooga booga I kill Bum Bum with stick for looking at wifeJust not as appealing, mate.
There is more to non Euro history than Sub Saharan tribals./elementary school/
It was an example, learn what those are. Many other cultures have already been covered well over in fantasy as well. So name some of interest that have yet to be influences in said genre.
well you got it right at the end. Money directs a certain kind of story, or at least some archetypes that, even if originally detailed through characters or tone, remain the same.But in the end, originality doesn't matter so much if the story is written well and if you want to keep reading it, or even a few times. Some books have originality but are poorly written...
i'd gladly read something fantasy based on the history of africa it's a fucking huge continent with a great amount of people, shit like mansa musa destroying the worth of gold on his pilgrimage across the continent or the interaction between the Mediterranean cultures with the sub-saharan onesmaybe it's just because we've been so inundated with traditional stone castles and green pastures, though
Eeeeegh African history has influenced quite a bit of fiction and fantasy.Zombies being the most popular right now.
EgyptCarthageSonghaiexcuse you
EgyptExcept you're wrong, dummy.
mfw using Ys and Tales of games as a basis for creatures and shit
Is there any good Egypt inspired Fantasy that isn't YA?I've looked for it, but never found one.
so I'm guessing you are forgetting about China, Japan, India, Middle Eastern Countries, the Americas
how about religion?
Why are dwarfs always portrayed as bearded, industrious, cave-dwelling miners, craftsmen, and businessmen?
Because they are usually portrayed as a "lower" class in society becuase they are dwarfs. That typically leads to handymen sort of jobs, like what a Mexican in American society would do.Or they are portrayed as cunning to make up for their physical deformities as a means to survive in the world.
so exactly like most regular fiction then?
is the monomyth real?
Are constellations real? Are they useful as meaningful symbols? Will everyone interact with every constellation in a symbolic or mythical sense?
It's a common narrative structure, but obviously individual stories adhere more loosely or rigidly to it.
No.. that's why it's called a myth, dingus.
Not every myth follows this pattern, take the biblical Jesus as an example.
implying the biblical Jesus is a mythtop kek
Indifferent of religious meaning, the biblical Jesus isn't a historical document either.So in a comparative mythology point of view, yes, it's a myth.Another example, a modern myth, The Superman. He doesn't fulfill this monomyth journey. he had born with no fear of death, with his supernatural powers, he didn't needed a journey to become what he is.My point is, there are many possibilities of myths outside Campbell's scheme.
implying it isn't
I don't think so.I read The Hero of a Thousand Faces and found it very unconvincing. I wanted to buy it, but he kept stretching his schemes to such an unreasonable length to fit them with everything.No doubt he does pick out some tendencies, but imo it seems obvious there should be patterns to discover, though I'm pretty sure they have little do with any kind of supernatural connection between the souls of all humans which, Campbell being a Jungian, is what he's seriously arguing with his comparative studies.
Tolkien does not approve of your words, Anon.
I'd go a step further and say that there's often microcosmic monomythic stages within the larger, macrocosmic monomythBut it's a hero's quest, and doesn't happen to everyone Right now I'm deep within the trials, and, microcosmically just finishing woman as temptress Since October, when I was microcosmically meeting with the goddess, bringing it to life within this beautiful, alpha slut who her friends seemed to admire and who was known to treat other guys like shit, when it seemed I was with something like my female equivalent, all the while not realizing I was largely projecting these qualities on her, I've been in about 13 or so fights for reasons like paranoia, jealousy, finding myself, and because I may be crazy by some more-technical definitions. I feel a largely embody the modern, paranoid hero. So I'm experiencing the shittier of these stages atmliving in hotels that family, who, due to my difficulty to live with, no longer want me around, and is about done subsidising me, while I missed this past 2 weeks of work to be, and fight with the girl mentioned aboveI don't subscribe to eegalitarianism, but neither do I think that anything short of perfection and its opposite are one size fits allYou definitely have the opportunity to be a hero, and to go through your version of these stages
I mean I guess? It's real in the same sense that language is real or what you see in Rorsarch plots are real
The term monomyth denotes it encompassing the overal stages of hero myths, op is asking if it applies to real heroes as well
no it's fake and imaginary sorry
nope, monomyth is pseudo-science, androcentric and racist
cis white male discussing a bunch of myths from around the worldif that isn't enough he actually claims all myths are the sameugh, the cultural appropriation is just, UGH
confirmed for having never read a superman comic in his life
there are many possibilities of myths outside Campbell's scheme.of course there are.also it should be pointed out that superman isn't a myth at all
There are definitely a lot of things that do follow it. Mostly kids' stories. In fiction for adults, it's a serious flaw that leads to the story feeling formulaic and predictable.
It's just the most evident form of storytelling.There are more subtleties which can show you how to bend or break the rules of this narrative.
no
Yes
there are no real heroes
plz elaborate
I travel across Europe next month for about five weeks and I want to get some books for my train journeys. What would you recommend? Guess it could be useful to get in touch with some must reads. I have read some Schiller, Goethe and Shakespeare so far in school and enjoyed it for most parts. Besides that I got a grip on some dystopian novels and ASOIAF
You have to read an author for each country. try original language to help you immerse into the culture.
I am not able to speak any of those languages. Probably 4-6 countries, mostly eastern europe
Visiting local bookstores and asking the clerk for a personal recommendation intentionally vague. I did this when I travel across Russia and ended up seeing the little nooks and crannies of cities I thought were very plain. I ended up with a backpack full of good novels and timepieces.Bon Voyage, my friend!
Does anyone know the difference content wise between these two books?
They are, as far as I know, both pretty lousy.The general consensus among Lovecraft scholars which I strongly agree with is that S.T. Joshi's editions of Lovecraft's work are the best. This is probably the best collection with that in mind, and I recommend it. Centipede Press does good shit.related is also a good Lovecraft collection edited by Joshi
If it has the same stories and the same text, what makes one better than the other except for the introduction?
I will copy/paste an Amazon review which explains it to save time, if you'll pardon the laziness. The real question to ask about a collection of Lovecraft's work, though, is: what distinguishes it from all the other many Lovecraft collections out there? That is why I would give the Penguin collection 5 stars: the selection of stories is very good, arranged chronologically and covering the Lovecraft "hits," as well as some lesser-known earlier works. But what's most impressive about this anthology, as compared to others, is the superb annotation by S.T. Joshi, the premier Lovecraft scholar. There are ample footnotes to each of the stories, describing the backgrounds of the tales, discussing where Lovecraft got his ideas, pointing out thematic links, etc. These footnotes also provide insights into the life of Lovecraft himself, who apparently was not the weird recluse that one might initially suspect when reading his stories. In fact, Joshi includes many quotes from Lovecraft's correspondences, and some of these quotes are even very humorous one quote deals with Lovecraft's description of his attempts to make a vocal recording in the style of Enrico Caruso, the famous singer. That's why this Penguin collection of stories is so good: you get many classic Lovecraft stories, along with Joshi's illuminating commentaries and annotation.If you don't care about this, then you can make you own decision obviously
The annotations are interesting, because they also teach you about american society. E.g. it was only in the 60s that the timezones in the US became uniform. During Lovecraft's time, there was still local timezones.And the Joshi covers are spooky. Avoid at any cost the "Omnibus" editions with the eDgY covers.
What is the most complete compilation of Lovecraft's works?
Op here I ended up buying the left one and after reviewing the book it has A LOT of his story's in it, too many to count really and each story has a short intro with them. Ill take pics if anyone wants me to. To be honest I'm pretty satisfied for now I just didn't know the difference with the other one :^/
Yeah, of the two, that's probably the better one. The other one's full of really basic typos, although it has some cool illustrations at the heads of stories.
how is the binding? and the font size?
left has everything. right is a best of.
I've got the Wordsworth series, it's four paperbacks and overall it covers pretty much all his notable fiction and some essays/letters. Great for reading when traveling just because carrying around a giant tome is damn near impossible.
can we talk about lovecraft's writing? what are your favorite stories?is there a general /lit/ consensus?
You just saved me a lot of money. Thanks Anon!
Are books as Ulysses, infinite jest or Inherent vice too much for a non englishman? I can speak and read englisch tho but those reads might be too hard. You know!
Non English man as well and tried reading books in English and I read like 10 pages an hour and don't understand a thing. Fuck this, I now get the translated ones. Unless you're reading poetry, you're fine.
They're quite plainly full of obscure and irrelevant words, you'll be missing roots for portmanteaus and imagined vocabularies, and most importantly, you'll loose a lot of things you need a degree of cultural inundation to understand.Taking IJ for an example, some parts will be fairly lucid and easy to digest, while other you'll be slogging through chapters, wondering why Wardine be cry and why I yrstruly and C are not 2Bdenied from old Wo's subservant slopes serving skeet because C's mucis is running bad and he boosted foregn students all nigt to cop dope for x-mas that hurts like dranoTo be fair, a lot of English speakers can struggle with this too. If you can remove the extraneous and maybe get some help with the Ebonics-influenced chapters, you'll be fine.
Unless you're reading poetry, you're fine.Generally true, but there are some authors that I can't imagine could possibly be translated. Like Joyce. Has anyone here read a translation of Ulysses?
The idea of trying to read Infinite Kek without being well-versed in Murrican consumerism gives me the howling fantods.
Well, Finnegan's Wake is huge in China rn, so I can imagine that Ulysses is too
tfw when English mantfw you have to read mere imitations of books like The Divine Comedy and The MetamorphosisI don' see what you are complaining about.
some authors that I can't imagine could possibly be translated. Like Joyce. - Finnegans Wake was a hit in China, which apparently means it sold about 8,ooo copies - maybe, Chinese not buy many books:href="#p6619271" class="quotelink"Inherent Vice, I cant really see the problem, tbh. Joyce? - Nope, fuck that..englisch- guessing you are German? To turn it around it a bit, I can read Ok-ayish German in original - stuff like Hesse, no bother, Günter Grass? -no fucking way, its simply too dense or i am to cope with in orignal. Joyce in orginial would prob. be the same/similar for you - and if theres no enjoyment from it whatsoever, not much point, IMO.
I belive some translations are better than the original language... just saying Proof 
With Pinecone it's more of a cultural issue.
Okay thanks litizen. That helped alot
Are books as Ulysses, infinite jest or Inherent vice too much for a non englishman?IJ and IV would be okay for a non-Englishman, but an American probably couldn't handle Ulysses.
I guess I stick try to read IV in english and if I enjoy it I go over to IJ
Günter Grassdon't worry, you're not missing too much.
What are some good books about the corrupting influence of money?
Shakespeare - Timon of AthenesZola- MoneyMolière - The MiserThe Report of the Icelandish Parliament on Financial Malpractice leading up to the subprime crisisA good deal of nineteenth century realism really.
Orwell - keep aspidistra flying
Make war on the money god! Much as I like Orwell, it is rather a lame book, read Gissing instead.
the bible
Say I am a non-solipsist, that is, I ascribe private experiences to the people and most likely some animals in the world around me, which I come to know about through sense experience sight, sound, etc.Why have I done this? My answer is that I have made an analogical inference. I am a person in the world, and I have private experiences. Therefore, other people in the world, like me, also have private experiences.But I am not a person in the world. Because my body, and the world around it where other people exist, is itself constituted entirely by my private experience. So the analogy is not logical/nonsensical. Then, what of non-solipsism?Is reality anything more than what is present?
H E G U LEGUL
thanks 4 the bump ;^
just converted to solipsism
Architect, finally I have met you. You will not rebuild your house again. You are pure illusion, you do not exist.
most retarded shit I've ever read on 4changoddamm you are a fucking idiot
well you can infere anything you want your therefore, in your OP, be it according to the logical rules that you enjoy, or violating them. your thefore has no intuitive basis, like many other therefore in maths or philosophy. All deductions are really a belief or an affinity, an intuition, a will.my stance today is that ''I am what I experiment through my senses plus a bit of memories, in the sense that my souvenirs makes me feel'', but I do not know what I am. For instance, I do not why I write this message the way it is written, why I choose such or such words, Why do I have such thoughts, such preferences and so on.So to me, I am the only one who exists, in the sense that existence is perception. But then, Why do I see what I see before me ? Do I create all the things that I see, that I touch, that I hear. I do not believe that objects exists before me perceiving them. I am really the part of the objects that I touch. If I close my eyes, there is nothing to tell me that the part of the object--- that I just saw --- is not the whole object, since by definition, I only feel the part that I feel.Once I understand that I am nothing, but only a well/hoop of input of sensory data with some memories making me feel, I know that there is no self. There is no hard self. I do not know why I do the thing that I do, why I think the way I think. No idea. I no longer even care about all these WhyS and HowS, about all the mechanisms that the intellectuals talk about.
I am all the world that I experiment. But clearly, all of me who experiment has no memory, nor feeling that I somehow created what the humans call the cats, the waters, the computers etc.So there is at least something else who has created the picture of the blue man on a pink planet in thE op. Perhaps it is me, earlier on, and it has not been fixed by my memory. However, I do not care who created what, where and when. I just no longer care. I know that what I perceive exist, as long as I perceive it. existence = perception = knowledge = reality. all those words that I hear from the humans are the same.My position is that I have no nature, no self, that, if this lack of proper nature is accepted as a nature, all the others creature are of the same essence as me, that is to say, there is no spectrum of essence, of substance. All I can say is that ''there exists''. I am not separate from the earth that I feel, nor from the animals that I see, touch and hear, nor from the humans, nor from the rocks, nor from the skies. A rock is me, just like I am the rock.
What about separate consciousnesses, OP? Do you acquiesce to their existence?
What about the rest of humanity, OP? What about the rest of the thinking creatures inhabiting this world?Are you and they all manifestations of one collective mind? Are they projections of your experience, and thus false? Or are they truly separate consciousnesses?
I don't think you quite understand the point in the original post.Basically what I am saying is that I conceive of myself in a particular way - that of being a body object/subject in an external world, and by an analogical inference I attribute this same nature of being an object/subject to other people in the external world around me.So what I am saying is that this conception of myself, as being an objective object body, with brain, that perceives the external world, with subjectivity, in an external world, IS WRONG. And hence the analogical inference that others have internal experience like me is nonsensical.The world around me is not an external world, with my body being a distinct object within it. Rather my existence consists of the presence of experience - with no ideological division between 'me' and 'not-me'. Think subjective idealism.I just cannot see a way out from believing that there is no more to reality than what is present.
I just cannot see a way out from believing that there is no more to reality than what is present.well the question is then why do you want more than what is present.From what I gather, solispsm has bad press, either because of nihilism and or people have fantasies of a crazy solispsist killing everybody, doing what he wants etc.Are you and they all manifestations of one collective mind? Are they projections of your experience, and thus false? Or are they truly separate consciousness?consciousnesses is a big word, false as well. After all, I could be in some theatre where, by your post, the think that creates your post tries to change my position. But I do not see conspiracies, so all is well.Do you think that the posts that you see here are made by humans ? Perhaps those are made by some Turing machines where many things are non-humans and the humans ressemble me, from the number of fingers to the capacity to talk. You knows ? And more importantly, who cares ? I do not :I do not think that it is a good question to ask whether the humans have/are consciousnesses. I just take what I see/hear as what I see/hear, nothing more.Tbh, I have a beef against whatever made me, since It makes no sense to encounter pain. If I am the well of temporary sensory data, then why some are pleasing and some are displeasing ? Why not neutral inputs all the time ? I still ask why here, but the more I go, the less I ask it. I think that it is a good idea to depart form the dichotomy of pain/pleasure, or at least to stop caring about seeking pleasures, to welcome them as long as I am able to let them go. Idem with pains.This is the same argument from the religious, who ask why God made the humans suffer ? Only a sadist would make me suffer.
Do you listen to music while you read? If so what kind? Pic sort of related but I couldn't imagine reading to it
I can't listen to music when I read. I might be retarded or something because I need near silence or I can't focus on anything.
On the train or at home yes. That or when there are some really obnoxious fucks around and music helps drown them out.
I dont usually listen to music while reading but if I do then stuff like this isn't distracting and pleasant 
listened to exactly this album yesterday while reading house of leaves. spooky shit, man
SFTB maybe my favorite album of all time. Generally I listen to Yo La Tengo at a very low volume when I read, though.
listening to post-1992 Swans
thanks for bumping this killer thread, champ
you're welcome, my dear friend
Soundtrack for the BlindSongs for the DeafWe need drum and bass tracks for people with anosmia.
Pic related when reading Macbeth, of course.I also wanted to listen to Tangerine Dream - Phaedra when reading Racine, but forgot to.
None. This filthy culture of constant background noise is horrible.People who say they need music in order not to be distracted by their environment are even worse.
I can't focus on reading if I'm listening to something overbearing.I'll usually listen to classical or movie soundtracks, if anything at all.Usually I'm chillin' at the hot-tub and the sound of the bubbles makes for good white noise.
Could you be a bit more of an asshole and self-righteous?
people who's brains work differently to mine are bad!!!
How does one enjoy poetry?
One does not, one appreciates.
inject heroinset poetry on fire because fire is nice and comfy while high as fuck
Poetry isn't necessarily fun to read. Sometimes if it's really good though I start to feel stronger emotions than usual, just like with really good music.
Through empathy
With musical accompaniment like it's been done for thousands of years
This is a really odd question to me.Do you enjoy language in its relation to meaning? Poetry moreso than prose emphasises the materiality of language, its sounds and structures, through things as form, pattern, and the building/trumping of expectation. If you enjoy letting your mind do the work of bringing meaning to the table then you would enjoy poetry.
i believe by reading it.
I tend to enjoy flowery prose but I can't seem to enjoy poetry, even though I feel like I have given it a good try
I don't think anyone knows, it just happens. Or not.
read yeats
Just read Sailing To Byzantium a couple of times. I don't get it
Great link, thanks anon.
Read Poetic Diction by Owen barfield. It changed not only the way I think about poetry, but the way I think about everything
thank you anon, it is really nice.
Unclench your anus and enjoy it.
Owen barfieldWhat non -poetry did it talk about?
read slower
Reading outloud.
This helped me a lot:
Caspar David Friedrich. Nice.I guess it depends on the poet?Like, I love T. S. Eliot, Gary Snyder, Stafford, Tu Fu, and Frost. But I can't stand Dickinson, cummings, etc...It's all subjective. What you can relate to.Though actually being comprehensible helps.
It really depends on the poet. For older poetry, understanding of classical mythology and philosophy and art are more important I'd say. There are also treatises. The two most important ones are Aristotle's and Horace's. Later on 17th century Longinus became important for his treatise On the Sublime. I think it's different from the sort of "sublime" that Romantic poets and artists aimed for though.
You're fucking retarded.
Do not listen to this.Read his suggestions if you enjoy antique treatises on poetry Aristotle's is interesting.Read poetry for the enjoyment. Try Baudelaire's prose poems they work fine in english translations. Or perhaps Walt Whitman. Both are easy to enjoy.
Hey my dude. Any good website you suggest either reading the poems or downloading them? Possibly an ebook of sorts with a bundle of poems you have knowledge of?
reading poetry on a computer screenzzz
Reading anything on a computer screen
Agreed
What are you idiots doing on a literature board?
what does /lit/ think of audiobooks?
Also curious. I'm starting to read a book as well hear the audio book to accompany me read. Should I just ditch the audio book and read it myself instead?
They're okay for genre fiction, but I never feel like I retain anything from them.But people process information best in all sorts of different ways.
stupid people swear by them
"Music is just an audiobook without words" - Jaden Smith
listening to an audiobook is passive while reading a book is active. you won't get the same out of it and should generally avoid it unless you have some fluff piece you want to enjoy while commuting.
Once took a drive with someone who turned on an audiobook. I was okay with it, but the writing wasn't good at all and made some real basic mistakes. Then, Bella started telling Edward how much she loved him.That disc flew out my window onto the 10 along with our friendship.
I'll download audio books of books I've already read to listen to while I play a game whenever I want to refresh my memory but I can't be bothered to reread it. I can't listen to a book I haven't read because I'll realize that I haven't been paying attention for the last 10 minutes and I'll have to rewind. I enjoy them but they're no substitute for reading the actual book.
listening to an audiobook is passive Rubbish. Unless you have adhd or something.
LOL I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING. PLOT TWUST/19
Im in the "devils work, and they all shit" camp - however, has anyone actually heard a good one? I would maybe get interested if it was the author, just to see hear.. where the emphasis was being placed, or someone having a good crack at Finnegans Wake after 10 Guinness, or something.tldr - are there indeed any recommendable audio books?
It depends entirely on how well they're read. Though in general I don't like them even though they can be good.
blood meridian seemed decent
Dune. Listen to a bit , it's on YouTube, professional by a cast of half a dozen or something, top notch.
The farthest I've ever gotten into full length audiobooks was all comedy books.George CarlinTina Fey recorded her own.Lewis Black is another.Joan Rivers
Some authors translate better to audiobook,HP lovecraft is, arguably, almost better when it's read to you. Comfy as fuck, a little spooky and very luxurious sounding. Great on a chilly day.

This, already posted that I hate em in general. But, short stories are so cozy.
I use audio books for nonfiction only.
Great when read by the author or someone who has studied the work intensely.See Finnegans WakeSee Lolita read by Jeremy Irons
This, and this Mysteries and horror also tend to work well in the medium if you got an expressive reader, and plays of course for an obvious reason.
tfw I have ADHD
I humbly refuse, but nevertheless feel they serve their purpose for the blind and mentally challenged.
It's bretty neat for long drives. Listened to the entirety of Bhagavad gita while on a roadtrip three weeks back.However, I usually need some sort of menial manual work to go along with it to keep my cognitive attention on the listening maybe I'm an ADHD kid, sue me. Driving is usually fine, but what I found works best, even on e.g. public transport, is playing the 2048 game. I'm kinda addicted to that shit, actually, but damn, if it isn't great for listening to audiobooks.
I get god awul travel sickness and it gets ten times worse when I am reading in the car, so to pass the time I listen to an audiobook of genre rubbish. Everyone here shits on Green, but how many have read him? I decided to properly understand how terrible he was I would have to read his works, but that is basically self-harm, listening to them is a compromise.
Catherine is so qt, I want to hug her so badly. Why will no one love me? Literary qt3.14 thread?
This is a thread I can get on board with.Franny Glass is best lit cutie
Came off as a spoiled cunt tbh
He can't write women and all his men are self inserts. Garbage writer.
He can't write women and all his men are self inserts.confirmed for not reading him
Federal institutions commit unconstitutional crimes because their payments are without gold and silver
This thread again. I miss the Dragontails, when are we getting those back? their payments are without gold and silverFederal institutions are composed of individuals, who do indeed work for a currency backed by gold/silver. Unless you live in the U.S. that is in which case your local cops beat down your door for shiny post-it notes which can be exchanged for goods.Sorry to tell you, but there's no one collected ulterior motive behind federal actions.
The height of modern academia is in science, and now US is going to skimp on the language arts and is to implement more pragmatic approach to writing and reading. Education will ensure scientific progression, but will also appropriate language arts away from the arts and into more scientific terms.Are approaching a Dark Age in Literature?
Probably not just literature imo. Wider and wider the widening gyre. . .
yes, and the only people turned on to lit will be the 'le super cool edgy fan club' type people, with their elitism and.. oh wiat
implying I won't abandon literature as soon as virtual reality becomes a viable alternativewho needs 19th century russians in the waifu age?
approachingwe're deep into it already since 1950
No. Sci fi is important for instilling these values.
I would give up the good life against virtual hedonism in an heart beat :
i edit scientific papers for a living. they can't write for shit and i hate every second of my job.
We have been in a cultural and artistic dark age since the advent of modernism.
What are you talking about? The arts and humanities are becoming less scientific.
Ssshhh, this thread is for people who actually know what happens in universities.
Virtual hedonism ís the good life.
800 pages of incoherent rantingConsidered one of the greatest books of all timeA five year old can write better garbage than this.
A five year old can troll better than this.
trollingimplying
I haven't read it yet, i am actually starting "The Dubliners" lately which i like to some extent but i fear "Ulysses" is gonna have the same effect on me than some Beckett's novels like "Molloy". Like ok, i guess there is a sort of existential struggle/absurdity that Beckett wanted to pass through language but for god's sake, why do we have to read this?
Like ok, i guess there is a sort of existential struggle/absurdity that Beckett wanted to pass through language but for god's sake, why do we have to read this?That's nothing like Ulysses.
Cool. Great thought provoking thread there OP. Very convincing.
why do we have to read thisYou don't, that's the point. It's there if you want it, if not you don't have to care.
yeah i guess since i haven't read it, it's a bit weird to bring Beckett in lol...just wanted to bring that idea in.
yeah i'm just wondering if i'm missing something though. Like i feel i'm kinda getting it but not really.
Art is all subjective. If you don't feel you're getting anything, forget about it and move onto something else. Life is short, after all.
People are stupid. They think to themselves "muh ancient Greek epic laifstyle xddd" and assume it's awesome because it's unknown to them typical tourists. I'm Greek and Ulysses sucks. Had to read it in school 3 hours each week. Absolutely horrible, easily digestable and pointless, even the teachers hated it.
Thank for the daily reminder. I love me my axioms!
modern Greekssignificant or admirable in any wayimplying modern Greeks don't cling to their only claim to fame, 2000+ year-old cultural heritage of a people they are barely related to and maintained nothing from
implying you know anything about modern Greeks other than your BBC propagandaStay pleb
Good, because I don't.
Did  just confuse Ulysses with The Odessey?
I think so, kek.
how's that even possible
Well this is pathetic. Not only do you confuse Ulysses and Odyssey, you pretend to know a lot about ancient greek culture while not being able to differentiate between a character's greek and roman name.
Is it true that it's illegal to play video games on Greece?
intricate bait tbh
Molloy and the entire trilogy as a matter of fact is a joy to read. Ulysses is monumental, if not for the unparalleled control of prose style and objects of cultural import, then purely for the brilliant character of Leopold Bloom.
Considering you are probably about to be a college studentYou should really take a class on Ulysses, there is a lot that is basically impossible to understand on your own.Hopefully you have a decent Joyce scholar at your school.A lot of the book has to do with the concept of cuckolding, in a grander sense; can anyone own anything at all? What does it mean to take ownership of god, of other women, of sexuality. One could also argue that the book makes a case for the completeness of the world, as in: everything in the book has a purpose although it might not look like it at first. And that god's love transcends the banality of the concept of ownership Molly's memory of eating berries or some shit on a hill with Bloom.If you have mild autism and really like to dissect paragraphs, you can write 10 pages on a single paragraph.
mild autism10 pages on a single paragraphcan anyone own anything at all?the concept of cuckolding, in a grander sensegod's love transcends the banality of the concept of ownershipjesus christ i need to read this book
Holy shit this has got to be bait, fucking mint.
Can someone be a great writer without having anything to say? People talk about art being a way of expressing yourself, but what if someone has nothing to express?
Let me ask you a question. If you have nothing to say or express, what in the world would you write about?
ambiguously reinterpret predecessors
read the book of disquiet op
To what end?
, 
Are there any great books on the gold rush in the US or anywhere else? I'd prefer non-fiction, but novels are fine, too.
You mean booms on the gold boom right?
Why do I enjoy fantasy and sci-fi like Pratchett and Asimov so much more than most classics? It's not that I don't like reading the latter, but it takes me much longer and I can't consume them in anywhere close to a single day. Am I just a pleb who will never be good enough for Rosamund Pike?
it doesn't happen overnight. you have to slowly trick yourself into thinking there's a benefit to reading the classics.
Because it's easier
Hey /lit/, really bad amateur hobbyist novel writer here, just a quick question for you guys about endingsI'm currently working on a story that I know is going to be at least 2 books, I'm trying to find the best way to end the first book but I'm not sure where I should cut it off atThe protagonist is sent on 4 specific tasks on behalf of an employer, after the fourth task, the employer tries to kill the protagonist, but fails during the 4th taskAt the very tail end of the story, after the protagonist has returned home, the employer attempts to kill them again, this time without the complications that stopped them earlier, it happens during a sort of "welcome home" party for the protagonistI'm wondering, should the employer's attempt to kill the protagonist happen at the tail end of book 1? Or should I end the first book with the protagonist having gone home, and then start the second book with the assassination attempt?Sorry if this is a dumb question
It depends on what you want.Have a great ending where your hero is tested on final time by a harrowing assassination attemptORHe Went Home and If You Don't Read Book 2, He Lived Happily Ever After Far As You KnowMake the decision yourself! goddamnit
Well when you put it like THAT, the choice becomes obviousThanks anon, sometimes I guess I need to hear it from someone else
Best Latin American books?I'm looking a little more into Latin American literature and wanted a few recommendations.
When a little native dark skin brownie instead of a obviously privileged white "latino" man writes a book, then we will be interested in "Latin American" books.
Shut up, self righteous cracker.
To be honest, it's mostly privileged people who become succesful writers.
One Hundred Years of Solitude
I don't think you read the comment correctly. Sounds like he is pro-"brownie" instead of pro white.
julio cortazarroberto bolanojorge luis borgesadolf bioy casares
not THE most privileged, historically- at least not finically, but yeah
look at the wikior be more specific
not listing Mario Vargas LlosaConversacion en la Catedral is great.
Not a novel, but read Escolios by Nicolás Gómez Dávila. Great way to start
All latin writers are priviledged man with preponderant European genes.And thank God for that.
if you are into peotry read César Vallejo only in case you are planning to do so in Spanish if not, don´t even try Also "El fondo de cultura económica" has translated some of Alfonso Reyes short stories to english and they are basic in latin american literature.
memórias póstumas de brás cubas
Borges and Cortázar. Literally no one else worth reading.
I would not expect to find this level of ignorance on lit, but again this is 4 chin, have you ever read Rulfo?, or any other latin american author? you dont know shit faggot.
you're one dumb faggot
RulfoprivilegedHe was an oprhan who was raised in a convent during times of war in a shitty rural town. Far from provoleged I would say.
Borges and Cortázar. Literally no one else worth reading.*Mario Vargas Llosa and Márquez. Literally no one else worth reading.There is a reason they gave Borges the 'World fantasy award' while giving Llosa and Márquez the Nobel prize.
tfw this Rulfo guy seems pretty interesting.tfw I remember I can read Spanish but literally never do it.Can anyone recommend a good place to start with Rulfo? Or can I just pick up any of his novels?
beside those like 6 or 7 mentioned above I'd surely add these:Sabato, Arlt, Di Benedetto. Also, Bolano wrote about many pretty uknown riters from Latin America. There are also pretty interesting writers from Cuba, but at the moment cant recall their names.
Dear /lit,I'd like to learn more about accelerationism, and this idea that things like Coca-Cola adverts can be interpreted as legitimate and even radical art, and the fashion of commercial complacency as in pic related and as in the following 'manifesto':What's the point of OK? Well, what's the point of anything?OK Soda emphatically rejects anything that is not OK, and fully supports anything that is.The better you understand something, the more OK it turns out to be.OK Soda says, "Don't be fooled into thinking there has to be a reason for everything."OK Soda reveals the surprising truth about people and situations.OK Soda does not subscribe to any religion, or endorse any political party, or do anything other than feel OK.There is no real secret to feeling OK.OK Soda may be the preferred drink of other people such as yourself.Never overestimate the remarkable abilities of "OK" brand soda.Please wake up every morning knowing that things are going to be OK. and as in PC Music à la QT and the like. Obviously I'm doing a fairly terrible job of articulating this, but that's more or less why I'm looking for some recommendations as to anything I might read about it, whatever 'it' is.
Bump
I don't really have any book recommendations but I will say that this stuff about the philosophy behind marketing reminds me of some of the sentiments expressed in the show Mad Men. Try and see if there are any books on the philosophy of advertising and maybe watch Mad Men.
I've watched every episode of Mad Men. The former is the thing I'm doing right now. Thanks for the bump, though, mate.
Not sure there's anything here that Warhol wasn't already saying in the 60s or whatever.These are craven attempts to sell disgusting soda. I'm older than you and I drank OK Soda in the 90s. It was terrible. The fact that some decently talented people got paid, and that there are some interesting aesthetic qualities to the campaign, doesn't make it anything more than an attempt to co-opt those aesthetics to shove soda down your throat and money in their pants.advertising is artcapitalism is revolutionaryThese statements devalue the terms "art" and "revolution."
Thanks, but I wasn't asking for a criticism of the ideas; I wanted literature. Something referencing Deleuze and Guattari's accelerationism, advocating or not, it doesn't matter; just so long as it makes the phenomenon articulable.
PC Music and QT ahahahahahahahahah. You do know PC Music is just a ploy by the think-piece industry so they have something to endlessly analyze and pretend there's some sort of narrative right?Anyway, Accelerationism has nothing to do with Coca Cola, or Mad Men. The closer popular manifestation would be Vaporwave. The "hyper-real" approach of PC is close.Look into Nick Land and the CCRU
I haven't read D&G, but maybe start there then? I am not at all convinced that there are real ideas in there, but if you find some report back I guess. As I understand it "accelerationism" is just kind of a dumb term based on some of Marx's more misguided beliefs, and I say this as a Marxist to some extent.
I just found Nick Land, but I was wanting something left. In which vein thus far, I've found these - No Speed Limit, by Steven Shaviro and Malign Velocities, by Benjamin Noys - but I suppose I was wanting something more reputable. The Noys work looks like the right content but the Shaviro work has the right amount of establishment, but now... I've found this: #Accelerate, by Robin Mackay which I think is where I'll start, and then get onto Land after I'm through the leftist stuff. Cheers, /lit/. I'll be back with recs.
Well Land is certainly on the left end, but remember that new philosophy must be done by new philosophers - ones who might not have a glittering 50 year career in academia. If you want work done in the truly accelerated age, I'm talkin since the 90s, not germs Marx implanted 150 years ago, then Land is pretty much the most high profile you'll find.
Can someone explain the difference between left and right-accelerationism? Left-accelerationism just seems like right-accelerationism with one of those vague lefty-fairytale-endings tacked on because academics don't want to be a downer.

Right aka neoliberals: accelerate capitalism because capitalism is good and we want more of itLeft: accelerate capitalism because it will push the contradictions and flaws of the system to the point that it collapses, thus allowing insert leftist political system here
Nick lands a neoreactionary man.
Hmm, I definitely understood right-accelerationism as being much more radical than that though not left-radical obviously
but he wasn't before; he was a feminist even at one point
consumerist, blue-pill soda for the most shallow of the shallow that should not be allowed to vote.Marketing campaign targeting those hipster who are considered hipster by hipsters.
Feminist feels like an understatement. In an essay called Kant, Capital, and Prohibition of Incest yes that's fuggen title he argued that the only path towards global proletarian revolution is lesbian guerrillas. It's greatest thing he ever wrote though, IMO.
What are the most important works of literature of the 21st century so far?
Umbrella - Will Self.
TTTIAT and all its sequels
really? i ask because i was already considering starting it. that's good news i suppose.
eBookshikikomori, bear parade, 2006.Today The Sky is Blue and White with Bright Blue Spots and a Small Pale Moon and I Will Destroy Our Relationship Today, bear parade, 2006.this emotion was a little e-book, bear parade, 2006.Poetryyou are a little bit happier than i am, Action Books, 2006.cognitive-behavioral therapy, Melville House, 2008.NovelsEeeee Eee Eeee, Melville House, 2007.Richard Yates, Melville House, 2010.Taipei, Vintage Books, 2013.NovellasShoplifting from American Apparel, Melville House, 2009.StoriesBed, Melville House, 2007.
go to bed tao
The Road2666
Pure tao lin
Satin Island
much lowcaps
Sam Savage is the New Sincerity Joyce.
You mean TFioS yes?
pic related
just looked up @drilis it literally just LOLSORANDUMB tweets but because it's self-aware it's ironic instead?
Really want moccasins...
where2cop this fit?
tfw life is become notes from underground stop
just try and penetrate my shield of self aware absurdismThis is gold.Are we living in the age of societal existential warfare through the stage? When a person achieves a state of awareness that leads to them viewing life as absurdity, then to them everything is a drama, an act. Everyone is acting a role, an identity, an ego. To combat this, the person who has separated or at least viewed themselves separated from this absurdity assumes roles themselves. They do not know any other way to live, they are stuck on the stage like everyone else with their costumes, so they will to ruin the whole performance by acting as absurd as possible. Ha look at that audience, that was my line and I just read it backwards. Now I'll interrupt your line, and point out how fake this prop looks, oh boy I put on the wrong costume. Others will protest and try to tell them off, and it becomes a dangerous game for both sides. The people unaware, or willingly a part of the play must still play their characters but address the absurdity of the poor actor. And the poor actor, the class clown, must maintain his role of absurdity. Nobody can stop the performance because no one knows what to do but perform, but the battle must rage on.
It's an irrelevant battle. Get back to reading.
congrats, you just perfectly put how I feel about the world. I realise I should probably just kill myself. see ya will probs keep shitposting tho
it's tough trying to survive on irony, apathy, and a desire to fit in somewhere
ITT we post the last song/album we listened to while writing.I start: 
Why would you ever do that ?
When did you first realise you were finally becoming well-read?
Never.tfw the further I get in my PhD comprehensive exam reading the more I realized I've just barely scratched the surface
Anyone who says theyre well read would only be jerking off their ego.
Comparatively speaking, summer of 2010.Absolutely speaking, never, really.
after this.
the chase to be well-read, an ever-distancing goal, is probably one of my worst insecurities. i read over a hundred books a year and still feel woefully underread.
Are you trolling or are the D&D books actually good?Don't mess with me, now.If you 100 books a year, I doubt you have very much time around people for them to consider you badly read. Good job?
tfw every book you read makes you realise how stupid you were.
When I read 14 books one summer when I was 16 because I had no friends or lifeBut I probably haven't read any more than 6 or 7 books since even after 3 years even though I still have no friends or life so my intelligence and thinking skills has probably diminished significantly.I'm extremely lazy.
*haveSee, proof.
nobody is well-read. and it only matters what you can remember, and what you could interpret anyways. at one time you could have read nearly all the classics and be considered well-read, but since the enlightenment nobody is really able to tackle any broad subjects completely. many philosophers since then get much of the information about the very philosophers they're attacking from 2nd and 3rd hand sources. it's the norm now to just pretend that you've read every single work and seen every work of art and have a totality of knowledge.it's good to read as much as you can, but what really matters is that you know a couple books, maybe 4 or 5 extremely well.
I like the things I read quite well.So I am well read, my my own account.Which is the only one that really matters in the end.
When I get around to reading every 'classic' book I'll consider myself a reader.I'm well-listened though.
I'm not but I'll sometimes think something along the lines whenever something I've read gets referenced in something entirely unrelated, e.g. when Chekhov is mentioned in My Dinner with Andre Andre mentions how his plays are adaptable, they could easily create or modify a scene in Sorin's house - an analogy to a larger point I have entirely forgotten. Play is The Seagull if anyone was interested.
I'm compared to my peers already well read, but in more absolute terms I'll be well read in about 500 more books.
This is literally the worst book I've ever read. Do you guys like this trash?
the film adaptation, while quite different, was very good
Have you ever read a PKD book before this anon?
I didn't really like it but not the worst thing I've ever read.
I know it must be a new experience being preteen and all, but try to articulate your response, likeOf all the one books I have read this one is by far the worst, because...Do you have any idea what this is about, I was put into an airtight plastic bag from birth and until I opened the cover on this, and I - literally - have no clue what is going on! It will make take you at least slightly more serious.
what the fuck did i just read are you retarded
Could you elaborate anon? Why exactly didn't you like it?Also if this really is literally the worst book you ever read, you should be pretty well-off.
Not him, but he is right, why don't you please explain what it was that you didn't like.
This comment is the dumbest thing I've ever read.
Do you know how to grammar?
It's my least favorite PKD, and I've read a lot of PKD.. it's okay though.
try to sound intelligent, fail miserably... he he he he give up mate, be a positive human being - this doesn't suit you.
Swag
I love this book.So different from its "adaption", more haunting and poignant in relation to the human condition. There are few other authors I know of that can emotionally burn you out as Dick does on a good day, so perhaps OP has yet to gather his composure having not experienced that before.
I think he's more likely just a faggot.
One of my Harvard English professors once said, "If you have never done drugs before, you don't know Dick."
Man, Harvard must have really fallen on hard times hiring junkies instead of paranoid schizophrenics in relation to Dick.
It makes no senseThe movie was far better, and is still nothing but entertainment
I've read Wiseguy, Casino, Gaspipe, The Black Hand Mexican Mafia, The Westies, UnderBoss and this gem The Ice Man. Holy shit Kuklinski was a demon.*Any other great true crime books set in the world of the Mafia? Thanks!
Bump.
I'm an emotionally mature adult, so I don't live vicariously through the lives of violent criminals. Instead I work towards constant self-improvement, read interesting and complex literature, do well in school, and occasionally write fiction. Good luck, OP -- one day I hope you'll join me.
If you want to read about Kuklinski and how he got caught, read the medical examiner Dr. Frederick Zugibe's book Dissecting Death. It talks about how he cracked the case by discovering that one of the bodies had ice crystals in it, pointing to the fact that kuklinski used to freeze them before dumping them months or years later to cover his tracks.
I don't think you can start a statement with anything more cuntingly annoying than "I'm an emotionally mature adult,"
in schooladult
*tips fedora*
snobs like you should be killed by people like 
..not "great" but readable:Havana Nocturne - TJ English on Mayer Lansky and the Mob in Cubamaybe a bit more business than blood n gore for you, thoFor truly great True Crime, couple of classics, but otherwise Mafia-less:Helter Skelter - DA Bugliosi on MansonThe Executioner's Song - Mailer on Gilmore- those two are not just great True Crime, but simply great fucking books.
cuntinglylol
Reading Dick Lehr's Black Mass. It's about Whitey Bulger and his manipulation of the FBI to become the main Boston crime boss.
How is it that you people still don't know how to use this meme.
How do you come up with an original story? Or at least one that makes your reader widen their eyes and go "Wow that's cool!"
No subject is terrible if the story is true
This
So I should write about me and my brother discussing anime while smoking outside? not OP btw
...and the prose is honest
leave your room and have experiencesORread widely, carefully, and critically in order to rip off the best parts of other stories
If the conversation is interesting, I don't see why not
It's not. But the subject of the story is true.
when we say true we mean true to the lived-in-experience and nottrue as in what happened to youwhich is what we mean when we sayreading for plot
we mean true to the lived-in-experienceI don't get it?

Does the conversation fit the criteria of being a parable?
Well, of course it is true from my lived-in experience, but I can't be sure about what's inside my brothers head.It might, but wouldn't that seem really unnatural?
not realising that the reason pain and suffering even against the innocent occurs is to allow us to have free will, and thus, meaning in our livesnot realising that evolution is just every living thing's subconscious desire to become Godnot realising that every action we take is a choice that we madenot realising that the only way to stop fearing death is to simply love everything in existence, every tree, every man, every speck of dust and ray of light and that upon doing so, you will eventually see God and his design and have faith in the afterlifenot realising that the ultimate red pill is deciding to love everything and forgive everything and that the ultimate blue bill is deciding to hate everythingCome on guys, seriously
hippie bullshit.hate is useful too. the OT god hated, Buddha says if you meet the Buddha to kill him, etc.
The OT god hated sin, he did not hate man
I do not need to love, nor to hate, especially to stop feraing death. if you want to love, if you love, it is because you fear of the potential loss of what you love
if it's not in the bible then i don't believe it. simple as that

NO FUCKING SHIT, OP please get your shit together, that is pleb philosophy, everybody knows that. But there is a gap between the actions and the intention, try to apply that to yourself first. When you will become the fucking new Buddah or so shit we will all follow you, but you wont be able to do it.9/10 made me poop a little
The Great Architect resets earth, reinstalling the humanoid brain's software with DFW1.0 by default.What exactly happens next?
Human race becomes extinct because everybody suicides.
Bug patches for weeks.Don't you know that anything 1.0 is always full of bugs and glitches?That's not a Great Architect, that's a shitty intern.
cs guy plz go
Wittgenstein believed that uh... that uh... the most complex and uh... serious questions could only be answered in the form of jokes.
I think everyone would start analyzing each other, and eventually just kill each other because of the things they saw.It might be like see all the brain at once, and 'nope' outta there.Maybe some suicide cult thing.
Hello?this english is too advanced for me
Not comprehending the thought experiment.Very clever though, I bet you are.
 Comprehending itI just immediately though of bug patches.It'd be failed suicide attempts and reading Wittgenstein upside down for months while they figure out a DFW2.0
What would be the fix in DFW2.0?A 'relax' button?A 'stupify' button?Maybe DFW's woe came from his intellectual-emotional isolation? If all were DFW, would there be less a need to criticize, or perhaps the burden of thinking would be lifted from him, feeling no pressure to lift/criticize the world?
, 
well that was depressingtfw yozo is basically me
, 
Any tips on how I into Roman classics?
ReadVirgilHoraceOvidCatullusCiceroLivyPliny JuvenalLucretius
Read them.
Anybody here take classics in uni?
Awesome thanks
I'm going to, and probably double-major with Biology
Is that list in order. If not, should I chrono or not?
Not really, though I think it's it might be a reasonable way to go if you're not trying to read everything in Latin.
What would top three essential text be?
Metamorphoses, Aeneid, The Catiline Orations
Minoring in it.
Majoring Electrical engineering with minor in classics
Read Boethius's Consolation of Philosophy.
Considering to take latin just for fun
Is it a good idea to double majoring engineering and classics?
Just click your heels three times and intone Introibo ad altare dei
Greek and Latin take time to learn, you'll have to balance it with your other work
I'm planning on double-majoring in biomedical engineering and classics. A knowledge in the classics which is the foundation of western thought and society means you will have a more complete understanding of whatever it is that you study.
That does the same for philosophy imo as well. It's probably better to do something like Comp Sci or math isn't it? At least it's more pertinent
I'd add Seneca and maybe Apuleius as well as some treatises like Longinus' On the Sublime and some Greeks, like Aristotle's Poetics. I'd also personally add late Medieval and Renaissance humanist writings. They give insight on how Roman classics were interpreted and absorbed.
this thread again?
Is Christianity the only way out of the sinkhole of relativism? Used to be more paths, but they seemed to have eroded.
Dude you just went full potato. Suicide is the best.
christianity is the ultimate gateway into relativism
Yes and no. John Milbank makes a solid case that Western secularism and relativism came out of theology, but theology doesn't inevitably lead to them, only a particular subset of theological doctrines that were highly disputed.
Absolutes are for the small-minded, relativism is the intricate reality.
When you call yourself a human or a homo sapien or a person, or anything else, you are being violent. Do you see why it is violent? Because you are separating yourself from the rest of animalia.
You are not alone OP. Being a relativist is something not many can deal with. Keep it and don't worry about it. It is what it is. You just keep exploring life and... Well... Deal with it.
why isthat tony manonta philosopher doing lookalikse?
Christianity assumes the existence of a God, a specific God, with a specific series of words that illustrates his intentionsyou either believe that, or you donttrying to intellectualize it, or use it as a tool to avoid personal decay, renders you less intelligent and pitiful, the thrall of a series of arbitrary beliefsalso remember that this God also specified that a certain group of people are his favored servantsthat same text specifies that another group of people will pretend to be his favored servants, when in reality they are the children of another 'god'
Christianity lead to the West as it is. Islam is more viable.
also remember that this God also specified that a certain group of people are his favored servantsHave you actually read the entire Bible? You know, even in the Old Testament it explains that God will be the God of all peoples with the coming of Christ?
That image*rips bong* yeah man let's ALL just be one big fucking THING MAN
Only communism can save humanity.
over your head
I believe there are two truths; two modes of thinking that conform with reality and this doesn't go along with popular relativismThe relative: the world as perceived by an individualAnd the universal: the world as perceived by allI only experience the world through myself, so I subscribe to tge relative and to the belief that there is nothing in goodness above pleasure, and there's nothing in evil below painThis is literally the only logical mindset to have, and according to the quote in op, is the ultimate violence The first horseman is the conqueror
I think it's popularly believed, though I don't know how popularly, that greater truths are the combination of two opposing truthsthesis and antithesisI think that the bible is, intentionally, a combination of ton of truthsIf you have eyes to see there's obviously a lot of good takeaways from the bible
As perI think that it's life's goal to attain perfection. There are no two perfects, because they'd be the same thingThere is only one, most logical, mindset GodheadI agree that there are can always be a truth for a given context, but if the context is bullshit for example, greater Christianity then so is the truth i.e. to kill is always a sinThese would be false truths; subjective delusion
There is no one perfect either, Any trait you can ascribe to a thing that exists can be construed as a flaw, thus the only perfection to be found is in nothingness.This is the logical conclusion with that philosophy. Christianity, Islam, Atheism, Sciencism, they will all end up there eventually. Postmodern cynicism is just an expression of that, a belief in nothing.If you don't want to go down that path, avoid absolutes and stop seeking perfection. Don't worship omnipotent deities Smaller ones are okay, don't look for absolute truth relative truths are okay, and whatever you do don't try to fit the whole universe under one set of rules. Good enough should be good enough.
Nothingness isn't perfect because it isn't anything, and can do nothingIt doesn't matter what a trait can be construed as, not all viewpoints are right. It matters if it's logical, given that logic and morality are relative, and revolve around the person making the judgment you
Which is worse, muh golden islamic age or muh noble savages?
muh Noble Savages is much worse. Islamic golden age is people hyping up a period of history where people were rich and lived extravagantly, though not due to Islam it happened in Islamic controlled land. Really it's just high class Persian culture shining through despite wearing some new Muslim garments over the old Sasanian robes. "Look how rich the rich people were, how strong the strong were" isn't much of a statement good or bad.Muh noble savage comes packed with lots of political or moral implications. Why are they noble, despite being "savage"? Do they live better than us? Are the poor richer than the rich? There is a lot said when you say savages are noble over saying rich people are rich.
Am I the only person that reads all this shit by philosophers that is so abstract and theoretical and seems to be so put them as such an elegant person, and then just thinks about that person and how when they were alive they took nasty ass shits?
That's statistically unlikely.However, there's probably not a whole lot of you.
Nasty ass shits is nothing. I imagine them:crying themselves to sleep; masturbating smearing their jizz all over their bedsheets or who knows where they didn;t have tissues or good sewing; having swamp ass for 3 days in a rowgreasy hairphysically weak and punythey probably were hard as fuck to talk to, can't maintain eye contact, etcjust staring into the wall how the fuck did they spent their time when they were not reading, writing?scratching and smelling their balls this is pretty normal though
le halo effectCome back when you're 18. Bother Reddit in the mean time.
Hello, projection
dfw jesus took nasty ass shits
Name a movie or show that is better than books it's based on.For my money, I would say Gone Baby Gone, Justified and the first season of the Walking Dead although season 2 as well, just not as much. All are so much better than the source material they are based on. I haven't seen The shining, though. Only read it. It was pretty good.
The Shining as a book really isn't that bad, even compared to the movie. I guess it's because when you read it it very clearly highlights the problems with the movie.Killing Dick was a good decision though,
Most YA movies can possibly be better because they might be able to make up for the cringey writing
The Godfather
agreedalso no hedge animals
ThisI thought the hedge animals worked in the book. It was a good idea to leave them out of the film
Can either be because the film is brilliant, and the source is pretty weak:- youd need to be mad to argue, Rosemary's Baby is not 100% improvement over the book.Or the films are inarguable masterworks:- Godfather, etc.Or just on personal tastes:- Wim Wenders "The American Friend" is a pretty lose adaption of Ripley's Game - RG is a good book, but, for me personally, I like the film even more. Even Highsmith admitted, she liked it the 2nd time she saw it - and she was a mad cantankerous bitch on a good day.
because the film is brilliant, and the source is pretty weaknine times out of ten it's thisno country for old men, for example.
The walking dead is terrible, though
True, but the episodic video game might as well be a tv series given the limited beyond the illusion of interactivity, and that's better than the original comic.
The first season is pretty good. Agree to disagree though.Anything past 2 is dog shit.
Fight Club
Sherlock tv series is better than the books.Elementary and the RDJ movies are not...
Do you even remember Dick Hallorann?King should've never been allowed to write black characters excluding Mike Hanlon.
I think it's better to see the book and the movie as two totally different things, both with their own strengths and weaknesses. King needs to fuck off with his butthurt towards the Kubrick movie though. King has trouble with black people and, at times, women. Some of his worst was in The Shining. As per the thread, I think Trainspotting, The Plague Dogs and Atonement were far better as movies than as books. The Plague Dogs vastly improved the ending and Atonement was better paced and improved on characterization.
Let the Right One InShawshank RedemptionGreen MileThe Mist? Debateable.DreamcatcherMinority ReportWhat about TV series? I only recently heard that show Haven was based on Colorado Kid, never got around to the Dead Zone series.
Has anybody read anything from the "Philosophy in Transit" series?
Just checked this out on Amazon, looks interesting
looks like he could've shat this out in an afternoon
Would you rather be a Christian and have a Christian waifu, reading the Bible together, saying prayers before every meal she cooks, going to church, living on a farm and having traditional values and won't cheat on you?Or would you rather live in the polluted city with an atheist waifu, who's a mild feminist and refuses to cook, doesn't like anything, hates life, reads only Russian lit and only has modern values and will most likely cheat on you?
Atheist wife or a nice country Christian guy.Easy to please.
/lit/ - Literature
neither
getting married
I don't know but I pick the one on the left.:
sheI became a Catholic to cast my demon over the toned backs of priests wearing nothing but their collars.
hnnng, I wanna get up into a confessional with you
Christian wifeHe wants a wife who believes in a celestial dictatorship
I would rather you posted this banal nonsense on /r9k/
kek, enjoy destroying society you filthy jew scum
why should i care about society?
you don't because you're a marxist jew
reading the Bible togetheri would rather we read on our own and then sat down to discuss it instead.living on a farmsounds shitty. i would rather live in a small city or large town and teach at a university.having traditional valueswhat are these traditional values?
your would know if you were'nt so gay lmao
The Christian cause I ain't a degenerate scumbag. Seriously I wish Jews hadn't made feminism and all that shit, I honestly think it's part of their plan to depopulate the whites, the amount of chicks who've turned me down for being sexist is unreal, my grandpa says shit wasn't like that I'm his day so something is up
so something is upYou sure it's not you? You sound like a narcissist.
live on a farmsoldAlso, seriously? Is this even a choice?
You ever heard of the frankburg school? Ypu our can't make that shit up; they are trying to fuck our shit up you just need to wake hp
Why would the atheist read Russian literature though? Ironically?
i am exactly already in the second one. we play it fast and loose and we both love it. no complaints, best relationship i've ever been in.
i want a russian christian

HOW
also who is chick on right?
xd nice one faggotimplying the christian divorce rate isn't higherimplying plenty of "christian" girls don't cheatpic related epik meme dude
Would you rather have a brave atheist wife who will face life standing, or a cowardly christian wife who grovels before an imaginary tyrant.
F-f-f-f-f-f-false dichotomy.I'd rather date a human being who has a varied number of good qualities and flaws.
cheat on youendorsing the old monogamy spook. 2015CE
oh boy a fake christian or a womanchild WHAT A CHOICE
I would just be happy with any female presence. As long as she's average-or-better looking.
Yeah, this makes no sense. Tolstoy and Dosto and the other guys in their era loved my man JC. Then communism came and banned all literature. The only guys writing in the USSR who are still known today are guys like Bulgakov who wrote about how dope God is to get back at the pinko fags. I could understand atheists reading French lit like Camus and shit
Maybe OP is only presenting us with a false dichotomy to convince us that they're a christian. It worked on me, perhaps it worked on you as well.
DARE
I'mfucking narcissistic phonefagscan't even be arsed to get off their phones once in a whilegoddamn degenerates
I at least have enough intellectual honesty to admit that I would prefer the faithful, family-minded Christian waifu over the atheist waifu with minimal respect for marriage bonds or the family unit.Unlike the rest of these cowards who don't want to admit what they know to be true.
Only betas want to be an item, especially today.
Why would the atheist read Russian literature though? Ironically?You don't always need to adopt certain dogmas to enjoy aesthetic things. I'm an atheist and I adore Russian literature, even Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy. My favorites are Bulgakov, Limonov, Pushkin, Gogol, Chekhov, and to a lesser extent Kharms and the Strugatsky brothers. Bulgakov who wrote about how dope God is to get back at the pinko fagsAlthough regarded as Russian /lit/, he was born in Kiev, and discussed the mentality of Ukrainians under the Russian empire. M&M is a masterpiece, and can be enjoyed without being a fanatical Christian. A lot of his other works don't even mention religion at all. Morphine - his account of being a junkie, and Heart of a Dog his best work, In my opinion have nothing to do with theology.
tfw you take a step back from /lit/ and realize how polluted and poisonous it isThis place is a fucking failure. You are all failures.Nothing said on here is of any value. None of you can think.
We can think just fine, you're obviously the impaired one if you think the world is any better beyond 4chan.
eat shit
When i went off /lit/ for some weeks I came back and everything was hilarious. If you spend too long here over days it becomes boring. Its a procrstination station

holy fuck I haven't listened to shiny toy guns in like 6 years. based
don't worryhe's just mad because someone told him off online or ignored his post altogetherhopefully the thoughtful people on reddit, the thinking man's board, will appreciate him more
all about Shiny Toy Guns now
You are obviously not free, since you felt compelled to come back to /lit/ and make this thread.
this.This is real life OP, with no bullshit to cover it.Stay fooling yourself in the bullshit if you want though.
I really disliked their third album though. We are pilots was awesome, season of poison was decent, III was really underwhelming
muh bureaucracy
That's a pretty Kafkaesque post, OP.
Muh misinterpretation.
No it isn'tmuh pervading sense of uneaseHow's that?
LOL SO RANDUM LMAO
What was the white bit that hurt to touch on the bug?Why did his manager come to his home when he was late?how embarrassing it would be caught turned into a bug, I'm not even exaggerating that. What could you even say.
he doesn't understand /lit/ memeswelcome newfriend
muh pervading sense of uneaseVery fitting actually, though not all encompassing. It would fit just as well and a lot better to Haruki Murakami.
Please don't spoonfeed the noobs, you'll spoil them.
the white bit was his genital when he masturbate
managerThat's not quite an accurat translation of the original.
still trying to force the le epik hitchens memestill repeatedly posting contentless threadsstill believing their opinions matter in secular discussions
mfw I realised that I'm the only concious human being with the ability of thought and that everyone else is just pretending to be sentient
shit, you caught me there.

And then you went to blog about it on an image board to tell all the zombies.
reddit shitFuck off.
Joke's on you, I was only pretending to be sentient.
not sentientable to pretendYou're not going to fool me.
Pretension is my blind instinct.
Bazinga!
XKCD
Consciousness is synthetic
mfw you're the one actually pretending to be sentient
Anon, this is basic theory of mind that 5 year olds don't get a concept of
sentient
That would be fun, the whole of /lit/ watching with some kind of maternal pride as OP slowly realizes he's a robot.
It's still the perfect response to OP
mfw i acknowledge my lack of sentience
Go to bed Randy
I'm not sentient, its true. But neither are you. Also, the notion that were all distinct non-sentient entities is an illusion.
You want to say that you're here with me at the moment?
tfw I attempt to say the most bland and normie things possible to see if people will call me out on it but they answer unironicallyKEK
aw shit
Look at this cool dude.
this, everytimemakes being around friends and family so depressing.'cmon, get it, find this bit of ridiculosity, it's so obvious, so visible...'serious response'ehh.'
not knowing that sentience and individuality are an illusion
We're all sentient, but I'm the only one living like a sentient being.
How?
Yes, double thinking and double living isn't a thing, fagt.
mfw i realised i dont exist
Solipsism is a logical fallacy
logical fallacies are spooks.
why
mfw I'm actuall the only sentient one and OP is trying to ruse memfw I can see through his lies since I'm sentient
I'm always with and within  you, Scott.
LogicSpooky
Prove it, Subconscious.
I disagree therefore you're wrong
I actually used to think of this all the time when I was just sitting around in classes and thinking. I would spend so long thinking about it that I tricked myself into believing that my mind was only projecting my desires onto the screen of my eye. Everything I had ever experienced was just replications of what i thought they should be. Everyone around me was just a part of myself, those who would punish me and those who would reward me were all just me. I thought i could kill without 'true' consequence as even though I may be imprisoned my mind would never allow me to die and, through this, i could eventually overcome all boundaries to mold my life into what my brain truly desires.I try not to think about that when I'm around people in fear that I will one day act on all my desires at once without restraint.
logical fallacies are spooksCan you explain this? Thinking about reading the Ego and Its Own soon, is it all in there?
Do people actually think like this? I think the memes have fried your brain
humanI think I have overcome my dissatisfaction with "determinism".Even if all my thoughts are preordained,within said thoughts it is then irrelevant whether I am thinking the truth or not."Science" is only relevant in so far as it provides me with some thing beneficial.Science for Science sake is not necessary nor wanted.I am the statue that stands before Ephelmior.The only thing is to do some thing inexplicable "perfectly", or "A"ly.Be more "X" than "Y".I am thinking I am reading 250-350 pages a day,I am thinking I am releasing the power build up from searching through runes in to writing or drawing.Every thing I do, I do more "X" than "Y".I am not doing it for pleasure or pain.I am not doing it for knowledge.The Symbols in the books merge with my face and make me beautiful.I am not of this world.I am in strife, becoming a beautiful Statue.Every thing I do is strife, becoming a beautiful Statue.I am the statue that stands before Ephelmior.
people2spooky4me.I think OP is closing on us. Shut it down.
Hey /lit/, I've been wanting to start writing lately and I'm stuck on where to begin. I've read a lot of literature on my own time and the idea of composing short stories or poetry is appealing to me. Over the past few weeks I've been keeping a small journal writing about whatever has been on my mind to facilitate a little habit of writing, however, I have no clue on how to actually start in terms of actually producing a story or a poem.Whenever I do journal I find my sentence structure and vocabulary very repetitive, and I don't want to produce some shallow meaningless garbage.So writers of /lit/ if you have any advice on things I can do to practice or get to the point of composing a story, fill me in. Thanks.
Don't be a fagget, then you can write.
Thanks
Do you want to try varying your syntax, anon?
You've already begun to become a better writer, you hate your own writing. All I can say is revise what you write and when you think it's good, keep reading it until you hate it, then revise until you think it's good, then read it again and again until you think it's garbage. Keep doing this until you can find yourself reading it and not wanting to change it and not wanting to stab yourself for being such a shit writer.
Write a short story of the last 3 hours of your life as witnessed by Slavoj Zizek.
I would prefer not to. Assman.
The boy, he felt sad. What the fuck else is there for me to tell you? Fucking, go away. *sniff*
Slavoj Zizek was transmigrated into a barbell, i must sniff my nose yet i have no noseto snif, slavoj thought to himself.After being hoisted up in various ways for what seemed like an eternity in his metal consciousness prison, he had an epyphany.I am hoisted up for the porpuse of another *sniff* yet this becomes my porpuse, oh my god this is pure ideology.This thought resonated within his metal bindings thus returning him to the body of a fat slovenian marxist.
kek
It is in the schniff fable of Anon that we see perhaps the most damnibg of postmodern apathy schniff. Of course that is the apathetic feelings one has when faced with the schniff overwhelming uh uh forces of multinationals, the sort of contradictions inherent in a liberal-democratic society and so on. In this tale of Anon in the last two or three hours the classic Western liberal response goes something like "he schniff is a victim of corporate takeover the u-uh fundamental Rightists funded by fat cats are taking advantage of his desire for a waifu and disdain for real life women and schniff a-and so on" But is it not the Anon himself who schniff knows how ridiculous his NEET lifestyle is and is, in fact, its mist viscious critic? The greateat thing about the so called Smug Pepe meme is that it is a criticique made by the very ones being critiqued! It is in Anons rabid self criticism and loathing that we truly understand this sector of schniff modern Western capitalist societies; not the taping of these eternal children by some spooky fat cat boogeymen but their own conscious we vision to remain man children schniff to capitalize on its advantages. In this way schniff the true capitalist IS the victim of capitalism himself!
pretty good, have a rare pepe to show my appreciation
lelelelelelelelel poop schtick
He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates He mashturbates It ish time for Shtar Trek
So what is this guys deal exactly? All I know is he's a Marxist cultural critic who's nose is constantly running
He is a mememan. Part man, all meme.
that bartleby shirt
all memes aside, hes right about alot of shit.also zizek posting is fun, fuck you.
I don't know or care to know him that wellMarquis arrived before me at the bart station and was waiting outside when I got out. He talks about how he had just spent the past few days with the girlfriend of a guy who I recently beat the fuck out of. From the way he strongly hints, but won't outright say, I get the feeling he didn't fuck the girl the day before she left with him she ditched her boyfriend to smoke meth with me and a few people, and acted natural as I felt up on her. I could fuck herI grab a couple of beers and we meetup with Lani and her friend Christina. This is my first time meeting Christina and I come upon the instant realization that she looks much better in pictures I have her open my beer with her teeth, and I'm not really sure what to make of the girlMarquis keeps bringing up how bad the guy who I beat up looks, but I don't have my contacts in, can't see a thing and feel generally unkempt and self conscious despite the girl being ugly I still want to impress herHer and Lani soon leave, after hessitating I chase after them and question Lani. Is she planning on hanging out with guys? Was she earlier that day? What the fuck is her problem? She's still pissed I yelled at her the night before and, moreover, she feels unconsciously justified in being so because of how desperate I'm actingWe part ways, me and Marquis finish a cigarette in front of bart while I stand there, blind as a fucking bat, attempting to keep the conversation goingAs soon as I hop off bart alone, I hear my phone ring. Lani wants to hangoutI feel rejuvenated, I almost brag about this to Marquis as an excuse for how boring I was acting, but the thought of him thinking I'm lying about it stops meI see a guy who I was in a holding tank with I was arrested for domestic violence, he was arrested for being a part of a protest across the street from a burgerking, where I get a medium meal for $12After that, in my attempt to save money on a lighter while I'm too self conscious to ask for one without buying anything, I get a WSJ sunday paper for $3 and forget to ask for matches. I'm hemorrhaging money at this point when Lani calls me to say she's broke and if I have money for beer, it almost feels like she wouldn't hangout with me if I didn't get beer. I had just spent an unusual amount of money during my short walk home, and I can see with a distant clarity how fate seems to want to fuck things for me and this girl-We argue, she turns around, I get desperate, she pushes away-Although I'm fast losing interest for the girl, I get her to answer and say I want to be with her. This soothes her, and puts me in a non-losing position in this competition of a relationship But yeah I'm still alone tonight and I can barely see the tv, and won't be able to until I get my pack of contacts dropped off tomorrow
delete your post and get the fuck out
When anon went to the grocery store to buy a coke and a bag of doritos *sniff* he is actually buying an ideology, you see. And then he went to his house to eat his food, shitpost and so on, and so on.
It wash not an ideal way to wake up. It wash not an ideal day to go to the coffee shop. It wash not an ideal day. Idealishm wash imposhable.
tfw you wish you were Bret Easton Ellis
apex kek
Only the puresht of ideologies could somehow convinced a man that experiencing a fourteen year old film outdoorsh, with hundredsh of people who not hish friendsh, is a satishfying ushe of fifteen dollarsh.But Zoolander, ah, this film I like. The modelsh contain their own negation, no? The film is Hegelian in thish shense. They fight against the Malaysian slave labor, but only because they fight for it, shee?
Scrolling, scrolling, scrolling that's all I do this late at night. Deposit a edgy comment here, a cynical sarcastic negation reply to somebody else and then I just click refresh, scroll, repeat till I get a reply. I don't care what they say, it's my once-a-day epiphany I wait for that comes along with their appropriately inane response. It always says one thing: Go to bed. Stop wasting half your days lurking and shitposting when you could read or, God hope it, write something for once, just a start, the general theme, plot points - something! Ya, no. Though, and I won't lie, the memes aren't all that bad. I sometimes think I slap my eyes against the screen for want of some social interaction but a unashamed not-so-subtle threads that scream "Fuck that shit LMAO!" from one of my fellow time killers always puts me right. Aaaaaaghhhh, what the fuck am I now? Jesus. Please bash me so I can go to bed smiling, thank you.
I be like'Tis late yo And he be like"No"
my nigga
Bit slow in the middle. Good premise.Frustratingly short.
I have only just woken up.
This is screencap worthy.
You will find this man spread out on his dirty floor, peering through the half-inch space under his bedroom door. His anxiety is so great, of course, that he is trying to see if his roommates are in the living room, fearing that they know he ate their pop-tarts.
American Psycho was phenomenal imo but I think my life and writing run parallel to it
sounds about right
excellent
Thought that was good
Humans are evil. I don't want to understand other people. I don't care about them. I just want to read books, watch movies and do what I do without ever having to care about the outside. Everything should be solved without me even knowing about it. Fuck you if you think you're interesting. People are stupid.
Thank you. You're the first person who's ever said that to me, be proud Anon.
I text her this morning to ask if my business casual clothes are at her house interview tomorrow, she doesn't immediately respond so I call her and find my fucking call forwarded Call moments later and the same story. She texts 'no'. At this point it's pretty obvious she's up to something. I'm calling her back to back while periodically accusing her of being with a guy. At one point she texts 'lol you're a fucking idiot'She answers my 23rd call I remember giving it that final shot, because I'm 23She says she's home. A guy in the background says 'noope'and she immediately says she's with Allison and her friend. I ask to talk to Allison, and after pretending not to hear me, she hangs upI feel abysmal. That is the most insulting fucking way to go about that..It wasn't long ago that I was the one insulting her, interrogating her, hitting her. But I've lost my way, and these days she can be so cruelAt that point, for some reason I feel somewhat ecstatic. I write [pic] in the thread about the monomyth, and I feel like I'm on to better things But not long after, it hit me. And it's still hittingMost of the feelings have been gone for a while, and I'd start an argument out of boredom, but I loved her. I think betrayal always hurts and you can't ever love these hoes
The boy, zhe "man-boy", ish too preoccupied with his little light-up box that feeds him his ideology. Thees is a PURE ideology delivered by the box. There is no escape, you see, for the man-boy. *pinches nose*
I have no nose and I must sniff
you write like a girl.are you a grill?
Who is this girl Anon?
my gf
No. I'm a sensitive guy -- this is the only thing I can chalk your rude observation up to. Perhaps the picture influenced your thinking that as well? What does it imply though?
LONDONONDON
What's with all the sniffing?
Cocaine.
you know? my gott! he masterbaaate, he do not get job, he forget to feed hees khat! *sniff* my gott!
What does /lit/ think of this beautiful man?
My favorite author next to Nobodaddy Joyce
Singular in his innovation, terrifying in his amorphous ideology, and yet, somehow deeply felt and invigorating
Am I a meme reader if my favorite author is Camus?
It mean syour still in high school
B-but I'm 40
when i went to highschool no one knew who the fuck camus was. hell, no one even read aside from girls with shitty YA and the lops reading scholastic-tier fantasy novels with dragons on the cover
Guess you just think like Camus. You'd best take advantage of this and become an overrated author.
Are there are contemporary works or writers who react against Existentialism? I very much agree and identify with what writers like Kierkegaard, Nietzsche, de Bouvoir, Dostoevsky etc say, but I would like contemporary examples to broaden my view. Obviously I can go back to people like Hegel and Marx, but I am specifically after contemporary thought.
What do you mean by existentialism? Of the four thinkers you list, only one, Beauvoir, would accept/understand what the label meant.
Well Nietzsche Kierkegaard and Dostoevsky would be considered forerunners for ExistentialismI mean proposing that the individual is what matters most
What is the best primer on Existentialism, and by primer I mean the CliffNotes rendition.
I have a dilemma /lit/. I want to write a series of 3-5 fantasy novels. But I want the first book to be an isolated incident other than involving the two main characters, then I want the rest of the books to be focused on the main plot. What I want to know is if doing that will make the story feel disjointed and awkward.So whaddya think?
Not if you do it right. Is that all?
Just do it well.I'm planning a 12 novel series in which the first two books aren't related to the plot.
I'm also planning a 12-book series where half of the books aren't related to the plot.
being this plebI'm planning a 12-book series that has entirely no plot or characters.
SolidaritySo, just like 12 volumes of stream of conscious?
Correct. It'll be the James Joyce of fantasy novels.
Aren't you contradicting yourself by saying it has no plot, but you know it'll take 12 books?
It's one long continuous stream of thought with no singular beginning nor end in the way that we perceive such things. Naturally, for the sake of how reality works, it will have to technically "start" on page 1 of book 1 and "end" on whatever book I feel is a good stopping point. So who knows? It may got to 30 books or it may just stop at book 3.
I foresee it stopping at around a quarter of the way into book 1
Maybe so, that's the fun of it. I really won't know until I write it. What will really be interesting is to see if a discernible plot appears admist the fog of streamlined thought, or if it will always remain incomprehensible beyond a sub conscious understanding of the text itself.
, 
ITT: philosophers a Magyar could never understand
DUDE GOD LMAO
average /lit/ understanding of Kierkegaard

Please contain your shitposting to only the approved meme philosophers. Thank you.
Why wouldn't sons of steppe understand Kierkegaard?
They're not removed from the ethical?
Kierkegaard stated quite clearly that he could never be a knight of faith, though
so what?
What does that mean? I haven't read Kierkegaard, or any ethics except Islamic philosophers. I was just curious as to why you said that.
Not op. I thought it was becoz he's inplying Theyre filthy heathen atheists who can't be one be that knight coz they can't even remove themselves from the ethical "earthy life" and look at it from the persoective of it along with a religious stand point favouring minimal living in waiting for heaven.
What is /lit/'s opinion of Univocity of Being?Univocity of being is the idea that words describing the properties of God mean the same thing as when they apply to people or things, even if God is vastly different in kind.In medieval disputes over the nature of God, many theologians and philosophers such as Thomas Aquinas held that when one says that "God is good", God's goodness is only analogous to human goodness. John Duns Scotus argued to the contrary that when one says that "God is good", the goodness in question is exactly the same sort of goodness that is meant when one says "Jane is good". That is, God only differs from us in degree, and properties such as goodness, power, reason, and so forth are "univocally" applied, regardless of whether one is talking about God, a man, or a flea.this when theology jumped the shark, or is John Milbank overreacting?Also,post sacred music for those interested
god either trancends the material plane of his creation and thus is neither good nor bad, since both good and bad are as much fabrications as a chair or a flea; or he is part of our universal existence and thus contains good and bad, since good and bad are now a part of him. from our perspective gods actions can only be judged. that is to say if god smites a village we make think it cruel. but if he truly is the creator of all things and ajudicator to existence than nothing he does can be cruel or merciful, only his will. that is to say that whatever he does can only be define as "the will of god" since he is assumed to be outside of the bounds of judgement. We are beings inside the system of his creation thus our criticism is also inside the bounds of his creation and cannot comment for which we have no knowledge. The words we use to describe god, be it good or bad are thus meaningless attributions of worship. They are no different than what you would use on a person or flea because we have no words to describe god outside of the words we use to judge a person or flea. the only real way to describe god is "I AM" all other attributions are mundane.
I'm on Scotus' side on this one. If we say that qualities like "knowledge" "goodness" " power" ect, ascribed to God are not representing the same thing as it does in our normal usage then we have no idea how far the analogies go and in what way the relationship holds between the qualities we experience and God's qualities, if these qualities are that incommunicable and unintelligible to us then what is the point of doing rational theology?, one should just be a mystic and pray if everything is so indeterminate. "Something like intellect" is extremely vague. God is our creator and we are made in his image, part of the truth of Christianity is the unity of God and man through Christ, we absolutely have common measures with the divine.
Are you religious?
Yes. I am religious. I am a Zen Buddhist jukai initiation and everything. But I unlike most people at my temple I am not an atheist. I do believe in god.
Even if you assume "infinite intellect", that's hardly any less vague than "analogous to intellect", and I'd say the latter is more accurate.
A woman from my parish is married to a Buddhist minister.
My teach studdied with a Catholic Preist who was also a fully transmitted zen master. I became a buddhist because I was and am in search of "god".
"Infinite intellect" seems perfectly intelligible to me, I intimately know what an intellect is and what it can do, and I know what infinity is conceptually. It ensures God's omniscience as well, as an infinite intellect would have infinite capacity to know, just as my finite intellect has a finite capacity to know, it is just a matter of modal distinction in the intensity of the two. But when someone tells me that God has something "analogous to intellect" that brings to mind many different possible analogies that could fit, and the only way to clarify which one is meant would be to use terms that are actually comprehensible to us anyways.
Sounds like you're limiting intellect to "knowledge".
Stop meming Milbank, jesus fucking christ, you're going to ruin him for me
Please stop posting this shitty meme John Milbank
Calm down, you haven't even read him
Mentions of Milbank by year: 2010: 62011: 12012: 12013: 02014: 0Jan-Apr 2015: 0only May 2015: 120
Isn't this basically Ignosticism/Theological Noncognitivism?or atleast a facet of it?
Aquinas was an ignostic?
No I meant the 'Univocity' he was talking about
have fun mentally masturbating yourself into existential complacency. There isn't one, unless there is and it's irrelevant in its existence. Just do what you do and do it well, you're an animal whose harmonic senses allow it to act as if it were more.
Sounds like you're expanding intellect beyond approximated knowledge and the ability to extrapolate action through time.
"Comprehension of the coherency" is how the crazy guy I know describes that aspect.
Do you need me to help you lift your fedora back after that massive tip?
No, but you can touch my bulging sexy biceps while we touch each other over Hemmingway if you want.Religion is a perfectly acceptable pasttime in the same way baseball or raising kids is. It's something to do before you shove off.
Guy you are responding to here. That was not my intention, intellect can know, create, intend, and much more, I certainly would not deny that.
Then you are saying God has infinite intent?
OP is a faggot.
He certainly has the power to intend without limit. I'm not sure if having an infinite quality like infinite intellect would also imply and infinite capacity for intention being actualized as infinite acts of intention, or if it would simply imply the possibility of infinite acts of intention.Is intention a capacity itself that emerges from intellect through a formal distinction?, or by intention would we just mean acts of intending? In the former case it might seem weird to say that God always has infinite intention actualized and is therefore intending infinitely though it is not blasphemous or impossible, but if intention is just acts of intending then God having infinite intellect ought to just mean that there would be no limit on his intellectual acts, like intending.
Wow, wow, wow, back up a moment. Are you saying God has potentials and isn't pure actuality?
No, I specifically ensured that God was purely actual either way, that is why the weird conclusion followed on the first option.As I said, if God has infinite intention, I.E. intention is an actual capacity that exists by a formal distinction in the intellect, then he would have to be infinitely intending, since it is not like he could have some degree of the infinite intention in potency and some of it being actualized so to only intend to a finite degree. This line of thought would most likely lead us to the idea that all possible universes are being actualized all at once. Such a conclusion is not impossible or blasphemous, but is definitely a weird one.On the other hand,if "intending" is just one of the many acts that an infinite intellect can do given it's nature then God need not intend infinitely,he simply would not be limited to what ever finite acts of intending he actually does.
muh yams
muh yams
yams, you say?
greatest novel of the 20th century. the progenitor of cosmodernist literature and post-colonialism
OOGA BOOGA YAMS FOR OKWONKWO
THE YAMS BE THE POWER THAT BE
OOGA
Good writing is raciss, we need mo yams for dem programs
muh coconut wine
I really like this title for some reason, should I read it?
conradgood writingmuh purple prose
I remember reading this during my freshman year of highschool. He kill hisself.
I like the name of the other one too, No Longer At Ease

Dude, I read it freshman year, too. My friend made a poster of it and gave it to our Honor's English Teacher. Greatest book of the whole year.
The best thing we read in that class imo was The Epic of Gilgamesh.
There was a part in the book where they paused all the yam eating and yam growing and "had a great feast." The food of this great feast was to be yams, bowls of yam pottage, and bowls of this new thing called 'foofoo'. I got quite exited. They had been eating nothing but yams for the entire book, and so at sudden appearance by this new culinary surprise, 'foofoo', I had a look to see what foofoo was. It turned out that foofoo is boiled yams that have been made into dough.
Hey man don't forget about palm wine
WHAT'S THE YAMS?
That line about metal horses always cracks me up

superior Things Fall Apart incoming
superior Things Fall Apart incomingwww.youtube.com/watch?v=y6RoJ4GIM9k
Let's assume there are two propositions:Proposition P: less than five people came to class.Proposition Q: less than five people came to class and were happy.Does Proposition P entail Proposition Q, i.e. If Proposition P is true, Proposition Q is necessarily true?No matter the answer is yes or no, explain why please.Thx.
Why the fuck are Cambridge books so expensive? Oxford books are usually like $10-20 while Cambridge books are like $80+ minimumIts especially apparent with history booksOxford :: 
because oxford is garbage for the poor unwashed massesthat is to say, pretty well suited for the likes of you
you need to buy overpriced books to not be a plebLeave. Your presence is lowering the intelligence of this whole board
Is there really that much content to write about between the years 525-479 BC? 946 pages? really?
Oxford is the cool guy who all the chicks dig, he's smart; cool and hip; attractive but humble; and he doesn't give a damn what doc thinks. Cambridge is just that nerdy kid who sits in the canteen on his own, and pretends to be on his phone when he walks past people.
use libgenheres your cambridge book:
Cambridgian spotted i guess?
Ugh, yes, I wish they were much more reasonably priced. I'd love to get the series on the Middle Ages. I suppose $60/book in paperback for that set still isn't outrageous.
libgen has most of them too, unless you mean you want paperbacks
People have written books about single events... 946 pages on a few decades is a brief summary compared to that.
Speaking of overpriced books, how is the Cambridge Companion series? I was actually thinking of picking up the companions to Don DeLillo and Thomas Pynchon.
They are available at libraries near me, though I would like to own them since they are huge and a great reference.
herp derp *POOOOOOOOOOOOOOT*Fucking moron.
they can be sampled online I think. Read a few and see before buying. They aren't cheap.
Only since the other is at the brink of getting purged, yet leaving so many works without proper critique.I'll begin with my collection.an excerpt of a piece I'm giving more serious attention to, its abstractness precludes me from finding any good material to follow from.it is with a strengthening envy alongi trip the axis in celestial danceand point heavenwards where bellowed longmy thunder, filling sky's expanse.to a wilderness that's me and once belongdo from which i'm divine selectdawdle, in return for defeating songthen sit to pour from old spirits.an outline serene, pierced this dimming phase.your spectre, in past reflection grows.all striking resemblance but shrouding hazein which no fashion worse could pose.Should I just leave it out altogether? Also, all serious submissions are accepted, please don't leave anything unattended.
A New Age is BornStick it up your fucking arse,you don't know shit,your fucking time is past.Shot out of your mother's clit,they should've fucking killed you thenyou ugly sweat-stained bullshit artist.You're a ponce, you like to suck of menand stretch the place that should be farting.'You only get Aids if you're gay',my dad said, he knew his shit:he drunk ten cans of beer a day,he really made the most of it.So no more writing about how youlike to think about pink flowers and othergay shit like a cow's fucking moo,a cow is a cow and a whore is your motherwho squirted out your worthless bodyriddled with stupid bollocks about nature.You'll never write enough for an audibecuase you're a big fat fucking faker.
I liked the imagery in your second one :3That's not even in any sort of meter.Hexadexaiambically fucked up.
Fuck off.
Cautullus, is that you?I'm not feeling this m80. It's too literal and shock-based. There's nothing wrong with vulgarity in poetry but this isn't even poetic. I'm kind of cautious about critiquing because you sound bitter as fuck.
I hide I sleep ehMay I die I stop thinking Shame pours overRemorse infiltratesHate grows within uhEscape is toKick the bucketScary ayePainful twitching Coward Living with hateSorrow beats me upSolution is toChange itScarier right?Hurts more not even bitching Sick of being a cowardDissect self, screaming fateVoice cracks upRepair egoEyes, founts of tearsFar away, life is seen
Don't give a shit what you think.Sorry that it is too classical for your damp poncey philosophising.
I'm not  but:Civility, man. We're not jumping you here. Seriously, what did you expect when you come to a critique thread, submit, only to drop bombs on everyone that dares near you? That's stupid, I'll tell you that upfront.
are you 12?
When the bandits have stolen your jewelry and goneAnd your crippled young gypsy, he's grown tall and strongAnd your dead misconceptions have proven you wrongWell then, princess, where you plannin' to turn to?When your magazine memory has spun you aroundAnd you realize your lovers were just painted clownsAnd outside your window you start hearing soundsWhere they're building a cross for to burn youWhen all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your teardrops go sour and no longer fallThe splash cross the virgin that lives down the hallAnd spends all her nights with an ear to your wallWell then, what will you have you can offer?When the firedancers finish and leave you aloneWith nothing but embers and sacks full of stoneThat hang 'round your neck, slicing through to the boneWill there still be a place for your laughter?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your shattered illusions come a-tumblin' homeAnd all of the butchers you've nourished have grownAnd they are suddenly able to leave you aloneAnd they run like slaves that are set freeWhen your questions are answered and your pleading is doneAnd your mind starts a-screaming that you ain't the oneThat once dwelled within you, will you turn, will you runBut princess, will you come home and get me?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?
Was the point of this to be as incongruous as possible? There is no specific meter or rhyme scheme. Moreover, your diction fails to convey any feelings or images at all.
I'm hard as nails.Niggger, yeah I went there.
am i a pleb if i like this
no specific meter or rhyme schemeliterally abab rhyme schemeAnon, please.
You think I give a fuck about the rules?Oh no, my poem about how gay most poetry is isn't gay enough, whatever shall I do?
The Locals Eat ChipotleAnd me, I’m no stranger to culms of bamboo.In bubbling cauldrons of hot pork chop stew.The cyanide, coconut, sweet pickled string stalks Are tumbling down streets where they don’t know the climate.Atlantic coast rock beaches native to pandas Where leopards and rice-field ratssleep at the wharf of Boothbay.Don’t go confusing home life with hotelsThings never do work out When we lie to ourselvesHow could a personstill live that way now? Turning limp cartwheelsin dried up canals.The spirits you slept on moved West after Wednesday And now all the paddies are next door to juice stands.Where forty years prior our ancestors just made itAnd half of me used to fly in plasticine steamships Your other side sometimes still overcooks the brothAll of the reverends you made into statues Are kind of at fault now for why they can’t move.Don’t you forget what old acronyms spellThings often don’t work when we lie to ourselvesAnd you, half your pride points are rooted in skin tone.So forty-five colors are all royal purpleWhile orange pulp and pajama robes falter towards laminateCard stock and flower headswallop propellor fins Slithering adjectives grope to your viscera Holinshed’s ospreys are fishing for contretemps Masked finfoots fulminate over your nakedness How could we get lost inside such minor acreage?Often when we sneak aroundThings don’t work out When we lie to ourselves

Arse, PastArtist, FartingBut anon, it doesn't stick to this; only the last three stanzas have abab.
A fair amount of well-regarded poets were rolling pussy in their day, I hope you realize that. Stupid question: is The Locals Eat Chipotle meant as an opening line or simply a title? It works both ways for the most part, I'm just curious about where you're intentions are.
It's eye rhyme, do you even read poetry?
tfw a dumb troll is getting more attention than anyone in this thread asking for a serious critique
Are you though?
His time is almost up. Please be understanding.
This.Everybody just ignore the troll and move on.
Fucking pussyholes.
All of the eye rhyme I've seen is normally more similar visually than "arse" and "past." "Artist" and "farting" is bit more obvious, but it is still a tad dissimilar.
I realize this sounds a bit archaic; I need to read more modern poetry. Working on that.What legion scales this narrow steepTo drive that monstrous brigand henceWho stole upon me sleeping sweetTo make my keep a bandit's tent?He rapes my stores, he drains my casks,Through drafty halls his croak resoundsHis hollow bark and crooked laughCommand a ring of slav’ring houndsEvacuate that sucking leech,He quaffs my blood from carnal vatsHe tyrannizes thought and speech,That bloody ulcer growing fatThat lucid air is sounding now,A music with a foreign bendIn golden rills it signals loud:The despot's rule come to an end
 song lyrics, disregard kolstiall need critique except those two i mentioned
kolstiSo it's copypasta?
Instead of telling others to critique, why don't you help the process along and do it yourself?
why is it necessary to read modern poetry? You can use modern words without reading modern poetry...
I'm sending all my words backto the people who need them--people who wear scars likewar trophies, like jewelry, likean identification for those sufferingfrom the same acceptance ofself-hate. this is to the peoplewho sleep with one eye open, whocry when footsteps enter their roomat night; this is to the girlswho love by cutting their heartsinto snowflakes and watchingthem melt. I left you behind andI can't be sorry for that.you are the type of beautifulthat kindly asks the worldto fuck off. the days we buriedhave decomposed, headstones aresnapshots; sanitized breakdowns,rusty tongues, sighs lacedwith fear, I love you, I loveyou. saturdays were the bestbecause we could sleep throughthe nightmare. you painted me apicture of the world with your wordsand they made us wash it awayfor being transparent.we were afraid of nothingbut the monsters in our eyelids.back then, we counted dayslike shooting stars; it took 67to wish myself away. thisis for you, skygazer; I keep youin my fingers because youslipped through the holes inmy heart.
My other works
some awful enveloped pentameter with iambs and anapests. I'm most interested in writing about digital life in edgy visual free verse but I have to practice actual metre and such first.The StreamI'll peddle excuses for you if promised notTo be forgotten. Please review my requests,My dearth of sentiment and soulless nestOf Consumables, packages, and detached plain thoughts.You've nothing left to feel, yet tastes must be formed.But have all seen my nail collection? They've droppedFrom my body, pained toes and cast-offs, pasted -- cropped.I'll bookmark and save, contribute greased and porned.Don't force it if it doesn't feel natural. The subject and images you've sought there wouldn't work otherwise.Hmm. Very expressive, that's for sure, but too oppressive and single minded for me - but it's plain to see that's what you're going for. Watch out for cliches "kick the bucket" and overwrought phrases "repair ego".
true but I take inspiration from older poetsby modern I don't mean modern words strictly, but modern forms
Today she was riding her bicycle to work, breathing in the ripe spring air, the sun flashing behind tall buildings.She was putting her jacket in her locker, hanging her helmet on the hook.She was reading emails, writing emails, deleting emails.She was walking to the café with her co-workers, carrying her red silicone cup, laughing.She was taking phone calls, making phone calls.She was taking a photo of her boss staring out the window, trying to think of a good caption.She was sitting in the courtyard, shaded by a small tree in new bloom, eating falafel and a sliced apple.She was straightening the things on her desk.She was twisting a small bunch of hair between her fingers as she held the cursor over 'Send'.She was reading a blog post written by someone funny, about a movie she hadn't seen yet.She was setting out next week's appointments and meetings in the diary.She was stepping out into the cool air, looking up to find an evening star.She was choosing a bunch of bananas from the display, tapping her thumb on the handle of her basket.She was brushing her shoes on the doormat, trying to fit the key into the lock with too little light.She was on the phone with a friend across the world, listening, smiling.I was sitting on the bus, thinking about her.Why can't I write happy poems, lit?
My mind did not even stir once reading all those words.
lol seems like you can't write good ones either
I've been writing poetry for a decade.I can barely manage to push myself to write nowadays, let alone focus if I initiateWhen I start reading something that resembles poetry now, my brain practically shuts off and I immediately begin scrolling. I used to love reading all sorts of poetry. I don't think I can enjoy it anymore.
were the antlers cursed?
Are there any books about a guy who is transformed into a girl? I don't mean as a tranny, but a complete transformation, either magically or scientifically.
Metamorphosis.
Lmao
/manga/
All joking aside, this seems more of an asian trope than a western one
the Orlando one, by Woolf
Christian hereditarian spooks about gender roles still haunts the west, and it shows in the lit.
There is a Heinlein book where an d guy gets his brain transplanted into a young woman's body and becomes a huge slut. Pretty good book but I forget the title.
A man magically transforming into a woman is a bit beyond the confines of reality, let alone these supposed gender roles.Are you doing alright, anon?
But it's true.finally a thread where a drag queen pic isn't unrelated!
Haha, no not really. I meant like the spooks based down by social instruction and melting pot and that word crept into my head for some reason. As soon as I posted it I saw but then couldn't be arsed as well as thinking nobody would notice. Also, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEANT.
What's true?We're not talking about trannies here, we're talking about a hypothetical concept.Did you just not read the OP or did you just decide that this was a good place to shoehorn in your warped political views?Avatarfagging is no more allowed today than it was yesterday.Alright, that's fair. You can never be too careful with these /lit/-types.
I like it when the doujinshi I'm reading has two beautiful girls, with perky tits, and shapely penises fucking each other. It's God-sent.
Did you just not read the OPeither magically or scientifically.What is gender transition surgery if not a guy becoming a woman scientifically? It may be a crude operation now, but what about 50-100 years from now? Is that beyond the confines of reality to you?
OP said "no trannies"? Which means that he meant people who are comfortable with their gender transforming into other sex. Please not the usage of words gender and sex here.And since you mention it, currently SRS works completely differently than a true sex change would. It's pumping your body with hormones of the other sex to try to emulate other sex's bodily functions and optionally using surgery to make your sex organ take on the appearance of the other sex's sex organ. The former isn't even a permanent solution, you need to artificially introduce those hormones in your body for the rest of your life.Maybe in a hundred years a "true" sex change operation would be possible, but currently nothing we do even comes close to resembling it.
, 
Do you think it possible to pull off a sympathetic main character who is at least technically a human trafficker?He makes his sales pitch to third world prostitutes with no deceptionBrings them to the U.S. to work for himtakes a huge cut, but eventually they go home satisfied with the amount that they made or he helps them get fast tracked for visashis enemies are hypocritical vice cops, full blown sex slavers, and unscrupulous intelligence officersCould it work?
thanks gonna steal this idea op
It could. The character would still be divisive at best
Not necessarily a bad thing imo. What if I went with the Ian Tracy "Intelligence" angle and had him inform on human trafficking to the DHS. Maybe a beta character who is a DHS special agent.
Of course it could work, and it could potentially be quite good.As someone teaching ESL in a third world country, and actively enjoying the prostitution scene here, I'd advise you to visit whatever country you write about and immerse yourself in the environment for a while. Don't guess what other peoples lives and cultures and personal motivations are like, you'll likely be way off the mark. If you have any specific questions, I'm happy to answer. The most common "sales pitch" here is tricking girls into taking a 'nail technician' course with the promise of a decently paid job in the UK or OZ.It would be very hard to lure a girl into being a hooker in first world country. Min wage here is below $200 a month, and a bargirl can get that in a few nights by fucking a few white dudes, so they are among the highest paid people in the country already. Most of the working girls are actually smart and very manipulative and can easily snare a 55yo expat who will fund their lifestyle if they don't feel like ever 'working' again; and a lot of them have some sucker abroad who met her on a two week vacation, fell for her, and now sends her a weekly/monthly western union transfer because she is "a nice girl who only started 'working' last week to pay for her sick mothers medical bills".
You will have a problem writing the female characters accurately. The whole thing sounds like wank fiction.
It wouldn't work well as you describe because it's transparently not true. There are no fucking white knights in the sex trafficking business.BUT that doesn't mean it can't work. You can have a sympathetic character who is also a real piece of shit. Look at the Russians in that new Daredevil show. They used and abused people left and right, but in the end we still cared about them. Why? Because they felt like real people. Even though they lived off the pain and suffering of others they still loved each other, and they'd been through a ton of shit in their own lives. They had loves and fears and hopes and goals. That's what matters. You can make your character as much of a monster as you want, just show the audience what they're scared of and what they do care about and we'll care.It also helps to have bad guys worse than them and it sounds like you're on the right track there.
STOP SPAMMING THIS THREAD ON ALL BOARDS STOP SPAMMING THIS THREAD ON ALL BOARDS STOP SPAMMING THIS THREAD ON ALL BOARDS STOP SPAMMING THIS THREAD ON ALL BOARDS STOP SPAMMING THIS THREAD ON ALL BOARDS
Which other boards do you visit?
Fuck you buddy. I'm teaching English to fund living and writing abroad, and the legacy of guys like you follows me everywhere. Fucking losers who couldn't get laid in a rich country.
I am somewhat familiar with China. The average high end escort there earns the equivalent of $30 an hour, here in the U.S. they earn $300 an hour. I suspect that a sales pitch might interest them. In Africa it is also not uncommon for women to go abroad knowingly in order to work as prostitutes in European countries, and the only shame is if they fail to bring home a large enough nest egg when they come back.It's not wholly unrealistic that he wouldn't be that horrible, but he does need to be a little more monstrous to be believable. Maybe he takes a hugely disproportionate amount of their wages so they're practically working for free?
They were pure Pathos. I had no sympathy for them because they made decisions based on emotional arrogance.
Nobody is spamming this thread faggot. I posted it on /tv/ a janitor deleted it, so I came here. Go back to baneposting.
American cinema has been getting away with shit like that for 50 years by suggesting that the guy is good at heart but gotta earn his bread so he does all these horrible things but deep down he's not totally approving it
I'd rather not go Tony Montana with it.
is it possible that audiences are ready for a protagonist who is a CRIMINAL and does BAD THINGS but also possesses EMOTIONS and MOTIVATIONS that allow the viewers to EMPATHIZE with himThe answer is hopefully no. Now that the man is dead can we please stop abusing his legacy with a thousand more le dark and edgy antihero dramas.

stop abusing his legacy with a thousand more le dark and edgy antihero dramas.It is always bad to try to challenge the audience to actually think, right anon?Most plebs can't even understand that Walter White was the protagonist but a villain at the same time. If the audience can at least feel empathic to the character, they will follow his storyline. This is no new trend, retard Fucking Dostoevsky did that all the time.
His psychological profiles were a lot more complex than OP's shit, which is just gimmicky. Movies like "M" and "Happiness" made us empathize with child rapists, but unlike OP they weren't trying to make us see their actions as justified. OP is trying to paint as a hero who does good for the world, and the people who are opposed to what he's doing as villains.
It is always bad to try to challenge the audience to actually think, right anon?by remaking the same story that was interesting once a thousand times? apparently you posted this on tv so we all know you're talking about a tv show and not a book. the concept you just described has been beaten into the ground over and over again for the past decade. it isn't fresh, it isn't challenging, and it isn't interesting.if all you're asking is 'is it possible to write round characters?' then yes that is technically possible, but that isn't what you're describing. you just said the bad guy would be nice and the good guys would be assholes, if that's your entire 'hook' then it's complete shit.you probably read for plotyou're probably a libertarianyou should probably get the fuck off /lit/
Fuck you buddy. umm, okay.I'm teaching English to fund living and writing abroad, Nice, I'm teaching English to fund living abroad, getting high, laid, having fun, and investing in my asset portfolio. and the legacy of guys like you follows me everywhere. Good to know I have a legacy.Fucking losers who couldn't get laid in a rich country.Barring Turkey, Egypt, and Andorra, I've 'got laid' in every country I've ever visited. Ive never paid for sex in a first world or European country either.
  is not OP
haven't seen the latter, but who emphasized with the loser in M??
Jorah Mormont was a human trafficker on "A song of ice and fire" and people love him.
like everyone else has said, what a fucking boreconflicted guy does bad thing or gets into crimebut it's for good reason!the law/other guys are even worse! so really he's a good guy/antihero!litter narrative with abused women to be used as props
are among the highest paid people in the country alreadywut
are among the highest paid people in the country alreadywutGarment factory worker: $130 a month salaryPoliceman: $150 a month salary.Construction worker: $5 for a days work often allowed to sleep on siteCute waitress with perfect English in busy high-end tourist restaurant: $250 inc tips salary.Web designer/general IT: $300 a month salaryStreet vendors/Market stall sellers: $10 - $15 a day.Average Hooker: Has *at least* one overseas 'boyfriend', usually in his 50's or 60's, who sends $500 a month western union - requires one weekly Skype call. If she's hot-ish, she can can longtime a naive tourist for $30-$50, usually works 3 nights a week, so $480ish minimum. A few times a year she'll catch an expat boyfriend who will 'take her out of the bar' until he gets tired of her bullshit, but she'll manage to extort the 'bargirl want trinity' - the iphone, the ipad, the jewellery -- first, plus her 'sweetheart allowance'.Average bargirl is on $1000 a month plus not including all the free drinks and food bought for them
that's still nowhere near the highest paid in the country?? that's still below the poverty lineif you mean fast cash with no degree needed then duh, but that's not what you said
that's still nowhere near the highest paid in the country??Not that anon, but do you always use interrogation marks in sentences that are not questions because you are too autistic to understand that writing and speaking is different?
it's to express incredulity that that guy is so stupid, in case he doesn't get it-which he doesn't
that's still nowhere near the highest paid in the country?They are not THE highest paid in the country, that would be the corrupt politicians, and a minority of business owners -- the top 5-10%. Those other jobs listed are the 'good city jobs'. The most common job by far are rural farmers $80 a month, then in the cities, bottle and can scavengers, roadside shacks selling beer and cigarettes, people wandering with wooden carts selling anything from pottery to fake sunglasses. The average monthly salary across the country is $196.36. So bargirls are, as already said, "among the highest paid people in the country."
that's still below the poverty lineNo. Not given the cost of living. you can rent a small condo for $60 a month, buy 10 packs of cigarettes for a dollar, a bottle of whiskey for under $2, a kilo of rice for 25c. A girl on $1k a month is miles above the poverty line relative to cost of living here. if you mean fast cash with no degree needed then duh, but that's not what you saidA web designer or someone in IT needs a degree. They get $300. An accountant with a degree gets $250-300. A native TA with a degree gets $300. $300 is the standard wage for someone with a degree.
you didn't make it clear you weren't talking about the US and you used the dollar sign
Everyone has characteristics that others could sympathize withI wanted to make a character, based in a near future, who brainwashes and sells people to the rich lives a life of general solitude, and when he tries to make even the smallest meaningful connection, he can't help but manipulate the other person, eventually treating them like a robotplays a lot of virtual reality games, it hints that gaming has become a form if escapism that people dedicate their lives toa lot of black humor shenanigans All with no concrete story arc, moral, or pointI thought about doing something similar with a modern vampire who tries, and eventually fails, at living as a regular person, with the story ending just how it started
yes, you could make a full blown sex slaver sympathetic .its just that the more 'hes a bad guy' someone seems at first glance the harder it is .
you didn't make it clear you weren't talking about the USDidn't I?As someone teaching ESL in a third world country...
i know what they were going for but those look like very gentle, nurturing african hands
It's absolutely possible to do this and do it well, but based on OP's post, with phrases like "his enemies are," I'm not sure you really know how to write.
Can we have a lit-tan thread?
Wrong pic, Opie.
Wrong girls.
who is that hobo
He's not a hobo, he's the great white suburbanite hope. No matter how lacklustre your life, you can be a literary celeb, too!
Following in the tradition by the great forefather and pilgrim Sir Charles Bukiwski the 1st.
All wrong.
Wrong Opie pic.
I laughed so fucking hard at this imageReally enjoying all the Nopie uploads lately
, 
What do you think Plato would have thought about Christianity In The Republic, Socrates says the Greek gods must not be real because they are not perfect, and they are not a good example for the youth with their licentiousness. Would Christ and the Trinity have been an acceptable God for Plato/Socrates?
I feel like Plato would be kinda offended/incredulous at the idea of the Incarnation more than anything.
why's that? Greek gods took human form all the time, and he doesn't seem to criticize that from what I've read
I think Plato's main criticism of Christianity would be against charity. "love thy enemy" seems pretty antithetical to someone who wishes to build a strong and unified state, and celebrate victories in wars
True, but its not like Christianity was a hindrance to conquering European powers. If anything I think it served as an ideological unifier, and even perhaps the cause of the expansion, to spread the Word of Christ.
Matthew 28:19 "Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit..."Christendom was expansionist as fuck.
Plato said Homer's portrayal of the gods must not be real, because they aren't perfect. It would be retarded to say gods can't be real unless they're perfect. The premise is that the gods are perfect, and any other depiction is improper. There's some confusion because he uses "god" to refer to "godkind" as the author of only good, and people think he's saying "God", and saying the gods are a fiction but a perfect God is a reality. Greeks said "god" for "godkind" as we say "man" for "mankind"; the Greeks also do this with other things, like using singular "barbarian" to refers to the Persians as a people.As to how he would take to Christianity, he was already a serious Orphist, which is a lot like Christianity.
Yeah, I don't think Christ is suggesting this be done by force of arms.
So why was Socrates tried for atheism? A misunderstanding?
By contradiction, sure
Socrates was tried, among other things, for creating new strange gods forms
I doubt the Republican has anything to do with Socrates other than as a character name, even more than the other dialogues.If you want to talk about the trial of Socrates, it was because he was extremely chummy with people who wanted to overthrow the Athenian democracy and actually had dome so a couple of times. It was probably believed he was the one influencing the youth to do this. There was no evidence for his atheism, in fact that wasn't even his original charge in that dialogue. It was for worshiping strange gods; then Socrates confused the prosecutor and he changed the charge to outright atheism, but no evidence was presented for this. It was the epitome of McCarthism and trumped-up charges, at least that is how Plato paints it
the Republic
I doubt Plato's forms had anything to do with the charges against Socrates. Worshiping strange gods was a serious charge because it could imply different loyalties, say if you worshiped Persian gods during the Persian wars, you can see how that wouldn't look good. I don't think it meant anything in the Peloponnesian War, though, since the Spartans and the Athenians worshiped the same gods, and unless there was a conflict, the Greeks simply identified their gods with the gods foreigners worshiped. It was just a bullshit charge
What do you think Plato would have thought about ChristianityHe would have presented a photograph of an overweight, bearded Eastern European, and written "greater-than sign pure ideology" in green crayon on top of it.
metempsychosisa lot like christianity
The matter of the actual charge has already been discussed well by ; there doesn't seem to be any hard evidence for Socrates being an atheist, or at least a position that asserts the truth of atheism. More probable, he may have been an agnostic, if one takes seriously his characterizations of himself as not-knowing. With respect to the Greek gods, Socrates is still shown by Plato to be peculiar; one of his common oaths is "by the dog", which in the Gorgias is expanded to "by the Egyptian dog", that is, probably Anubis, which would strike an Athenian as odd. Further, in the Apology, Socrates's demonstration of the oracle's proclaiming him the wisest man is to attempt to refute the claim, which is tantamount to trying to refute Apollo, and would also strike an Athenian as blasphemous. There's also the matter of his daimon, which is usually taken to be evidence of some religiosity in Socrates, but a close look at how the dialogues portray the daimon with Socrates' claim that all he really knows is erotics, suggests that the daimon is nothing more than a polite expression of his philosophical erotics cf. Symposium's discussion of eros as daimonic, or as a daimon, Phaedrus' discussion of eros and Socrates' alluding to the daimon, and the Theages where Socrates juxtaposes the two at the beginning of the dialogue.If one takes Socrates's claims about philosophy seriously in his characterization of it as erotics, that is, the wisdom that one is impoverished with respect to wisdom and pursues it none the less, than he can be taken to be a hard agnostic, finding the gods to be questionable.
To respond more directly to the OP, he probably would've thought it politically useful for maintaining a certain sense of virtue among peoples, and perhaps restraining or moderating ambitious men, all provided it didn't try to destroy philosophy outright, in which case, he would probably agree with Nietzsche's tactics in trying to rid politics of its influence, including Nietzsche's attack on his own "noble lies".
I am glad there are still people like you on /lit/. Thanks anon.
doesn't socrates suggest something like that in the republic though? that it is better to be just to your enemies instead of unjust because that will not make them healthier it will only makes thigns worse
I saw Socrates at a grocery store in Los Angeles. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and engage him in elenctic method or anything. He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?” I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying. The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be just and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter. When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
Thank you! One can only try. :^PI forget if that specific formulation comes up in the Republic, but I know for a fact that it's used for an argument in the Gorgias. With respect to the idea put forward at , it might be worth noting that there's a pretty serious tension running through the Republic both between philosophy and justice, and justice in a narrow sense and in a comprehensive sense the narrow sense would be minding one's own business, which, after all, is what we see in the city of pigs; the comprehensive sense would be minding one's own business *well*. It's the difference between non-interference and perfect interference, and it looks like that tension prevents the city in speech from ever being *simply* just. A unified state *is* at issue, but really more as an excuse to reflect on the relation between political and metaphysical problems, and less so for purposes of practical politics. Recall that Socrates at the end of the Republic suggests that the constitution of the city in speech might not ever be put into practical action, and that what's more, *it doesn't even matter*.
would be funnier if it was Athens, not Los Angeles, and something else instead of Milky Ways...
TOPPEST KEK
Read Strauss' On Plato's Symposium
But see also Strauss on Xenophon's Apology - in "Xenophon's Socrates", I believe.
Thanks for clearing that up, I got confused by OP's post since I havent gotten yet to the republic.Do you have any speciric reference for tthe use of god, godking, etc or you just got it after reading the greeks? not trying to call you out, but genuinely interested
Looking back at his post, it seems a little unclear to me too, but I think and maybe he can clarify further if checks this thread again he's trying to note that people have a bad tendency in reading the Republic's passages about "the God" to be referring to a definite existing deity, when instead he's referring to a kind of being what Outis describes as "godkind".And if that's what he meant, than that makes sense to me as well from my own reading of those passages; Socrates isn't asserting the definite existence of some particular deity, but is rather speculating on the properties of a certain kind of entity that may or may not exist.
yeah change los angeles to athens and milky ways to forms or something
OP here, my understanding is that Socrates does believe there to be a 'Godkind', but that the gods worshipped by the Greeks were not 'it'. So this made me wonder if Christian theology would have fit his criteria. In Book II of the Republic, Socrates says:And what do you think of a second principle? Shall I ask you whether God is a magician, and of a nature to appear insidiously now in one shape, now in another...?and later Glaucon and Socrates agree:The gods are not magicians who transform themselves, neither do they deceive mankind in any way. All of this in reference to the Greek pantheon's 'humaness', a tendency to change form into a bull or swan or whatever and seduce humans, and Socrates is basically saying a God wouldn't play tricks on humans. Now it could be argued that Christ was a 'incarnation' of God, but its accepted that they are one and the same, immutable being. I think Christ fits Socrates' criteria, as he was open about who his divine nature and did not play tricks or succumb to human desires as many of the Greek gods did.
Of course this chapter is quite ambiguous, and I could totally be missing the mark. It is quite possible he is only critiquing Homer's and other poet's DEPICTION of the gods, not the Gods in themselves.
I'm poor. I have read the sticky in regards to reading online, but I don't see how I can read full books on my laptop's monitor, without my eyes starting to bleed. How do you do it?
ereader
This. Invest 80 dollars on an ereader and never buy a book again.
Self-bumping with pictures of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia's daughters.
use your library. that's why it exists
Okay hi. I have a question but didn't feel like it deserved its own thread.Are e-readers worth it? I've been wanting one but don't really know if I can justify the purchase when I can just read the same things on my phone. I hate reading books on my phone, though because they hurt my eyes and there are too many other things I could be doing on my phone and I'm easily distracted. Are the e-readers with paper-like screens nice? Are they the best kind? Is there one with a backlight that's still easy on the eyes?Also, how do I go about just downloading anything I want? Can they be easily rooted?Thank you for any help.
wanting to be spoonfed this muchAnon pls
B-but anon I need help :
You could and should just google it.But to sum it up: yes, they are very much worth it. They all, by definition, have "paper-like" only visually, of course, no pleasant texture screens, and they are easy on the eye and comfortable to read. Their whole point is to be comfortable to read on, so of course the backlight is easy on the eye they're also not exactly backlights, not like a screen, but I don't know how to explain, google it. Look for a model that's not too tablet-ish so you don't distract yourself. I had a kobo touch for a while and it was honestly the best ever. Slow enough to not allow me to mess around on the web browser too much which it has, and is useful for emergencies but efficient enough to allow me to read comfortably.Not sure about the kindle, but on Kobo you can simply connect it to your PC and dump the pirated .epub files in and you're good to go.
Thanks!I think I like the Kindle E-ink With WiFi the most. There is a used one on craigslist for $50, and there are also used ones on amazon for the same amount. Hopefully it's easy to pirate books on. Thanks again!
I just deal with permanently bleeding eyes tbh.It's why my posts are so salty.You see, they are full of my blood and tears.
I have a whole bookshelf of unread books yet still only read ePubs on my tiny phone
Look for a model that's not too tablet-ish..- achshully, the non-e-ink Kindles Fire, etc are totally OK for reading on as well, should you actually want/need multi-tasking, for whatever. For some reason, larger tablets Galaxy Tab, etc. are either uncomfortable, or really fucking horrible to read on, or both. If readings 90%+ of your wished usage tho?, then, yeah, e-ink.Not sure about the kindle, but on Kobo you can simply connect it to your PC and dump the pirated .epub files- pretty much.. with the Fire, etc. - root and ditch the AMZ junk, ok ereader and Droid allrounder then.- youll go blind. And audiobooks are crap.
youll go blind. And audiobooks are crapHow?
..epubs on a phone? srsly?
PoorHas laptopYah, there's probably no way you can afford books, I mean you might have to drink less lattes or something horrible like that.
Srsly. I'm terribly ignorant on some things. Other anons on this board even said its fine about 6 months ago.
I just read from my monitor.
read ePubs on my tiny phoneread from my monitor.
Books cramp my hands and hurt my neck, and I don't like the paper. I sit at a computer for 14-16 hours a day anyway, what difference does it make if I'm reading 4chan or reading a book?
They were lying to you. Bad anons.No srsly, try an e-reader, or Kindle Fire, if you need a general purpose device. Difference is night and day. For not having to continually scroll around, peer at sub 5" screens and, above all else, fuck up your eyesight into the bargain? - probably about the best $50-250 you will spend. Thank me later.
Dear /lit/,I came across a section of reality today.It made some sense but was little help to the problem: what the future is.The section goes as followsWhy is instant not the future?
Why is instant not the future?Because of the changes past.Wut?To wit:Good authors too who once knew better words,Now only use four letter wordsWriting prose, Anything Goes.
Because of the changes past.This inspires me to think: There was a point in time, that still is, that negotiates the natural rebound in what is constant; as to say when you have a tree bearing fruit, that fruit as it's nearing the dropping point gain a facility ,not previously available to its faculties, that starts dividing what will happen to the fruit after it's departure. Now this goes as far to say as what is happening in changes past, or changes that have been past, that decreed that something separating will have enough rebound within itself to begin another tree, so to speak.But as far as how that reflects on how 'instant is not the future'; it relates to how instant could in fact be the past... I'm gunna need another quote to keep going here
bump for interest
Post some of your prose and let others critique it, /lit/. I'd like to see what some of our budding writers on this board potentially have.
Imagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
He heard her distant speech from the office corridor; water vapour's laughter. Almost a whisper, graciously featherweight. Intentional or not, it was honest. Sugar paper wrapping an audible gift: such low decibel rating, more than enough to cause tinnitus. Nothing was ever forced, just slightly tapped. An incorruptible piece of audio not unlike a recently purchased cassette with an eternal promise establishing a rule for never playing it; you wouldn't want to damage such a beautiful sound.Naaaah, no, that's not. Wait. Her hair's a modest gradient - brown soil foundations allowed marvellous blonde establishments to grow and prosper, as many aspire for the success that her hair had achieved. Goddamn, wow. She seemed preoccupied, mid-discussion regarding some professional concerns - water cooler jargon for getting asses in gear because that shit wasn't ever going to record itself Oh god, you know how these artists are: "Hey, can I record this new solo I've been working on?" Well how about fuck off, no, it isn't exactly fucking November Rain. Just finish the fucking song, we want to go home, you self-indulgent rats. Despite concerns, stresses and depresses, she would seemingly give various timezones, annual celebratory holiday information and the variables that contribute to the variations of seasons' length and timing throughout each year. Surprisingly, she probably could. Those glasses. Whoa, Nelly. His libido would pull them off with his teeth; his libido this and that, a few lustful thoughts popped into mind -- fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off. I cannot believe I let that happen. Despite natural urge; the drill sergeant pushing forward, hoping his training of the soldiers had motivated them enough to succeed and survive the battlefield - probably Normandy, all the marching - against the foe. The Cold War scum suckers who wanted to fuck their freedom and cum in its hair, motherfuckers! They'd fuck their own mothers! The hun cunts and the Russkie shits, right, right, right, huh? ACHTUNG, I'LL SEE THE DEATH OF YOU BEFORE YOU RISE ONCE MORE.He turned his back from her general direction to hide the uprising. It seemed not just the revolt against Communism, but he was hiding the tearing of the Berlin wall and possibly the French Revolution too on second thought, most likely the French had something to do with it all. The studio was empty, right? Thundered, thundered, foot soldier march! I don't know what I've been told, What we have here is Cuban missile gold!
I was so mad at my Mom and Dad I punched my wall like *BANG*, like a boxer hitting a heavy bag. I didn't even care if I hit a stud or something. I hit just plain drywall though and punched through it like *BANG* you know? I was so tired of them always yelling at me and telling me how stupid I am. My Dad used to smack my head like I was a moron when I messed up at something that I wouldn't even know how to do anyway. It was my chore to sweep up the kitchen but getting around the table was a pain so I just pushed the chairs and stuff over and Mom yelled at me "what's wrong with you!". Dad came in and said "what is going on here jesus christ Ben what is it now". I didn't even throw the chairs I just pushed them out of the way cause they told me to sweep and the kitchen was fucking clean anyway. I had to stand there while they kept yelling but they told me to go to my room and I didn't have to finish. My wall has a lot of holes in it but I don't hit the ones by my bed anymore. They face outside and in the winter it gets cold around where the holes. I asked for a TV for my birthday but my parents got me a CD.
It's like Holden Caulfield revised for the 21st century. I like
I'm glad you recognized what I was going for but I feel the voice isn't quite consistent enough yet.
Theres some really sweet ideas in this, anon. Polish it more, maybe elaborate on some of the more interesting passages like "water vapour's laughter" and get really free with it. This is nice.
I was sitting there, I was depressed as hell, looking at some website where a bunch of phonies yappped and yapped about books. I like books, but the all the ones they were talking about were written by phonies. For instance, there was this real dumb bastard they were always worshipping called "Pinecone". That's right. A goddamned guy named Pinecone. Anyways, I read a few pages of one of this Pinecone guy's books and boy was is a load of junk. All he talked about were little pieces of architecture and bananas. I'm done with that for kind of shit for a while. Books aren't for me. I guess ever since I started fingerbanging Phoebe nothing seems as interesting.
Arthur peered out the window. His eyes trailed across every fleeting natural occurrence that passed by the train. Arthur marvelled at the beauty of nature in his adolescence. Often entranced, his sense of time became distorted -- wherein some instances, where seconds became hours and vice versa. However, self-criticality along with a change of scenery from his small country home to small apartment in the middle of a booming industrial city lead Arthur to forget his old tendencies.The train ride brought him back to his primal desire. There was a particular point in the train ride wherein he felt an overwhelming sense of sadness when passing a peculiarly beautiful area. A deep and gorgeous valley was separated by the cold steel of the train doors. On the top of the valleys were wisps of fog that rested, frozen in an ostensible eternity. Although the valleys extended far past his view, those in sight all followed a similar downward path to a circular center. Arthur was incapable of seeing the bottom of these valleys due to his position on the train, to which he attributed that such valleys held an abyss at the bottom. It is often of human nature to be anxious of the unknown. Arthur, on the other hand, found himself awestruck by the enigma -- a contrarion to most he knew. And when Arthur realized his current obsession, he felt the hammer of reality crack down upon him. It was swift, as if an execution. And rather than tasting blood as one would as he approaches death, Arthur felt an earthy bitterness touch his tongue.
Craig sat in his small-but-cozy office in the chili factory and looked over the recent data. The fancy charts and detailed analysis all arrived at a simple problem: participants did not respond well to the chili variation with a little extra cocoa powder or the variation with slightly less cocoa powder compared to the current recipe found throughout grocery store shelves across the country. To Craig, this simply meant that the clear solution was to chance nothing in the original recipe. To the higher-ups, this was a completely unacceptable answer. Their firmly held beliefs stated that a little tweaking done routinely was necessary to keep the brand relevant. The Bachelor's of Science hanging on the wall signified to everyone that Craig ought to be capable of finding a solution."Well, we increased and decreased the amount of cocoa by 1/4 teaspoon--so maybe trying again with 1/8 teaspoon would provide a more subtle change that the participants would find more palatable."There were a lot of furrowed brows and thoughtful nods at this suggestion. He was glad his idea had been met with approval, yet disappointed since it's implementation was sure to be a headache. Feeling the familiar weight of tasks and responsibility begin to press down on him, he opened the drawer of his desk and started working on an unfinished sudoku.
She jolted sideways as something came smashing down beside her. A great spatter of red had spackled on the white rock, and she saw what had created it: a turtle totally cracked open, shell smashed out and innards spilt upon the stone. With a whoosh of wind an eagle fluttered down beside the corpse, landing with a folding of its wings and hopping to the ruined turtle's ruined form. Its curved beak swept into the broken shell, ripping out a chunk of guts that promptly was gulped down. The eagle paused then, for it saw her. Its piercing yellow eyes were gleaming in its brown feathery face. She knew that look, that stare. She nodded. “Good eating,” she said. Then her eyes went back onto the bloody spatter. She saw the brilliant scarlet fluid running now in rivulets into the crevices and crannies of the ancient stone. She felt the flow as though it ran across her own skin, felt the weight that blood has and the strange way that it sticks and stretches over hardy surfaces. Her own blood, in between her ears, began to pump the faster. She swallowed. She shook her head, tried to clear the feeling, and she hurried on.
This is a little melodramatic, but that's fine. More worryingly, you seem to dance between the past and the present tense.Nevertheless, the language is powerful, and you use particularly strong words at the right moments- like "deep and gorgeous valley" which I like- and the use of the word "abyss."Just pay more attention when you're writing.
Much appreciated, Anon.
Want to try creative writing myself: how often should I redraft passages? I have ideas planned out, but should I be a little freeform with structure? I know some authors certainly are. How often can I mix the colloquial with the formal?
On the strip scene in True LiesImagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
jamie lee curtis is hot in that imo but this was still funny to me
The day the world ended was just like any other. Honey bees suckled on sweet nectar as robins and jays flitted about the azure sky, leaving behind downy feathers in their wake. Children played on the streets and in the public parks, for it was finally the weekend they had been looking forward to. The older citizens occupied their free time with recreational sports in the sun, tasty picnics in the shade, and fine music in the ears. The sun was high and shined brightly upon the content populous, radiating warm whispers that masked the impending demise of their insignificant planet. The happy mood quickly changed to severe terror when the first disaster struck. A deafening boom resounded across the world, as if Gaia had clapped her earthen hands together in delight. But rather, the earth came apart. Paved roads crumpled up as tremors shook reverberated through cities and towns, thoroughly thrashing their denizens. The ground split into a multitude of fractured pieces, creating chasms far too deep to see the bottom of that greedily swallowed whole groups of terrified humans. Not knowing where to run from the ground, people aimlessly fled for their lives in fear, praying to their gods for their lives to be spared. Soon after came the tidal waves, washing entire continents like a divine hose. The water had turned a murky black and it crashed against all that stood in it's path, sweeping up tall skyscrapers and small people with ease and carrying them nowhere in particular. By now, only those living on the tallest mountains had survived this series of catastrophes, but they didn't have long to enjoy their good fortune. The sky turned a sickening crimson as piercing whistles rang through the air. Blazing red meteors stabbed through the clouds and rained down upon whatever was left of the broken planet, punching deep holes in what little ground there was to punch deep holes in. The mighty mountains crumbled, the black oceans sloshed, and the last human cried out in despair at the unforgiving end to humanity as a molten boulder slammed down from above and crushed him mercilessly.
day just like any otherquickly changedclichefor it wasthe unforgiving end to humanityyou don't talk like that, don't write like that.The older citizens fled for their lives in fear, praying to their godssafe and lifelesslike a divine hosea sickening crimsonNOI diagnose you with a Heavy Hand. Take some Dostoevsky short stories and call me in the morning.
Pass the talcum, Malcolm.
We're only 14, call us Mr. Wallace.
Is his autobiography any good?
yes
What did /lit/ think of Go Set a Watchman?
it hasn't been published yet
author's name is bigger than the titleI can tell its shit already.
shitposting greentextsI can tell you're a retard.
I mean, it wasn't as good as To Kill a Mockingbird, it makes you appreciate how important the point of view of Scout as a child was to that book. The writing with Scout being older just doesn't work as well.
So are we going to do an entire thread pretending we've read it?Why not, every other /lit/ thread does it.
I didn't like the ending when Scout asked when racism would be over and Boo Radley replied "Go set a watch...man."
Don't you know, ScoutIts a crime to walk in to the jewelers hand him your timepiece and tell him "Go Set a Watch, man."0/10
I've fallen for this Harper guy's tricks twice now!First time I read four hundred pages and never find out how to kill a mockingbird which went on to die of old age.This time, I read it all and never got told how to set policemen on fire.FUCKING FRAUD~I'm really looking forward to it.
More like, go set a watchman outside Harper Lee's room so she doesn't get elder abused by her agent.
Coming in 2017: 3 Kill 3 MockingbirdFollowed by a reboot in 2019.

kek
there are grown adults who are excited about this book and pre-ordering itthis book will make the most money of any book this summerpeople who only read YA will read it and love it and think they're reading something other than YAwhy are we all pretending that Mockingbird is a good book? are you sure you guys belong here?
A new excerpt from the book, courtesy of HuffPo.1/2"Daddy, I'm home from New York City, bastion of equality, with a college education and a new attitude on race."Looking up from his newspaper, Atticus said, "Now, Scout, I may defend a negro in court from time to time but only if I don't have to see them much. Segregation suits us Southerners just fine.""No, daddy, there's a new way of doing things," said Scout, shaking her head. "Those Yankees have it all figured out. You see, in the North, they aren't racist anymore! They invented these things called ghettos.""Ghettos? Why, I was just reading about those in this here newspaper!" exclaimed Atticus.Scout closed her eyes and nodded. "Ghettos are places where blacks aren't legally forced to live, but they wind up there anyway thanks to jobs, housing costs, and discrimination in white neighborhoods.""The government doesn't have to enforce racist policies and look bad?" asked Atticus, clearly interested, as he shifted forward in his seat."No, daddy, that's the point! The Northerners have the moral highground when talking about Southerners and they still don't have to look at black people. It's wonderful! There is an amazing place in New York City called Harlem. All of the blacks live there. They beat one another, shoot one another, drink, use drugs, join gangs, and the cops don't even have to come around! The children go to third-rate schools and that's okay because it's based on taxes, not a concerted effort of the government. The blacks don't have a chance. Don't even get me started on these new 'public housing projects.' The government wants to use this post-WW2 boom to construct housing for the poor on the pretense of charity, even though the money won't last forever and they will really serve and a means of consolidating blacks and moving them off of prime real estate that can be used for economic development!""Scout, I must say..." Atticus covered his face with his hand. Tear drops fell and stained his wool pants.
2/2Scout walked over to Atticus and started to rub his back with her right hand."Daddy, are you okay? Don't feel so bad about being a racist inbred piece of white trash. I'm not judging you with my Northern liberal education. You don't know any better.""No, my beautiful daughter, it's not that. This new way of doing things sounds so wonderful. I think we should both make it out life's mission to end segregation and institute ghettos. We can start with St. Louis!" Atticus stood up from his chair and looked out the window as he imagined a new life for Southerners, free of guilt but fearful of home invasions."Oh, daddy, I am so glad you understand!" Scout embraced her father around the neck and kissed his cheek. "I have someone to introduce you to."The screen door swung open and in walked a rodent-like creature. Its skin was an opaque yellow, a large nose rose like a mountain between two small shiny black eyes, and two curly locks of hair fell messily along either side of its face. It wore a large flat brimmed hat and a black cloak crudely covered its twisted and misshapen body. It stuck out its clawed hand."Feivel Kuntsler, attorney-at-law, at your service. For a price, of course, but you're mishpocheh now so I'll give you a discount.""Daddy, this is my new husband. He's a real mentsh. We already have all the plans drawn up and I already called all of the local ministers. We march tomorrow!""Feh!" spit Feivel. "We'll show those racist shmendriks the error of their ways, especially concerning Antisemitism!""Darn right!" giggled Scout. She looked at her watch. "Oh! Look at the time! We really must get going across the tracks.""Why?" asked Atticus."Feivel made an arrangement with a local black bull. He's going to fill me up with nine inches of black pipe! I need a good breeding.""The blacks know how to pleasure women!" exclaimed Feivel. "I don't care much for intercourse myself. I prefer the company of Presidents." He pulled a wad of bills out of his pocket, held them up to his nose, and took a deep breath. Feivel shuddered with pleasure as he exhaled.Atticus's eyes got wide with amazement. He had imagined white women being defiled by black men ever since his famous court case. He turned to Scout with a smile on his face."Can I watch?""Certainly, daddy," said Scout, giggling once again. She grabbed Atticus and Feivel by the waste and the trio walked out of the house. They started their journey to the place where Scout's big black bull was waiting to split her pussy in two.FIN
This is one of the only things from this site that has ever made me laugh. Thank you.
Harold Bloom, the objective mediator of literature, likes To Kill a Mockingbird
Harold Bloom is also shit though
Genuinely excited. I had to study TKAMB for English Lit class. Granted, other than the court scenes and Racism focused parts, it was shit-tier, hopefully the new book will have all the annoying characters like Boo dead and we can actually focus on Southern attitudes to blacks.
From what I read, its a prequel.
It's a sequel. The new book was originally written first but then the publishers asked her to write a prequel t it TKAMB.
I believe it contains substantial flashbacks to Scout's childhood that the publishers persuaded Lee to rework into a new novel.
oh my god ahahhaha
The only thing I can compare to this is strangely Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead where the latter was also thought of first and then the first was written as background, but ended up the becoming far more famous.If that case is anything to go by, though I'm probably infuriating some people here for using genre fiction as a reference, Go Set a Watchman is going to be the quieter, more profound, but lesser known book.I'm kind of excited, actually. I'm not American so I read Mockingbird and watched the great movie just a few years ago, and I thought it was a perfect, little masterpiece to be honest.I'm slightly worried it's going to be a sloppy first try, or consists of too many childhood remembrances so that it feels more like a proto-Mockingbird, but I don't think Harper Lee would want to publish it if that was the case. AFAIK upon rereading she was surprised how well it stood alone.
Wait, not on her initiative after all ... I wonder where I got that from. At least she's seemingly consented to it 
hilarious
While To Kill A Mockingbird isn't the best book it's still enjoyable to me. I think the "A book has to be pure literary genius" to be read and enjoyed is such a shitty way to think.
He didn't like Infinite Jest; Therefore, I disregard every other opinion he may happen to have
/pol/ pls leave
absolutely 10/10
Legitimate 10/10

, 
tfw you will never be guided through hell by your favourite poetWhy even live?
Who'd tap that? Fun to write home about.
tfw you will never be guided through hell by your favourite poetI dunno. You lot are doing a pretty good job of it.
tfw you can't speak italian so you have to read the inferior translated version.
So the breast are the eyes and the hair the mandibles?
This was in Fando y Lis. What is it?
tfw your a native italian speaker and need a fucking parafrasi to fully understand it
I swear people always say there isn't that much difference because Dante pretty much standardised the language?You've just scared me haha. Currently learning Italian so I can read Dante and the other Stil Novo poets
The italian language has a strange history, basically no one speaked what we now call italian since the '50s when people started watching television and learning "canonical" italian, before that every region had and still have its own dialect and they are very different. In the north, near milan where i grew up the dialect sounds like french and italian mashed up togheter, in the south it sounds completely different.tl;dr if you're learning modern italian to read poems written in ancient volgare i have a bad news for you
oh jee!How can I possibly read Dante in the original language?It's not like millions of normal people can read Italian after a couple years of casual learning!
Gene Wolfe says the Divine Comedy is sci-fi. Was it the first sci-fi since ancient times?
How is it sci-fi?
which century? you can mean 1950's. im sure the pruification of "Italian" into the Tuscan dialect was a couple hundred years earlier atleast.Hell, the accademia della crusca was founded in the 1580's!
Why even live?If you do kill yourself you'll probably go to hell and meet your favorite poet though.So yeah, why live
I swear people always say there isn't that much difference because Dante pretty much standardised the language?They say that because didn't read the thing.It's pretty hard to read.Dante's prose is easier, but the poetry is damn hard for a contemporary reader. Not to mention all the stuff that isn't even really volgare, like latin, french and who knows how much other stuff.Fuck's sake, there are verses of which nobody knows the meanings.Pape satan aleppeNot just your average pleb, people who spend their life studying the comedy don't know what some verses mean.
yeah you're exaggerating with the dialect stuff though.
Native Italian speakers have difficulty reading Dante. It sounds to me like you've never learned another language, nobody who has would treat it so flippantly.
"Nel 1861, secondo la stima di Tullio De Mauro, era in grado di parlare in italiano solo il 2,5% della popolazione italiana. Secondo la stima di Arrigo Castellani alla stessa data la percentuale era invece del 10%." eh
Nel 1861, secondo la stima di Tullio De Mauro, era in grado di parlare in italiano solo il 2,5% della popolazione italiana. Secondo la stima di Arrigo Castellani alla stessa data la percentuale era invece del 10%I stand corrected.. I always assumed the unification of the language preceeded the unification of the state.
I didnt treat it flippantly. I said it would take a couple years of work.
" Humanists would say the Divine Comedy is fantasy, but they are wrong. It is SF, based on the soft science of theology. Theology has just as much right to that word science as sociology and the rest do."
Yes but theology is not a science
It's more of a science than math
A few years will make you fluent. Not ready to read the masterworks of a language.
You read English.Please, tell us how effortlessly you read the entirety of the Faerie Queene, I mean it's in English.then come back and tell us how easy it is to learn a language then read its masterpieces.I CAN BARELY READ HARRY POTTER IN ITALIAN.
Tfw my favorite poet was a hardcore Christian. So if there is a hell, I'll never even meet her.
I CAN BARELY READ HARRY POTTER IN ITALIAN.ma leggi roba italiana, no? e non farti trollare
ma leggi roba italiana, no? e non farti trollareno, I've never actually studied italiano. I don't know how I can read it. Just lots of exposure to Romance languages, I guess.
Be like Borges who said something like "I can't read Italian, but I can read Dante and Ariosto". Proust said the same of Ruskin and English after he spent several years translating some of his work into French.
Borges was always cheeky about translations. Wasn't he the one that said, "The original is unfaithful to the translation"?
tfw you will never bang hot spider bitchesTime for me to end it
Consider: before you yourself realized how 'important' the original language of a work was, how often did you read literature in translation? And how often did it move you? And how much different would it have been if you'd read the original?How many people were more moved by Pope's Iliad than Homer's original?
which circle of hell is for autism?how are autists punished?
Autists probably fall under Heretics and Blasphemy6th circle
I never bring this up because it's a retarded meme but the point is valid. The point is that you're not reading the author, but someone else. This isn't some kind of snobby bullshit but a legit concern. If a translation is bad, it effectively makes reading the book a terrible experience and if you don't know that it's because of the translation you're gonna dismiss the book as bad. As for your question, I try to read english stuff in english, unless it's non fiction, which is why I'm not reading a lot of eng lit lately. It requires quite a bit of effort for me, and plus I'm WAY behind on my own country's literature. It's gonna have to wait. Any other language, I read it translated in mine. Never read something translated to english and I'm not gonna do it unless it's non fiction and/or it's the only option.I haven't had any issues since I've been doing this, but consider that most stuff I've been reading since I started doing this is classic or anyways pretty old. New books often have terrible translations, I remember this from when I used to read a lot of sci fi.
That line of reasoning would make any mythological work sci fi. Including the bible.
"This is a LibriVox recording. All LibriVox recordings are in the public domain. For more information, or to volunteer, please visit: librivox.org"What's are some good sites for free audiobooks? Torrent sites are acceptable too.
read books out loud to yourself. its free
Gutenburg~Feedbooks~Entire Western Canon on those two.
If you ever want to hear Shakespeare devoid of life, wit, and any vitality, listen to a librivox recording
"This is a LibriVox recording. All LibriVox recordings are in the public domain. For more information, or to volunteer, please visit: librivox.org"Libribox recording of Gibbon's Fall and Decline isnt so bad.Get Dune series on YouTube by professionals.
GutenburgThey don't do audioFeedbooksKey word is free
I'm curious too, especially French language recordings.
librivoxdogs barking, white noise and essing really badNobody should be allowed to record that can't edit audio
the author of this badly-written contrived novel that lacks depth and revolves around senseless plot twists made thousands and thousands of dollars, achieved national recognition, and got a movie dealmeanwhile we are still unpublishedThis genuinely makes me angry. It's not often I think "I could write a better book than this," but goddammit I'm thinking it now. What a heap of bullshit. How was this deemed publish-worthy?
SJ WatsonSJWREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
What are the greatest short stories you've ever read? I don't mean horseshit reddit-tier like Harrison Bergeron or The Lottery, what are the really good ones?Examples of highest quality :A Rose for EmilyThe DeadBilly Budd
Bartleby, the ScrivenerYoung Goodman BrownRip Van WinkleA Well-Lighted PlaceA Perfect Day for BananafishA few of Maupassant's, I don't remember the titles
Oh, and How Much Land does a Man Need?
A Clean, Well-Lighted Place* Shit.
Some of Conrad's short stories are pretty amazing.
Fuck a Rose For Emily, I failed that shit.The CrucibleThe Tell-Tale HeartHarrison BergeronThe Young FolksThe Renegade
Heart of DarknessDeath of Ivan Ilyich
in the heart of the heart of the country
A Good Man is Hard to Find.
People Like That Are the Only People Here: Canonical Babblings in Peed Onk - Lorrie MooreIn the Penal Colony - KafkaBells in the Morning - Richard YatesThe Lottery in Babylon - Borges
Billy Budd is a novella. Definitely The Bear, though.Additionally,Good Country People O'ConnorBoys and Girls MunroHills Like White Elephants
Anything from 'what we talk about when we talk about love' by carver
Dostoevsky's short stories always leave me in awe, but I never remember the titles. Just the characters and what I felt.The White Ship by Lovecraft is really good.Masque of the Red Death by Poe, too.
Many of Carver's storiesAll of Alice Munro's storiesMany of Flannery O'Connor's storiesWilliam Gass's "The Pedersen Kid" is a remarkable masterpiece
For Esme with Love and Squalor
The overcoat - gogol
The Withered Arm by Thomas HardyMr. and Mrs. Dove by Katherine Mansfield A Painful Case by James Joyce
the crucible isn't a short story you dunce
heart of darkness is a novella
OP i know the lottery is ELA-tier, but its still a great fucking story.
Lots of good stories mentioned so far.The Nose by GogolAnything by BorgesAlmost anything by Hemingway to name a few that don't get as much attention: "Now I Lay Me," "A Way You'll Never Be," "In Another Country".Oscar Wilde's fairy tales particularly "The Fisherman and his Soul," "The Happy Prince," and "The Young King" but they're all fantasticDaughters of the Vicar by D.H. Lawrence
Borges. Reading "The Library of Babel" was a real come to jesus moment for this guy here.
Harrison BergeronOne of my favorite Simpsons episodes
some good suggestions in this thread, OP. i second the anon suggestions of In the Penal Colony and Bartleby.I also recommend reading some short stories from this year. Two Houses by Kelly Link is one of the best so far.
As of late: 10th of December - Saunders A Little Bit of Old Slap and Tickle - Hawkes A Shower of Gold - Barthelme The Night Driver - Calvino Inb4 Saunders flame. I think the man is talented
I always thought Dagon was pretty cool
Can someone please explain the cultural and artistic effects of 9/11?
Or you could do your own homework
Read/watch Extremely Loud and Incredibly CloseThe autistic child therein represented is a metaphor for the United States of America post-9/11
but im not in schoolhow could i have homeworkno homework, just curiosity friend
Go to bed Stockhausen.
Derrida on this exact subject, if you want the 'pomo meme figure' take:
fukuyama stopped being a fukuyamaist.
Some building in burgerland got blown up. Some brown people with lots of oil got blamed, so burgerlandians shot them and took the oil. The rest of the word gave no fucks. That's pretty much it. Now everything carries on as normal, except brown people and burgerlandians hate each other a little bit more.
Distopian themes such as the Hunger Games and renewed popularity of such works as 1984 and Brave New World are a greater part of popular culture, though that's pretty obvious.
“Society is elitist,” says Lacan. The characteristic theme of de Selby’s model of dialectic discourse is the meaninglessness, and some would say the economy, of subcapitalist sexual identity. It could be said that Foucault suggests the use of Sartreist absurdity to attack capitalism.In the works of Madonna, a predominant concept is the distinction between masculine and feminine. If textual discourse holds, we have to choose between dialectic postsemanticist theory and textual Marxism. However, Parry implies that the works of Madonna are reminiscent of Tarantino.Sartre uses the term ‘textual discourse’ to denote a mythopoetical paradox. It could be said that Marx’s essay on Sartreist absurdity states that the purpose of the writer is deconstruction.If Marxism holds, we have to choose between the dialectic paradigm of reality and subtextual capitalist theory. In a sense, the premise of Marxism implies that consensus must come from the collective unconscious.Finnis suggests that we have to choose between textual discourse and posttextual feminism. But Foucault’s model of Marxism states that government is capable of truth.“Class is part of the stasis of art,” says Lyotard; however, according to Dahmus, it is not so much class that is part of the stasis of art, but rather the collapse, and subsequent genre, of class. If modern precultural theory holds, we have to choose between Sartreist absurdity and dialectic discourse. It could be said that many situationisms concerning textual discourse may be found.In the works of Rushdie, a predominant concept is the concept of subpatriarchialist reality. Lacan uses the term ‘Marxism’ to denote the role of the poet as artist. Thus, the subject is interpolated into a Sartreist absurdity that includes consciousness as a totality.Marx promotes the use of Marxism to modify society. It could be said that the subject is contextualised into a Sartreist absurdity that includes narrativity as a whole.Lacan suggests the use of the capitalist paradigm of consensus to deconstruct sexism. However, Lyotard uses the term ‘Marxism’ to denote not discourse, but neodiscourse.The subject is interpolated into a Sartreist absurdity that includes consciousness as a totality. It could be said that Lacan promotes the use of Marxism to read and analyse class.
ebin, simply ebin
Every time a film reviewer wrote about a film whose plot involved a man-made catastrophic event, that reviewer would always draw arbitrary and completely bullshit parallels between the story and real life events.You're welcome.
American citizens becoming overly terrified of absolutely everything new and different, coupled with a fiercer sense of patriotism and paranoia. Also we hate muslims here as a rule of thumb. Everyone and everything from another country is "unamerican."red scare 2.0
It made a whole lot of Ameritards upset and cring 4never 4getIt put America in its place .. for a couple of months, at least.
blech I hate that kind of thing
I do think that it's legitimately hard, now, to understand how fucking awful the Bush years were in America.
I despise how Burgerland has seemed to have conflated 9/11 with the Holocaust, both with their Never Forget slogans: 3000 vs. 6 million. The arrogance of it all, which is the wonted trait of Burgerland: overinflated arrogance and narcissism.
It had a huge impact on the most artistic thing ever put on television/film, the Sopranos
I think the planes in this crash had a huge impact on the towers
Jk guys. Planes didn't do shit. Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
People were already pretty pessimistic before. Waco, Ruby Ridge, and Oklahoma City had turned many into nihilists.
you mean the special effects
This sounds like shitposting but it's actually true. The need to preserve the memory and hunt industriously for some kind of answer is very characteristic of the USA's collective response to 9/11
They're grieving because they feel like their country isn't safe anymore. Could you please not act like 3000 dead people and two collapsed buildings is nothing just because the holocaust happened?
typical Burgerland response
even if its fake or a hoax it interestingly enough creates new philosophical concepts inadvertently through the self-referential power of language. juxtaposing two concepts which, in a serious attempt at philosophy, simply would not have been thought of in a binary relationship. it's like a philosophical regression into dadaism, or the necessity of using poetic language to describe something that hasn't been thought of before.
this
Well, it was a faux pas to show any pair large buildings being blown up for a while.Or, y'know, show the aforementioned buildings in a work of fiction.Lots of things were edited immediately after 9/11 to remove things like old shots of the world trade center, and pairs of buildings being destroyed.Stuff like that.None of it particularly long-lasting.Hell, 9/11 jokes went mainstream the week after it hit.I remember it.
I'm not reading anything by that hack.
Every time I try to write I just feel cheesy. What am I doing wrong?
Write and read more.
Don't try to emulate others writing
Why would I continue to do something that makes me feel so uneasy?
Feel like I don't really have a mature dialogue. I sound like a pretentious douchebag when I'm writing it down.
It feels more natural when I believe I have an audience, but when I'm completely talking to myself I feel queer.Someone relate.
Write for you, If you don't like it rewrite it.Not everything you write is going to be solid gold, hell, most of it won't even be slag.Be persistent, develop ideas carefully and reign in the wild horses of your untempered creativity.
Or more accurately, imitate writers who actually resonate with you instead of ones who everyone else tells you are good.
You just see the fraud of it all, and most writers do feel like frauds when they read their own work.
You're trying to be serious when you're actually a cheeseball. Embrace new sincerity to embrace the new seriousness.
How not to write like a fraud? Write actual art? How do? Or just write philosophy?
Are there any historical books about early Christians and the lives of the apostles?
T-the Bible? Bokenkotter did one, a concise history of the Catholic Church. Don't know how it is yet, though. Eusebius alsp did one, if I'm not mistaken. 
Coltranemah nigga
hello, /lit/ someone have the comic: "Nova Starcraft: Ghost Series #1" in pdf? pleaseeeeee
this is it OP you need to learn how to fucking google.
If it's a comic you're looking for you should ask /co/
a big tip of the ol' fedoradropped
hey /lit/I am a huge fan of the American Civil War and wondering what are your favorites on the subject. I read books like "Lee's Lieutenants" by Douglas Freeman "Crossroads of Freedom" by James McPherson, and "Saber and Scapegoats" Mark Nesbitt.
So you like "grandfather" historians then? muh exceptionalism
Quality post
The Killer Angels is pretty good in the historical fiction realm
I'm tired of just reading philosophy. I want to BE a philosopher and live a philosophers life, like one of those crazy Greek guys not necessarily D-dawg though. How can I live more philosophically?
get rid of everything you own. You should probably stay off the internet too.
go innawoods
I'm tired of just reading wikipedia articlesfixed
If you can't answer the question yourself you should read more philosophy. That could be your first duty is to reach a point where you are able to self direct in a philos educated way.
Is this a copy/pasta or am I experiencing some deja vu?
you've been here too long, buttersbut please don't go
dat projection
We call people like that "bums" nowadays.
There's a story about Heidegger giving a biography of Aristotle in one of his lectures: "Aristotle was born; he thought; and he died." That's it, that's the complete biography.
If you have to ask, then you've already failed. The whole idea of living philosophically is to come up with the philosophy and corresponding lifestyle on your own.
The fact that your philosophy lectures doesnt trascend into your practical life and your tantrum on how you would like to live your life "more philosophically" shows how puerile you stil are to manage a self conciouss, self critical life which wisdom demands. i.e. you grow with each page and it´s position in pragmatical life, get to read!
By devising answers to your own questions you tit.
Tbh, nobody really lives by their own philosophy.Not Nietzche, not Kierkegaard and not Kant.It's all hypotheses and ultimately imperfect realizations of their ideology, representing in their imperfections the ideologue's particular areas of alienation from reality.
Philosophy for me is intimately tied to a notion of duty. A duty to understand the other without doing violence to them. A duty to express with sheer force what I am in the particular and in the general. A duty to remember. A duty to decide what kind of life is worth choosing to live. And it is work. It can be joyous and a pleasure, but it is work and as such, does not demand the former. Philosophy is political is historical is ontological is ethical is a duty and a responsibility.
this/thread
Imagine if tomorrow the entire US suddenly become NEET. Do you think that libertarians would defend them because muh individual rights or criticize them because muh capitalism?
This is some weirdass Oblomov/PKD fanfic you want us to write, OP
how would they criticize people? in their own homes with no electricity no phone no internet and no mail? Im sure they would say a lot of things under such circumstances.
i have a bad news for libertarians lelCapitalists will raise the wages NEETS will quit the NEETdom.
this is called a strike
It could go like that, but once a large enough group got a taste of NEET lyfe and realized they could strong-arm the corporations by refusing to work, there's no guarantee that they wouldn't just do it again after not being satisfied with the increased wages.
That's only when an organized group does it. If it memetically spread throughout most of the working age population then it'd be completely different, though the problem is actually getting it to spread.
 Too Idealistic anon. They will keep increasing the wages.
that's called a general strikeagain, you don't really have that novel of an idea anon
They could but there's a breaking point to things like that. It would all depend on which side was more persistent.
Then they would simply throw a lot more money at automation and the workers would soon find they don't have a job to return to, ever.It's funny how workers think they have any leverage.
Rise of the Robots: Technology and the Threat of a Jobless Futureread this recently. I had seen a lot of it before in previous work, but it was certainly interesting.
and by read recently, I mean the book.If there's any interest I can post excerpts I found interesting.
It would never happenOP is a commie faggot
, 
, 
How can I become guided by theoretical principles and logic instead of primary experience and emotional impulses?
how can you become religious you mean?accept something purely beyond anything you know or have any grasp on?the answer is in the name: faithmy suggestion: stick to what you know and follow your heart
That sounds like the opposite of what he means
KekOP-start with the Greeks.
wasted triples
but it is what he means, in the end
Ride the tiger op
You can't, or to potentially make a more accurate statement; you might not be able to.
No, that is not right at all.Please stop being wrong, and go away to some place you can learn to be right, then you can come here and be right about things.If you don't do this then you will continue to be wrong forever, and that would be just dreadful.
you've got a lot to learn
/lit/ how is it that some men are so intelligent and talented that millions of others devote their education and even entire lives to studying their accomplishments? Going to college this fall and the thought of taking classes devoted to an author's body of work puts things in perspective regarding the level of talent required to be known in the literary world. Homer and Virgil are still well-known and respected names after 2,000+ years, and will most likely be remembered in another 2,000 years from now.
right time and right place. if nietzsche was born today, literally nobody would listen to him.
because few great men theory is more accurate than many people would like you to believe.
do you want a straight answer?they were first
Men are a product of their environment. Not exactly inspiring to live in a world where everything is made for you and everyone is telling you how to think and what to be
if nietzche was born today he'd be the exact same person he was in the late 19th centuryMost of the authors studied in universities are for their literary merits but also historical purposes e.g. Homer's poems are the oldest surviving ones and he was revered by the Greeks, though he is still a great poet. Also, there is a difference between being academically studied and being known in the literary world.
if nietzsche time traveled to today no one would listen to himno one would care that a person time traveled and that this person was nietzsche, one of the most cited writers of all times
they were firstthis, at rediscovering eternal truths. Do yourself a favor: Before taking classes, try developing your own theories, based on first principles, about the subjects you will be studying.Not only will you appreciate and understand the class material more, you may even have arrived at many of the same unavoidable conclusions as these great men.
To be honest, if Nietzche time traveled to the 21st century he would probably just shit up the place. In fact, he'd probably shitpost on /mu/ about Wagner.
He would be a mod at /r/atheism.
Who Redwall here?
Such great books. Lord Brocktree was my favorite. That ending was fucking brutal.
OFFICIAL ANIMAL POWERRANKINGLords of All They Survey TierBadgersPretty Cool but not Badgers TierSquirrels OttersWhy Are These Main Characters They're So Fucking Bland TierMiceHahahaha Wow tiereverything else
Foxes should be in the same tier as badgers.
forgetting the haresDO YOU EVEN LONG PATROL
The Legend of Luke got pretty bleak.
I became attracted to mice through these books.
hares and moles gotta get some love bruh
where the fuck are foxes and bobcats you dumb nigger?
Lords of All They Survey TierBadgersThis anon gets it.EULAAALIAAAAA!
Martin the Warrior was also depressing as fuck.
Rats are so cool thoughwhy would you hate on the rats?
be me, ten years oldparents didn't even into highschoolBehind in school myselfStranger gives me RedwallFirst book I ever read for funRead all of them
Does Redwall have mongooses? They are a truly based creature who could help defend the Abbey against raiders.

Stranger gives me Redwall
Redwall was what made me a furry
please, don't blame this great series on your mental illness

The apu trilogy is literature related right?Spent most of Saturday watching the it in theatres for the first time and was nearly in tears after at the thought that I would never have such an experience again.
The novels are lit-related, and the films in explicit relation to them. I never read/watched either, though. Is it about how he needs the Quik-E-Mart?
Is it about how he needs the Quik-E-Mart?epik XD
Boyhood  Qiik-E-Mart trilogy
happy birthday to one of the dankest American poets, and a Long Island native no less. Why doesn't /lit/ discuss this man more?
free verse
Everything that needed to be said about him was said before our grandparents were born.
/lit/ doesn't like free verse? thats all that gets posted in crit threads
That's because no one on /lit/ is any good at meters and rhyme schemes.
I actually avoided reading him because I have a Penguin Classics copy of all his poetry, and it would've creased easily.Once I stopped being a shallow cuntHe's amazing, Sea Drift is the one where I gave up and creased the shit outta that book to read it.
I have a hard cover copy of Leaves of Grass in the mail, I'm so excited
He's fantastic, but not much to say about him.
tfw literature have ruined your enjoyment of other mediums, you cant play vidya without thinking that the dialogues are cringeworthy and the plot Clancy tier.you cant watch movies without thinking that characters are just dumb and unidimensionalFuck.
Watch mad max
Fuck.You'll find out that fucking is 50 Shades tier.
you're doing it righti think those two mediums in particular fail the moment they attempt to ape literature, film most of allthey need to find their own. you don't cringe at a mario game when you're bouncing on turtles because you're at the height of that medium's powers.
aren't they tortoises?
This right here. Videogames are at their best when the gameplay is given the most focus instead of their story. Stories cannot work well by design in video games, as player input is a central aspect of a game
this is a good thing you fucking pleb
most movie and video game plots are mythical in nature, more like gilgamesh or beowulf, not really like clancy. unless you just mean like call of duty: advanced warfare, which is actually a surprisingly good reflection of our current fears of globalization and slave revolts, the emergence of drones and global network grids as a new method for facilitating fascism, and so onmovie characters are also mostly mythical, their dimension relies on the acting and your ability to interpret what they're thinking in the context of the plot. dialogue is only a small clue. it's a built-in ambiguity and makes film more interesting.there's a lot more you can get out of something than character or plot, good tools to have but not even that essential to good literature.
you cant watch movies without thinking that characters are just dumb and unidimensionalI always thought this, just now I know why.I'm hoping that game studios with the most money start hiring all those poor creative writing undergrads and step their dialogue and story writing up, if they insist on doing it.
our current fears of globalization and slave revoltsFREDUMBSEEDUMBS
well actually i'd argue you don't know the real reason why. movie characters represent platonic forms, beyond spacetime possibly with the exception of nostalgic high brow realism in the same vein as mythical heroes, the likes of which is mocked and satirized by don quijote, which becomes the new literary model for a three-dimensional character. movie characters bring back these eternal epic heroes.
Maybe watch better movies
Pic related, Nocturne and Digital Devil Saga have the best atmosphere of any game I've played, steeped in mythology and the perfect jrpgs for /lit/ to play
What in god's name is this rambling nonsense. Are we generalizing all movies? Is this a serious thing?
Nice picture. Can I save it?
is a book too :^
Gotti's Rules: The Story of John Alite, Junior Gotti, and the Demise of the American Mafia*Anyone read this? Worth a read? thanks for your opinion
What went wrong?
boo life is worthless and without meaninglet's embrace itliterally dumbest shit ever
Amor fati my nigga
implying life does have any meaningimplying there isn't an infinite amount of universes devoid of meaning
This is the second time I've heard this shit. It's like we're getting the Christian equivalent of neckbeards.
read the bible man, it's all there
on 4chan on the sabbath
Again. Christian neckbeardsthere is no god, man.read Dawkins, it's all there
Would you rather trust some autistic old racist or the word of God itself? seems pretty easy to me idk
yfw we start tipping fedoras exclusively at christians
Nothing went wrong. Do you remember the atmosphere in the very last bit? More tranquil, sentient and powerful simultaneously than I've ever had in my own life, even though I'm not a literary character and therefore I subconsciously do believe in some meaning.I wish life of mine and most of people around me went as ''wrong'' as in this novel.
Get your theology right. It's not even the word of god. This isn't the Quran.
Don't Mormons believe that the golden books in a hat out in the woods are the word of god? But why would a Mormon come to 4chan? For the memes?
How is it an incorrect interpretation?
Dawkins
It's exposition. No style. If you already comprehend life's absurduty as most of us non-christposters do then it's uninteresting exposition because there's no style. Nausea doesn't have exposition much and full on style; hence 10/10.
What went wrong? You read Camus, that's what.
yeah, camus CLEARLY wants you to kill people you dislike on a whim, and CLEARLY nothing went wrong when the guy got fuckin executed - meursalt is neither a hero nor a villain. i have no idea why you insist on painting characters in such black and white terms.
if you think the stranger is 'all exposition' then you clearly understand neither the absurd nor the stranger.
Go on. The trial, the tedious funeral processions, the lengthy discussion with the Police man or whatever he was again in that office about God, the.... Prove me wrong.
i mean, what's your point, that you think they're boring so therefore it's all exposition? i fail to see how that follows even a little bit.
I didn't. Camus' ambivalent take on this character is some common knowledge, it's just the point where the question is coming from - ''what went WRONG?'' - being kind of a wrong approach. If a character sympathizes with the author's philosophical beliefs, he obviously can't be objectively wrong in his doing.Point being: even if things went wrong, the idea of the story is that the proper attitude was carelessness about the execution and the cause of it.Now calm down.
It's boring because it's exposition. It's exposition because it eposition. Camus wanted to novelize "the stranger in society; the individual" and to novelize a concept is to flesh it out in the medium by exposition. Which is what it is. Ya dig?
You have committed suicide.My condolences.
you think the stranger is a character piece about meursalt?! i couldn't disagree more. the point is that meursalt's experiences and his perception of them are filtered through a veil of impassivity. the world is a stranger to him, but he embraces it in each and every moment.
Except the point is that he DOESN'T embrace it in each and every moment. So he gets killed by the state.
The trial demonstrates the major theme of isolation. We are all alone in our heads. This is shone by the fact that most of the witnesses claim to have known Mersault and they claim to know that he is not capable of murder. This shows that Mersault is not some freak who is disconnected from all other humans. All humans are already disconnected and they only pretend to understand the minds of their fellows.
How's that not exposition?
Well by your logic the whole of the brothers karamazov is also exposition. By your definition of exposition there is no part of any work that is not exposition.
There's always "style" which isn't. Which Camus didn't have much off.
I think you've already understood you don't like camus, but you have yet to understand why.
Wrong , you don't understand why. I don't like his lack of style, extravagance, boringness, muh feeling that he think what his writing about is revelatory Do you undrstanf now ?
where do you get that he doesn't embrace it in the moment that he kills the muslim? i think it's pretty clear that camus doesn't mean to endorse the shooting of the man, but i can't really agree with it being because meursalt doesn't embrace the absurd - it's because he embraces it with a sort of nihilism. the stranger is not a fable - it doesn't mean to idolize its protagonist. him getting killed by the state is pretty directly representative of why a nihilistic approach to the absurd isn't tenable.
thinking that disliking camus' style and camus not having style are the same thing
He writes like a 5th grader. Unless your keen on giving all 5th grader the benefit of the doubt of calling their lackluster writing a "style" then you have no leg room.
lol what the actual fuck? do you accuse hemingway of also having no style? russian realists? because just so you know, the absence of flowery language and vivid descriptions does not imply a lack of style. camus is PURPOSEFULLY leaving all such things out of his text, because he finds them inconsistent with his narrator's perspective.
You cannot try to be taken serious and say things like "he wrote like a 5thgrader". It's ridiculous. You're losing all credibility. Dislike the mann and his style all you like, but have the decency to admit it's just because you don't like him, and not because Camus has no skill, because that's wrong. The man could write.
Camus was trying to emulate Hemingway when he wrote the stranger. The scene where Mersault kills the Arab was actually very vivid."I knew I had shattered the harmony of the day, the exceptional silence of a beach where I'd been happy. Then I fired four more times at the motionless body where the bullets lodged without leaving a trace. And it was like knocking four quick times on the door of unhappiness.
You have misunderstood both authors
All I said was that Camus wrote a stylistically impressive passage and that he himself said that he was channeling the style of Hemingway. What did I misunderstand?
 that he himself said that he was channeling the style of HemingwayPlease provide precise reference
u hate him cuz u ain't him
not the guy who you responded to, but I think he's misreading sartre's essay on camus' book. Sartre basically says that Camus employs a quasi-American style in an effort to bring out the temporally-isolated nature of life. he doesn't say that camus has explicitly said that this is the case though.

daily reminder that literally all Camus bashing is done by fat neckbeard virgins that cant stand a playboy getting into the failure-at-life club that is philosophy.
Camus belongs in the failure-at-life club because he spent most of his life "philosophizing" instead of living :^
Tips for better reading and avoiding distraction ?
I also want to know. I can't concentrate for more than a few seconds and I often reread the same few sentences instead of just "flowing" with the text. I don't know if I'm OCD or what.
Smoke weed
read in a hyperbaric chamber
amphetamines
rub your balls with fingers and smell themdo it now
I read somewhere to pocture inside your head what's happening, works a few times but not constantly.
Drop your internet.\:
that's the purpose of reading. how gave you gone this far without knowing that
read in a language that people around you don't speak
Read 5 pages a day etc etc
Enjoy and have an interest in what you're reading. If you're just reading a philosophy book because /lit/ told you so, of course you're going to get distracted. Not saying that what /lit/ recommends is shit, but in terms of reading for the sake of your own enjoyment, you're preference matters above others.
filter your screen so that it displays only red.put some rain sounds on. google rain on youtubetype in fullscr, oh nevermind, you said reading. damn, i can't help you there, since clearly i'm not very good at it. i was so excited to reveal my techniques...
I became an avid reader etc etc
My advice to those whom are just beginning to read or are struggling with reading.I began reading a couple of years ago, however, it was on and off and I could never get through a book or I could never a new one. Now I read consistently every night before bed. Here are a couple of tips that helped me.1. Start slow but be consistent. It’s okay if it takes you longer to read but reading is a skill or a muscle just like anything else.a. I recommend reading a chapter of any James Patterson book every morning when you wake up or a book with short chapters.2. Read for time, or pages I recommend 40 minutes as your minimum reading time. When I read for time I feel less stressed. When I read for pages, it stresses me out because I began to count the pages. Lately I’ve been counting pages because it comes out to two hours, and I read for two hours. Roughly 30 pages Plus the morning chapter reading.3. Turn off the T.V., it’s less stimulating than a book.4. Talk to other readers find out what they can recommend you.5. Talk about the book you’re reading to anyone. If you find interesting I’m sure a friend, family member or a coworker will also.6. Read anything that interests you. Fiction, sifi, mystery, non-fiction. Pick something, there’s something out there for you.7. Reading is an invaluable tool.8. Read at a table, don’t read in your bed, or on the couch.9. Pick a book, and find the time.10. You can do it. Stick with it.
I had such a problem concentrating, if I ever wanted to buckle down and read, I had to resort to packing by book bag, walking 2 miles in 40 minutes to my library No car/bike lock reading there for like an hour or 2 and then walking 2 miles in 40 minutes back. TL;DR if I want to read I do an oregon trail and go on a 30 year trek in which my family dies and I remarry, get in a couple hours of reading, then turn around and walk back and die.
right postwrong pepe
Read at a table, don’t read in your bed, or on the couch.Can you please elaborate?
you'll fall asleep
Be interested in what you are reading, I used to have that problem, but then I just got interested in the books I read.
What universal traits found in American literature and in our writing do we see in ourselves and in our world today?
Are you confusing Modernism with contemporary literature? Modernism is almost always used to refer to the early 20th century, pre World War 2, especially the 20s and 30s.As for your question about "universal traits," that's a very bad way to put it. There are no universal traits to contemporary American literature, except maybe that its written in English or Spanish.
I'm referring to the latter as in early 20th century, with Faulkner, Steinbeck, and even Arthur Miller. And universal traits as in the existence of a tragic hero in Miller's Death of a Salesman and the resonating catharsis that the reader senses from such exposure to it's characters.
BUMPARINO
..and, where which to start?Was Googling related for Updike/Bellow/Vonnegut/Mailer/etc. for something new to read - he Cheever.. is about the only name thrown up I'm unfamiliar with. Prob. The Short Stories, but, are the novels any good, worth reading chronologically, etc?- recommends/advice or similar appreciated, thanks.Pic not esp. related
haven't read the novels, I've heard his short stories are extremely good and similar to Carver's though. I've only read two of them but I thought they were great
I've read Cheever's Collected Stories, and they're excellent.He has many uncollected stories as well. In the 80s, the Cheever estate went to court to stop a large volume of them being published, so a smaller volume named Thirteen Uncollected Stories re-released as Fall River and Other Uncollected Stories ended up getting published instead. I've got that one waiting to be read.As for the novels, I read Falconer but didn't like it as much as the stories. Cheever seems to be better at sprints rather than marathons. Still, I've got Bullet Park waiting to be read to see if that's any different.If you like Cheever's stories, try Richard Yates' collected stories as well, or his separate story volumes Eleven Kinds of Loneliness and Liars in Love. The Collected Stories adds a few more, but the ones from those two volumes are his best stories.
Haven't read him, but apparently his writing was the main influence for Mad Men, so if you liked the tone of that show you should give him a shot.I'll get around to him some day too.
look at any lit journal most of the contributors are women or minorities that have a million publishing credits to their namestfw I am none of those things and have never been publishedtfw I will toil in obscurity until the day I dieWhy is it so artificially hard to get a foothold in the literary world? It's not fair ;_;
did you even write anythingdid you even edit itdid you even submit it placesdid you even submit it to more placesdid you even keep tryingif not, quite your bitching
Try YA fictions and discrete memes, that's the ticket nowadays
did you even write anythingYes, a lot of short stories, microfiction, poetry, and I'm currently working on a novel. did you even edit itOf course.did you even submit it placesYes, why else would I be making this topic?did you even submit it to more placesYes, and I've been rejected every time ;_;did you even keep tryingHow long will I have to keep trying? It's getting harder and harder to validate my liberal arts degree without any publishing credits to my name. I don't care about money. I just want some affirmation.
did you even write anythingYes, a lot of short stories, microfiction, poetry, and I'm currently working on a novel. Stopped reading there. You're probably not good at any of these things because you don't invest yourself enough in one area.
post an excerpt of your work and we'll tell you if it's any goodalso there's some /lit/ lit journal that's accepting submissions somewhere....
Not him, and I agree with you, but there's an awful lot of advice out there saying you need shorter fiction publishing credits if you want to publish a novel. I've found that my voice in novel writing is so different from how I write shorter fiction that I don't think one contributes much to the other.
That's pretty dumb logic. It's not like I'm juggling eighteen unfinished short stories at once--I finish one thing, whether it be a 500 word piece of microfiction or a 5,000 word short story, and move onto the next thing. True, a novel is different from a short story which is different from microfiction and so on, but it's not like there's no crossover there. I don't see why you'd instantly jump to the assumption that I'm a bad writer just because I vary the length of my works to fit the subject matter.
spend hours and hours and hours a week studying philosophy, history, and literaturecoming up with cutting edge syntheses and readings of Arendt, Agamben, Foucault, Schmitt, Heidegger, Levinas, Heidegger, Gnostic theology, modern european literature, and US military theorystart outlining two main strands of thought in my project have no letters of rec from my BA, only an alright GPA, and generally made no impression while at uni At least the poet and novelist can always bank on some strange way through readers. Who the fuck is gonna read my shit?
What is the literary equivalent of visual-based films with little exposition or plot? I want to read something like an impressionistic dream, but not dreamlike in a sense of overt surrealism. Would Virginia Woolf fit?
conrad :^
John HawkesohnHawkes
Have you even seen Star Spangled To Death? If not you're not ready to join /lit/, as a transfer./tv/
poetry, duh
poetry
Andrei Memeovsky
MMMD
McCarthy does this very well in his earlier books
my favorite kind of thread are these /tv/ plebs who think they are patricians for watching grass grow trying desperately to find one way or another into literature asking for books like this or that movie as if the two mediums are anything alike
Blood Memeidian /leddit/
what's wrong with wanting to experience similar things from different mediums?
it doesn't work that wayyou're just going to have to trust me on that, kid
Makes sense. Any recommendations?
Blood Meridiannot in 4th place of /lit/ canon behind the meme trilogyLearn board culture
blood meridian is as /lit/ as the strangerits discussed to death because its the only thing edgy and easy enough for crossposters to read
It's just a more accessible version of this really.
Try Kawabatta.
blood meridianeasysure bud, everyone out there who's never read any serious books just has a breeze with blood meridian.
ProustTarkovsky loved him.
This.Read some Imagist poets duh: H.D.; early Ezra PoundEliot's Four Quartets are pretty abstract and work with some loose associative principles.Early John Ashbery is grounded in loosely connected, euphemistic and cryptic undertones.Robert Duncan, Charles Olson, George Oppen, Lorine Niedecker are also poets I'd recommend in this regard.
Virginia Woolf would not help; highly imagistic, but the flow is not seamless like a dream, you must reread passages sometimes many times over which disrupts the flow. I would say read Kafka
You're an idiot
I've read Kafka but he's not what I'm looking for.Thanks I'll check out some of these
It's not particularly hard once you get past the spanish geographic terminology
I'd add in most avant-garde poetry of the twentieth century tbh. Try out these three volumes:
Max Blecher tends to go that way.If you can find some translation, or read portuguese, Murilo Rubião is quite nice.
Paul auster then. Also maybe Kobo Abe
what is the meme trilogy? i'm new here
ules's, pinecone rainbow, and long joke
I forgot one of my own favorites Adrienne RichThis poem in particular displays attention to jumps that keep a thread of connection between each other but also contribute to thematic movements and impressions. 
Those are totally not what op is asking for
Tell me how Woman in the Dunes is not like an eerie tone poem
This. Proust is beautiful, if you don't have the time download the audiobook, the narrator's voice is orgasmic and it's generally extremely well put together and dreamy.
I've been long aware of ISOLT but figure it's a lot more obtuse and expositional than what I'm looking for and probably a real challenging read. How does it read like? I haven't read a lot of classic literature but I kind of imagine a very long Dostoyevsky. Am I wrong? Is it more impressionistic? Are there a whole lot of names to remember? I imagine there must be
In Search of Lost Time, BBC radio 4 by Michael Butt for the audiobook
I don't like audiobooks.
Nothing like Dostoyevsky, it's more like a retelling of a meandering series of dreams and mostly an aesthetic experience. I don't find it challenging but the audiobook might work better, it's a dramatisation. There aren't many relevant names and they're repeated a lot, mixed with things like the countess, Swan's daughter for reference. I assure you, Proust does not lack perception or intellect although what you're looking for might, what a strange choice of words.
In Search of Lost Time definitely fits.Also, The Alexandria Quartet by Lawrence Durrell.
 ctrl+f no critique threads for prosePost one, critique one
critique, especially for the second half.
I don't usually do scifi, but here you go. For a short story contest on a forum, two chemists married discover a compound that transforms them. Pretty standard crackerjack stuff
The city had been aimed, and on the bus ride home I'd only felt I were in a series of photographs. Worse, I was taking them--every hour was only Moriyama or Winogrand to me. And suddenly my outstretched leg became a most evocative gesture, taking up the evening frame of the interior.
some punctuation problems, can easily be fixed up.You have a good sense of stylization, but don't have me reading a picture book. I just recommend more experience on outside, to better fill in your descriptions. There are characters in what your trying to describe, but they're filled in by a derivative vernacular.
I've read this before, figuratively. I feel like every paragraph is a shot in a film, but they never dissolve into the elements of a scene.It feels like an intimate scene. Measure it. Not so much purple. Let the reader fill in.
You two. Somebody. Critique my short passage.I always get skipped in these threads.
EntertainmentSilence and inaction are insufferable. I cannot, just cannot waste away unentertained. Every passing second, accumulating to every atrocious minute is torment. Self-reflection and introspection have become so hostile, so foreign to me. My own thoughts are poison. Feasting on any of my self/ill-conceived diarrhea makes me vomit. Pre-packaged and readily-assembled thoughts is all I can process to circumvent my mind’s toxic outputs. Namely doubt, existential fear and what the fuck am I pining away in the name of what the fuck. Hush, soothe and calm the infected rebellious fear factory with some more Big Bang Theory. Let me forget.
It's abysmal, because you combine highbrow name-dropping with what reads like a zero-effort thread contribution. I assume you think 'suddenly my outstretched...' etc qualifies as some sort of payoff or piece of eloquent description, but it doesn't. Think about what you find entertaining and readable and try and give us that.
Feasting on your diarrhea makes me vomit, too, glad we figured this out
like in a fragmented way or incoherent way?tell me what you think of this passage then. It precedes the dream and them waking up.I will after I finish with the bus story guy
Give me a break. What it mean to be "elegant"? There's no ornamentation in a two-sentence work. Nor a payoff, for that matter. Give it another go.
forgot image
Sorry bud, squeaky wheel gets the unvarnished feedback. I feel for u
good pacing, seems like the set-up for what's going to be a bad trip, if this goes how it generally goes for other compounds.you name a lot of places, so I have to wonder if it matters or not where the characters actually are.would read more.
Oh, I didn't notice so much. I count it as a critique. Wish I didn't have to settle for blue balls because the ass isn't on display.
It doesn't have to be much, but put this man somewhere. Reads more like a diary entry. I want to see him doing something.
I can see the line it runs on. Too much of an effort to hit the beats.I'll read the other passage now.
Think of it this way. The audience *knows* this scene. It's a trope. Give it new life. Don't plot it.
you misspelled will a lot
When I was a young man, I ate a rotted tomato on a dare. The stink was enough to drive away the bright-minded, but the need and desire to be cool worsened and to be seen as an object of value to the group, to brand myself as a ‘wild card’ in hopes of inspiring camaraderie I was beyond reconciliation.I bit into its tawny and leathery flesh, and its taste sank into my tongue.In horror, my body attempted to reject its newfound meal, lurching forth from the deepest hold of my bowels. In a true display of courage, I kept it down. The first bite anyway.After making a great show of the depravity of my most recently perpetrated act, I looked to my companions for their reaction. Did I expect them to hoist me up, upon their shoulders, and parade about as a golden idol of willingness and gnarlyness? I am unsure. Though I know what they did do.I was exposed to rejection, a sickening, howling and shrill laugh at my self-imposed suffering.There was no benefit to my destructive behavior. Was this to be my lot? To subject myself to mindless and fruitless tortures for the amusement of my captors, my friends? These rhetoricals brought me no solace. They simply brought to mind the baseless and idiotic existence to which I had cemented myself.I was alone, and surrounded on all sides.2 or 3 years old. Thanks.
"said Atila.""She went downstairs behind him, feeling lightheaded"passive voice
You have an intuitive grasp of pacing, but you could trim the odd word or phrase. Will make it seem less "written" in this confessional-type work.
Whatever.The possum's sore hurt more and more, at every step of the way, from the chicken's place to the willow tree."Hew reach tree? Hew reach tree?"Possum's sounds echo in his mind, voices heard long ago, of young kids playing joyly. But stumpters youngsters and terries keepers keep the path, then free to come as go as pleased, deathly for those who crossed it at this hour past noon. *Possum's plan: Round the house swim the river walk the hill**Possum's plan: Down the hill cross walk path thust thick thickets hit the tree*Bleeding badly! Walking fast possum's rounded farmer's house, then swimming slowly for couldn't fast, cross the lake's short way from shore to shore leaving blood trails all the way. Stepping fastly through the hill the walk path was nearby, but reaching it was fatal, a tandem rushed him over. Bleeding dripping from his body and air getting dense and rough, once rider picked him up and hold him for a while."Don't touch it!" said the woman way behind"Throw it in a bush, it's just a filthy rodent!"And so he did with so much disgust, that he flew to hit his tree.
She looks like a former flower child who cut her hair short and now makes decent money working a real job. She dresses thrifty-chic. Her handbag looks to be handmade, possibly recycled denim. I know from seeing her often that she frequents a popular, upper-middle-class type bar on this route, which tells me a lot. She’d probably like you to know her recycled bag saved a lot of child laborers’ fingers. Likes to dress like money isn’t a big deal for her, but likes to drink with guys who wear cowboy hats and own small businesses.This passage is a little much, but apart from that I loved it. You're a great writer, keep it up.
it's intentional, to differentiate from the Will that's short for William, to make the characters seem like "normal" people but also to give the story a slight cast towards a timeless, placeless scifi future setting
i would read all of this
Here's a song I wrote for my new mixtape coming out in septemeber. Be sure to get a copy fo ya boi. That shit is fire.I'm the lyrical spiritual miracle spherical clerical individual!
hey its me  againi dont know why i like this so much but i really like it. im sad that the possum presumably died though. it is strange in a non-edgy non-faggy way
What's with the recent surge in FF posting? Is that all you, nigga
you should just call him billwil is obstructively obnoxious I couldn't get passed it
Pleasant passage. Reminds me of what I'd read in elementary school. The broken English is a little here and there for me, but I was really just bothered by "How reach tree? How reach tree?".
worthy of the worst of /lit/ pastebin
Bleeding badly!made me lol. the simple language works with this bit and successfully adds to it, for me.
When he pulled the tabbed lever to open the beer, a deluge of suds spilled over his hands and onto his light-grey pants, causing him to curse. "Fucking waitress must've been jerking my beer off in the back or something. Doesn't she know how to tap a can, equalize pressure, not be a a totally incompetent cunt." Gregor, sitting to the right, simply looked down at the negligible mess, saying nothing as Devon used napkins to dry himself off. The two sat starved for words as the remainder of the crowd percolated in, filling open seats like a game of musical chairs. Slightly damp as any basement is naturally expected to be, and just as dim, the room took a deep breath in as the buzz of the settling crowd reached a subtle, momentary peak before rapidly dying down to make sonic space for the upcoming performers. Eyes fixated on the adequate though paltry stage, elevated only a baby's shin up from the floor, the night's emcee grabbed hold of the mic as well as the audience's welcoming attention. Routinely, she addressed various crowd-members by their appearances, highlighting and amplifying first impressions like a fun-house mirror, exclaiming to one man: "Hey, this guy's wearing an Everlast t-shirt, I wouldn't wanna fuck with him. Tell me sir, you look like someone who does something with goggles, please tell me you scuba dive or ski." Participatory laughter and "ski," followed by another friendly barrage of comical assumptions, observational guesswork. Then, after a successful intermingling with the super-organismic crowd, she vibrantly introduced the night's 'promising' line-up, snappily like an auctioneer, eager like a Christmas Eve kiddo. "Finally," mutters Devon, with a traveling glance from his watch towards Gregor's marble encased eyeballs. Naturally taciturn, strangely vocal, Gregor reciprocated his friend's gesture with no more than a singular nod of the noggin. The show was about to begin.
No need to use words like "light-grey". Too technical. Indent the dialogue. Reads like run-on.The second, large paragraph is best paced.
i'm not sure why i like this, but i do
It's shit. You write like you are paid by the word and not trying to tell your story as effectively as possible.For example:When he pulled the tabbed lever to open the beer, a deluge of suds spilled over his hands and onto his light-grey pants, causing him to curse.You could say twice as much in half the words with greater impact, especially if you want to show that Devon was making a big deal out of nothing.As an exercise, try writing this same scene three or four different ways and see if you can tell the difference between them. The voice and habits you are using now are bad, inexperienced, and seem completely without purpose. Until you learn how to write thoughtfully and deliberately it's a waste of time critique your writing, you are basically asking other people to proofread and they will be proofreading bullshit. Same goes for pretty much all the rest of you. These threads are worse than the fanfiction posted on DA.
Hey, thanks guys. Much appreciated
thank you
Nobody's going to critique this because you've provided nothing to critique. Give us more than three sentences. And make sure the sentences are actually worth reading next time.And drop the entitlement. Earn feedback by offering something worthy of it.
samefag
I know it's supposed to solely be a prose thread, so I hope it's okay if I share a poem too. Juggling chainsaws, chewing on razor blades,my something-or-other is a feral pet snake eating Chihuahuas in the Florida everglades. The damp rot in the woodwork, submerged in the lake,the torrential rains keep the lifeguards occupiedwhile they're not busy smoking pot in the alley;or complaining about the neighborhood, un-gentrified. The sloths at the zoo, truants like Kirstie Alley,accrue green, and metabolize the air without care,accrue green, and metabolize the air without care.
I like her feet
Of course I did. If I can read about Lydia Davis on bookforum, then I've provided something to critique. "And make sure the sentences are actually worth readin next time." Yes, this is a critique. Doesn't say anything, though.Regards entitlement, I was calling out the troll. You may not recognize him as such. I don't care, this is 4chan anyways. I haven't asked for critique beyond one post. And certainly it's frustrating because this happens often. But these are all my posts:Where else have I obligated anyone? I enjoy critique.
Very good imagery but I think your first line is too abstract or metaphorical for the rest of the poem. It might have a better place later after in the poem after establishing what the fuck you're talking about.Maybe it was the seed for your poem but opening with it really weakens the whole thing. Otherwise I liked it.
I might change it back to Will if that spelling is annoying. Does anyone find it obstructive? This took a long time. Worth it though. I'm not a fan of how most people in critique threads either post something short and meaningless they're never going to finish for replies and other people who just shitpost tiny quibbles and lazy critiques see above Probably the only piece here worth the time other than mine of course-heh.It's good and shows promise of ability; clever. On its own is mundane and unfortunately not clever enough to justify that like Tao Lin or anyone else who does bleak mundaneIf you applied your writing toward fiction, or made it more rigorous and made it nonfiction, I think there'd be a lot of promisedo you have a place where you keep your writing?
fuck me, forgot image again
How does one get good at writing? I'm primarily a drawfag myself and in art there are certain fundamental concepts that need to be adhered to, perspective, basic forms, etc., and I can only assume that writing shares this principle of fundamentals.Pretty much any art does for that matter whether it be judo or cooking. But how do you go about learning? With drawing, an important aspect is studying other artists, like old masters for example. I imagine this equates to reading a lot of books by very good writers, so that much I understand, but is there a book/resource on 'writing fundamentals'. I want to get into writing but I don't want to end up like most people in these kind of threads.Pls help.
Might do you well to read on aesthetics, or continental philosophy they write often on fictional writers or poets. Badiou, Deleuze, Baudrillard, etc. Also, kill your babies.
Every scene through them becomes a glint on the morning. Children only know the theatre from living room windows. On the podium: is there any other word that becomes the fact for the day? I pass the news on the way to kitchen....the sport is doubtful. Something about a crisis in Ukraine:"France says it will not provide weapons for the moment, saying it prefers to focus on encouraging dialogue. The United States, which is still to decide on further help, is consulting European leaders."The milk is on the counter. Back in the living room, I find the politicians narrating to me. I've never trusted a type.
Alright dude. let's see. I like "the city had been aimed," Shakespeare has a lot of "unstressed x number of iambics stressed" lines; they feel "right" rhythmically. "were" should be placed with "was""and on the bus ride home" has no connection semantically with what precedes it, unless you meant "aimed for". I understand why you might purposefully not added "for", but when you do that it loses coherence. "only" is awkward, meaningless first of all unless you really mean something like "I felt like my the entire bus ride was only a series of photographs. The grammatical ambiguity might be interesting sounding but feels contrived. Other things I think you added to just be cool:"And" instead of "but""of the interior"not adding "a" to the referencesHere's what I would write if I rewrote this:"The city had been aimed for and the bus ride home was only a series of photographs. Worse, I was taking them--every hour was only a Moriyama or a Winogrand. But suddenly then my outstretched leg in the evening frame became a most evocative gesture."You're trying to write a third-person, detached observatory thing on how meaningless everything is while you're fucked up, except aesthetically, which yes we've all seen it before, it's great you can be ironic and not have to say anything interesting. I don't agree that this is shit like some people are saying, but I can tell you're trying to substitute style for substance in this.
The fundamentals of art are not at all dissimilar to the fundamentals of writing, or any other art, which is first the ability to effectively communicate.When you are learning how to draw the most important thing to develop first is your hand-eye coordination, in other words having enough control of your hand to literally translate onto paper what you see with your eyes. This is most effectively practiced with exercises like gesture or still life drawing, copying from old masters will only exhaust your expectations and you will likely pick up some bad habits. Similarly, with writing the first thing you need to be able to do is communicate effectively to your reader without flourish, to get them to see exactly what you do as you are writing. As an exercise you could keep a diary or write for a small paper.Only after you have a basic, consistent, effective voice and a technical understanding of language should you start trying to emulate 'old masters'. Read difficult literature often but if you imitate their style before you are able to understand exactly what makes them difficult and why, copying will be more of a detriment than ignoring them entirely. You will develop regretful, transparent habits like the people in these threads.
I know this is the person from before. Let me leave that alone. But anyways, it's a critique. I'm glad. Won't "varnish" it.I just have to comment on your rewrite, in order to explain my motivation better:"The city had been aimed for and the bus ride home was only a series of photographs. Worse, I was taking them--every hour was only a Moriyama or a Winogrand. But suddenly then my outstretched leg in the evening frame became a most evocative gesture."You're trying to write a third-person, detached observatory thing on how meaningless everything is while you're fucked up, except aesthetically, which yes we've all seen it before, it's great you can be ironic and not have to say anything interesting. I don't agree that this is shit like some people are saying, but I can tell you're trying to substitute style for substance in this.I didn't mean to write about the meaningless of things. I wanted to write about how we define the places we visit with the media we associate with it. It was based on a personal experience with NYC. I wrote about Moriyama and Winogrand because they often simulate human vision in their works. So that in the final sentence, even ordinary experience becomes associated with its simulacrum. Sure, convoluted. But, it's an experiment.
every art has fundamental concepts, and every art is also learned best through experience. My personal opinion is that it doesn't matter what you write, as long as you do it, which is the same way I feel about music and painting. however, the comparison makes me realize that imitating old masters in books is probably not a great idea in writing specifically. It's bad in art too--if you spend too much time imitating you don't get a grasp on your own stuff--but it's deadly in writing. Nobody at all wants to read your imitation of dickens if you aren't dickens, or your approximation of Tao Lin if you aren't him.But if you want the writing equivalent of the conventional learning for art where you learn anatomy, observation, landscape then perspective, then colors, etc. I would recommend doing these things for as long as you can, instead of and even if you think you can write a piece:-put down any conscious thought you have that seems interesting. Thoughts about a show, or how something you see looks, or an entire experience, but also simple lines that you think sound catchy.-watch TV or movies or read a book doesn't matter which and write down what sounds "good" and try to figure out what makes it interesting.-do the above and memorize the plot points, then write them down don't do this until after you've read/watched-practice memorizing conversations you have or hear, and write them when you have the opportunity.you'll start having ideas, dialogue, descriptions, and plots. Build this up and start combining them or riffing off them when you're ready to really sweat over something like it's an oil painting that would be expensive to fuck up.
just notebooks and MS Word. this is one of a few bus-related sketches that I have, trying to make it grow into a book of short stories or novel. I almost know what I want it to say, but haven't figured it out yet. thank you for your thoughtful critique.as far as the spelling of Will/Wil in your story, I didn't find it distracting. when I read sci-fi I expect weird names, and simple-weird is much better than nonsense-weird. I don't like when I can imagine the writer struggling over a unique name, saying gibberish over and over in his head until he finds the right gibberish.
We stand upon the clouds at the doorway to some indiscriminate afterlife, white light from the mouth of infinity permeates the solid and un-solid membrane of mystical dew lain beneath our feet, suspending us in some unknown fashion. As we march forward towards the, for lack of a better word, heavenly, gates, we see a man dressed in all white, a suit that in Earth currency would have cost a considerable amount of money, his movements are graceful and there's an enigmatic-but-kind look on his soft and clean-shaven face."Welcome." He says.I had not tried to speak yet, in bewilderment of the place and as I did try I found myself unable. Frustration eclipsed my being as I forced words that would not come out of a mouth I wasn't sure really existed. Finally, I set aside the challenge and approached the man, I nodded to him, and he stood aside as if granting me access to the mouth of infinity.
This is pretty good, I like it. It feels, if a bit generic, at least genuine. What is, a positive at least. The rapid, unresolved change of perspective kinetically charges the piece, and I felt drawn in quite cinematically, but in a subtle, dogma 95 kind of way. What this means is, I felt that the dialogue willingly goes into honesty and mimesis while being firmly aware of its being a dialogue, which is something I enjoy reading. The fiction in the fiction is also quite compelling, in its barebones semplicity and pregress meaning towards the future of the story. I'd say Heidegerrian, but I've been pretentious enough already. Sorry, is sleepy.A non-fictiony essay of mine. A stupid thing, but I haven't got much to show. It was this, or vampires or people wanking about.
Upon arriving in Trafalgar, Dora found herself bewildered by the bustle of the hundreds of thousands and millions of people zig-zagging about one another on seemingly infinite invisible rails, each person looking for a moment as if they were to crash into the next before jarring in one direction or another as if a switch had been thrown at the last second to avoid a fatal collision killing hundreds.There were swarms of birds neatly arranged overhead in shapes that resembled nothing, save for the tight bombing pattern of a military fleet. She was never one for ornithology. They could be starlings.Dora remembered her reason for coming to Trafalgar amidst the chaos and made her way to the Grand, perhaps Mr.Rite could shine some light on the puzzle which lay before her, or lay before them both rather, its annals of intrigue slowly dragging Dora beneath the tides of paranoia and mistrust.She arrived at the room. Apparently he was something of a regular tenant as there stood a plaque on the wall "Detective Inspector Thomas Rite". She knocked but there was no answer, trying the handle she noticed the door was not locked and stepped inside. There lay Mr. Thomas Rite born 1978, Michigan, US, laying headless as if some large sharp object had cascaded down upon his neck cutting cleanly through it.He lay with his hand upon his cock and there was semen all over his chest. He was nude. She searched the room, but there was no head to be found, and all of his personal belongings were missing, save for his Michigan PI license. Written in blood on the en-suite's mirror were two words. It. Goes.
What person from before? define the places we visit with the media we associate with itAlright, well I figured it was personal, most stuff here is since it's more clear how to tone it. The words "only" twice and "worse" imply that the ride being a series of photograph is a negative thing, and that the ride is "only" photographs instead a full experience of life. What that makes me ask, is what are you trying to guide this to? If you don't think that is "existential" or "bleak" in the way many /lit users I would imagine feel about life and thus project onto their tastes the boards' general enjoyment of Tao Lin/postmodernism and writing .  even ordinary experience becomes associated with its simulacrumunless you have a different definition for "simulacrum" then I don't think that means anything.
Read more. Read as much as you can. Read the classics, read contemporary fiction, read histories and biographies, read the newspaper, read philosophy, etc. Start with the Greeks. The /lit/ starter kit is fine too.Also write. Start a blog and write extensively on something that interests you. Begin writing a short story and send it in to some journal you like, or poetry. Work on your writing everyday.
badundeclared pronouns, no easing into suspension of disbelief, no reason to care about anything going onboring first person voicenothing happensclichedid you read this over before posting it?
Nothing I ever post in these threads is part of an actual piece of fiction I'm writing, I was thinking about the phrase "White light from the mouth of infinity" and quickly typed that up.
I was thinking I don't believe you
The city lights organized a tryst with the darkbetween the funeral home and church-tower clock,reading: "Night Cometh." Forbidden, the couple swallowed Adam's apple,lodged throat-wise, born a suffocating goiter.And the gold loitered, gone fishin', back in the March,carried by a pack of disoriented lemmings and teeth.So solemnity turned to cheeriness, the chattering ceased,waiting for a package delivery, expedited but late,forcing one, or two, to ask:How can the mosquitoes hold their tongues?while sweat and tears leave blood hanging up to dry?How can we ask the gentleman on his high-horsehow to file for a visa, and leave this sideways country?How can I ask you exactly what I need ask you?You can't, he said in my sleep, nodding like a sculpture,you just have to wait for the shores to mergeand for dusk to dissipate, like your aching tooth.And so I leapt up out of bed,and sling-shotted into space with a gun in hand,dithering, pilfering time, scraping the ceiling,waiting for shortening, for a full filling slice of pie,waiting nonetheless...shiiieeeeet.
shh.
Thanks guys.
Well, as a writer I feel my first obligation is to perform under my aesthetic standards. What I consider as integrating into the work is secondary to that. It is up to the reader if he feels the work is bleak. I feel naive to that.It is influenced by Baudrillard And his ideas on simulacrum but I don't take his nihilist stance, on a personal level.
Epic joke, how did you come up with that?
I didn't believe he was thinking then I typed it
A non-moose conjured up five nines––we're talking glocks, you should know––and fired a fat expletive to the sky like"shiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet."
He? You mean me. Can you not keep track of a singular discourse?
Enough with all this gay poetry it's time for prose.Wet brown shit ran down his leg and followed a thin path a short way down the street. He was facing downhill and followed where it might go with his eyes, finding an unfamiliar car parked on the side of the road close to where he was standing. He was old enough to feel sorry for the owner. His name was Charlie.Charlie was peeing as well and his pants were in a horrible state. On a weekday afternoon the street was still very quiet and on the condition that Charlie not leave the block his mother let him play outside on his own. Alone in the middle of street Charlie didn't know to hide what was happening but there was an unplacable sense of guilt toward his mother that made him uneasy. Finishing his business and surprised at how short of the car his little stream swam he walked back home and walked into the foyer to the surprised gasp and laughter of his mother. The shit on his leg had dried on the way but it certainly did not stink any less. His plain young face held a serious expression and asked if he could a snack.
it's hard to assume that any one idiot is the same as another on an anonymous imageboard
Boring. Not bad in terms of writing, but plot-wise, boring.
Did you get any of the jokes?
My friend asked me to write a concept album intro a la B.I.G.'s Ready to Die. I told him I don't want to offend him and know I will. He asks again, I do it, and he gets offended . I mean what the hell am I supposed to do? I can't deny it was "fun" though, writing something superficial Tony has deep sterotypical black male voice and Bobby a stereotypical white male voice.
Felt it at about the hour. That horrible taste, it was like licking nuclear spillage. The whole jaw is at the dentist. Their legs are starting to shake a bit from all the walking. “Batt”, he calls out. His nose runny from allergies. It was wet and hot in Gamboa. “What?” He heard behind him. It was a confused voice. “Mark, what?” came right after, from a jittery throat. Turns around to find him falling back behind. He watches enchanted at the trees, like a baby to a toy or an animal to the headlights. Upon further observation he is not so far from him. It just seems that way. Cont.?
I just didn't find it funny.
Don't continue, it's not even worth explaining why it's bad. Move on. Start something new.
Nobody ever does. Nobody gets me.
Arm fold.Bed shift.Bone feels like its melting.Off.Repeat."Why do we do this to ourselves?" she asked.Arm fold.Bed creek.It won't boil.Why is it so cold?Fire. Vein.Bone marrow soup.I face her, asleep."Because people like to ache"."Because people need to ache." Skin on the ground.Nothing to be done.
watch out guys the illuminates here
very mc ride
SPREADEAGLED ACROSS THE THREAD
auditioning to be on next year's Totalitarinism in a Tundra: Star Search Sweepstakespls and arigatou
I don't read anything that opens with dialogue sorry
pls... Do you know how many dicks I had to suck to get this on here?
fuck off idiot I have principles you know
I'll take it as a compliment.
Opening line of my new novel:It was all a meme.
Anyone?
is this first person or over familiar third person? either way it's shitalso shit
Nah.It was all a spook.
Someone needs to stick a dick in you.
How about: I awoke from a meme. Or: Life is but a meme.
please respond
I'm not entirely sure what youre going for with this bit, but it doesn't come off as particularly funny, gripping, or especially well-written. The subject matter is crude, yet not detailed or vivid enough to evoke any real guttural reactions. There aren't any truly awful portions, though not any legitimately good ones either. That all being said, my main word of advice to you would be to tighten your wording, make it more concise and eliminate any superfluous information. For instance, "and on the condition that Charlie not leave the block his mother let him play outside on his own" could be said in fewer words and in a much less awkward way. Anyway, just play around with it.
thanks for responding
Incandescent Bulbs Emerge from the Field of Madness, Just Outside of Detergent, OHThe listless list reasons for tying strings around their hands, down to the nine pits of Hell, the wire, where Pol Pot's Posserun a vaudeville show on Wednesday's, anda trapeze act manned by Greg––the crowdis less vituperative than you and I were nevermeant to be together might expect. "Expectmight," bellows World's Strongman 2012 runner-up in his nursing home bathroom. ButI leave the boats at bay, for no 'ifs,' 'ands,' or 'buts' could smuggle it through customs,meaning the pugnacious Irishmen downing Guinness in McO'Deasmhumhain's Pub, moisteningtheir potatoes with aloe vera, and comparingeverything to their Mima's bangers and mash,probably lack 401k's, but not red-lashed shiners.Beside the point geometrically, the metric,not for Tetris but flying buttresses' little sisters,the horizontal building stilts for cinematic stunts,is the number of Jackie Chan skin flakesthat don't lack rancid cancer, the kung-fu-mancer.Distributed, languidly spread like creamed cheese on a deep-fried Senegalese rye-flour beignet made by a blind woman's dead daughter,a king's yawn can only echo in a warehouse,overstocked principally with surgical supplies,of which forceps make ups 86%, like me.Though the legend ends not there, but nowherebut the minds of those but long forgotten bythose who forget not, not unlike our second-cousinsthe elephant, no. The end arrives like an obese telegram delivery man or woman, barreling house-ways,rhinoesque, ready to pounce on commission-less duty, unbeknownst to the world and its termites;it arrives, leg-and-armageddon, the day of wrecked awnings, rainless sunshine, molecular Tourettes. And when that day comes harder than Ron Jeremy on yohimbe,it will be I, the protagonist in perpetual soliloquy inside your mind's storage container, fat head,who materializes a gavel out of rubble to slam it upon the shoddy, stodgy constitutionsof red hued, passion-fruitless, and inconveniently fuckablearcological resting places of Homo sapiens andthe psychical manifestations drawn out oftheir extensions, media for an afterlife in whichvoyeurism is the only viable option for participationfor the neverlasting eternity of the sole's owner:the human soul, the opus of mummified biologically encased ideals that take wet concrete to construct the ephemera of beauty looking at you first apartment and all that is or by virtue of Russell's paradox or is not,abstract.
As limbs that lithe began to preen and spreadWith Grecian grace, unfolding me to you,Arrest without a sign, turn stony dead,With iron pace I labor into bedThe old and rusted chain of hoary steel That sputters in my chest begins to creakIn dusky beats it measures what I feel, A heavy ballast sinking through a keelElectric waves that crest within the mindAre equalized to lap a lonely thought,A mad recursion, sparking blue with times When hope had swelled unto a bursting rind
Opening paragraph of a short story involving Cain and Abel of biblical fame:The fire rises. Father yells the preamble to the sacrifice as Mother chokes down intermittent tears. Sister Zinniah is off to Mother’s left, drooling whilst tilting her head back and forth, the insufferable cunt that she is. My sister, Awan is to my right, holding my hand, her long black hair illuminated by the flames as her thin frame reels from the sudden burst of heat brought forth from fresh kindling. She’s quiet. The only other voice that's audible is Brother Abel’s, as he and Father shout in unison to the stars.
sacrificeThat sounds extremely painful.
well meme'd friend
Now's not the time for butthurt, that comes later.
I have a prose poem. I'm about to start working on a more ambitious and experimental, potentially running/revolving idea.The black trees are frenzied and aflitter. They beg and plead and vivisect themselves for the darkened firmament, and a piercing florescent bulb claws its way into my vision. The fronds and limbs cannot shoulder anymore; they scream. As the first drop appears on my eyelid, the pitiful things fade to an olive green. Good babies, see? You can take more and it will go slow.The rain does grow, the trees' burden mounts, the earth is fed and my open mouth gulps. I've go to change, I cry, I know this and need it now. And somewhere in the crashing swamps she's ready for me, with guts of Spanish moss and bones of balded cypress. Her mood is hadopelagic just like my skies and she sprints to me.When she gets here we will be lovers and above all I'll love her. She throws me into a storm window and if my throat isn't too ravaged I'll be happy. Wild boars will walk on me and she watches. Our home will be joyous and military and Catholic. She makes the ground full, the ancient pines suffer, my eyes close. The storm fosters a furious writhing blanket across the ground and bends all below it. This is the change I need, but first she must come. I'm inside once more. The trees stand still and I am bathed in lightning flashes and the digital light of screens. I am impatient.
hi. erm...never comfortable reviewing others but here goes:I like a bit of stream-of-consciousness and this is certainly that. I'm just not sure where its home is or who its neighbours are. You can clearly write but this piece isn't you doing that. The clended cultural references seem awkward and kinda teenaged poet, like a clever white kid rapping.But to be fair, I don't like anything that includes the words 'pugnacious' or 'vituperative'. I am very confident that amongst bookish girls this will definitely get you laid a lot though.and here's my chapter:review..
What's the general opinion on applying Blake Snyder's "Save the Cat!" to fiction? I'm about halfway through and seeing how it could be used as an outline for writing quick, self-published genre trash, as recommended by that one guide I lost the link too. Thoughts?I already know I'm soulless.
not read it but my general view is that writers read about writing to delay having to write whilst still appearing to themselves to be engaged in forward momentum.
I thought that was pretty good. It's not really my thing but you know what you're going for & I think you achieve it. You've found the tone/voice you;re after and it feels like it's really yours - there's an evenness of tone which is always hard to get I find and the imagery is strong except crashing swamps perhaps - must be a better option.nice work.
*ahem* I've reviewed 2 now, but I forgot to say the second one was me reviewing.please rate/slate/bate/hate:
“Gentlemen, good morning. Roscoe, unless you want me to hook your screen up to theprojector again, I suggest you turn that goddamn phone off. Now, a question that I have asked myself several times over the years is this: how do we select senior executives at PiccoloIndustries? I always arrive at the same answer: very, very badly. Assembled in this room, myself and to some extent Sal excluded, is one of the least talented groups of people outside ofCalifornia. If any one of you, right now, in a depressingly rare moment of informed inspiration, finally grew a pair of balls and crammed a grenade up his educationally-subnormal ass, taking thewhole sorry bunch of you with him to whatever squalid misery hole the Devil reserves for fatsuburban degenerates who die in such a manner having squandered every undeservedopportunity life has, presumably as part of some grand cosmic prank beyond mycomprehension, presented to them, our share price would double instantly and I could finallyafford to pay off that lousy Arab fuck who says I felt up his retard daughter at that UnsungHeroes Awards fiasco. As if, Jesus! And we’d be able to hire a brand new management teamwithout going through the whole fuck-knows-why-so prohibitively expensive process of firing you hopeless pricks. A new team full of energy and ideas, a bunch of whip-smart Yale chicks withtits like the Hindenburg – before it crashed, obviously, a team that could finally show thoseslant-eyed little fucks at Imperial Jap Metric that Piccolo Industries is still able to kick their yellow asses all the way back to Naga-fucking-saki. No offence, Nakamura.” “None taken sir.” 
oops apols for formatting wonks.
Bump
Random entry I just improvised for my blog. Comments of any kind are appreciatedI was standing in the corner of the room, watching everybody dance in the center of the room. While I watched her, I was unable to hear the loud music and instead, a soft whistle of silence was all I could hear. I couldn't get involved with her, and hardly could I even talk to her while you're still here. Shortly after, you stopped dancing with her. The song was not over, everyone was still dancing when you left.You sat. Alone.She went outside to smoke and never came back. She knew what I wanted, she knew my plan and intentions to ask about it, and she knew as well that you would not answer. He did as expected indeed, and stayed silent without muttering a word."It's not your problem" he said.And he said no more, while looking everyone else dance. He knew well about their problem and the unbreakable impasse they encountered, but he did not care. He didn't want her to become involved with anyone else, especially if that one is one he knew. And he tried to shake off the matter, pretending to play with the hoster's dog while talking about dog related-matters. The dog seemed happy to receive attention, it was not clear which was its race but it was one of a friendly kind as we could see. It was patted in the head by all of us in the party, but for us two it was a matter of avoiding a subject which only one of us wanted to talk about.At the end we didn't talk about it, despite of how much we knew we had to. Maybe neither of us really wanted to touch the subject, and as such it wasn't for us more than a vague mist that tied our small talk. Everyone in the party was aware of this fact, and nowadays, we look back and remember that day, and regret our clumsy behavior. They didn't say a word to any of us again, probably they didn't say a word to each other neither. And until this they, they never saw them in the same room again. Both of them have been walking their own way for quite a while, and I'm afraid that if I hadn't been such a wreck I would be with her now. Despite of what you think of her, she still would be here. It cannot be changed, the past is the past. But we must remember to not fall short again, we must remember how they fell back like that, and how they lost, everything they ever had.
bump
231 words short, English is not my mother language so I believe there could be some grammar mistakes I didn't see.for reading it, if you do.I will review/rate later
your formatting is all fucked up
much ofuckingbliged.
It was the nicest thing I could think of to say.
My cross legged Gestalt hovered some where near the more yellow coloured wall of a hungarian girl's interior room.I was half invited. The people were acquaintances at a stretch.As I morphed in to a more ready pose,my left hand rested against the papery material which was pretending to be a wall.The people in the room appeared overly self important and I got the impression if I talked to any of them they would begin spouting either marxist or feminist rhetoric,so I observed the notion float yonder.My invitation was a sort of spectre which possessed everyone in the room.They were posers who pretended to be inclusive,but were in fact exclusive faux-inclusivists, for lack of a better term.I observed a desire to leave.The aforementioned metamorphosis reached a climax in its merging of hand and doorknob.My left hand was almost sweating as it worked, like a cat clawing at a closed door.I saw some eyes drift toward my Gestalt, like a spacial aneurysm.I am not of this world.
bumpjust because
I just started writing this today. I didn't really have any clear idea, I just felt compelled to write, so I wrote.I'm not very good, but would like to improve.What am I doing wrong?In the cosmic blink of an eye, one's life is over. In several generations, his accomplishments forgotten. Even if he was considered an important figure during his life, and his deeds indisputable; they will go on to be questioned, belittled, and eventually unable to be recalled altogether.These were the thoughts that ran through Mika's head as she sat in her decrepit, peeling baby blue apartment, staring blankly at a typewritten page, which she had authored minutes earlier. Her gaze began to wander, scanning the four familiar walls surrounding her. One adorned a series of bookcases, spanning the entire wall with their wide oak frames, reaching the height of the ceiling, with the exception of one, which was thin, centered, and only waist high. The inhabitants of the various shelves were James Joyce, Hunter S. Thompson, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Franz Kafka, Cormac McCarthy, Albert Camus, and many more. The books were mostly hardcover, all in mint condition, as her fastidious demeanor dictated them to be. Her survey continuing along the room, the adjacent wall is completely bare, decorated only by the cracking wallpaper encircling a moderately sized round window, through which the view of a stereotypical suburban neighborhood, populated almost exclusively by old, white, conservative, home-owning retirees, can be seen. It's a safe area of the city, with low crime and high cholesterol. At the base of the window is a small table, lightly cluttered with textbooks, bills, and a cold meal from the previous night.The paper, still wet with ink, is violently ripped to pieces, landing daintily on the crimson carpet beneath her feet. “Trivial bullshit!”.Her face quickly becomes streaked with tears, and the air thick with stifled whimpering. At a time which is traditionally suffered through and then celebrated, her heart was filled with despair. Her mind racing with questions of meaning and importance. She stands up from her mahogany desk, stumbling as she tries to walk, only to eventually collapse on an old floral-pattern couch, burying her face in a pillow; a futile attempt to muffle her melancholy outburst.“Why must we all suffer through the same examinations of purpose over and over again, century after century? Are there no answers to these questions? Many great thinkers labored over these quires for the entirety of their lives and careers, never reaching a conclusion other than pointlessness; the very answer that initially sparked the line of questioning to begin with!” Her voice, broken and shrill, pierced through the polyester prison, filling the room with an audible suffering.
Cont.Her thesis was titled “The Spinning Cadence”, of which only the title had been written. Her aluminum garbage-bin was filled with page upon page of false starts, off-topic hypothesizes, and utter mad ramblings.The end of one's academic life is not the most ideal time to have a personal crisis, especially one as elaborate as this. It's understandable for a music student about to officially enter a field notorious for struggle and hardship to have tormenting thoughts about her future, but for it to evolve into an engrossing philosophical dilemma reaching far outside of just her own life was hardly prototypical.The room darkens as she lies motionless, hitherto not having spoken a word for weeks, let alone screaming with all her might. These are the most important days of her life; a time when importance itself is in question.
Hello /lit/. Lately I've begun reading and writing, as I'm currently homeless and I have nothing better to do. I haven't written for a long time but I find myself enjoying it. My librarian suggested that I write a personal narrative. Lately I've been thinking about my childhood and this is what I came up with. Any feedback is appreciated. Houses are bathed in soft light. Trees murmur as the wind flies lightly through their arms, shaking the morning dew from their leaves. They reach upwards towards the sun, trying to grasp it in their long arms. Among the trees rises a barren dirt hill. It stands alone, enormous, like the thumb of God. Projecting from the side a lone bluff, grimly surveying the world below. At the base of the hill lies a small pond. Little distance away from it a dusty road, twisting it’s way over the ground like a black serpent. The sun is at the height of it’s arc, coming to a standstill in the sky.
Baked aureate earth crunches softly underneath my feet as we make our ascent. The hot sun beats us down, burning our backs. My lungs ache and my legs are possessed by a fierce pain that holds me down to the ground, an ethereal tether. We reach the plateau, each of us breathing heavily from the exertion, and sit. Spread beneath is our world. It’s beauty is marred only by the rock jutting out from the hill. It’s bleak appearance draws my gaze, you don’t notice, you keep watch.  For a time we talk in hushed voices, careful not to disturb. We are still as can be in the evening air. I explode into action. I’m up and running, around the top, like a child. You join me, dancing and laughing. You fall into my arms, and the world is crashing down around us as I stare into your eyes, robin egg blue, for the second time. I could kiss you, but I don’t. Then you’ve gone, moving away as I try to hold you close, and dear, to me. I think I may have pushed you away. The pond turns opaque as the sky begins to darken, reflecting what is above. As the light from the sun slowly passes away stars wink into existence, taking it’s place. They dot the surface with pinpricks of light. Each one appears to be very close to the other. Slowly they begin to form a band, twisting like the black snake that does not seem quite so close anymore, here in the dark. A mobius strip has been created in the muddy water.  The curious wind has returned. I watch as it throws about my hair with wispy fingers. It roars, frenzied, tearing at me, trying to break my concentration. I’m staring at the bluff again. It appears to hang over pond, positioned so that if one was to jump he could land among the infinite stars. And I’m running again, like a child. I am a child, I’m ten again and this is a game. My tiny heart beats as I pump my legs sprinting towards the bluff, cutting my anchors loose with each step. The edge rushes towards me and I let go completely, falling or flying.  Bruised knees are in their own way a form of escapism, albeit an unpleasant one. Like most wounds they will heal, leaving behind only a scar. On those damaged foundations we will build anew.
The earth is made of choc-o-late,the sea is filled with wine,And all the stars in heaven's crownWith matchless splendor shine;Yet heaven, when she, looking down,compares her crown to mineA humble wreath of fennel leaf,feels somewhat less divine.For mine's a kingdom more sublimethan aught she comprehends;No handprint mars that lofty climb,--but mine abounds in friends.Nor deity on Helicon,nor maiden of the vale,Nor gypsy's magic tambourine,nor lovelorn nightengaleHas melody enough to singthe strains of my delight;For friends, what little joys we bringin measures more requite.And anyplace I go do foeand foe their wrongs repent,As though my smiling face the woe--ful warps the strife unbent.From Camelot to Evergreen,dear friends, all mankind,My joy is that of bonhomieand not to me confined.
Is it possible to write fantasy these days without it being generic?
bad.
America has become profoundly disinterested as a people and our government has mutated into a pseudo fascist corporate amusement park where only the rich have express passes. The recession and the youth of the eighties have raised a generation who are solely bred for the rat race. The young should just say fuck that and build our own industries and organizations, maybe we would ache and suffer in the short term but I would rather die next to people that labored to make their world better than die boxed into a cubicle slaving away at a sprawling machine so my children can get eaten by it too. Precious sleep was fought back by flashbacks to the beggar Al Capone in the waning moments of my trip clutching at me for cigarettes and young flesh. I had thought of my bed all day I was finally here and I felt like the first man on the moon. I couldn't stop thinking of the stream of consciousness I had paddled down to get here. I have doubts that the acid was still even affecting my mind, but with no break to let my mind adjust my thoughts were still warped and geared toward the fast paced trip. I pondered about an extended metaphor that the final stages of my acid trip reminded me of our once proud nation. Long gone was the bright lights, shimmering ideals, and great movements which once defined us. Only the warped skeletons remain and now we wander through them asking ourselves what we’re supposed to do with the tail end of it all. One of the final excerpts of a short story I just started.
A paradoxical philosopher, carrying to the uttermost length that aphorism of Montesquieu's, 'Happy the people whose annals are tiresome,' has said, 'Happy the people whose annals are vacant.' In which saying, mad as it looks, may there not still be found some grain of reason? For truly, as it has been written, 'Silence is divine,' and of Heaven; so in all earthly things too there is a silence which is better than any speech. Consider it well, the Event, the thing which can be spoken of and recorded, is it not, in all cases, some disruption, some solution of continuity? Were it even a glad Event, it involves change, involves loss of active Force; and so far, either in the past or in the present, is an irregularity, a disease. Stillest perseverance were our blessedness; not dislocation and alteration,--could they be avoided.The oak grows silently, in the forest, a thousand years; only in the thousandth year, when the woodman arrives with his axe, is there heard an echoing through the solitudes; and the oak announces itself when, with a far-sounding crash, it falls. How silent too was the planting of the acorn; scattered from the lap of some wandering wind! Nay, when our oak flowered, or put on its leaves its glad Events, what shout of proclamation could there be? Hardly from the most observant a word of recognition. These things befell not, they were slowly done; not in an hour, but through the flight of days: what was to be said of it? This hour seemed altogether as the last was, as the next would be.
He had never allowed himself to displace his consciousness into the rift. Perhaps he feared it would see the eclipse and deconstruction of his soul, something that; as a man a little too tied to the past, he could not abide the idea of. This did not prevent him from carrying out his work with due prejudice and diligence, in fact, he proposed to himself that the very reason he was able to perform the research he so enjoyed was due to the fact he had been uncontaminated by the vast, soul destroying expanse that would have been lain before him should he have chosen to don the technological vestments his subjects so often did in his presence.
brief but positive...I'll take that.
Hard to feel affected by this without a buildup, feels preacy/over-dramatic. I like the sentiment as the backbone of a story though.I looked at Tupac, he was looking off through the trees at the horizon. His outline shimmered as he walked.“Hey Tupac.” I said.“What?” he said.“Why do you think we’re here?”He swung his foot through a rock, trying to kick it down the path.“I don’t know man.”I stopped walking.“Do you think we’re here for different reasons?”He stopped walking and turned around.I said, “Like you being a hologram, and me being a person. Do you think we’re here for different reasons?”Tupac pulled out our last joint and lit it with his laser vision, he hit it and handed it to me. We kept walking.
I laughed, the last line killed a lot of my appreciation. Broad overreaching advice: Use the least amount of stuff possible to make the punchline. It feels like it hits you once then like rubs the hand around on your face.Good tho
I began writing this draft yesterday. Felt so nice, but what can I do to up my game?
Of course it is. Just because it might be a minority doesn't mean it's not possible.
kek
A short story flash fiction, reallyI lit up a cigarette even though my chest hurts. She told me that ship has sailed, and it truly has. I have been hearing this often and not once has it been unfaithful. At a loss for ships, I lay in bed with that whore phrase, make love to it.Early in the morning I leave the brothel and drag my self back to the gray empty harbor, lighting another cigarette under the streetlights in attempt to smother the feeling in my chest and in honor of things past. Of things gone and sailed, by others. Nothing awaits me but the seaside, and yet I do not feel abandoned. It needs my observing eyes to come to be, and to keep on being, my recurring gaze, immaterial, is what keeps the concrete and iron from dissolving, sugar-like, in the water. If I did not perform this observation, others would eventually be forced to rebuild it with gaze and noun, re-say the light refractions of solids.I did not have to pay the whore for her services since I am a known, respected figure in this small town. They all know I harbor the quay whereof their ships take sea.Good prose, dense shit. I'm saving it to my computer in order to read a few more times and analyze, but is there heardThis particular kind of indefinite subject doesn't work with there, it would be better phrased as "it is there heard..." or, IMO, even better as "it is heard, there,..."; also: an echo rather than an echoing would probably be better too, since you need a complement to what is heard and a noun fits best.Very good, though. Is it part of something else? Is there more, is it going somewhere?
Your first sentence makes me think it's starting in past tense and moving into present tense.I'd personally change it to "I light a cigarette" or "I spark up/spark a cigarette".
First paragraph:As the previous anon said, the beginning verb confuses with the tense shift. Establish that the story is primarily written in the present tense. I find the words “even though” to be clunky, could a single-word conjunction be used? The long vowels are not particularly attractive, especially since the utterance causes one to become breathless before the sentence ends. The phrase, “my chest hurts,” is pleasing. The extended metaphor of the ship falls flat and is unoriginal. Thus, the concluding sentence is unappealing, but I feel the sentence is better than the one preceding it. I would suggest editing out the third sentence; it does nothing.Second paragraph:I am not a particular fan of adjectives or adverbs, so the opening sentence of the paragraph irks me. “Gray empty harbor” could endure several rewritings, especially some light editing; there is a missing comma. This first sentence feels off balance and needs restructuring. It feels trite “in attempt to smother the feeling in my chest and in honor of things past”. Lots of telling and not showing. “Of things gone and sailed, by others,” this sentence should be taken out. The subjects are implied in the last sentence and this sentence just stopped me in my reading; its construction is jarring.I stopped reading.Hope you continue writing!
Any chance you can critique this for me?:Also, I know soul destroying is missing a hypen.
Very good, though. Is it part of something else? Is there more, is it going somewhere?It's from Carlyle's French Revolution.
2 is unfinished, but I've made over 1000 words already, today has been a good day.
I finally have my opening:My book is tedious, it has the smell of the grave about it; it has a certain cadaveric condition about it, a serious fault, insignificant to boot because the defect of my book is you, reader. You're in a hurry to grow old and this book moves slowly. You love direct and continuous narration, a regular and fluid style, and this book and my style are like drunkards.
Good point, I paid no attention whatsoever to verb tense and made a mess.Woah, god bless you, thank you so much for taking the time. lots of telling and not showingThat's the point, really, along with the ships metaphor why do you say it's unoriginal?. It's supposed to be a little play on the expression "that ship has sailed", with a sense of purposelessness/loss but that is not desolate because the gaze of the character whose ships have sailed keeps the harbor in place Berkeley influenced POV.Of course, my prose is far from perfect and if I must explain it this much then I did not do a good job, but I thought I'd clear my intentions up nonetheless. Alsono comments on clumsy language other than problems with the prose itselfEnglish is my second language, I am now proud.Ah, I love it when anons post other people shit on critique threads in order to test the critiquers. Well, at least another book made it to my to-read list.
Where is the rest of the story? Joking aside, the piece “suffers” because I have little context at hand. I enjoyed reading it. The first sentence is loaded with ambiguity. Who is “he”? How does he displace consciousness and why does he do it? What is the “rift”? I feel a strong sci-fi vibe here. While the first sentence does good to hook the reader, I felt the sentence is overdone with ambiguity, but this could be seen as a personal preference on my part as I like an establishing shot. There are some grammatical concerns. The third sentence could be rewritten again, my personal preference to enhance the flow of the sentence and to replace the semicolon with a comma and “see” to “mean”: “Perhaps he feared it would mean the eclipse and deconstruction of his soul, something that he, as a man a little too tied to the past, could not abide the idea of.” In the sentence following replace the comma with a semicolon, because the two independent clauses are not connected by a conjunction and I believe connecting the two clauses would break the flow: “This did not prevent him from carrying out his work with due prejudice and diligence; in fact, he proposed to himself that the very reason he was able to perform the research he so enjoyed was due to the fact he had been uncontaminated by the vast, soul-destroying expanse that would have been laid before him should he have chosen to don the technological vestments his subjects so often did in his presence.” I am not fond of “due prejudice and diligence,” but it works. Also it is long, but that is not really constructive criticism. Again I dislike that I feel I am not able to give more constructive feedback as the flash fiction feels like an excerpt.Sorry this took a while.
Well, at least another book made it to my to-read list.You should probably already know something about the revolution to a reasonable historical detail or be ready to interrupt your reading with research every few lines if you want to get a good grasp on this particular book.
Actually the last sentence of the first paragraph has a slight grammatical error. Honestly I felt I needed to direct my attention to prose. In the second paragraph the first sentence does display clumsy language with the use of the dependent clause; the dependent clause is overly long. Then I stopped reading, because of the prose.
Thanks for the feedback, it's really quite helpful, I only started writing it today, so it's a little rough, so I'll take all that into consideration, if you want to read any further, as it stands, this is what I've written:
Anyone?
The last sentence? Where? And, ah, that is still good enough. I'm still young, there's plenty of time.It's probably going to be an arduous read, then. Not that I mind, though.
I placed my hand on her stomach, waiting for the kick. It never came. Maybe the mother needed to be alive for that.My hand traveled along the curve of her belly and between her breast. I played the bongo before finishing my solo with a smack to her cameltoe.Critique?
Dude, c'mon.
What? Can't handle my style? Besides, no one else is critiquing my other work.
Your writing is absurd, but you know it's absurd.You're trying to make a point but although you know what it is, you want to post this snippet either alone or out of context to make it seem like you're more intelligent that people who don't "get it".
If anyone could critique my third draft of this, I'd be more than grateful.Particularly if anyone notices any comma-splices that I happen to have missed, or anywhere the writing doesn't flow particularly well.
Actually I wrote that because it made me giggle. I was on /co/ and a post set my mind working. I dislike the notion that I set myself out to seem more intelligent. People comment that I am broody. I want to show I'm not. By God, I can be funny! Anyway...care to critique? I'm serious here at least.
I feel like you're either trying to experiment with grammatical conventions, or English is your second language.It works, don't get me wrong, there's some interesting sentence structure, however, the fourth sentence 2nd sentence, 2nd paragraph, is just a complete mess and unintelligible.I enjoyed reading it, like I said, it's oddity makes it interesting, aside from that one sentence.If you don't mind doing me a favour, could you take a brief look at the first few paragraphs of this:
it's oddityI should go to bed.
A racing heart bound to a tree, Pounding loud and dullSinews meshed in frigid limbsProbes that press and pry -A ventricle’s limit triedAnd the branches sway with a wanton music
Ah yeah, the genius tyrannosaur finally clambers down from his tower to dispense his phlegm among the peons. No bratwurst in these caves you Lilly-livered cunt. Monstrous applause for the Germanic reveal. Sploshing out onto the patio his innards slept a dance of ruinous acclaim. There can't be found this time of day a number so brilliant. Must traverse many a swamp for ye finds the holiest of sacraments. Eat a dinner of turgid lungs and mayhap you'll be able to enter His mausoleum. Statues guard this ring. Click-clack, click-clack. SWING. No more yearning for the knight. The opulent river-coons swing a tango for this begotten priest on the rings of Ploythaxmus. The bucket is emptied now.
the kind of thing that's fun to write when completely hammered then laugh about the next day with some friends when drunk again, or with yourselfIt's fun as long as you don't take it seriously
Bumpelstiltskin
it's awful and english is not my native language, but here goesI just started writing and am looking for feedback on how to improve, just point out everything thats shit pleaseSlowly creeping comes wearyness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes. As time passes on they move closer with a cozy and peaceful smile on their small round faces. They sit next to you on the couch and you turn your head just a slight bit and nod politely. Over time, you feel the couch tilt ever so slighty to your new neighbours' side and as you look over, you could swear they look bigger than before. Not definitely, but perhaps slightly more voluptous. You start to feel soft fur brushing up against your arm as they spread out to accomodate for their new size. You knew you were right. A bit disgruntled and displeased at their sudden appearance you shuffle to your end of the sofa, trying to bring just a bit of space between yourself and the three unannounced guests. You look over once more and observe the once benevolent faces turn into gruesome grimaces, watching you with a self-righteous, sly smile. Their growth is undeniable now, one of them is again brushing up against your arm. Flight is impossible. Soothing sing-sang surrounds your thoughts, lulling you and tucking you into bed. They have taken control now, throning high above and looking down upon their prey, a mischievous grin spreading from ear to ear. Now it can't be long. There is no rush. Darkness engulfs you. Don't struggle. Submit.You look into the Abyss. And Jump.
Emery I am so tired.last week I wanted to die and I don't know why. I am ashamed I felt this way. I finished my last final at 9:30 Wednesday evening. I felt so down walking the empty linoleum halls and emptying my locker and putting all these big books into my sweater and tying it up. I went to the ladies room and I sat on the toilette. The Janitor had cleaned the floors. The smell was strong and I vomited a little. I felt cold like I have never felt before so I unwrapped my sweater and put it on and opened the stall door and looked at myself in the mirror for a long time. I was paler than my father and skinny as Phillip before he passed; it's a disgrace to be ugly. It's a disgrace to all mankind showing my face around these halls, opening my mouth to chatter chatter chatter. Islam is a monotheistic, abrahamic, religion articulated by the Quran. I know very little about it. I care even less about its teachings. What interests me is the specific practice of hijab wearing. I would wear a Hijab to cover me, they would think it an expression of modesty or commitment or faith, they would not know me.
I don't know if thats a stylistic choice that you intended but you start lots of sentences with "I" and they have a similar structure. Might be dull to read if it carries on longer. I'm pretty sure the "and ... and ... and..." in the first sentence is intentional and I quite like it, but the fact that your overall sentence structure doesnt change too much in the following sentences doesn't make it too interesting, although I liked reading it. Just some input, who am I to judge?also someone please take a look at this: 
Next draft of this section. 
just gonna keep commenting on stuff while I waitwhen I started reading the first section you posted, I sighed because it felt like the whole "captilamsi is evil!!" shit you read on facebook all the time, only phrased slightly better. probably has a bit too much pathos and I also believe the whole "slaving away for the machine"-thing is overused nowadays. the sentence starting with "precious sleep..." was really confusing at first but for some reason the "clutching at me for cigarettes and young flesh part" really drew my attention and led me to read the rest of the excerpt. Correction: "bed all day[.] I was finally..."Generally the excerpt seems out of concept and hart to understand with prior explanation or buildup and the start includes too much pathos, seems overdone to me. Overall its interesting though
Actually just started this like an hour ago"In all my years I’ve never seen such a beautiful corpse.” one beige, ill fitting suit adorned detective said to the other. Purple lilacs laid cross her waist, perfectly scattered - too disheveled to haven’t been placed that way. Her scarlet rose lipstick smeared over her cheek, eyes somberly closed. The other suit went on about how it looked like a Rembrandt painting, though he likely only said it to sound educated. A flash camera POP interrupted their revery...or morbid infatuation over the fallen starlet."
people if nobody critiques others this thread will die dont just post your stuff help others out too
It's 4:30am, but this is no excuse, you deserve better than this crit. I am assuming ambiguity is intentional, I am also assuming you are trying to personify weariness, fatigue, and sleep, if I am wrong, either I am too tired and stupid, or you may want to reconsider this metaphor, I don't think my reading is entirely unreasonable. If I am correct thus far, sort of interesting concept.w several simple plural form issues  a self righteous smile self righteous smiles a mischevous grin mischevous grinsWord choice might need improvement. volumptoussensual connotations, is this intentional?sing-sangsing-song is a better choice, even if this was an intentional malapropism.the end is a little cliche I thinkdarkness engulfs you don't struggle and jumpmaybe write a couple drafts of the end.This was good, especially for an ESLAnon, goodjob.Darkness engulfs you. Don't struggle. Submit.You look into the Abyss. And Jump.
Everytime I revisit the passage I realize what it is I'm actually trying to say. It's going to probably morph more and more as the story behind it also goes through edits but I think I'm getting closer to what I'm trying to say.Very vivid but has some trouble flowing, maybe it's just me but the "to haven't been placed that way" line just kind of stalls it, also the description of the detective, nitpicking probably but hey that's what critique threads are for. I like that you identify them as suits first, was that entirely intentional?
the end is a bit cliche because I was trying something with the words, if you look at the 5 sentences before "you look into the abyss", youll notice they have 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 words respectively but I realise now I should have focused on syllables instead. I was trying to increase the tension a bit by stacking those sentences on top of each other, leading up to the jumplike build-up, short pause you look into the abyss, JUMP
Whatever happened to the daily exercises guy?

I like this - kinda like a less bizarro Steve Aylett.
as  said, it doesn't flow very well and some sentences made me go back and read parts of them again to make sure I read them correctly but that could be completely intentional. Quite liked it overall
First excerpt from the same story...A sign outside the metro station informed us we couldn't smoke so I was glad that had we dropped acid instead. We had left the dull suburbs behind in interest of glimpsing culture, fine art, and as many public monuments as we could. I recall that it was the early afternoon and we’d come out in a party of four. An aspiring composer and reluctant psychonaut, an artist who entrusted her future to computer science but would rather be a tattoo artist, one boyish man who I imagined to be some kind of humanized sea lion, and myself dragged along on the promise of a concert in the future and one and a half tabs of twenty five. We were riding the orange line from the suburbs into the metro center. Normally traveling through the humid tunnels of Washington D.C.’s metro network is like being pulled through the perspiring sleeve of a career politician, but on a fine Memorial Day weekend the boggy capital had relinquished to us a dry and sunny day.
Your first sentence is bad Hunter S. Thompson. The following sentences are worse Hunter S. Thompson. Just from this paragraph I feel like your writing tends to take a rhythm of ending in predictable deflating contrast punchlines. This grows tiresome for more sensitive readers after just a few pages. And, given the stylistic influence and the setup, I have a hard time imagining you're headed for anything original with this story. Which doesn't so much matter in a lot of instances if you're writing about the movements of normal life and using those as framework for personalizing exploration. But patchwork gonzo Ferris Bueller doesn't easily lend itself to soul searching or original thoughts.Also it was pretty humid in DC last Monday.
Memorial day weekend, went in on Friday. Thank you for the tips though. I'll keep working on it..
Tomorrow the foreman will dismiss the packers from the third floor an hour after closing time. He will shower in the locker room and when he steps out he will avoid the mirror. At his locker he'll put his uniform on: it'll be a dark work-shirt, black slacks, etc..etc... then he will drive into the city and park at the warehouse.Tonight, he calls his mother at the home. Sammy is sick again, she phoned Martha to tell him that she would bring the kid over Sat. morning instead of Friday night because she could only schedule an appointment for Fri. afternoon, and she would be busy busy busy filling the prescription afterwords, but the kid would be at his apartment by Sat. evening at the latest, depending on traffic patterns and if he was hungry. His mother tells him to bring her the cream for dry skin, but he had already done that yesterday. After work, he stopped off at rite- aid and bought a pack of beer drinking was not a problem. By designating drinking days Tue. Wed. Fri. he had minimized inebriation and was now confident his face would droop less and his gut would tighten up after several weeks of brisk exercise for him this meant walking laps around the reservoir and burning on the park bench where his height allowed him an excellent view of the nubile asses of passing qt's. He bought her cream, and took it up to the home where an elvis impersonator set up in the foyer was gyrating for the silent generation..He was all shook up, because 103, 103, 104, 106 with the forecasted weekly average at 109 had cooked up that place; it was piss and meat loaf and shrivel up even though the windows were all open and the breeze had kicked up in the evening. In her wheelchair sat Martha the Queen Bee. She wanted her cream, and she weighed barely over a hundred now, so he picked her up, laid her on her bed, stripped the nightgown and applied it where it was sore or where it smelled. She asked him any women in your life since Sammy? Later they watched reruns but Martha was pissed and passed out of her mind how did she get into that in here? then started to complain about this and that and this and that and
At first I kinda hated it but I think you got some chops under that skirt.The minimalist stuff I am a fan of. Some bits like "drinking was not a problem" were quite affecting. The rest was a bit of a mess. First off. Write a proper story. Beginning, middle, end. Characters. Setting. Conflict. That kind of thing. It's hard to judge something that is a mess when you haven't got a structure to work off. I'd drop some of the goofier elements like etc. etc. and busy busy busy. It's fun but it's also shit. Drop the fancier language like 'inebriation' it doesn't suit minimal down to earth language. Also avoid some of the longer unpunctuated sentences. They're a bitch to read.
It's a bit dry for something about taking acid. Drop some of the stuffy language 'I recall', 'informed', 'relinquished', 'reluctant psychonaut'. I'd say drop the middle class shit. Fine culture, computer science, composers - uh. Stop pretending dude. You don't live in some world of literary kings. Be real.
another excerpt from my WIP novel, I've reviewed other people's stuff thrice already & will do more shortly.chapter title: Maurice Van Der Doelen, Stance Coach“Come in, come in. See those certificates? All bullshit. There is no Harvard School of Physical Positioning. There is no Oxford College of Applied Commercial Appearances. I think the Beijing Number One Faculty of Personal Space Management may be for real, but I sure as shit didn’t go there. And I tell you this not only without shame, but with pride. Because what I do here, what my clients learn here, is pure boardroom stance-based alchemy, my friend. And that can’t be learned in a classroom. Except this one. It can be learned in this classroom.” more here: 
Achka occupied the questionably named position of Secretary to the Undersecretary of the Secretary to the Director of Records of the Office of the Treasurer. His duties consisted of ensuring that the Undersecretary of the Secretary to the Director of Records of the Office of the Treasurer was fully resourced such that he could effectively resource the Secretary to the Director of Records of the Office of the Treasurer. It was essentially little more than a dick-sucking position. The Service was full of them. Achka sat in his office filing the occasional file or mailing the occasional letter, but he spent the vast majority of his time engaging in casual banter with friends or even complete strangers over the info-net, or under the Undersecretary's desk and between his legs. The Undersecretary had no complaints. In fact, the Undersecretary preferred it that way. Achka wasn't actually very good at his job people promoted on the basis of literal dick sucking rarely are and about three months in the Undersecretary had explicitly forbidden him from doing it, lest he fuck something up. Achka, of course, had no complaints. It wasn't exactly unprecedented. Secretary to the Undersecretary of the Secretary to the Director of Records of the Office of the Treasurer wasn't called a dick-sucking position for nothing, and it wasn't the only dick-sucking position in The Service.The Service, like all good public services, was funded by taxes and not profits. The incentive to perform well was small, the incentive to spend money wisely was tiny, and the incentive to create underlings you don't need for any other purpose than to have them ride you was attached to your body and demanding attention. It didn't exactly create a good reputation for the Achkakahisska race in the galaxy, but who cares? Got laid - worth it. Besides, everyone already knew the Achkakahisska were hyper-sexual anyway. It's not as if pretending not to be was going to fool anyone when they walked in on the President and the Director-General having a quickie in the humanoid oxygen-breathing stalls during a break in the Galactic Senate. So yes, in human terms Achka was little more than a taxpayer-funded prostitute to be whored out to his boss as required, but in Achkakahisska terms he was a respected member of society. He was the lubrication that allowed the cogs of Achkakahisska government to revolve smoothly, without grinding each other down. Everyone's a little more amiable to compromise and get on with the job in their afterglow, after all. Dick-sucking isn't easy when you've got a mouth full of fangs made for stripping flesh off of freshly killed prey and a barbed tongue, but with skill and dedication Achka could administer the medication required to bring the Minister for Agriculture to the table.And orgasm.not part of anything bigger, just something i wrote up literally right now. i'm kinda fascinated by my own idea though. i might take it further
I think you could tighten this up a bit with putting a bit more person into the narrator's voice:I'm not sure people say 'traffic patterns' conversationally. '..but he had already done that yesterday.' could sound more like the guy I think you're writing as 'but he did that yesterday.''...where it was sore or where it smelled.' He's narrating, not talking to his mother. I'm pretty sure he'd say 'stank' instead of 'smelled.''Nubile asses' is a word combo you would only ever see on the internet; I cannot believe that it has ever existed in anyone's thoughts.There's something there, but I think you could make the writing more impactful by really honing the sentences, get them as lean as fuck.Example: In her wheelchair sat Martha the Queen Bee. She wanted her cream, and she weighed barely over a hundred now, so he picked her up, laid her on her bed, stripped the nightgown and applied it where it was sore or where it smelled. She asked him any women in your life since Sammy?I think that just restructuring the sentences a bit gives them more urgency and tension:In her wheelchair, Martha. The Queen Bee. She wanted her cream. She weighed barely over a hundred now so he picked her up, laid her on her bed, stripped the nightgown. He applied cream where it was sore or where it stank. She asked him any women in your life since Sammy? No.I could be wrong though. It does happen.Mine is this if anyone fancied giving feedback. I posted it just a while ago, but now remembering to do it after a review:
another excerpt:Department of Homeland SecurityCase ref: DHS/NN/458489Evidence Item ref:111/27/4Transcript of covert recordingEP: Ernest Piccolo, President & Chief Executive Officer, Piccolo IndustriesSB: Sal Buscemi, Chief Financial Officer, Piccolo IndustriesBP: Patricia Bookie Penette, Executive Assistant to Ernest Piccolo not present in room EP: Sal, you ever take a shit, go back to the bathroom an hour later and see that shit still  floating, looking right up at you, grinning?SP: Not grinning, no.EP: I don't mean literally grinning Sal, I'm not insane. I’m not your son. No offence, he’s a great kid, he’s my nephew or something and I love him, and I know you and Maria did your best, and by saying that I’m not suggesting you could’ve done more, although obviously you could, or he wouldn’t be such a crazy little prick. If your Peter had asked such a question, it would not be unreasonable to assume he was genuinely enquiring as to whether your turds were in the habit of taunting you as he no doubt believes his do him. But I am not your son Sal, and I almost certainly never will be. So just humour me and answer the question – did you ever take a shit and find it still there hours later?SB: I guess.EP: You guess or yes? It’s not the kind of thing a man forgets, Sal. Not a real man.SB: Jesus H. Yes.EP: Yes what? What yes, Sal?SB: Yes, I’ve taken a shit and returned to the bathroom to find it still there.EP: That’s unimpressive Sal. A man should never be defeated by his own shit.over intercom Bookie, make a note for Sal’s next appraisal – Sal is to be bonus-dependant on establishing mastery over his own excrement.BP: I’m not sure I understand that, Mr P.EP: Excrement, Bookie. It means shit.more here:
air is heavy and unmoving, settled on us like skin, moving only slightly when we do. On her I can see sweat through the dull glow of the street lights outside the ratty curtains of my small room. Outside I can hear traffic passing, and somewhere in the distance I hear the frightened scream of a car alarm. She puts the glass bottle down and slowly scoots back up the bed and into my arms. We make love and fall back to sleep.The rest is in the pastebin... Don't know why I would continue
Buuuuump
Overcast, concealment.Every moment of conversationI feel as a child doesfirst learning to swim,in an ocean.On deck they stare;why are they not lookingfor a buoy? Rope?A fisherman aboard? Well?Is he scolding themfor the greenhorn term, rope?Sorrow eyes have met mine,they do take pityas father wouldof an old diseased dog.For years I have ate from your children's leftovers.
I like it. I'm not sure I can justify that though. Or even explain it.
Can someone please give me a bit of critique on this?
I'm glad someone enjoyed it, thanks.
Now some raspy voice comes in a wheelchair three-ten black eyes breathing tubes completely bald face crackedstill laughing voice cracks me upstarts saying something about smokingstill laughing start to wonder what angle are they taking haha where's the payoff?
Adipose stains, varicose veins, nut-shells ’n’ bolts,crooked Rectoress’s smiles, herbs from Humboldt,the scene sets itself a paper-thin veneer,noticing the translucent naïveté, now and here:the realization that he, I, have no clue what we’redoing, out-of-step, drunk as an amoeba in beer.Re: reticent rectifiers reluctantly refer the alliterative hackto someone whose name is an industry secret Jackthe carpenter sulking between panoramic, off-shot cracksat midnight out between shiny buildings, un-gentrified, bushels of corrugated roofs, sounding: roof, roof, chide,meow the cakes’ killer, children howling and showing teeth,grabbing pockets with their sticky hands, yanking briefsdown at the lengthily-laced patience of Mother Earth,howling, showing teeth.––the buzz is nudged, mirth,undone shoes meet polished wood, bedside––moans, squeaks, apologies, slaps, and blood-dried orgasms erupt––teh non-nonsense re-returnsin a redundant city-float parade, adorned with urns,a star, a son whose matriarch eludes all’s breath,the exasperated fog emitted at the precipice of death,the carrier of carriers, denier of murk, of spongy space,so as to say that the today has laid down its subtle grace faceless.
PROSE MOTHERFUCKER CAN YOU READ
“Are you mad?” He said to me, trying not to raise his voice. We had chosen a poor place to talk about this, I admit that, but it just so happened that neither of us wanted to host the meetings in order to persist in the anonymity we lent each other.“Are you mad?” He said, trying not to raise his voice. We had chosen a poor place to talk, I admit that, but it just so happened that neither of us wanted to host the meetings. We'd lent each other too much anonymity.and on. Didnt read past second sentence.
I'm sorry, I forgot how stringent the rules and regulations on this site are.
his version is better
TWO THREADSONE PROSEONE POETRY
Duly noted. Now please use your inside voice, you're scaring the children.
This is the first time I've written anything non-school or college related. I'm writing it to help myself learn, so some critique would be helpful.I'm studying ancient history and archaeology, and I like reading about fantasy, so I decided to combine the two to make a Byzantium-inspired fantasy piece. 
A short poemI can't drive bussesI don't want toBut smiles stopThe black man pushing the pedalToo early, and earlyWhen it is coldI just wantTo get home. FuckingHell.
IF I SCARED YOU OFF THEN GOODAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAA YOURSELF CUNT
Sorry
one beige, ill fitting suit adorned detective said to the otherThis is terrible. If you want to describe what they look like, whatever. But the "adorned" shit is clunky as fuck. Just use a fucking verb. "one detective wearing a beige, ill fitting suit said to another"Purple lilacs laid cross her waist"cross" isn't a fucking preposition. "crossed her waist" or "laid across her waist"perfectly scattered - too disheveled to haven’t been placed that wayThey're perfectly scattered, but disheveled? What? Disheveled implies something is unkempt, messy. I can't even tell you how to fix this because I can't tell if you're trying to describe that the lilacs look deliberately placed or that they look like someone tried to make them appear disheveled. The other suit went on about how it looked like a Rembrandt painting, though he likely only said it to sound educated.Good on you if that's some self-aware irony. But given how purple your prose is, I'm guessing it's not and it flew over your head. POP...Bad.
hey man, you should really chill
Great exposition. Remove "The next morning...", find a more formalized transition, as I agree there should be one. Some issues with tense.Continue, certainly.Indent after the first sentence, to pace it a bit. Keep your tense straight, it afflicts the storytelling. Find a strong arc in exposition, I became bored quickly.Me.
Thank you! It's much more bleak than I intended.The last line esp. has the EDGE factor. I'm taking it out.
Tried a short bit of inner monologue, could use some critique. I've taken too long of a hiatus from writing and reading and I fear my skill has fallen by the wayside.The snow and frost bit into my ankles through the thick leather of the boots that sat loosely on my cold legs. The shivering hadn't stopped in the last hour, and I wasn't alone. Hans sat frozen on metal bench of the beutetraktor. The ice danced and shook as the vehicle trundled along. He stared endlessly into the white abyss. “Charlie,” I shouted over the rumble of the engine. My finger rose lazily and waved in the general direction of the ice caked shell of a man that sat across from me.Charlie turned to look, and at a glance it seemed as if he just fell away. Hans' frigid body fell out of the tractor with a small white puff and a wet metallic bang when he bounced off the towed PaK gun that trundled along by hitch from our humble vehicle. My eyes followed his grey form as it slowly drifted away in our wake. I pursed the chapped strips of dried meat that had served as my lips for the past week. Dreams of yesteryear filled my frozen brain. I felt the inexorable lust for another to join me inside the warm confines of my psyche. The gentle breeze that wafted across the Rhine swept through my brain, the sweet taste of wine on my tongue titillated my taste buds.  No, I hadn't a sweetheart like most of the lads. My experiences weren't through rose tinted goggles of romance and bravery. I relished the time spent on my own, given my own devices and my own conquests as week after week passed by my bored adulthood. A smile cracked across my shivering cheeks, the pain from the facial motion jerking me out of the simple summer paradise that gave me a brief respite from the white hell of the Ukranian countryside. Kiev had fallen. I looked over my men with tired disdain. They were the broken remnants of Hollidt's Sixth Army. A tired band of boys – children, if anything – the lucky few that managed to join me as I so shamefully retreated in the face of Soviet tanks. Tanks, that we had been tasked to stop with the battered PaK 39 gun we captured from the Bolsheviks. I would have gratefully accepted any punishment sent my way for such treasonous thoughts as retreating in the face of battle. No shred of authority could reach out to these wastelands, anyway. My men were true children of the fatherland, that much is certain. Hans especially, what a trooper. Always would he stir the spirit of the platoon with his good deeds and prideful inspirations. Bless his soul. Carrion birds roost during the winter, not daring to fly out lest the ice drag them towards a cold death.At least he would have his own peace.
Started a new project yesterday.Inspiration hit and now I have a rough plan of the whole thing, as well as a first chapter of just over 2000 words penned.If anyone wants to read:
Bit stilted. More brevity. Larger words are awkwardly placed.Try not to reuse words so much in that context; I read 'soul' too many times. It's a heavy word. Maybe you should read more esoteric works to compliment your vernacular?
A bit too written.
Thanks for the feedback, I'll try and look at any words that look awkward when I'm going through redrafting.
Good post, thanks for your honesty.I've come up with a more formalised transition by making the main character sign off. It's written from his point of view because it's meant to be extracts taken from his personal journal.What issues did you find with the tense? I expected to mess up somewhere so it's not a surprise.
Yes, that would be perfect. I find the work would be more foreboding that way.There's some confusion with past and present tense. Probably because of the journal format.No, I liked it. I was able to imagine it as a esoteric short film in my head.
I'm used to writing in the past tense because of history projects. Everything is always "Constantine said" or "Genghis rode to" which rubs off on you after a while.I don't know what kind of project I want it to be yet, I just wanted to write about Byzantium and other cultures without being constrained by actual history. I'm also not sure if I want the main character to eventually ascend to the throne Meaning the journal would be a sort of "Secret History of the Mongols" kind of thing, or if he will just be recording daily life in the cultures he experiences as a diplomat.
I could see the guy dying in the end, personally, but that's probably just my shitty mood. Good luck.
Death would be good actually, because I want him to explore the themes and ideas of Neoplatonism over the course of the text. I could have his health slowly decline the more he writes This would become a plot point if he became emperor, and have the text/his journal end on a cliffhanger when he dies suddenly.
Save
The other anon is right, some things are a bit overwritten, making a few of your sentences awkward. The snow and frost bit into my ankles through the thick leather of the boots that sat loosely on my cold legsThis is a good example, as you're trying to describe your scene with a lot of detail, but you end up repeating the same thing. Just by mentioning "snow and frost" itself a redundancy! you've already established a frigid setting, and going on to say "cold legs" is superfluous because you've already established snow and frost biting into your ankles. No reader would assume that only your ankles are cold, and that the rest of your body comfortable! If you wanted to, you could shift the personification from the snow and frost to the cold quality of the s+f, but it's ultimately unnecessary. Also, describing how your boots sit on your legs should be done elsewhere, if anywhere, because it divides the aim of the sentence, and it ends up feeling like a laundry list of initial setting conditions for your story. Another thing, describing your boots as "thick leather" but still describing your legs as cold implies you've been outside in the snow and ice for a while, and you could work with this implication by making it more direct later on in the chapter/paragraph/story.
I've always like interviews/dialogues formatted as formal interrogations as a unique but not unbearable way to tell a story, so nice format. I just hope the entire story isn't one big interview
thanks, I appreciate the critique, I definitely see what you guys mean
this is some 'avid reader' tier stuff
don quixote classesenglish coming soon
To judge from the nature expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell.
*tips wig
Thoughts on this guy?I'm intersted in reading a few fantasies. Should i read this or Tolkien's Lord of the Rings?
relly makes you think
I have read all the Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit, Silmarilion and a bit of History of middle earth books and I'm on clash of kings, which is book 2 of ASOIAF. Both are excellent, but honestly I think George RR Martin is a bit more compelling to read. He also gets a lot more mature with his writing, because in the most part for tolkien, if the text was put into layman's a kid could read it. I think this gives george a bit of realism to his works, but Tolkien is definitely an author everyone should read in their lifetime.
He's great in every way.You should really read both. After Tolkie, read the Kalevala and Kalevipoeg.
im not getting mad OP , but can i ask why you think these two are comparable? i personally dont care for GRRMs writing, and I loved LOTR, but i dont feel the need to compare the two. One has mental traces that go back almost a century ago, and was written for an audience of his time. The other is probably between 20-30 years old idk when martin thought of it all and was written with a background in Hollywood. in short. Swords in both stories =/= same
on the shittiest book of the seriesGeorge is still more compelling to read Says a lot. Tolkien is bullshit made for children
They're compared a lot because there's only a handful of fantasy books with such expansive and fully realized secondary worlds.
read both in either order you dumb shit

expansive fully realized worldasoiafkekThey're really not comparable op.One is a fully realized world backed up by encyclopedias worth of background information and lore.The other is a tv soap opera set in somewhat high fantasy, although the author doesn't really seem to know if he wamts it to be low or high fantasy, it changes between each book.
Can anyone link me to a pdf of The Soul Is Not A Smithy? Or upload it for public viewing?
is that picture from the LCD Soundsytem documentary?

This is Now an LCD Soundsystem threadGeneral opinions on the long goodbye?
tfw bear-man Murphy has the same awkward 90s paperback print of GR with the lame cover as you
i think its both the best thing they ever released and the most accessible. The songs are fleshed out live, it has an accompanying documentary that is very entertaining and serves as the perfect greatest hits collection, though the section where they play 45.33 drags on
It's in Oblivion, stories. epubs of it available anywhere
This is now an LCD Soundsystem thread, didnt you listen to anon?
in what context is the bookshelf shown in the documentary? is it murphys?
yea its murphys, hes talking about gravitiy's rainbow and why he read it when they cut to his apartment and show his bookshelf
r8 my cart of books from amazon. Should I buy them /lit/?
buying booksJust rent them from the fucking library
Disgusting
not wanting to read a book without a deadlinenot wanting to read a book without waiting for others to finishnot wanting to put the book up on a shelf after completionI'm all for libraries, but if i have the money I'll buy the book.
every library has every book ever
pleb trash, through and through
If you want to buy them you better hurry, a lot of those suppliers only have 1 left in stock.
You're missing one of the stephen donaldson Gap books.I read those years ago when I was a kid.They gave me a gore fetish.
I already own Chaos and Order.I already own the rest of them too, but I wanted them to be the same coverDon't worry, I got a chub reading his gore
Would someone who agrees with Stirner be called 'principled' or 'idealistic'?
'deluded'
AD HOMINEMAD HOMINEEEEEEM
A Stirnerist would consider both concepts spooky.
/thread
Neither. Just realistic. This is the only alternative view.
Realism sounds like an ideal
"Principled" if someone agrees with the Stirnerist."Idealistic" if someone disagrees with the Stirnerist.
How do you enjoy poetry if you never felt love?
what kind of love? poetry rejects popular notions of love.
Because most poetry deals with themes other than love?
But poetry doesn't have to be about love.
How do you enjoy peotry if you can't comprehend abstract concepts?
Mostly I write poems about how good it feels to punch yourself in the dick.Is that a kind of love?
how can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
How do you comprehend abstract concepts if you have no language capabilities.
reading for themesi enjoy the aesthetic placement of one syllable after the other
Then why not just listen to music if you just want sounds?You literally read a poem with no idea of what it's about?
, 
What does /lit/ think about The Feminine Mystique? I wanted to read something that gives an overall idea of what the feminist movement consists of.
That book has little to do with modern feminism. Read the Dialectic of Sex.
It's rather dated and only focuses on the dissatisfaction driving second-wave feminism. The Second Sex is a better choice if you want a single volume overview of feminism. If you're interested in an overview of the goals and philosophy of radical feminism, The Dialectic of Sex is your best choice.
Thanks for the feedback, I'll check them out!
Feminism is nonsenseWen should be sex objects, not sexual subjects#cisprideworldwide
doesnt feminism and non-patriarchal society actually encourage more women to hook up with beta males like us? if we actually lived in a real patriarchal society, it would only be ruled by chads, betas would get killed off or not allowed to procreate, and the women would only be reserved for the chads.at least now most guys have a decent chance finding a partner and procreating, the elliot rodger's of the world are rare but seem to be increasing in number for some reason.
It encourages women to make their own choices, and recognize where their influences are coming from and then how those sources are biased.If this process leads a woman to decide to only sleep with beta males, that's fine, but not guaranteed.As for OP, I would recommend checking out an anthology or used textbook rather than a book of theory. Feminism has so many branches and fringe groups that it's impossible to understand the whole thing from one author's perspective.
I'd like to read some Roman history. I'm particularly interested in reading about late Republic/early Empire. So I was thinking about reading these three books, and the Plutarch lives of the relevant people. Is there any particularly good order to read these in, or should I just pick any of them and dive in? Also any recommendations on different editions though I don't think it matters as much with history as with poetry, or if you prefer a modern history book rather than the original sources, or if there are any other histories I'm missing, let me know.ancient history pls
wanting to learn historyreading primary sources firstPoor idea. Read Tom Hollands Rubicon and move in from there. You also missed Cicero.
read them in the order they were written.also read Rubicon by Tom Holland and De Re Publica by Cicero
Cool thanks, will add these to my list. So you'd recommend reading the Holland first, then Caesar, Cicero, Plutarch, Suetonius, Appian?
yeah
If you're looking for some GOAT classics:Caesar's "The Civil War: Together with the Alexandrian War, the African War, and the Spanish War" shows all these wars from Caesar's perspectiveCaesar's "The Conquest of Gaul" shows the conquest of Gaul from Caesar's perspectiveCassius Dio's "The Reign of Augustus" naturally shows the reign of AugustusSuetonius' "The Lives of the Twelve Caesars" biographies on all the Caesars from julius to DomitianTacitus' "The Annals of Imperial Rome" shows Rome from Augustus to NeroAn absolutely GOAT book in my opinion is Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire." It really shows the degradation of Roman society and the Empire in relatively good detail however it basically results in Gibbons getting a hard-on for masculinity in society which can make it quite repetitive. Unless your a massive fan of Roman history you may find it's size and contents a dry read.Still waiting for the day in which a decent book comes out about the Crisis of the Third Century.
Definitely read holland first, and when you read the others remember they are heavily slanted and biased. another more modern book would be Caesar life of a Colossus and a biography of Pompeii and biography of Augustus. you might check out the podcast a history of rome that covers this time period from the Gracchi brothers to Augustus' rise to power.
Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire."this is excellent but only covers the age of the Antonines to the fall of Constantinople, not the late republic early empire.
Holland's Rubicon is indeed great, but I think it wouldn't hurt to try reading some Livy. He was a historian from the time of Augustus who compiled a massive history from Rome's founding up to the rise of Caesar. He's as much a secondary source as a modern day historian, although with some obvious propaganda stirred in.If you like podcasts, I'd highly recommend Mike Duncans completed The History of Rome. He covered Latin prehistory up to the fall of the western empire in year by year detail. There's a also history of Byzantium podcast that is finishing the next thousand years if the eastern empire.
Yeah I'd like to read some Livy but I thought his only surviving stuff covers early Rome?
RL Fox - The Classical WorldTom Holland - RubiconIn The Name of Rome - Adrian GoldsworthyCaeser - Adrian GoldsworthyAugustus - Anthony EverittMarcus Agrippa - Lyndsay JamesThis is your starting point. All these books overlap and take you from why Rome existed and the greek influence though to how the Republic diead and what happened next.Now start looking at the ancient and classical historians, its easy this way around as you now have a good general background and are able to read from say Tacitus or Suetonius with an understanding oh who they are talking about.
Fellow classical lads, does anyone know of any books about the ancient world of the Sumerians, the Assyrians and the Babylonians. Their whole society just sounds and looks so bizarre and has no comparison to any other society in history and the fact that they were the first empires in history also seems epic.
Livy goes through the Augustan period
Yes but it hasn't survived, it only still exists up to book 45 out of 142.
Is Adrian Goldsworthy good? I want to read his Punic Wars.
yeah he's alrightA History of Ancient Egypt by Nicolas GrimalCultural atlas of Mesopotamia and the ancient Near East by Michael RoafThe Kingdom of the Hittites by Trevor BryceAncient Iraq by Georges RouxEarly Mesopotamia: Society and Economy at the Dawn of History by J.N. Postgate
'From the Gracchi to Nero: a history of Rome from 133 B.C. to A.D. 68' is exactly what you want.
Rubicon is fucking great, but the fall of the Republic era is way too overplayed. I want something that tells of the fall of kingdoms and the rise of the SPQR.
Not really. Only if you're looking for a monarchist Tory interpretation. I'll have to defer to the othersBumping for pre-republic Italy
The Cambridge Companion to the Roman RepublicFlower's Companion is primarily addressed to those with interest but little background in Roman history, offering “an introduction to the Republic that tries not to privilege a particular time period or point of view,” but instead providing “a guide to a variety of areas, fields of study, and possible approaches that are currently being explored.”
Protip for all history/non-fiction readers looking for books: Good on wiki and find a subject you like e.g republican Rome then scroll down to the further readings/sources.
The definitive volume on the fall of the Roman Republic is "The Roman Revolution" by Ronald Syme
Don't die on me now...
They had effect on the Hebrews and via them on Christianity. The metaphor of the shepherd comes from them hence all those symbols.
A rough chronology. There is some disparity or overlap between groups and cultures.
New-Assyria
The Roman Republican Forum.Goldsworthy's book on Caesar is rather dry, it spends a lot of time offering his own doubts about historian's claims.
Roman class structure.
Social customs and manners; frontispiece?
Where do I start with poetry? Any good introductory books?
Mother Goose.
Poems for the Millennium vol 1-3 are probably the best anthologies for poetry from the mid nineteenth century on.
Ignore the Tupac, but this is a pretty rough guide.Best place to start is with Shakespeare sonnets and Edgar Allan Poe's poetry, most elementary stuff.
Dylan was a better poet than Ginsberg and both knew it.
bump
, 
give grillfriend "The Husband's Secret", she starts reading10 minutes later, come back to see her looking for said secret on wikipedia
he fell for the girlfriend meme
what website are you from? you stand out. ragefaces are severely out of style here. i suggest pepe, and make sure to be smug as hell.
Did you miss the memo? Rage faces are cool again now that normies are not using them anymore.
jsus christ no
THE RIDE NEVER ENDS
YES
www.ideologylit.comLESS THAN A WEEK BEFORE SUBMISSIONS CLOSE EDITIONWhat is this?A brand new literary journal. We are still narrowing down our voice and style, but that's where you can help. We are currently accepting unpublished prose and poetry for Issue #000 Genesis until May 31st.Issue #000?This is a kind of a trial issue. Originally, #000 was going to have published works from established authors, just to demonstrate what an issue would look like. We decided to let #000 be open for submissions so we could include some original writing.Starting with #001, we will have much more regular submission and publishing schedules as well as containing only unpublished works.How can I submit?There are two ways to submit. You can e-mail us at submissions@ideologylit.com or you can use the anonymous submissions form on our website.We will respond to all submissions.What's accepted?All unpublished poetry and prose. Every issue also has a sort of "competition," centered around the theme. The best submissions that feature this theme will headline each issue. The theme for Issue #000 is "GENESIS." You can read more about the guidelines on our website.Is this the first literary journal from /lit/?No. There's been others in the past, perhaps most notably TAR: The April Reader.I'm not interested / stop spamming / this isn't /lit/-relatedWe're sorry to hear that. All threads on /lit/ will be called "IDEOLOGY: A literary journal" and will be started under this tripcode, so please add that to your spam filter and you won't see us anymore.
tfw 500 word essay due in the next week;_;why do the writing gods conspire against me
Did you check your spam folder like that one guy in the other thread told you to?
how long do you usually take to respond?
Yes, we will be checking our spam folders. I don't believe anything has been classified as spam yet.We'll be responding in the first half of June. We won't be responding until submissions are closed.
What happened to TAR? Was anyone in on that?
So how many submissions out of what you got so far are you actually going to be using?
It fell apart due to inner turmoil between the editors.Those who cared about quality but heads with those mostly Prole who thought TAR should be all-inclusive and publish most of the shit that was submitted.
closing submissionsYou have no idea how to run a magazine, OP.
I'm a v good layout designer for both web and print if you need any help w that
Shoot us an email at about@ideologylit.com!
tfw want to submit but scared of rejection
Rejection sucks but it's not that bad so long as you're not waiting a long time for it. Their last day for submissions is what? Tomorrow? You won't be waiting more than a week or two since they're closing them up pretty soon.
This is gonna be such trash haha
I think its a cool idea even if the content isn't exactly the greatest.
good idea, but it's only in english, so a lot of /lit/ users, that know, like me, english just a few, can't participate, unfortunately.
this is an english language site, what do you expect?
I'm thinking about submitting a poem, but I'm worried it would be too short. It's only 10 lines, is that alright?
Nothing. It's logical it's in english, but nonetheless, there is no /lit/ board or equivalent in many language.
how is ten lines too short for a poem?
Must the submission be in english?
While we are not opposed to foreign languages in a work, the submission must be comprehensible to at least some extent in English.
Looks like shit tbh
Get a Duotrope listing.
Why not a "foreign language" part in the journal, in other languages ? It can be a good idea, no? with translation, for example
Seconding this Something like one or two foreign language pieces per issue would really diversify it
I'm not them, but I imagine the issue there would be having enough editors who can actually read through foreign language subscriptions to properly evaluate them.If this is run by primarily English speaking people, how do you expect them all to automatically be fluent in every possible language or even more than one or two?
Just translate it yourself. Why are people outside of the anglosphere so entitled?
Because you touch your wee wee at night.
The idea I had of it was that the writer indeed translates it himself and submits both the original and the translation, and if it's accepted both versions will be included
What would the point of that be? They still most likely wouldn't be able to evaluate the non-English version and if you know English well enough to translate it why not just write an English submission to begin with?I'm sure there must be some literary journals out there that handle foreign language submissions but this seems like a really tiny operation that's just starting out so you're expecting way too much from them.
what happens when you don't receive a reply?i submitted a poem via your submission applet on the website. shouldn't you send out some arbitrary message saying it was received?this wait is so stressful tbh i'm almost wishing i didn't even bother with it.
They said they wouldn't reply until after submissions closed. Also supposedly they were going to implement an automated submission received thing, but I don't know if they actually did yet or not.
I'll bite. Story on the theme of Genesis, submitted.
I guess you're rightAs a reader, I would've enjoyed seeing something other than just english though
whew, that's great news. i can calm down finally. i've been reading through my old tar pdfs, so this should be fun to make it into the first issue
if you know English well enough to translate it why not just write an English submission to begin with?Could be worthwhile for readers with an interest in translation or just languages, even if they don't speak the other very well. Still, it's a bit too out-there for them to include specific rules regarding this.
We love translations, including English translations of hitherto untranslated works by other authors.Unfortunately, we remain an English literary journal. If you decide to translate your own foreign language work into English, we will consider it, but we will only publish the English translation. We would be happy to note that it is a translation and indicate/link to the original somewhere else though.Please relax! If you used the forms on our site, we definitely received your submission. If you e-mailed us, so long as you spelled the address correctly about@idelogylit.com or submissions@ideologylit.com, we will have received your message.shouldn't you send out some arbitrary message saying it was received?they were going to implement an automated submission received thing, but I don't know if they actually did yet or notWe will be implementing this for about, submissions, and subscription emails once submissions close for #000. It's a good/standard function that we missed in hindsight.
Fuckin chill, bruh.
tfw finally submitted somethinginstantly regret not editing it moreanxiety through the roofk-k-kill me
i'm just being honest, since i don't see harm in asking. i got nice answers and it's going to become thing soon! very nice.yeah, that's the worst when you suck at handling stress, right? nothing you can do about it...
if Isubmit something that is too bad and you guys don't wanna publish it, is there a chance that you can provide feedback on the whys and hows it sucks?
They probably won't because that's too much work when you're dealing with more than a handful of submissions.
As far as possible, we try to provide all submissions with substantial thoughts and criticism. This is particularly true as we're starting out and the number of submissions we receive are manageable.That said, you should not submit something that you are not at least somewhat satisfied with--we are a literary journal, not a critique service.
did TAR ever end up doing an actual print issue?
So submissions are closed now right? When is this issue actually going to come out again? The middle of June or something?
some shitty web designer is getting retards to submit their work for free
I would submit something but I don't want to btfo your entire publication
Pastebin it then, droogy. I'm in the mood for a good laugh.
tfw secretly afraid of being rejected
dfw new-sincerely get the howling fantods at the thought of being accepted
dfwmy sideswe've actually made this man into a meme
Any language should be allowed for submission.
See above, doesn't seem to be their policy. insert your own "filthy monolingual" etc.
what timezone does submissions close? oh god why did u leave this so last minute
the name is just embarrassing
B-but the name's the only reason I even submitted something mr satan
the first issue has a fucking title and it's Genesis
Yeah that's pretty bad in and of itself, but fitting wrt the name of the journal. And it being the theme... has to start somewhere, no?
The owner literally made an ugly website and somehow is getting flooded with submissions from a bunch of faggots that will tell people they "genuinely" submitted to a "literary magazine".
The first issue isn't numbered issue 1, not even 00, it's #000. They plan on making hundreds of these.
They plan on making hundreds of these.Fuck off your shitty journal, creator of ideology
you may be the only person more retarded than the ones that came up with this thing
n-no, you-youre retarded this damage control o i am lauffin
So when do I get paid for my submission?
Never.
He clearly intended "They plan on making hundreds of these" as a snide insult to the fact that they probably wont even have a second issue.But your lack of reading comprehension read it as "Oh no, this guy wants to make hundreds of these" and so drew the incorrect conclusion that her was the creator of the journal.So I agree with him, you're retarded.
 samefag
I'm not, but even if I was, you still failed to comprehend a basic sentence, and so it would be irrelevant anyway.
your damage control isn't even amusing, m8
I can't wait for this to come out so I can constructively criticize all the talented writers that submitted.
sounds productive.we'll have a critique thread then.where we utterly rip them apart :^
What happened to that TAR shit you guys used to do every month?
After the first issue, why don't they have a /lit/ review/critique section, where submissions are taken for critiques of articles from the previous issue?
It lost focus and novelty
Hem, hem. I find that actually pretty interesting, if they'd oblige, and there would be the same sort of quality control, and so on, obviously, but I'd enjoy reading them, yes.
Not either of those but it's pretty obvious dudeI also vote for you being retarded
nah it ran for like forty issues before internal arguments broke it down
Is this a /lit/ thing? Or are you guys just massive fucking faggots that are advertising your journal on 4chan? If it's the former, that's pretty sweet.
they are using /lit/ as a springboard with plans to become mainstream, like TAR
If it's an online journal what's so bad about them trying to get submissions from various online literature forums?
/sci/
philosophy 101:hello /lit/ bertrand russell stan here just finished history of western philosophy and feel i have gained omnipotence. i know pretty much everything there is about philosophy from the greeks to modern and i have a very simple philosophy i would like to share with you all.before i share this i shall have you all know my knowledge of philosophy is universal. from pluto to nietzhe to john lock. i know it all backwards and forward. arguably, my three months of reading has given me more fruitful harvest than a philospy graduatemy theory: in order to be perfect u must not exist, hence, god can not exist
daily remintendo that bert rustle was a hack
Kolsti's escapades are at it again
Hi lit, I shared here some time ago a scan i made of pic related and I was wondering if maybe Anon still has it? I lost it and theres only an epub on libgen...
Why would anyone give a shit about your shitty scan when there are epubs and quality pdfs all over the internet?
Is this it?yes, can't imagine why you'd want a PDF when an epub is available. You'd probably get a better PDF from converting the epub?
link to those quality pfds?
thats an epub too...
O sorry, your pdf seems to be in this one.what do you have against epubs? Just a format you're not used to and being lazy?
ah thats the one! many many thanks anon.and ive always preferred pdfs. i feel like reading a webpage with epubs.
I know the quality is not the best but I just cleaned it and fixed it a bit. The original was quite messy.
If one read all literature existing, could one conclude a valid reason to believe in anything?
Literature removes spooks not add them. Crap like what Rand writes is not Lit.
you would have a post-historical perspective and your mind would basically be a mish-mash of thingspretty postmodern
a true patrician can see that all literature adds spooks while effacing others
Yes, of coarse, but in the end there can be only one! And with just one spook there'll not need be a reason for the term and then by defacto there will be no spooks.
teh truth is out there you just have to find it! :3 Or whatever floats your boat and you get kind of good talking about.
Anyone else notice that Hegel employs dialectics to subvert black and white thinking, whereas Marx uses dialectics to reinforce black and white thinking? The latter jumps to blanket statements based on dialectical dogma--everyone who isn't a prole is reactionary; that includes the lumperproletariat and the peasants, whom Marx pronounces reactionaries en masse. Marx is dangerous because he is both vital to read to foment critical thought, and one of the greatest threats to critical thought: young people can get taken in by his crackerjack analysis on some things, and then start accepting any bullshit black and white pronouncement he makes as if he's the messiah. No wonder he was the father of both a strain of highly critical thought in academics, and a fanatical, bloodthirsty religion.
how about no
How about yes.
Fucking bourgeoisie reactionary scum, die.
how about in understanding the yes you see the no and then you see that both gives maybe you are wrong
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE BOURGEOIS GET OUT

Well, the idea of historical class struggle comes from the idea of historical race struggle, partially. In one letter to Engels Marx says something like that himself when he refers to some a bit older historians that speak of races. So I guess there's a sort of black-and-whiteness in that since racist discourse is all about saying "we're this group here and we must protect ourselves against any foreign elements of other groups that might compromise us, we must do everything strategically and be suspicious of everything."
I think racism comes as much from classism as vice versa. They're both wicked, mo matter what your race or class is.
marx is great at analysis, but his conclusions are usually more poetic and blatantly anti-philosophical. i would almost say he's foremost a poet. no genocide without poetry and so on.makes him pretty interesting, but turns him into a dangerously religious figure and seeing his philosophy as a pseudoscience. marx definitely wanted to fuck shit up and go against mere academicians of his time.
crackerjack analysishur dur I'm a fascist Giovanni Gentile did nothing wrong I like totalitarianism because Stirnerfuck off
