Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
What distinguishes female writing from male writing?Who are the best female authors?
trick question
falling for the female author meme
Are there any great novels written by Shemales?
What distinguishes female writing from male writing?Only the gender of the author.
Harry PotterTwilightHunger Games50 Shades
flannery o'connor, virginia woolf, anais nin, joan didion
The cultural, social and economic condition of women at the time she is writing.
I said great novels lad.Just because I like Shemales doesn't mean I read YA.That would just be degenerate.
shemales detected
do you mean mtf trans? i'm cisgender mate
No lad.SHEMALES.
so like, male authors who like to wear women's clothes?
Vocabulary mostly, themes also, but not to a huge extent.
What distinguishes female writing from male writing?Female writing is written by a person with a tuppence, or if you're socially liberal, anyone who wishes they had a tuppenceWho are the best female authors?Virginia WoolfDonna TarttDickinsonthis is also a comprehensive list, Jane Austen a shit

Is New Atheism really that bad, or are you guys just putting it down to be contrary and edgy? Are there any New Atheist works worth reading?
it's nothing a bright kid in grade 11 couldnt write. not worth the time.
Yes, yes it is.The fact that you have a wave of recycled atheist ideas sprinkled excessively by snide remarks, just for a circus type of positive feedback is bad enough. The only good thing about it is a negative thing: the fact that some people go all awe-struck and their lives directory is completely changed by middle school level arguments:"They believe that God created them, but who created God?" ?!?!?!? Bugger off, read a book and come back.
Yes, they are the most hypocritical public figures alive. THey use the methods that they denounce. THey want people to critize the ennemies of N. A, but they cannot stand critics themselves. They advocate the scientific method, but fail to apply it to their doctrine.at how ridiculous he is.
Dumb because religion is not science. Its basically just bullying.
dont you think it's funny it spouted up after 9/11? it's pro-war shit to dehumanize the enemy in a roundabout way
I would kill all four of them in the name of post-modernism.
how is that philosophical suicide treating you guys
Nothing "funny" about it. If we're to believe the official story, planes were flown into buildings by devout men--men sorely misguided because of their erroneous belief system. The response, two wars that are more or less still going on, were also a knee-jerk, misguided and religious response helmed by a dim thinker guided by his beliefs.
oh, the myth of the 'ideological war', the clash of civilizations etc
That's quite a silly analogy.
I used to be atheist, until I was 19. What an awful system. I'm glad I grew out of it. I can't imagine going through an entire lifetime in that worldview. And these blowhards tried to make a religion out of it. At least it's dead now.
Your response doesn't negate anything. The so-called four horsemen flat-out state that this is what stirred them to become so vocal: that major world events were happening because of the decisions of people who believed, and because those people do believe, in stupid, stupid, stupid shit.
From information that reaches us through school, media and culture, we all have a lot of preconceived notions about a lot of subjects we've never bother reading about. This is common sense, but we rarely think about its implications. Even in the shaping of our positions in very important subjects such as politics we've probably built more upon disinformation than proper knowledge, and we always accept certain premises with hardly any questioning from our part.Do you think that as a defense mechanism against that, we should try to enforce an ethics that tell you not to merely question everything, but to refrain from opinion and from positioning yourself until you acquire a certain understanding of the subject? It may seem that certain things are so obvious that should be beyond questioning: most people wouldn't want to read a book saying that Stalin or Hitler did more good than harm, but I say that the idea of Nazi Regime and the Soviet Union have such a huge impact in our collective ethos that it's basically our duty to read something that questions these views from time to time. It's precisely by challenging internalized notions and values that we gain agency over ourselves, rather than becoming subject to what you absorb through osmosis, from culture and tradition.
you're either a bright high school freshman or a rather boring undergrad. try again
That's called intellectualism. Not everybody is one, nor is it practical to be an intellectual on every single thing the individual is aware of. An intellectual in politics cannot be distracted by chasing intellectualism in physics. However, by doing so he becomes a renaissance man. Anyways, what're you trying to say really?
"Do you think that as a defense mechanism against that, we should try to enforce an ethics that tell you not to merely question everything, but to refrain from opinion and from positioning yourself until you acquire a certain understanding of the subject?"Yes. Definitely. The elimination of ignorance should be a main goal for any government. A simple ethic like this can have drastic change in society.
Anyways, what're you trying to say really?I'm not sure. I guess that I'm arriving at another common sense that I think we don't reflect a lot about: that even tough the intellectual processes behind the creation and shaping of ideals, values, and character can be ours, the "material" we deal with must be constantly revised if we are to have any autonomy over the final product.
Good big words but you're just describing why peer review and rigorous testing is important
Uhh Hey /lit/ dont come here often please be nice.Can you recommend any good books for dealing with people? people scare me and im not very good in social situations i was hoping you had some kind of books that might help.Thankyou!
Can't say I've read this, but my brother swears by it.
I hope you aren't a guy.
Why?I am
Objectively The smartest human ever? If not, whom?
Lol. Stop making threads on this faggotThere are living people who are more smart
But David Lewis died 14 years ago
What does David Lewis have to do with anything?
Whom is the smartest human ever?Don't use the word whom if you don't know how to use it.
Objectively, any hooker.
He was literally an insane person lol.

literally a madman haha
Hasn't read Nietzsche's The Myth of Syphilis lol.
Whom are you talking to?
How do you suppose the smartest person is not a madman, samefag?
tripfags aren't exactly the sharpest crayons in the box
Nietzsche didn't believe in objectivity of value. Perhaps you should say perspectively the smartest person ever.
newtoneulergausseinsteinfeynman
Reminder that if Nietzsche had lived during the Middle Ages he would have been a harcore Christian.
Ad hominem.
tripfags aren't exactly the foulest stool in the pot
tripfags aren't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed
SOMEBODY
whom
do you have any idea what a fucking ad hominem fallacy is
depends on your definition of intelligence and what field of knowledge they toil in.
underrated post
Based Thomas
it's not surprising TBH, he had the Holy Spirit with him
scientists intelligent Top kek
I wish Nietzsche had been born later. Imagine what he could have done had he known of post Nash equilibria and Game Theory, modern cultural anthropology, and the like. The problem with Nietzsche is he anticipates much, but lacks a cogent framework with which to express his thoughts. He's a 20th century author trapped in the 19th.
not christopher nolan4u

Only insecure teenagers or man children care about either the question or the answer.
lacks a cogent frameworkthat's precisely the reason for his strength
It is evidence of original genius, yes, but it's also a hindrance from a strictly rhetorical standpoint. British critics have crucified him on the basis of their misunderstanding of his work, which poisons the viewpoint of those who do intend to read him, and turns off those who would presumably most benefit.
Sure do, little buddy. In this case it's how he derogated my being a tripfag instead of grappling with the topic at hand, e.g. answering the fucking question.
are you 16?
Statistically unlikely, to say nothing of the issues with the idea of "objective measures of intelligence".
Who cares? If people misunderstand him it's not his fault, if he's not accessible to certain groups it doesn't matter, if he only writes for the "initiated" who cares.I can only speak for myself but to get on any author's work there is a requirement of self-thought from you, yes, be it YA or some obscure philosopher, certain thoughts you have made yourself give you access to enjoying/comprehending the author, be it little kids thinking about heroism before reading some fantasy novel or thinking about the nature of morals for a phil. text.You can take a horse to the river, but you can't make him drink, and you certainly can't give him a mouth if he doesn't have one.
You can take a horse to the river, but you can't make him drink, and you certainly can't give him a mouth if he doesn't have one.You cannot speak of ocean to a well-frog-Zhuangzi
Noice. I'm gonna remember this one.
Newtoncool meme friend
Reminder the church was the only source of education for layman during the middle ages unless one was of nobility.
Von Neumann is whom I would put as one of the smartest.
Ad hominem doesn't apply for tripfags.Whoever who uses a name in a predominantly anonymous board is seeking for attention to some extent, biasing everything they say because they will focus to give some sort of character to his persona, even in detriment of his message.That's why most of the time they generate conflict, because when they're proven to be mistaken they try to stick to their identity, defending their point of views not because they have a reason to it but mostly because their identity is being threatened.This is a irrefutable truth.
Daily reminder that Nietzsche died a kissless virgin
HE FUCKED THE METAPHYSICS LIKE YO MOMMA DONT KNOW BOY!
died a kissless virgindied from syphilis
Me :^
He fucked a horse, that counts right?
you sir are a genius!
and? do we value people by how many women they fuck?
smartest human everanybody other than Carl Schmitttopkek. Hans Kelsen pls go
Not even close. And if you read what I said you'd notice I said no thing about intelligence. You, sir, are even more smartismart!
Educated people studying his death have determined that he actually died from Brain Cancer.
no, he got c@nzur b0$$
who is this
philosophers are smarter than mathematicians
Reminder that if my auntie had nuts she'd be my uncle.
A heartthrob of men who have no prospects in real life.
The evidence is conclusive. scholars have argued that Nietzsche’s dementia was caused bysyphilis. A careful review of the evidence suggests that this consensus is probablyincorrect. The syphilis hypothesis is not compatible with most of the evidence available.Other hypotheses – such as slowly growing right-sided retro-orbital meningioma –provide a more plausible fit to the evidence." new research was carried out by Dr Leonard Sax, the director of the Montgomery Centre for Research in Child Development in Maryland, America. Dr Sax made his discovery after studying accounts of Nietzsche's collapse with dementia in 1889. He was admitted to an asylum in Basle, Switzerland, and was initially diagnosed as being in the advanced stages of syphilis.According to Dr Sax, however, Nietzsche's notes show no signs of the symptoms which are now regarded as evidence of this disease, such as an expressionless face and slurred speech."Nietzsche exhibited none of these symptoms," said Dr Sax. "His facial expressions remained vivid, his reflexes were normal, tremor was not present, his handwriting after his collapse was at least as good as it had been in previous years - and his speech was fluent."Dr Sax added that in the late 19th century more than 90 per cent of those with advanced syphilis rapidly declined and died within five years of diagnosis. Nietzsche, in contrast, lived for another 11 years.According to Dr Sax, the suggestion that Nietzsche caught syphilis from prostitutes arose in 1947. In a book condemning Nietzsche's role in Nazi philosophy, Lange-Eichbaum alleged that a Berlin neurologist had once told him that the philosopher "had infected himself with syphilis in a Leipzig brothel during his time as a student there, and that he had been treated for syphilis by two Leipzig physicians".Despite the lack of documentary or medical evidence, the allegation has since been repeated without question by generations of academics, said Dr Sax. "Extraordinarily, this single passage in Lange-Eichbaum's obscure book is the chief foundation, cited again and again, that Nietzsche had syphilis."
Perseus Projectura
Nietzsche's genius is the tension between his shrewd psychological insight and his giddy German romanticism, or, in his terms, the tension between his Apollonian and Dionysian spirits.Aristotle was a better Apollonian and as for Dionysian, his fellow German romantic Novalis was superior.
whomyou stupid shit'whom' is not just an eloquent 'who'
Don't even use it in 2015
Yes, do use it, where appropriate.'Whom' has a valid function. Don't let the people who don't know how to use it destroy it.
What noble crap! he was tortured between 2 passionsWhere do you find this crap?
Whilst you use that I'll use the other.
C/lit/not assuming blatant grammar error is b8dfw
albert enisten :^
That's not Milton
Uh, that's now how whom is used. It has to be the object of a verb or preposition, like me or him are used.
putting Feynman above Heisenberg and FermiPleb
Middle AgesChristianO I am laffin
Alan Turing
Literally a cocksucker
My vote goes to Einstein or Turing. Newton would be second.
Einstein is overrated, especially when compared to Heisenberg, Fermi, Niels Bohr
You can feed the horse salty snacks making it desperate for water and they also give surgery to babies born without anuses all the time.You easterners are always so accepting of fate. Try to care about the outcome a little more and you might get somewhere.
Isaac Asimov, by his own admission:Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.
haven't you been told to stop thinking about baby's anuses?
They probably have one of those hotdog bun piercers and bounce the baby onto it.
Pessimist: He was born by long time ago. We did not memorize it. We were foolish.Optimist: He is will born in the future.
My vote is for Wittgenstein
probably some autistic savant locked in his basement forecasting the apocalypse through binary matricesthe world will never know
You missed Dirac.
I would say Newton though for being influential across so many fields.
Still an ad hominem attack. If you say that something isn't true because the person who made the claim is usually dishonest, then you have used an ad hominem fallacy.
Socrates Plato, Nietzsche, or Walter Benjamin
Socrates Plato,Get this dialectician outta here.
Stirner said more in The Ego than Nietzche ever did, and with less edge.
Who's the world's smartest hooker?
So I told Friedrich to reevaluate all values... He actually did it, the absolute madman! Hahaha!
Goethe
how did stirner say more than nietzsche?
Is that benatar?
FUCK OFF TRIPFAGGOT GET OFF MY BOARD
/thread
Lol, I don't think even Stephen King has said more than Nietzsche.
That's trivially true, because Stephen King has never said anything.
Ben Stiller is not that smart.
Heh, I saw that coming. Ok, fine.Nietzsche had a larger amount of meaningful things to say than King has meaningless.
eheheheh
well Jake Hooker won a Pulitzer Prize so I guess he is pretty smart
You're all dumb. Pic related is the smartest ever.
Other than be a riddler the only things he ever did was that inane aesthetic rant at the end of PoTA.
pic related
 God bless you.
Yes.And this is objectively his best book.
objectivelyyou havent learned anything dog
k
Praise Nietzsche as being absolutely correct and the smartest human everbelieve in objectivityYou guys aren't very bright, huh?
Richard Dawkins or Bertrand Russell are the smartest people ever
Leonardo da Vinci, he was literally a polymath
Whitehead my vote
faggot detected
What's your favorite work of feminist literature?I'm partial to "Trifles" by Susan Glaspell. It's not preachy, not overly symbolic, and not pretentious in the least. It's just really charming and straight-forward, and I admire the way Glaspell juggles brevity and a steady pace.Define "feminist" however you wish.
Susan Glaspell is rather a step-down from Dworkin, are you done with the radical phase already?
there is literally nothing of value to be taken from Dworkinher writing is only useful for reference, as an example of a bygone angrier era of feminism
Laura Mulvey's essay on the male gaze.
the male gaze.came into this thread interested in feminismsee this shitWhy do you people have to repel everyone with your tinfoilshit?
Do you even know what the male gaze is.How is it tinfoil shit
I don't read feminist literature actually. This is probably because I don't care very much about women, or people who are different from me
feminist "literature"
Beauvoir's expositions on woman as the Other are actually one of the most worthwhile reasons to read her.
ugh
Why do SJW-types always say "ugh"??
Because they've seen others of their kind do it, you problematic shitlord.
It's the kind of noise you make when you find a large dead cockroach in your shoe.The implication being that you are on that level.
So they're just edgelords then?
because you have to wonder what is must be like to be the sort of person who writes things like  and you get the shivershonestly, i think i never meant an anti-SJW crusader who didn't make me really truly happy about inciting their hatred
calling detractors of your moral cause cockroachesKek
I used to be like you, and I cringe about it every day. Read some of the suggestions here with an open-mind, and stop trying to be contrarian for the sake of it. It's embarrassing.
see what i'm talking about? two completely differents posts and the guy mixes it up. it's just like... there's something missing inside his head.
Lol sure thing cuckokdI've already read second sex, it was fucking awful. Why should I embrace feminism? What does it hold over white nationalism, christianity, judaism, or any number of other movements?
it's just a noise to express discomfort. SJWs have a low stress tolerance and tend to center their lives around their feelings of discomfort, so they make this noise a lot
cuckokdMy god.
Le ebin typo ideologyMy got
Carol Gilligan's in a different voice
SJWs have a lot of ingrained expressions and phrases, as well as rhetoric. It gets on my nerves, for every feminist who proves a point majestically there are 200 dimwits saying "XYZ needs to just stop like right now" or "ugh" or "XYZ is problematic" and so on. It's intellectually lazy language and discourse. I'm a left-wing person who believes in equality, but if I have no reason to believe a movement has widespread intelligent discussion, I'm not going to support it.
stop trying to be contrarian for the sake of itno need to project your edgy behavior in high school onto us, my friend. most people who are socially conservative do so out of genuine belief in socially conservative principles, not out of a need for approval or disapproval from others. Maturity doesn't necessarily equate with subscribing to your individual political views, by the way.
If by feminism you mean the equal treatment of men and women, I would have thought the answer was pretty clear... Also what did you dislike about the book you read? Do you think you read it with a sincerely open-mind, or did you go in belligerent? Have you tried any other feminist work?
Study rooms you wish you had
Comfy chair, large window, and either high rise in a major city which doesn't sleep or retreat in a woods which has pronounced difference between the seasons.
Something that looked like the Farnsworth House, but high-up and pretty secluded, overlooking somewhere with lots of trees, and it would always be raining. Maybe somewhere like Tasmania.
Quiet. Big windows for fresh air.A long desk for my computer, typewriter, and papers.Wall to wall filled bookshelves.One armchair that nobody may intrude comfortably.... so like a normal office but in a small town or secluded somewhere, so sick of the big city.
small cliffside oak cabin overlooking a foggy evergreen rainforest with bay windows on all sidesa cute librarian to busy me intellectually, emotionally, mentally, and physically probably wouldn't hurt the experience either
Each book requires you to be familiar with those below itIs TLOTIAT the greatest literary work yet?
dubliners is necessary reading for a portrait of the artist as a young manBut I just bought this here collection and it has dubliners second
It isn't at all
Don't you ever get tired of viral marketing, Kolsti? Funding the continuance of Kanye's star treatment while you yourself are living in a tiny house and typing on an eight year old Mac? I think I hear your harpie of a plow-cow calling for you to bring her more Little Debbies, you might want to attend to that.
Stop forcing this shitty book
Speaking of TLOTIAT, anyone got a link?
UlyssesThe Iliadonly reason to familiar with the Iliad for Ulysses is assuming you believe that the narrator in ep 12 is Thersites. Should be Summa Theologica in there instead.
GR also requires basic knowledge of calculus chemistry & physics.
I'm very ignorart about Ulysses, but why is Hamlet a requirement to understand it?
there's a chapter where Stephen gives a lecture on his theories about Shakespeare and draws from Hamlet a lot
What the fuck are you talking about? Nobody mentioned Kolsti or Kanye.
op, you should kill yourself and delete all evidence of this book ever having been written
Wikipedia is
Now I'm picturing Wikipedia as a massive narrative of the earth's history in prose with DFW-style stacking footnotes and lists.
Infinite JestHamletwat? it has maybe five Hamlet references.
Nah. You don't really need to entirely understand the math or science. A very basic, general idea of how they work or what sorts of principles are being referenced helps but beyond that you mostly don't -need- it. If anything, being at least loosely familiar with esoteric ideas related to astrology, tarot, Kabbalah, various other religious/mythological concepts mostly Christian and "New Age", some Egyptian, some Muslim ones and certain conspiracy theories helps more overall.That and reading V. first.
nigga you dumbthe iliad is for the odyssey, not ulyssessame with dubliners for portrait
Tundra 3 is as dead as the Kolsti book/lit/ will never publish anything again.
reading Ulysses without an understanding of the divine comedy
It has about 190 pages, I could publish it if I wanted to but I don't feel that's rightt. Tundra 3 anon
This
Does anybody want to read Infinite Jest with me? We'll read ten pages a day.Reading schedule:
ten pages? ewwwww
Yeah, I'm not sure why it is just ten pages.
Snacking on a turd will almost surely make most vomit, but tiny slivers of feces mixed in with a daily routine go down like normal.
It's for plebs, is why.
make it at least 20 and you're on OP
Sure, 20 - 30 is better, but someone else would have to make the schedule to accommodate because I am not good at that stuff.
Ten pages a day isn't such a bad idea when you consider everyone on here has their own backlogs and reading they're doing. Something like ten pages allows everyone part of the group to participate without having to drop everything else.
Fine, let's do ten m8s
Ten pages of Infinite Jest is like at least 20 pages of most other books though assuming you're reading it in a physical format, I'm not sure if the ebook preserves the page size. It's fucking massive and long winded. That's not even mentioning the endnotes once you start getting to the parts that refer to them.
We can adjust the pace if necessary.
I'm in
I'm in on this as well
I'm white and in college, too. Let's do this!
Ignore this asshole opI, for one, am sincere enough to join you in your reading, OP.
Made me lol
The book you last read describes your sex life.What was it?
A Clockwork Orange, bit rough.
Civil Disobediencefuck me
Homotopy type theory
Tristia, or Lamentations, by Ovid. Seems about right.
Theodor Mommsen's History of Rome Book IV
Gulliver's travels, bit freaky, I guess.
A book called You Should Stop Posting You Fuggen Redditor
the woman in the dunesi couldn't even appreciate the pathos of the book because i had dfw no gf so bad i just wish i was stuck down there in that hole
Candide lmao
Evelinechoice
Lolitatfw it's right
Les Miserables...Toothless blowjobs?
Asphyxiante culture by Dubuffet.mhmm, weird.
Moneymight as well happen if i get desperate enough
Lady Chatterley's LoverOh, if only.
the sun also rises
Robinson Crusoe;
Siddhartha.achieve enlightenment through contemplation of a riversit on the edge of a mass of flowing and undulating pussysounds about right.
The Emperor's New Mind
The Idiot.
Lolita #1Lolita #2Lolita #3shit's so cash
I would fuck those tight tadpole slits so fucking hard. Find out if tadpoles can bleed- If you get me.
100 Years of Solitude;_;
Infinite JestDamn...
FrankensteinSpot on
The Sorrow of Belgium :
Sounds hot and disgusting at the same time
The seven pillars of wisdom.A gay orgy with old grey haired academics comes to mind.
The road.
Fear and Trembling
biology of microorganismsmust be referring to my penis
top kekI'm reading History of ancient greecefeels like a pederast
What is philosophy? by D&GYup, pretty much. tfw Truth is a woman and she won't let me into her bedroom ;_;
fuck, same here
The sound and the Fury lolzorzroflbbq
Long Walk to Freedom - Nelson Mandela.
The Loeb Classical Library's "Greek Anthology"Vol. 1, Book VErotic EpigramsClose call. I'd been reading "The Sorrows of Young Werther" earlier last night...
The Ego and Its Own. Masturbation is my property.
After many a Summer dies the Swan. Fitting title, because my love life is dying.
tfw the last book I read actually was "The Ego and its Own" because of I wanted to understand /lit/ memesMy sex life is very individualistic... Right now I'm reading "Homage to Catalonia" so maybe I'll get to fug a Catalan qt?
on the other hand:Siddhartha.reject asceticism and, so as to be experienced in the ways of the world, be taught in the ways of love by a mistresswhat joyous dreams
The Ego and Its Own
I dodged a bullet there.I finished that book before reading lolita.
Popular Music From Vittulamh, bretty gud
The insights of solitude. Masturbation all the way.Not a big deal btw i support late virginity.
Something to Be Desired
The OdysseyMy wife may be cucking me, but on the other hand I get to have loads of sex with beautiful nymphs and witches. Not really complaining.
mfw The Foundation makes good use of technology miniturization
The Notebook, The Proof, The Third LieFugg :D How I wish this weren't accurate
the greek mythsso i guess i either rape a bunch of people or get raped by a bunch of people
Heart of a Dog. Pretty good actually.
Childhood's EndGuess I won't be a virg much longer
MetamorphosisIm not a real bug but except that its pretty accurate.
Yesssss.The Garden of Eden.
On The RoadCool
Waiting for GodotPerfect fit to be honest.
Less than zero.Truth hurts :/
Totem and taboo my sex life scaries me
Revival
I'm not even joking: The Left Hand of Darkness. It's accutate too.
Stoner
AIDS And Its Metaphors.
Underrated post
Dubliners. The Dead, specifically.So I guess I get really horny and prepare to fuck, but end up thinking about death and get too sad to be in the mood anymore. Seems accurate.
the fountainhead
Man, that's rough.
Apathy and other Small Vctories.
Mr Norris changes trainsGuess I'm into sado-masochism
It was legitimately moby dick ;
The Double.not sure what to make of that
Utopia
Pedro Páramo
Brothers cuckamazov
I don't really know what this says about mine but I know it's bad.
The Sun Also RisesPretty accurate.
Lenin and Philosophy and other Essays.Eh...what?
fuck yeah
Small Gods.
The feels man
You don't have a pee pee?
the sun also risesdamned impotence
Who is this _____ _____?
History of the Peloponnesian WarThats not funny at all actually
A severely disfigured shut-in who runs a play-by-mail role playing gameFuck
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolffml
A Franzen short story about a loser in East Germany who murders the abusive stepdad of a sexy teenager and doesn't get any thank you pussy.I'm such a cuck
Critique of Pure Reasonlol idk
The Stranger. but what does that mean in regards to sex
The book of negroes
All quiet on the Western Front, yep more or less
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX and the Quest for a Fantastic FutureSounds right
Invisible by Paul Auster[Spoiler?] Apperantly i fuck 10/10 french chicks, and get to have sex whit my own sister [Spoiler?]
Me tooIt actually describes mine perfectly
had to
As a man thinketh.
Love in the Time of CholeraI don't have a qt perfect wife like Dr. Urbino nor have I banged anywhere near as many girls as Florentino Ariza :-
History of magic. whelp.
Trips! i win.
Hegel SelectionsWell, all sexuality and sex is dialectical, so...
Childhood's EndI lost my virginity 2 months ago so for once this kind of thread produces as valid metaphor for me.
lost my virginity 2 months agoHow'd that go?
From Bismarck to Hitlergetting nastier
Notes from the underground
Ulyssestfw cuck
A personal matter by kenzaburo oeas in none of your fucking business m8sget cucked
No longer humanFuck a lot of whores? Not bad but hopefully I don't fail my suicide
The Occult Roots of NazismMy dick is an object of veneration by white men with an phobia of getting cuck'd.I call it, the Great White.
In Storms of Steeldied before I could get anyhow fitting
but he survived
You sit on your hand untill it gets numb
Wright Brothers biography So my dick is one of the greatest achievements of mankind?
The best thing those hacks did was popularize reverse threading on the non drive side crank of a bicycle.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
Moby-DickI'm okay with that
sons and lovers
You know this means musical artist Moby will give you the dick, right?
Against Method
Great expectationsMaybe some day...
Brave new world ayyyy
All the pretty horsesWell, fuck.
Nausea
The most recent was an obscure play from some jewish writer in Washington D.C., so I'll have to go with Their Eyes Were Watching God
Anna Karenina is too long, beautiful and romantic to describe my sex life because I'm a 26 year old virgin.
Stranger in a Strange Land.;^
But eventually you become a transcendent being?
Finnegans Wakeincoherent, inconsistent, and non-existent outside of mediation.
the seminar of jacques lacan book x: anxiety 1962-1963
what play?
The Name of the WindWell I'm cucked
The Face of God: Essays on Byzantine Spirituality
The Castle:
Dead Man's Cell Phone
theology and social theoryLooks like I'm being cucked by pseudo-secular Protestant capitalists.
Trollslayer
Close-mouthed kek.
I have no mouth and I must scream
Kierkegaard's biography
The Crying of Lot 49.
All Quiet on the Western Front.So basically a miserable slog where everyone gets filthy, loses limbs, and then ends with a final resigned appreciation that it's finally fucking over.K-kat n-no ;_;
but I'm not Jünger
At the Mountains of MadnessCold, foreign, and full of tentacles
Pale Fire
Norwegian WoodAnticipating much Scandinavian throb in days to come.
a nymphomaniac prowling nazi californiasounds kk
Troilus and CressidaFairly legit.
NibelungenliedThey always backstab me. I am used to cuckoldry.
The Low Carb MythPretty accurate I guess, seeing as how my sex life is also a myth
Did the cell phone kill him?
Top lel m88. Wait until all our buddies on /r/4chan get a load of this.
QbVIII guess its kinda dry with some hints of excitement.
I'm getting back into reading, the book I've started with is 120 days of Sodom...I'm so fucked.
jesus christ thatt's a dank cover
get fucked campbell, there are no heroes left in man
The SwingerI'm OK with this!
hurry on downyou betcha i will ;
American psycho
It was a book about space vampires that begins by describing astronauts holding their breaths for months at a time in cryosleep
Oedipus the Kingfug
Third Reich at War
Blindsight?
Ride the Tiger.goddammit, Evola, why you gotta make me a furry?
At least it's low in carbs.
I'm Swedish so it makes sense.
Red Dragon by Thomas Harris
The Discovery of HeavenConsidering I'm a virgin, this may come true
The dharma bumsEnlightening drunk hippie sex in the woods, not bad
Hegel's Philosophy of Historytfw no qt antithesis to sublate my hard, throbbing thesis
Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and his Years of Pilgrimage
Blood Meridian
Anti-OedipusHAha! Yes!
"mythology" - edith hamiltondamn, too true tho....
The Brothers Karamazov.tfw gf is pregnant
FiccionesWell, fuck you too, Borges
On the Genealogy of MoralsI can't parse this
Did you just call her retarded?
Technics and Time - I guess my sex life is external to me but constitutive of me? idk give me some help
Explain
It doesn't.Either the last one I finished or the any of the ones I'm still reading.
First as Tragedy, Then as Farce
Destined to Witness: Growing up Black in Nazi Germany.Sums it up perfectly tbh.... Growing up Black in Suburban Connecticut
Dungeon WorldHue.
The origin of speciesapt
A Series of Unfortunate Events: The EndSo generally uncertain future. Eh. True enough, as true as anything else.
Childhoods end or infinite jest, both work I guess
Fathers and Sons. I hate you OP.
Helmet For My PillowYes, funnily enough it's accurate. My girlfriend is japanese, and I do in fact plant my flag pole firmly into her suribachi
Advice for a Young Investigator.hahahhahahahha
dead souls:
'Event:Philosophy in transit' by Zizek,Not even close, the 'event' hasn't happened in quite a while if you catch my drift.
The Beautiful Fall
A Possible LifeNazis, guerrilla warfare and sexual affair, nice
The art of war as translated by ralph j sawyer and with introductions and diagrams by ralph j sawyer Doesn't work
Green Eggs and HamI assume that means orgasm denial
Who is this semon demon?
Seriously?
Great Expectations
Uprooted
The last thing I read was "Patriotism" by Yukio Mishima.That's OK, I guess?
yes.
thanks for playing along, auntie butters
goddamn the influx of new tripfags must all be from reddit.
10/10
Lolita;
Holy shit, that's it, I'm finally getting mouth-raped by a bunch of niggers.
lhizaveta is the only pregnant char in karamazov
Thunderball Giggity
The Selfish Gene, by Richard DawkinsH-heh
The Nimrod Hunt
The Way of Mentfw
My Stuggle book 2: A Man in LoveDamn.
Sun Tzu's The Art of War.
sword of the lictor? yikes.
engineer trilogyNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Book of lies.Heh
one hundred years of solitudeth-thanks op
Ayyy 120 days from sade.

Trainspotting
i lie every time i make a post
Dat /SS/scene with his aunt or whatever. In yelly
The orchard keeper. Would make more sense if I were a woman I suppose
The Art of Being Ungoverned: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia
SubmissionM. HoullebecqI wish
Engines of god
all quiet on the western frontdamn....
StonerHuh. Could honestly be worse.
Ride the TIger.The only way not to be consumed by the beast is to fuck its brains out
Univalence teaches that everything you would get out of sex, you can achieve autonomous, if only you go deep inside yourself. i.e. it's okay if you just fap the pain away.On a very related note, I also read what  read.
Hemingway's 'Garden of Eden' where, basically, the protagonist is married to two hot, south-european women.a man can only dream.
I might as well not have.
the concise oxford dictionary
This thread contributes nothing and is nothing.
Frankensteinnasty dick
The first short story in Voice of the FireI almost fuck a qt trap, could be worse I guess.
The Mosquito CoastNot sure how to take that.
And yet it has more replies than 90% of threads.
The Conquest of GaulWell, I've never fucked a chick from France, Belgium or Switzerland.
welcome to /lit/ - reddit with a dull edge
Bleeding Edge.I think it more accurately describes my teenage masturbatory habits.
mine's Dom Casmurro, guess it works since i'm a cuckhehehehehehehehehehe
It's not all about "Me"Surprisingly accurate. I eat the pussy and the butt.
We have officially become /mu/ You guys are fucking disgusting. I just wish all of these morons who never read books would go away
The Art of War.
The Dragon Reborn
Best post ive ever seen on this website
lel
september anon, just 3 more months
Too bad it's pasta, m8. lurk moar
Never pull out game strong
House of LeavesI don't... I don't even fucking know. The Five and a Half Minute Vagina, I guess.
Thankfully ol' Clarky got around a fair bit
my booky wookwhatever that means is probably right
Leaf StormI dunno /lit/, I dunno...
NauseaWell shit
The Trial - Kafka
Girlfriend in a Coma.
A Farewell to Arms I'm a permavirgin so I don't know what to make of this. What's up CT bro? I'm moving out of this shitthole someday.
Naked Lunch, fuck
Pic related is cutie
l'histoire de l'oeil:
what's it about?
Il Conformista
The Men We Reapedlel
People Who Don't Know They're Dead: How They Attach Themselves to Unsuspecting Bystanders and What to Do About Itlel
lol
The virgin suicides
Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde
the wanting seed.
Queer
The Great Shark Hunt
stranger in a strange land
Same, except im the bloke who dies on the way to the front line from a random mortar shell.
Lord Jimrough sex on a lifeboat while 800 slaves drown
The Thing: A Phenomenology of Horror
Alice's adventures in wonderland
Improv Comedy
In search of lost times
7. Whereof one cannot speak, one must be silent.
To completion?As I Lay DyingIn progress?The GhostmapBook of Poetry?Bukowski
Catch-22can't come during sex because i masturbate too much, can't stop masturbating because i can't come during sex
Lolita.Little girls, tears, beauty, amorality, and mountains of sex. I love it.
Moby Dick, or The Whalegreat white leviathan
Narcissus and GoldmundSo long as I get to be the latter, I'm okay with this.
Trying to think of sexual puns involving 'leaps of faith' and 'teleological suspensions.' There's gotta be something in there.
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ. I literally finished it 5 minutes ago.At least I get carnal understanding of a woman at some point.
Monster Hunter Nemesis, Correia -- tons of gore, hand-to-hand combat, death, destruction, demons, the Frankenstein monster -- exactly like my life, holy shit
Best scene in LOLITA:HH enjoying the exposed nape of the neck of L's classmate?/friend?
About to start PLATFORM by Houellebecq then NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN.
the bible
not watching this shit, someone tell me if the title is misleading or what
They get facts wrong within the first 5 minutes. I'll watch it in length. Be back in about an hour.
The audience and female speaker seem to be very egotistical, it's a pretty bland existential view to denounce life as "a phenomena in a dark corner to be dismissed if one was not personally involved with it"She goes on to say things about his published works which seem to miss the point. Her attitude seems to lend an air of grace to humanity that in her mind, makes us higher than other animals on earth, a very egotistical stance. 25 minutes in now.
The Japanese government did not react. Emperor Hirohito, the government, and the war council considered four conditions for surrender: the preservation of the kokutai Imperial institution and national polity, assumption by the Imperial Headquarters of responsibility for disarmament and demobilization, no occupation of the Japanese Home Islands, Korea, or Formosa, and delegation of the punishment of war criminals to the Japanese government.Her point about Bertrand and his "friends" influencing the moving of the 2nd nuclear bomb is absolutely fucking insane. The japanese government would not have surrendered if it was moved to the 10th instead of the 9th, that is honestly the most glaring dishonesty so far. The rest is just bad inspection of his social comments. 29 minutes
The review by the colonel in the special forces office around minute 13 is quite accurate, the Japanese were quite battered when we decided to drop the bomb. However, the mainland casualty estimates are strange, he believes they would have been below 250k, which is insane. It would have been close to a million deaths on the side of japan alone, and that tradeoff for 140k deaths is legitimately a lesser tragedy.
Why does everyone forget about the Soviet Union's involvement when it comes to the discussion of dropping nukes on Japan vs. invading Japan? The US wanted to occupy Japan so they could remodel it in their image later on, hence why they quickly ended the war so they could occupy the nation before the Soviets came along and bulldozed their way in.
The entire argument wasn't convincing. Some parts were quite interesting, especially the article about Bertrand's article in the journal of atomic scientists. However, even though Russell was quite brilliant, I believe these people are attributing too much influence and power to him. There focus along the lines of WW2 really undermine a lot of their points. They think a single man whom published article in various journals during the time changed the mind of the higher end of the U.S. military structure, fuck that noise. Because the Russians didn't have nukes. That's why people forget about it. They were along disposed occupying Formosa. I'm sure the ignorance of people believing the "domino" theory did have influence on the decision, but it couldn't have been much.
really appreciated; took one for the team by watching this apparent garbage
and I'm sure it's more interesting reading your interpretation of the video instead
Their non-delineation of Icarus is surprising. They don't seem to understand the point of the book. Trying to root mans ego in the dirt, instead of leading blind progress into science. But not to be too much of a fanboy of Russell, but he was kinda fucked up, if you want to hear a legitimate fact, watch at 27:45 he was a wierd fucking dude sometimes.Sorry for any misspelling or such, been a long day.
Why are aesthetics held by some to be of such supreme importance when, perhaps even more than morality, it's just a matter of taste ingrained in us to make other people money? Raw aesthetics can be tempered from this by aesthetics, philosophy, etc. But saying "aesthetics are everything" and saying everything, including morality, is of null value in comparison, just makes you a tool of those who shape aesthetics, and if your aesthetics diverge too much from those you end up looking like you're socially awkward, like people who wear fedoras. It becomes just about being hip and trendy and magazine fashion, which is a cash cow and a way to keep people neglecting things that really matter and complement higher aesthetics.
In case you didn't get the last point, I'm saying spirituality, or at least morality, can allow for higher aesthetics when aesthetics are subordinate to them, than subordinating them to aesthetics can.
Why are atheists so stupid?
Sounds like typical reactionary nonsense. You could have swapped out a few of those words and his picture with Hitler's and I wouldn't have questioned it.
he's a comedian give him a break.
Are comedians considered to have abysmally low IQ's?
The other anon was telling you that Tim Minchin's statement was tongue-in-cheek, but you were too thick to realize it. We're living in the era of post-modernism, how have you not gotten use to dissecting art yet?low IQ= low knowledgeSpeaking of layers
"Philosophy — the power of separate thought and the thought of separate power — was never by itself able to supersede theology. The spectacle is the material reconstruction of the religious illusion. Spectacular technology has not dispersed the religious mists into which human beings had projected their own alienated powers, it has merely brought those mists down to earth, to the point that even the most mundane aspects of life have become impenetrable and unbreathable. The illusory paradise representing a total denial of earthly life is no longer projected into the heavens, it is embedded in earthly life itself. The spectacle is the technological version of the exiling of human powers into a “world beyond”; the culmination of humanity’s internal separation."
There's nothing wrong about what Tim said there. In fact, I know how he feels. How do members of our elite group, atheists, get our points across to Christians, who ostensibly value humility, without coming across as arrogant? The answer is that we can't, so they remain in the dark.
Christians, who ostensibly value humility, without coming across as arrogant?Could have fooled me.
humility, without coming across as arrogant
Nicely memed, my friend.As a connoisseur of fine memes, such as this, I'm always on the look out for daring new memes and syntheses of existing memes.Do you mind if I borrow this some time? I'd love to have it appraised.
EPIK xDUpboated, my good sir
You don't agree, shitpost reddiotr?hurr im against others, it's so hard to be right and brilliant ;
"It is only as an aesthetic phenomenon that existence and the world are eternally justified." - kneecheez
That is the point of view I am challenging.
But you haven't offered any points challenging it. You said 'spirituality,' but what do you mean by this? Why and how?
I mean can you honestly say things like Communion or breastfeeding have the same aesthetics if you detach all spiritual or moral value from them?
Truth meaning, essentially is a large part of Beauty. People here aren't 'aesthetes' in the Oscar Wilde "all art is useless" sense, but the Walter Pater and Nietzsche way of "art is life-affirming and essential to becoming fully-realized human beings" way.Now I realize you're attacking this shallow form of aestheticism, but no one here is talking about that kind when they say "aesthetics are everything."
Nietzsche didn't actually believe in truth except as a construction of power, so we're down to power equates to beauty, but that's really nonsense, since there's nothing beautiful about the leaders of North Korea or their power. In fact lack of the exercise of power is often times more beautiful, hence the aesthetics of Christ's death, which has nothing to do with the beauty of Roman or Jewish power.Coming from Kierkegaard's perspective, I think aestheticism as the highest value is shallow.
Art gives life meaning.
You're misunderstanding what I meant by Truth and what Nietzsche meant by Power.Are you suggesting the Ethical or Religious then, and why?
On a non-debased view of aesthetics, the beautiful is not divorcible from the true and the good and the powerful. The idolatry of the aesthetic apart from the other transcendentals betrays a misunderstanding of the beautiful, and so, constitutes a lesser pursuit of the beautiful than that which sees truth, beauty and goodness as fundamentally unified.
What's your favorite story from The Decameron, /lit/? Surely you've read it?
why are their chins so strongonly the one on the far left is truly qt
Disliking the strong Italian jawveramente classe bassa
WaterhouseItalianSeems legit. Probably from Venice though, right?
of course I haven't read it. I only read non-fiction books
who are these leno demons?
Waterhouse had a fetish for chins.
I really want to read this book, can anyone give me context to understand it? If I'm not mistaken it was a big thing for this book to be published because of its obscenity.The church had lost its power and influence to censor after the black death, which is when this book was written... is this all true?
The one holding the rose is hot, I'd go bi for her.Wish I'd read this book by now, I have it and everything.
Perhaps the painter used the same model in different positions when he was sketching, hence why they all look like pic related.
Is Saint Cecilia dead in this painting? All the flowers and the presence of angels seems to indicate it. Plus there are also poppies around her chair, so she's either asleep or soundly dead.
I liked the one about the chef who and the crane with one leg.Then there's the Bruno and Buffalmacco stories. And the princess who cucks the king with the tree that makes it look like people are fucking. And putting the devil back into hell. And wasn't there one about a priest? abducting someone and locking them away, then telling them why were in hell while presenting to be the devil, just to sleep with the guy's wife?Honestly can't remember a distinct single favorite, but I enjoyed the above.
ITT we make fun of Hume for removing final causes / reflexology from reality and concluding that you cannot derive an 'ought' from an 'is'.Me: David, what's wrong with your car, it only has three wheels.David: I don't see the problem.Me: What? A car ought to have four wheels at least this car ought, as it is clearly designed as a standard four-wheeled vehicle as the final end of a car is transportation, which end is frustrated if one of its wheels are missing.David: haha, no my friend, surely you are not saying that one can derive an 'ought' from an 'is'.I slap David on the headDavid: you ought not to have done that!Me: only because the final end of humanity is happiness and the pain you are experiencing is frustrating the attainment of that end, David.
reflexology damn I hate auto-correct teleology*
So how long do you think would it be before the fat fuck actually gets around to finishing this? Tfw your legacy would be ruined by a fucking show
Since he has cancelled a lot of his appointments I expect an early 2016 release date for this so that it gets published before season 6 airs. The fatty fuck is still fucked though when season 7 finally cucks and beats him to the punch. I'd hate to be in the ignorant lard's shoes at that point in time.
Don't ever mention this filth on /lit/ ever again. GOT it?
The degenerate is too busy pooping out the horse fodder that he stuffs himself with
The laziest google search would tell you he'll be finished before season 6 airs.And it might actually suck for millions of people rushing him. I don't care if he doesn't release it till the show's over, I'm sure not watching it over the books.
Why don't you read actually good work rather than this shit? You think brow-ed neanderthal
He's going to finish a desultory draft, publish it, and then the show is going to overtake the books so much he loses his drive.
being this mad about people enjoying pulpYes, because we have to reed the greats all the time, right?
pulpIts read* fuckwit
CANCERANCER
I hope he dies and his manuscripts get destroyed.Then I won't feel an obligation to read them.
He's going to have reached the end by early 2016. No idea about when it will be published.
A G R E E DGREED
Game of pleb tier writing
If anything, his legacy is being saved by the HBO show.I've read enough of his work to know that if it wasn't picked up for promotion in another medium, it would have been forever lost the used bookstore bargain bin like almost every other dramatic fantasy series. The same goes for Eragorn, Harry Potter, and every one of those Rick Riordan books. They might get picked up by a producer because they were spotlighted in Barnes & Noble, but otherwise they wouldn't have gone beyond that.
Harry Potter was a phenomenon before the movies and continues to be.Eragon and Rick Riordan will be forgotten, Harry won't be.
multiple hugo awardsbest short story writer in the genre fiction before even starting asoiafbargain binplease stop posting
having your magnum opus spoiled by a TV showBrutal.
I've read enough of his workClearly not. And, honestly, is GoT really as bad as all that YA shit? At least it has the freedom to be somewhat remotely adult.
For some reason, I read Eragon years ago and yet I managed to get through the first book, after watching the movie[1]. I couldn't finish GoT though, it's just that bad.Eragon  GoT[1] The event of me going to watch that shit on that fateful day, was due to the same YA-loving friend who pushed the book on me.
Game of thrones is your magnum opus. Literally the best you can do.even more brutal. Harrroooooooooooooooooooo
8/10 cracked me up
20 yearsfive booksword count of almost 2 million still not finished a fantasy seriesjesus christ
ASOIF is good in the abstract but not in the concrete. The prose is garbage, and it kind of meanders a bit in the later books.It has decent characterization and worldbuilding, but Eragon has neither. God, the only thing I remember from Eragon was that one point where their lips where chapped when they were going somewhere.
reed
That's bullshit and you know it.The only areas in which ASOIAF falls flat are its prose but even that can be good at times and its length, which is ameliorated by how well-developed the setting is.If you really are unable to judge a work of literature by any meter other than the prettiness of its prose, you're a terrible reader and have no authority to judge ASOIAF.
What's wrong with that?I really admire his ambition and dedication. GRRM wanted to write a dense, mostly self-contained series that future readers could analyze and pore over for closer insight into characters' motivations and the nuances of the world.
It's bloat.
I disagree. The length of ASOIAF is only unnecessary if you're viewing the series through the same lens that you'd view Harry Potter or Steven King.GRRM's main goal is not to tell a story. It's to establish a world, shown in the time period that he believes to be most interesting.
Despite all the shit that it gets, I really liked AFFC for its leisurely pace and world-building. ADWD wasn't as successful with that approach, though.
Yeah, I agree. AFFC is a really charming book, but ADWD loses a lot of its charm.That being said, ADWD also contains the best prose of the series. If not for the horrific diarrhea chapter, the fifth book its prologue especially would be most remembered for the step-up in writing.
okay, I'll bite. what about martin's prose is so awful? it seems fine to me. very rarely was it noticeably bad. sometimes it's pretty good.
The showrunner said seven seasons.GRRM says that TWOW will be out before the sixth season. So it's a certainty that the show will end the story.
It depends on what you compare it to. Compared with great writers it isn't that good, but compared to most genre writers it's pretty good prose, with the exception of of the occasional clangers.
AFFC and ADWD get hated on for unjust reasons, mostly for the fact they are too complicated books idea wise and Martin tried to shove too much into one tome but I actually enjoyed the Ironborn politics and reading about Cersei slowly losing her grip on reality.
, 
I went to the Yale University bookstore and bought and read a copy of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone." I suffered a great deal in the process. The writing was dreadful; the book was terrible. As I read, I noticed that every time a character went for a walk, the author wrote instead that the character "stretched his legs." I began marking on the back of an envelope every time that phrase was repeated. I stopped only after I had marked the envelope several dozen times. I was incredulous. Rowling's mind is so governed by cliches and dead metaphors that she has no other style of writing.But when I wrote that in a newspaper, I was denounced. I was told that children would now read only J.K. Rowling, and I was asked whether that wasn't, after all, better than reading nothing at all? If Rowling was what it took to make them pick up a book, wasn't that a good thing?It is not. "Harry Potter" will not lead our children on to Kipling's "Just So Stories" or his "Jungle Book." It will not lead them to Thurber's "Thirteen Clocks" or Kenneth Grahame's "Wind in the Willows" or Lewis Carroll's "Alice."Later I read a lavish, loving review of Harry Potter by the same Stephen King. He wrote something to the effect of, "If these kids are reading Harry Potter at 11 or 12, then when they get older they will go on to read Stephen King." And he was quite right. He was not being ironic. When you read "Harry Potter" you are, in fact, trained to read Stephen King.Our society and our literature and our culture are being dumbed down, and the causes are very complex. I'm 73 years old. In a lifetime of teaching English, I've seen the study of literature debased. There's very little authentic study of the humanities remaining. My research assistant came to me two years ago saying she'd been in a seminar in which the teacher spent two hours saying that Walt Whitman was a racist. This isn't even good nonsense. It's insufferable. is bloom right? also why does he dislike king so much?
Our society and our literature and our culture are being dumbed downsaid every old man ever
Are they wrong?
yes he's probably right. King and Bloom are natural lifelong enemies. I believe he referred to him as his nemesis once
I don't feel old, just bitterH. Bloom
Damn, H. Bloom is shitposting in IRL
While Stephen King probably doesn't give a shit about Bloom lol.
Steven King craves legitimacyHemingway a shit. I have elevated the horror genre.
is there any other kind?
I mean its tough. Students in the US are starting to focus on STEM and less on the humanities. On one hand, more scientists is great but you need that balance of humanities as well.
73 years old, on 4chan?You would never know. Esteemed company it seems, anon...
Of course he was right just look at thisclass="quote"75% of the list is YA/children's booksa third of that 25% of the total list are novelizations of the movie Frozen10% of the list are video game guidesthe only nonfiction books are religious, and one of them claims to be first hand account of life after deaththe only non religious, non children's, non video game book is a Pulitzer Prize winner from last yearevery book except for the devotional and the Pulitzer has had a movie adaptation
two hour lecture about Walt Whitman racismwhy is this allowed
I think the Goldfinch is getting a movie adaptation
Hemingway a shit, though
should have made an attack on post-structuralism when you were young, grandpa. now watch cultural marxist take over.
He's not even shitposting, he's absolutely correct. The fact that so many people don't realize it is a symptom of the very decline he's always going on about.In the 1930's the average American consumed more literature than the average Frenchman or the average Brit, although those two countries have suffered a massive intellectual decline as well in my opinion. Compare the writings of certain Harvard University students in 1925 to those of professors at that very same university today.
Bloom hardly "hates" anyone. He would just say that these authors are not anything special and not worth your time in the long run. you can be a "good writer" insofar that your work is an "easy read" as it is with king, but that does not mean king leaves you with anything profound. Bloom is stylistically hyperbolic, he likes to say something was torture, but he is more concerned with something that was good as opposed to slamming authors who are not greatThat all being said HP is shit if you read it as an adult. Its an amazing idea, but the writing is bad.
Kindle and co. will bring about a renaissance in reading.
So if we're in decline right now as a culture, what's the collapse going to look like?
Wow...I didn't know John Green was so successful. The samples posted here make his writing seem like absolute rubbish; how can he be so popular?
Go look at the best selling books on Kindle
I was told that children would now read only J.K. Rowling, and I was asked whether that wasn't, after all, better than reading nothing at all? If Rowling was what it took to make them pick up a book, wasn't that a good thing?I really hate this among people.any reading is better than none at all!It's like reading gets some intellectual elevation just because it's a book.
Kek. People actually believe this nonsense. If anything it will only exacerbate the degradation of literature with more and more garbage being published without any sort of filter. I could see it leading to an expansion of smut and erotica though.
Of course he's right. I don't think society is being dumbed down as much as he says though. Pop culture has always been like that and always will be. It's why it's pop culture, it's trash made for the masses.
 It's why it's pop culture, it's trash made for the masses.Exactly; however, I do think it is alarming that a wider array of the "upper population" is joining the masses in imbibing the dross of pop culture.
the "upper population"Who is that? There is no more aristocracy. The rich are as dumb as the poor in terms of culture.
At the very least I'm glad he's not buying into the "at least they're reading something" argument. People act like reading alone is a good thing when it's more important what you're reading and whether or not you're reading actively.
no shit, the mainstream will always be mainstream. only valid complaint bloom makes is about literature studies being ruined by hipster skelters.
He's looking haggard.I want my cuddly Bloom back.How much longer do you reckon he has left?
literature doesn't need protection from degradation, that's what cultural marxists do. art always survives. and writers will be able to self-publish and earn far more money.
he's absolutely right
art always survivesSay that to all the historical works of art we have lost.writers will be able to self-publish and earn far more money.You mean they could publish the greatest work of literature ever, but due to little to no marketing and exposure the work will fade into obscurity.
How much longer do you reckon he has left?He himself said that he may have only one book left in him about Elizabeth Bishop, so I'm guessing not long.
Wow...I didn't know John Green was so successful. The samples posted here make his writing seem like absolute rubbish; how can he be so popular?When young women determine the bestseller list.
I went to the Yale University bookstore and bought and read a copy of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone."What? Never heard of such a Harry Potter book. Do they mean the one with the philosopher's stone? WTF is a "Sorcerer's stone"?
Philosopher was too complicated for americlap audiences
As I read, I noticed that every time a character went for a walk, the author wrote instead that the character "stretched his legs." I began marking on the back of an envelope every time that phrase was repeated. I stopped only after I had marked the envelope several dozen times.a bit of searching i'm sure there's only one instance of the phrase "to stretch one's legs" in any of its forms. Why does Bloom feel the need to lie?
The rich are as dumb as the poor in terms of cultureThis is basically what I was getting at; doctors and lawyers consume the same garbage as a bank teller or janitor. There is no more aristocracy.Not today, but in the US I think there has always been a de facto aristocracy made up of the rich; however, today, like you said, the rich are only distinguishable from the poor by their ability to consume more. What they each consume is substantial the same though. The masses now include everyone.
You mean they could publish the greatest work of literature ever, but due to little to no marketing and exposure the work will fade into obscurity.I wonder sometimes how many masterpieces have gone unheralded because of this problem.
Lol, I just knew a britfat was going to jump in to regurgitate that, his excited hands trembling at the opportunity to spam le epic bants.
When young women determine the bestseller list.
It's called Philosopher's Stone or its equivalent in every version and translation except the American one. The philosopher's stone is a well-known concept that a 10 year old of average intelligence will have heard of. What is a sorcerer's stone? It's nothing.
What is a sorcerer's stone?You seem to be quite stupid yourself.
Let me give you guys two options.One, you wake up tomorrow and you read the bestsellers list. Everything is basically the same, if not slightly worse - genre fiction and YA dominates fiction, the politics section are mostly ghostwritten books by public figures, economics is the same-old list of austrian garbage no one cares for.ORTwo, you wake up tomorrow and all your favorite books not the super well-known classics: the ones you're somewhat proud of having read are on the top of the best-sellers list, your dense sociological and political treatises are being read by the common man, all the fiction you like becomes the taste of the massesWhich one would you choose?
Enlighten me, then. Show me some other instances where the expression is used.It's nothing, it's something the American editor's made up.
I'd take the first one. The Masses would one degrade the classics.
Are you really this autistic? There aren't many references to the Philosopher's Stone in popular culture these days, so a mass market corporation altered the title so that it refers only to something found in the book, disregarding the general meaning of the two words. Alsoeditor's
Forcing someone to read something they don't care about doesn't work. It's tried in schools everywhere and largely fails.
mfw the title was changed because the average british child didn't know what a philosopher's stone was resulting in poor sales upon intiall publication and the publishers didn't want to make the same mistake in america
damn bro your tastes are probably too elite for even anyone on this board
He was actually reading the same page over and over again and no one had the heart to tell him that.
There aren't many references to the Philosopher's Stone in popular culture these daysAnd by that I suppose you mean MTV? There are references to it in fucking Donald Duck comics for God's sake.
do the british experience american culture on a 10 year delay or something?
Donald Duck comicsMTVGee I don't know faggot, which one of those has more cultural influence now?
Nothing is still nothing no matter how long you wait.The first one, as it did when the first Harry Potter book came out. Especially if we're talking about children. But I'm not talking about America here, the only country in the world that felt the need to rename the book to "Sorcerer's Stone".
I did the same thing. Guess this is what happens when you speed-read as much as he does.
almost nonekafka is the only great writer not known during his lifetime.
a third of that 25% of the total list are novelizations of the movie FrozenI laughed way harder than I should have
it depends what you consider the pinnacle of civilizationrenaissance or Pericles' Greece vs. rome
Culture is more important than structure IMO.
the only country in the world that feltscholastic books is now the countrytfw I will never be this blissfully retarded
Bloom is right. From personal experience, most people who are raised reading Harry Potter and latch onto it go on to read and produce vacuous YA fiction that functions only as escapism. They may be exposed to classics but they see these myopically in the eyes of what books like Harry Potter accomplish, which pretty much amount to just being wish-fulfillment, naive construals of the individual as the supreme truth of the world.It's basically a giant circlejerk, and not in the productive way of philosophy being a giant circlejerk. It's a circlejerk with no climax, just endless self-satisfaction.
minecraft guides
Students in the US are starting to focus on STEM and less on the humanities.Yeah but in either case, Stem or humanities, the education is diluted horseshit.
moots actually got a pretty great jaw. He would be a good subject for a Greek Scultpure
americans getting this defensive over their public's lack of cultural awareness or educationlel
Bloom has never been relevant. It's like the last angry gasps of a man finally coming to terms with that and doing anything he can to be remembered.
does the dominance of YA have something to do with youth culture becoming a dominant force since the 1960s?kind of like how classical music is being forgotten about and people consider art-rock and indie to be great music now
lol Harold Bloob look like a niger
thanks for your opinions anon. is he any different from you?
In what world do you live in that Harold Bloom has never been relevant? Do you realize how many other critics respect Bloom? His books are used as material in many college courses, too. You're a frumpy barrel dweller, lad, that's for darn shaw.
The idea of "consuming" literature is so degeneratively American. I'm not surprised that Bloom has read many more books than anyone else but has little to say that a smart highschooler couldn't have figured out.
Doctors of lawyers have been plebs for that past two centuries. Get with the times, granny.
Only one author has been unknown during his lifetime because we only know one author who was unknown during his lifetime and became famous after his deathI can't believe this isn't bait.
Among the plebs literal plebs classical music was never so popular as much as folk tunes or bar chants or whatever. It was only when mass media was invented that it became easier to share those tunes and so the plebs voted with their wallets and made them more popular and relevant.Same goes for YA shit. Of course printing's been around for a while now, and shit garbage romance books the types parodied by Cervantes, Flaubert, and Joyce were pretty much the YA of their times, but now with the internet, it's become easier for people to voice their opinion on what they find "entertaining". Remember back then books were expensive and the only way you knew they were good were from reviews in some esteemed publication. Now everyone can go to a thrift store or download a book for free. Why go for those snobby critics when you much prefer mrs. booktuber or sally "I have a blog"?
Only retarded people and stuck up pricks who haven't listened to what they are talking about think that "classical" music is necessarily better and "art-rock" music necessarily not great. Same with the people who think Picasso isn't a legit painter but will cream themselves over any derivative 18th century work. No personal taste or historical distance whatsoever.
literary criticsrelevantEnglish college coursesrelevantNot him, but you're not making a very convincing case either.
is bloom right? ehhhhhhh *waggles hand back and forth*also why does he dislike king so much?king's a shitty writer
V pleased with the amount Bloom on /lit/ of late. He's said that he's working on a memoir focussing on the development of his literary sensibilities. I'm exited. Pleased to know he's publishing something on Emerson as well.
Itd be cooler if people were actually talking about Bloom and not just his thoughts on Harry Potter or w/e
You must be a pleb if academia isn't what's relevant to you. I guess you're right, Chad doesn't know who Harold Bloom is so he isn't relevant.Fuck off retard.
implying modern academia isn't a diluted mess
There are points of academia that act as bastions. If we don't have at these small circles, then we don't have anything. Everything is a diluted mess. Most of academia is embarrassing, yes, but they would never teach Bloom because he's against political literature and minorities for the sake of minorities.
Yale
1/2I'd say that he's mostly right in his assessment of J.K. Rowling and Stephen King's literary skill. Harry Potter is a conglomeration of cliches and tropes from British children's literature, and Stephen King is probably more influenced by popular American films and cheap pulp paperbacks than say M.R. James, or even his self-proclaimed hero, H.P. Lovecraft.IMO, this is not necessarily a bad thing. Rowling and King are not Great writers but they are creative in their ability to manipulate cliches and form content that is accessible, entertaining, sincere, relevant, and yet nostalgic. I think there's something to be said for the cheeseburgers and Beatles of literature. I do agree that society as a whole is "dumbing down". I read an interesting study conducted by Markus Prior of Princeton University which argued to the effect that as people obtain a greater deal of freedom to choose what media they consume, they generally devote more attention to pre-existing interests like sports and celebrities and less to the news. He argues that this is why most people Americans are less informed about politics than they were twenty years ago -- greater media choice. However, those who were already interested in the news became even more educated about public affairs and contemporary politics as their freedom to choose informational content expanded.
2/2I think that Prior's theory is applicable to culture at large. With the internet, we are free to read and discuss as much as we want about literature in a variety of forms, from anonymous image forums to content aggregators, open encyclopedia articles, BBC podcasts, YouTube videos of university lectures, etc. Believe it or not, most people on /lit/ probably know a lot about literature even if they don't read very often. But because of greater media choice, reading is now a niche interest. Before television, there was little option as to whether or not you read a book -- if you didn't read, you would probably have trouble finding entertainment. Now with the internet and hundreds of individual cable television channels, we are just as free to consume as much information as we want about literature as we are to read about celebrity reactions to transgender athletes. So while people in general are becoming less knowledgeable about reading and Western culture, a certain subset of individuals are becoming more knowledgeable and more cultured than ever before. What I think we're seeing is a developing inequality in information and culture, and one that is self-imposed rather than forced upon us. The consequences of informational inequality and greater media choice leads to people who are not necessarily interested in literature reading and discussing books in ways that fit their pre-existing interests their already knowledgeable about: analyses of Walt Whitman's attitudes toward race, Minecraft guides, and novelizations of popular movies are made by and for people who aren't interested in literature so much as they're interested in topics they're consuming.
Not at all an HP fan, but:accuses someone of being clichegoes on a rant about how old he is and how everything sucks now
it's because is more likely that a person who reads the shittiest books eventually will get something decent or will be training their reading abilites retard
Hm, so the greater amount of media choice leads to a decrease in the consumption of things in which one is less interested. One could even extend this to generalize how the internet reinforces social-political beliefs, allowing for the creation of relatively extreme ideological groups like /pol/ for instance whereas otherwise it would be difficult. Do you happen to have a link to the study you read, or if nothing else, its name? I'd like to read more on the matter.
shitting all over milton and melville
Yes, exactly. Prior actually has published an article following your same line of thought specific article I was referencing in my previous post was this
bloom will die in your life time
One might almost, rather devilishly, suggest that a certain subset of individuals perhaps not the same subset devoting themselves to classical literature are becoming hyperadapted to make well-informed decisions, and that they should thus be the only ones making said decisions.Maybe Plato was right, after all.
Both Milton and Melville were known -- it was Moby Dick that didn't receive its proper recognition.
mainstream economicsaustrianfucking watall people here seem to get wet over the latest lefie shill-book like 'Capital in the 21:st century' or some epistemologically dubious neoclassical economic histories or so. Never found an austrian book for sale except through mises.org or related.
Like a wilting flower bloom will fall to the ground, and his life will nurture the soil, in which the newly budding lives of appreciators to literature sit, and there they will be nourished.
refuted the freudian analysis of Hamletwow he has so little to say
He's 82 now I believe, he hasn't 10 years more. I wanted to meet him and hear him lecute... that probably won't happen.
I understand that the person you're responding to is being a little too stingy on Bloom, but he has a point that Harold hasn't said much of value on...well anything other than post-culture wars english departments. He has a good head on his shoulders, but I've never read anything by Bloom that has surprised or intrigued me and I've read his stuff on Wallace Stevens. The man likes some indisputably great stuff, but he's not the best critic ever.
Nice quads. Also, Bloom caters to a more conservative part of the English-speaking intellectuals interested in literature, and that isn't a broad audience - we have to look at his impact in the measures of his world. His books are used, his theory on Shakespeare and Whitman is tought, he is talked about - that is far more than most other critiques can achieve.
The Yale University bookstore, huh? What an important detail!
Pointing out him poining out The Yale University bookstore, huh? What an important detail, thanks, anon for your criticism!
poiningNot a real word, opinion discarded
 stop baiting 
I think there is truth in a lot of what he said - especially the idea that reading dogshit is good because it gets people to read. As though merely reading is magnificent.I don't think Harry Potter is that dreadful. It is quite imaginative, engaging and funny. It is also derivative, cliché and the prose is kind of average. Rowling is not Kipling but nobody would really say she is.Part of the problem with the old man's argument is that he is completely out of touch with society - so from his perspective it has dumbed down because all those children's books he listed that were good are 100 years old. The last interesting children's books were in the 70s with Dahl and Watership Down. Children don't care though because the medium for storytelling has changed and there are many fantastic games, films and shows that are intelligent, well-made and emotionally engaging. Nearly all the great children's stories come from British humourists and that is a tradition that has died off. You always hear claims that society is getting dumbed down but you only need to speak to some older people to realise that is clearly not the fucking case.
Because it's interesting? Whitman lived in a time in which 'scientific racism' was pretty fundamental, and the notion that the ideologies of it wouldn't be pervading, influencing, and informing his writing is ridiculous. Using any of that, however, to censure Whitman - or, should I say, bothering to devote research-time and research-money to morally censuring dead authors at all - would be fairly pathetic, as well. We don't really know what lecture it is, whether it's the former or latter type, because all we have, from Bloom's account, is one mental artifact from one day when Bloom was in a bad mood. Ignoring racism in early authors, in my opinion, would be more in line with the type of 'liberal fallacy' he's complaining than would actually acknowledging and discussing its literary influence. End.
So because literary fiction only sells a modest amount that means everyone is retarded now? If you looked at the highest grossing films of last year you'd think nobody was watching interesting films. Which is of course nonsense. Those films just don't make billions.
Children don't care though because the medium for storytelling has changed and there are many fantastic games, films and shows that are intelligent, well-made and emotionally engaging.They would care if the parents could be bothered. The nature of humans can't be erased. Everyone is having a hard time growing up who doesn't hear stories. It's primitive, stories, compared to other entertainment we have, but it's needed. The 3 little pigs is about envy between brothers, the very oral tale of Hansel & Gretchen is about separation of children from the parent and so on.These stories explain children figuratively to the very literal problems of theirs.
tothat word wasn't needed. I changed 'introduce' to 'explain' and left the 'to' in.
Also read The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales by Bruno Bettelheim if you are interested. A supreme read.
What are you talking about? Bloom is referring to children's fiction not fairy tales. Your little rant has nothing to do with whether children are reading 100 year old Victorian literature or watching Pixar films.
dfw called his writing turgid. was this ironic coming from a writer who wrote a novel 300 pages longer than War & Peace about junior tennis, film theory and AA meetings?
Great Post.
based jew.
That is actually so embarrassing wtf Bloom. The bias is too strong.
We don't have any real humanities though, it's all been replaced by this politically correct bullshit.
reads 400 pages an hourcould read 1,000 pages an hour in his primespends pretty much all of his free time readingfuck, how does he do it? I wonder how many books he's read throughout his lifetime.
When i have seen this posted or read about this piece by Bloom before, it wasn't that specific cliche, just general cliches and bad and unoriginal writing/phrases that he made a recording of.One can reasonably doubt that "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is going to prove aclassic of children's literature, but Rowling, whatever the aesthetic weaknesses of her work,is at least a millennial index to our popular culture. So huge an audience gives herimportance akin to rock stars, movie idols, TV anchors, and successful politicians. Her prosestyle, heavy on cliche, makes no demands upon her readers. In an arbitrarily chosen singlepage--page 4--of the first Harry Potter book, I count seven cliches, all of the "stretch hislegs" variety.
I tried to torture Harold Bloom by email once. I sent him a bastardized rendition of one of Shakespeare's sonnets, written in modern slang.He politely thanked me for my letter.
putting Rowling, King and the Beatles on the same level as cheeseburgersfuck you
Bloom is literally the "Le rong generashun" of critics and has no standing in this day and age.
Well, DFWs book has a lot of merit. It's entertaining and insightful.Bloom, however, revealed in his review of IJ two of his biggest weaknesses as a critic: hyperbole and bias. Hyperbole obviously from the "no discernable talent" part and bias from getting absolutely buttblasted by DFWs joke at his expense.
It's neither, it's a thousand pages of edgy navel-gazing expressed through some of the worst prose I've tortured myself with. His life was unfortunate and calls for some pity but all this hype is ridiculous.
 torturedI didn't know you posted on /lit/, Mister Bloom! I'd recognize that hyperbolic fascetiousness anywhere!
the marketing choices of the publisher reflect their opinions of their audience so....
He's right and he dislikes King because King writes nothing of substance.
Yeah except not, try actually reading instead of repeating memes.
If you're pleased by reading about someone 'doing dope for the last time ever' in those exact words mixed with slight variations god knows how many times, with some interludes filled with painfully trite insect gazing and discoveries of sameness with said insect.. you've probably been lobotomised - good for you.
Yeah, the whole "reading is good" argument started because it meant people will move on to real literature. They haven't.
games, films and showsintelligentNice ruse
i started reading books like harry potter at about age 8 and i'm now an english major at one of australia's top universities
There's an exception to every rule.For instance, you're straight, but also suck cocks.
at one of australia's top universitiesnobody is impressed. it's australia ffs, the dean of your uni is probably a dingo farmer
well actually im not straight but yes i do suck cocks thank you very much
Fag
How do you live knowing Julian Assange is the only important Australian today?
le right genrashunle poptimismle kendrick lamar is better than dantele ayy lmaole black twitter memesle taytayle emojisle tumblrle BNMle hiphopheadsle dank memesle DAE think the beatles are overrated?
implying Julian Assange is important
well actually there are lots of other important australians thank you very much.for instanse joel creasey
implying Wikileaks isn'tLel
Joel creaseysome no name comedianimportantxd
Sorry you didn't understand the book, better luck next time.
Tru xD
Give a kid one of the great booksdon't be afraid taht it might be too hard to understand. The book has secrets to uncover, it's so much greater than the other books, it's hard to comprehend, it's a challenge.Kids want to be smart. they'll work through it.Give a kid like harry potter and it'll just learn that books are just a boring version of tv.give kids good books, no matter whether fiction or non-fiction. Don't waste their time with poplit.Short: I agree with that assessment.I read archeology books. A kid can be entertained by almost anything, why not give them something that might have an effect on lifestyle.I studied CS and Economics. Found work. And yet I decided to study History later. I truly enjoyed it and while History isn't my main income, I do get some shekels here and there through it. most importantly I have found something I love. No one in my family was a humanist, they were all either inclined to wards business or science. Books are a powerful medium to create an interest out of nothing. because it forces you to focus on it. It compels you to think about it.

Don't forget: even those who do the humanities are wasted. It's taught horriblypic related from /ic/ on a similar topicI'm afraid of what the world might become.It radicalizes me towards the political "right". And I loved liberalism. Read the thinkers, the ideals, the history of muh freedumbs. I still believe the liberal ideas are the more worthy ones to work towards, but reality shows that civilization needs to be lead by a leash.If I'm not going full blown fascist in the next few years I'll probably become a neo-primitivist hippie instead.It's weird how I can even feel so awful about something so intangible. I just wanted to enjoy books, philosophy, cultures and history and it opened a rabbit hole. I just wanted a simple office job and a small family.And then came the realization: Spengler. was. right.
forgot the pic
I remember when Bloom was asked about readers moving from HP to real literature, he said that they should probably avoid HP in the first place for the sake of the limited time we have to read. If you want to know what books he thinks are good for children, here you go:
Can't unsee.
What the fuck, Rand was right
readayy lmao. that speed is literally, physically, mentally impossible. if you are 'reading' that fast, you are not reading at all. 50 page an hour with ~95% comprehension is what you should be aiming for
muh failed idealismbeyond pathetic
That's what he claims.
this particular artstyle needs to be revived because I need it for business reasonsAnyone who thinks this counts as a valid cultural critique has just earned themselves pleb status for life.
Part of the problem with the old man's argument is that he is completely out of touch with societyI'd say the problem is society not that old man.
You read a book published to the masses and was meant for children, perhaps teenagers as it went along.What the fuck did you expect?
I thought that appreciating the Beatles was a fundamental part of poptimism
rhetorics detected
then you're a clueless retard
go on
There's plenty of not shit children's books. Look at his Stories and Poems for Extremely Intelligent Children of All Ages book.
muh philosophy
So if children are to individuate themselves, they will not do it by watching television, or by playing video games, or by listening to rock, or by watching rock videos. They will individuate themselves by being alone with a book, by being alone with the poetry of William Blake or A. E. Housman, or being alone with Norse mythology or The Wind in the Willows.le wrong generation as fuck
Sorry we don't give a shit about your faggot stone here
Austrian economicsmainstreamDo you live in a bubble?
Go back to reddit if you want to spout memes you anime watching faggotHe's right, people are influenced by the media that they consume. You're an idiot if you disagree.
You forgot the "for the masses" part. Actually, in hindsight, that's mostly the reason one shouldn't expect quality from this book. Simple fact that something this large is at some point hitting right with the lowest common denominator.
That doesn't mean that "individuation" is only something that happens to children who read Bloom's favorite authors. Tons of children grow up listening to rock music like Bob Dylan or Sonic Youth and are exposed to interesting ideas or become creative musicians. Or get interested in politics, science, screenwriting or cinematography through television. Or learn problem-solving skills and get interested in computer science through video games. Cultivating taste in fine literature isn't the sole mark of a good or interesting personit's fine if he wants to compare YA trash and stuff to the quality of the western canon, but his opposition to other creative activities and forms of entertainment is conservative and shortsighted
Oh God, here we go with the "video games are a legitimate pass time" argument again
I'm not even arguing that, you cuntwe're talking about "individuation" here
Exactly! People think better of a person who reads Yun Grin and other shitty YA than a pro gamer who makes thousands a month just for playing. Ere's no difference between watching one of those retarded shows from Disney channel or reading some crap like peiper tawns
And he was quite right. He was not being ironic. When you read "Harry Potter" you are, in fact, trained to read Stephen King.This actually made me laugh like a fucking lunatic.
I had a professor who was a very early student of Bloom's and claimed the 1000 pages an hour was a myth but that he did read exceptionally fast.
this is not an argument. I play Proteus
how is proteus? i have eidolon, but realize they look somewhat alike.
He skims, which is why he has nothing interesting to say about any of the books he has supposedly read. He's a fraud.
forgetting Grandpa Fritzl
Not today, but in the US I think there has always been a de facto aristocracy made up of the rich; however, today, like you said, the rich are only distinguishable from the poor by their ability to consume more. It's a shame, isn't it? But I do think, that in these, aristocracy is becoming more than a state of mind, and not one of ones background or wealth.
what's this about Spengler and Rand being right?I don't know that much and am uneducated in this area
You seem very butthurt for a guy who's simply answering to the obvious. I'm studying in uni, I'll perhaps be part of academia in a few years, and if not I will at least have been trained by academia. I'm not making the "hurr college useless" argument. I'm arguing that specifically, academic literary criticism has grown irrelevant over the past decades. It's not only that literature is now competing with several othe media, but that those media also considerably opened the arena for criticism. Now a widely read critic of books needn't be and in all likelihood won't be a Yale scholar, but a blogger/youtuber with quality realisation and interesting/funny/maintstream enough opinions. And in all fairness, even a century ago the most popular, influential, and in some cases the most insightful critics weren't academic. Baudelaire wasn't an academically trained art critic and neither was Sainte-Beuve -literally who ? Bloom in 20 years, he was much closer to a well-educated and highly intelligent amateur. Likewise, even the most studied critic that write for magazines nowadays aren't full-blown scholars even when they have a somewhat scholarly background.So what is left for the literary academia ? Criticism ? That belong to a variety of people, as I've said above. Advice to political leader and CEOs ? Some academics do it, but they ain't working in the literature department oàr doing academic literary criticism. Teaching people in a way that will matter to the course of the general society ? That's still the role of teachers, or college professors but again those who have impact on the way our society functions aren't in the literature department. Academia stuff like historical research ? Yes, and that can potentially yield valuable insight, but most people, including those who read, and even a sizeable chunk of those who prefer "high-brow" stuff, don't care about. And most importantly, those who run this world the CEOs, the president but also the innovators, the workers, engineers, media pundits, news commentators, criminals, activists, artists and popular entertainers, the average consumer, the average angry non-consuming poorfag, etc. don't care about it. Literary academia is so irrelevant that one of the most learned academic in history can do no better to garner attention than publish polemic books where he shits on popular YA and makes meme-lists of great authors. Let that sink in: most of Bloom's relevance comes from achieving semi-meme status on a varuety of media venues. So yes, as intellectually important as this particular brand of academia might look to you, it's not relevant in most senses of the word.Furthermore, you could ask yourself what's Bloom actual contribution to the field of literary criticism, but that's would be a bit besides the point.
I think there's something to be said for the cheeseburgers and Beatles of literature. two things are popular entertainment therefore they are comparable in quality, originality and influenceYou need to be careful with the examples you pick, and with the analogies you make.
"refuting" literary analysis that is grounded on neither facts nor formal logic and doesn't pretend to beMaking an interesting case against something is not quite refuting.Alsorefuting the freudian analysis of Hamletimportant and original contributionnot nearly as much as you seem to think.Bloom is an old patrician speedreader, and as a consequence also a good provider of patrician recs. Not so much beyond that.
When you read "Harry Potter" you are, in fact, trained to read Stephen King.oh, man! sick!
Pop culture has always been like that and always will beNo it hasn't. I hate to be that "le wrong generation" guy, but in terms of music at least the variety, quality, and political relevance has demonstrably degraded in recent history. Literature may be harder to measure, but it's still gone down the poop-chute.Same with educational quality. It's no surprise that homeschooled/unschooled kids score in the top 75% percentile in tests, despite generally spending much less time practicing for them. To restate that, it's been statistically demonstrated that no education is BETTER than what kids are being put through now. People are being, perhaps unintentionally, systematically dumbed down by the system in order to be better consumers.Instead of appealing to an unverifiable relativity which is always taken at face value, we should be up in arms about what's going on in our society. Forget Sandy Hook, the real tragedy is what happens in the uninterrupted daily lives of students across the world.
bump
Students in the USeducation is diluted horseshitThe US has 5% of the world's population and 14 of its top 20 universities.diluted horseshitOh, my sides. Stay golden, star child.
literally the only reason you think that is because1 you're dum2 history only remembers great works
no, it's because there is a cultural industry made up for filling with the same bullshit in different packages.
The second one obviously.tfw you'll never live in a world where La philosophie dans le boudoir is the cornerstone of sex education, Rousseau of civil thought, and Calasso spiritualityCapitalism would collapse overnight and be replaced by enlightened noble savages having orgies all the time, while perhaps occasionally raiding weaker countries for NEETbux. I literally can't think of a single downside.
Did plebs in the past complain about pleb media like they do now?
Your stats needs a little bit of work, though. Test scores of home-schooled children vs. regularly schooled children wouldn't have a random distribution because parents of much higher formal education and intelligence are significantly more likely to home-school their children, meaning it wouldn't be difficult to draw conclusions comparing their test scores. tldr?; correlation isn't causationSecondly, if you're using the term "unschooled" kids, you'd by definition have to include kids who are truant, which I assure you do not score in the top 75% percentile. To restate that, it's been statistically demonstrated that no educationno educationthat's your problem right there, home-school is an education.You're generalizing across several mediums as well. If we're going to discuss public education, I might suggest you address rising literacy rates and near-annual readjusting of IQ metrics for the increasingly high-scoring public.Your notion of public education catering to the dumb children and holding back all the brilliant ones has been happening all along, but has only been brought to your attention recently because of media. American public schools are devoting extra resources to advanced students more now than ever. I agree with the sentiment, though.
you tell us
you are naive and a lazy thinker
What an ignorant post. Latching on to one interchangeable, probably completely accidental, word and then making a sweeping generalization; you're surely one to speak of proper analysis.
Bitch, if you had any sort of sensibilities you would know that this is a big decline on the the reading selection. You don't compromise. You go forward. Everybody else is going back.
You refute the claim of his prose being piss-poor with 'you didn't understand the book'? Marvellous. I can only wish I was as enlightened as you, finding aesthetics in vomit. I understand Wittgenstein, Hegel, Proust, Remarque, any classic really, but magnificent little Wallace who only speaks in platitudes and cliches has escaped me completely. The horror.'Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.''You will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do.''Try to learn to let what is unfair teach you.'Jesus christ, it's a walking talking self help book. Again, nothing against the poor man personally, but any insight he ever had was blatantly obvious and expressed in an insincere parroting manner. No voice or essence, not a writer. Bloom is right if anyone with half a brain sees merit in it.
mfw I've had 50 pages an hour with 95% comprehension since age 14. gtfo low iq fags, you're wasting your time
Old thread's about to archive.New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
What SF/F books are you currently reading?Against a dark backgroundWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Consider PhlebasWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Banks/BaxterRecent purchases?pic relatedUpcoming releases you're excited for?The Long UtopiaWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Space OperaWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?It was all a dream
I was researching the fantasy genre, specifically High and Low fantasy and came across this from wiki.Critical interpretationsFantasy fiction that acknowledges the real world, low fantasy and portal fantasy, are especially attractive to those who are marginalised by society, particularly female writers[original research?].are there really a lot of female writers that do Low fantasy? It's so sad to hear that female writers are at such a disadvantage in society today.
Continuing random conversation from last thread:Long Sun is the Iliad, Short Sun is the Odyssey.
I especially had never considered Long Sun as similar to the Iliad, though I have seen the Short Sun Odyssey comparisons at least once before. I'll have to give this some thought.Is Silk the analogue to Achilles? And if so, who would be Agamemnon? If we take the real conflict of the Iliad as between Agamemnon and Achilles, does that also fit in with the narrative of Long Sun? Have you read The God and His Man? I think one of the goals of Long Sun is similar to that, in that it explores several ways of government and society before settling upon the same crux that Master Malrubius's teachings rest upon: that the only allegiance worth having is to a higher being. It's been a few years since I've read the Iliad and the Odyssey though so I could be staring this answers right in the face or something. Strangely enough I was planning on rereading the Iliad in a few days, so I might as well just read them both again.
I wouldn't say Achilles vs Agamemnon was the central conflict; it was mainly the 'Rage' of Achilles His beef with Agamemnon was part of it however But that was just what Homer used for his commentary of the idea of Heroism and Honour.
As I was writing it I had some doubts over how central it actually is. I suppose I meant more that the heroism/honor conflict could be viewed most succinctly in the differences between the two characters, that they sort of summarize the whole affair in a way that I can't view the conflict of Long Sun through.I'll probably elaborate some more on it later, after waking up, because I think the different stages that occur throughout the four Long Sun volumes can be matched up at least superficially with many of the usual trappings Wolfe employs.
I spent 10 dollars buying the Kindle version of Starfish just to see its downloadable for free on the author's website. I feel pretty dumb tbh
Cosmerefag reporting in.non-genre booksBut what about hard sci-fi stories from an established author who has a doctorate in Astrophysics?
loves fantasy lurked in the last 2 threads from beginning to endOP starts this thread with leper R DonaldsonFuck off with that book.
Just finished the dune seriesthe last 2-3 books were rather underwhelming I was considering starting the foundation series soon, but might step away from sf/f books for a while and catch up on some essential lit/meme core
Is there anything like it at all? Really dug the whole 'iron-age thousands of years after the end' thing it had going. Don't really care about plot or action, just want something that elaborates on how societies have developed over time.
I'm a huge fan of Greg Egan, he's written the hardest sci-fi I've ever read. Clockwork Rocket, Schild's Ladder or Incandescence are probably up your alley.Wikipedia say's he's got a B Science in Mathematics, so take that as you will.
Nothing compares to RW. I got a bit of a fix reading Clockwork Orange and Trainspotting but that was just for the interesting uses of language.
Book of Dave is kinda similar in the vaguest sense.
The Wake by Paul Kingsnorth has similar phoentic, "slang"-heavy prose. Just finished it the other day, I'd recommend it even if it's a bit dull at times.
Please switch up the questions each thread OP. The first question is really the only one worth keeping every time.
What's the best modern sci fi you have read? Written in the last ten years as an example.I went through the picture in the op and most under the modern catagory are still quite old.
Tough one. I'd say probably Windup Girl, it's not the best sci-fi I've ever read but most of the stuff I read is from 1990.
Are the Black Company books any good?
it was all a dreamUsed to read sword-up magazine?
Could anyone recommend me some really hard sci-fi? I like Clarke a lot but I'm looking for something more sciencey
Yeah, I'm trying to find good sci fi that's recent but i'm struggling. Most of it sounds really boring.
I was asking that anon's opinion on authors who fit the criteria I listed. Sorry if it was confusing.
Does anyone know of any fantasy series with elves and dwarves and all that generic shit but told from the perspective of like an elf that isnt one of those fucking tree huggers that hangs out with humans and isn't spewing poetry every second. Or some dwarf that doesn't dig and live in a mine.
Morgan and Gawain up at the round table?
Now Lancelot and Gawain are both fucking my queen?
Death Gate Cycle has elves and I think dwarves that don't conform to standard stereotypes but they don't exactly have perspectives in the context that I believe you want.Regardless, it's a fucking good series.

Anyone? I'm thinking about buying them
They're excellent. Get the omnibuses.
So, did i do good /lit/?
eww
What's your favorite sci-fi of the last five years or so? Anything mind-blowing come out? Additions or starts to big series?
save yourself the time, the black company is shitno
Best adventure/S&S books with a female protagonist?
i just read asimov's Caves of Steel and The Naked Sun and i was wondering if anyone had read the rest of the books in the series? it's just that after reading both those 2 they were essentially the same book and i'd rather go for something different. maybe the original robot shorts?
Under rated post super Nintendo Sega genesis.
Just about to finish up with Bolo!. Once that's out of the way I'm gonna go raid the local bookstore and see if I can find The Fall of Hyperion.
What is bolo? I've heard about an old computer game...
Bolo! is a collection of novellas about the titular Bolos, which are sentient battle tanks.They're surprisingly heartfelt for stories about giant, futuristic tanks.
none of Peter Watts' works are in the sci fi recommendation listAt the very least Blindsight should be on, if not that and Starfish.
Hey General, what are some fantasy stories where a pretender to the throne of a kingdom has to be kicked off by the rightful heir? I'm sure there are tons, but don't know any titles.
well there's always that series written by that fat man in the suspendersan amusement of chairs or something i think
Not really what I had in mind. I'm looking for the sort of stories that would've inspired that.
i like books like enders game and lord of the ringsany advice on what i should read next?
Check out the NASA trilogy by Baxter, it can be read in any order. If you like geology start with moonseed.
I really liked dune but am not liking its sequel so far. Should I continue or read something else? If so, what?
Yes, you should read them.
Opinions on Kevin J. Anderson?
Reading Liveship at the moment and just waiting for it to end. It's not bad, but I'm only reading it as a gateway from Farseer to Tawny Man.I've got three sci-fi books sitting on my shelf after I finish. Which one?Canticle for LeibowitzThe DispossessedLord of Light
Altered Carbon by Richard Morgan and, if you like it, the next two Kovacs booksBrasyl by Ian McDonaldAlso:The Gone-Away World by Nick Harkaway is one of my favourite novels.Haven't read Weeks but his shit always looks awfully entry-level to me. Like the kind of thing you would read before even Jordan or Sanderson.Liked God's War by Kameron Hurley, have yet to read the others in the series.The Half-Made World by Felix GilmanMost high fantasy novels ever. But specifically:Farseer Trilogy by Robin HobbHalf a King by Joe AbercrombieLyonesse by Jack Vance had this, I thinkThe Long Prince Quarter by Daniel Abraham had something along those linesI preferred Liveships to the Fitz books all up. Good work reading them in order, I read Tawny Man before it and there's a major fucking spoiler in there.Lord of Light.
Canticle For Leibowitz was a great read
Farseer TrilogyThose are those books with the kid named Fitz that has everything bad that could possibly happen to him, happen, right?I liked the worldbuilding but holy shit when all that awful stuff happened and they got to the third book and he was hit with a double whammy of the magic tea he'd been drinking had completely stunted his magic and the bit where his dog-partner shows up and all his friends stare at him like he's a monster I was just like "holy shit does the author have a fetish for this?"
What SF/F books are you currently readingCurrently reading The Iron Council by China Mieville. His political interests obviously left a huge mark in his writing with this book. It's alright so far, but no Perdido Street Station or The Scar yet. I'm guessing it'll explode near the end though and rank up there with the rest.What SF/F books have you read this year?Memories of Ice - Steven EriksonTime of Contempt and Baptism of Fire - Andrzej SapzowskiAbaddon's Gate - James SA CoreyThe Last Command - Timothy ZahnThe Lord of the RingsWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Glen Cook for getting me into the Fantasy genre.Steven Erikson for firmly keeping me there.Recent purchases?Nothing lately, but once I'm finished with Iron Council I'm re-reading The Black Company Chronicles and Books of the South, then getting the last two Black Company omnibuses.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Got nothing so far.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Military fantasy and non-traditional fantasy.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Too pleb to answer this.
I never read Sci-Fi, but picked up Snow Crash and am getting it started. I'm really loving the prose. Am I doing it right?
What SF/F books are you currently readingJonathan Strange and Mr. NorrellWhat SF/F books have you read this year?None.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Roger Zelazny, Isaac Asimov, Joe Abercrombie, GRRMRecent purchases?None.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Queen of Fire by Anthony RyanWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?For SF I really like far flung future stuff like The Last Question by Asimov or For A Breath I Tarry by Roger Zelazny, for fantasy I'm down for anything.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Monty Python and the Holy Grail
What are the best books by Fritz Leiber? and other similar books with thieves and stuff like that?
Is Mirrorshades worth reading or is it fedoracore?
Never read this but "Sentences of Death by John BrunnerThe Face of Chaos by Lynn AbbeyThe Gate of the Flying Knives by Poul AndersonShadowspawn by Andrew OffuttThe Price Of Doing Business by Robert AsprinBlood Brothers by Joe HaldemanMyrtis by Christine DeWeesThe Secret of the Blue Star by Marion Zimmer Bradley""Joe Haldeman"I think you should give it a try
Yep, that one.Yeah Snow Crash is good stuff.The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch.
Thanks, i already read it and really liked, dunno if i will read the sequels cause everyone is saying they're not as good as the first and i already have a lot of things to read.
Yes
I read the 2nd and was unimpressed. Well, the stuff in the city was good but the stuff at sea was shit. Heard worse things about the 3rd.
eh, it's a pity, the first one was really funny and i loved all the character and setting.
Eh, you may enjoy the second. As I said there's some great "heist" type stuff in the city half of the book, but there's a whole sea excursion which takes up the middle of the books with two annoying as fuck strong women stereotype characters who did my fucking head in.
Self-bump for you niggas who are interested in recent hard sci-fi, or we could even discuss it for the few of you who have read them.
I'm currently reading Shadow of the Torturer, enjoying it a lot mainly for the atmosphere but was Wolfe by any chance influenced by Meryvyn Peak? The descriptions of the castles, how bleak everything is and how ritual focused people are remind me so much of Gormenghast.
it's possible.but the descriptions of castles and the rituals all serve another purpose as well.
Wouldn't surprise me if Wolfe had a little bit of Peake in his writing, but far as I can twll his biggest influences are Jack Vance the setting Proust nature of memory amd Borgeshow one interprets myth
Not that anon but what are the best books by Vance and Borges?
I've only read Labyrinths but I thought it was pretty good, I occasionally re-read some of the stories in there quite often, no idea about Vance, I was interested in buying Tales of the Dying Earth myself.
tales of the dying earth by vance and collected fictions of borges
Would you guys recommend the Dangerous Visions anthology?
yeah it has a lot of good stuff in it
What are some good books around robots?I want a good book about a robot.
have you read anything by isaac asimov?
I read the first three Foundation books, but I heard the final book is a trainwreck.
Lyonesse by vance and Ficciones by Borges
read Tawny man firstwhat the fuck is wrong with you?
...but...like...why'd he turn into a bug?
Industrialism
bug is ickykafka was ickythe bug is kafka
Shhh-shhh-shhh....Don't ask what cannot be answered. It will drive people mad
plot device? would the novel be the same if it were more realism and he broke his legs or something?The zeitgeist of the time was modernism.
whyWhy why?
why was he a human in the first place. why did gregor exist or have a job. riddle me thatactually though its capitalism
I think Russians just have a particular distaste for bugs. I'm sure if it were written in bingbongistan he would have transformed into a cup of stale tea or whatever.
Best Metamorphosis cover
he was the definitive involuntary neet who society eventually overcame, i cry everytime
because the story of gregor turning into a roach was good representation of what an alienated person feels like. 12th grade shit bro. if you weren't on your 12th grade shit in 10th then u lackin'
Man I fucking suck at being an intellectual. What am I even doing? I hate Homer! God, this is so boring! I can't read Latin but I have to constantly pretend I do. Fuck, my life is a lie.Ugh, what's this, another stupid intellectual book. Probably has a thousand references to dead poets I won't get. I just want to do morphine. "Kafka". What a stupid name. DURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR I'M A BUG ISN'T THAT CRAZY XDDDDDDD I don't think this book references anything. I can't find anything. It's just weird. Why is it so weird?It's short too.Hey, maybe if I pretend it's really good, and full of hidden things that only I get, I won't have to pretend to like all those ACTUAL things in stuffy aristocratic literature. HEY GUYS! DID YOU KNOW THE TRIAL IS AN ALLEGORY FOR THE EXISTENTIAL ENNUI OF BUZZWORDS? I GET IT! STOP READING THAT PLUTARCH, THIS IS MUCH MORE IMPORTANT, AND MUCH DEEPER! IT'S SO DEEP YOU CAN'T EVEN GET IT! BUT I GET IT.that feel when literature is dead
Speaking about not getting the point at all.DFWOh, now I understand.
kafka had an irrational fear of being "hideous" or "repulsive" to other people. He looked like a sickly kid as an adult so that might have contributed to it.
It's a metaphor ;*puts cig in mouth
He seemed pretty calm about it too, he was all like oh i'm a bug nowI think i'll go nap for a bit and then go to work
zeitgeist of the timeCan this please be a meme?
Done. :^
kafka's symbolism can be boiled down to jewish neuroticism
Because it makes for a good story.
That movie is such a cancer. If it is more popular, it would be a fetish of english teachers everywhere.
hating on coen bros kill urself my man
KafkaRussian
In English the story's more or less about a man who selflessly wants to pour out his effort into his family and in return is used up and discarded in return. None of this is very hard to understand.
I don't hate on Coen brothers. Just this one particular movie, because it is such a pretentious empty arthouse bullshit.
also why did his dad try to kill him by throwing apples at him
It's not arthouse and it's not pretentious The film is mocking pretentious people
he feelus da apple there to get him but it there onli from dad frustrating ya dig
wat
it is such a pretentious empty arthouse bullshit.Watch it again. The film is unforgivingly cruel to Barton Fink, but it is super-subtle. The film seems on first viewing to depict Barton as the only smartie in a sea of dumbos, and also the only one with real work to do. There are very tiny touches that show he's actually arrogant, talentless, and doesn't listen to anyone so understands very little. It's not a celebration of the promising, young author. It's a condemnation of idealistic clowns with more airs than actual talent. It puts egg on the faces of wannabe writers much like Confederacy of Dunces does, even if it's far more masked in doing so.One of my favorites from the Coens, if not the favorite.
Just because it mocks pretentiousness doesn't mean it's not pretentious itself. I found nothing valuable to take from the movie, and when I went to look up some of the interpretations on the web, I was quite frankly disgusted. E.g. someone wrote that the figure of Jack Lipnick was supposed to be a complex allegory to fascism. I mean, what the fuck? Yeah, of course, this here character was resemblent of a fascist dictator, but what's the value in that? How does it relate to the plot of the movie? What are you going to take from it once the movie's over? How is it not just the most basic, pretentious way of giving the flick some pseudo-intellectual tinge so later pretentious dipshits can go around, bragging about how deep it is?
You're exactly the sort of person I was writing about in here 
My translation said 'vermin.' I thought he was a giant rat?
brodid u even read itrats dont have many legs and an armored back and cant climb on ceilings and wallsand the charwoman calls him a dung beetlethere is no way you could freaking think he was a rat
You don't kafka yell at me.
literally the title
i still want an answer to this
the pretentious delivery is a meta reference to the protagonist's outlook on life Birdman did the same thingand there WERE allegories to fascism in the film: the italian and german police officers questioning and mocking Barton a jew
Yeah, you're right. You just convinced me the movie is terrible. Man, you're the only smartie in a sea of dumbos.
Okay. Whatever. Just tell me man, what do you get out of watching that movie?Also Birdman is utter shit too, by my two cents.It really seems that way, doesn't it?
Kafkanot goodPleb
Also Birdman is utter shit too It sounds like you're afraid of the fact that maybe you're self absorbed and pretentious
Could be. However, could you please tell me what exactly does that have to do with me not liking the movie? Or rather, what's there to like about it?
zeitgeist of the timeA TAUTOLOGY MY FRIEND YES WORDS ARE SUCH TRICKY THINGS THEY SLIP THROUGH OUR LIPS LIKE WATER THROUGH OUR HANDS YES MY FRIEND SO CURIOUS THEY ARE SO DEVILISH HOW I LAUGH AND HOWL TOWARD THE MOON READING THIS IN THE DARK OF MY CAVE
A-are you a Weaver?
A WEAVER OF DREAMS PERHAPS YES MY FRIEND PERHAPS A DREAMER OF WEAVES BUT ARE WE NOT ALL HERE FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS, AUTHORS AND BROTHERS, SPINNING A YARN AND SPITTING A TALE TO BE STITCHING TOGETHER A QUILT OF OUR QUARRIES OH HOW MY CACKLES ECHO OF THE WALLS OF THE CAVE MY FRIEND
What I don't get is where did the apple get stuck on his body? Do roaches have a soft spot in the middle of their back?
I just figured if you scale up chitin it'll be more fragile so an apple could conceivably break it and get stuck.
this is pretty good tbh. weave on, friend. spin the dreamweb or whatever. what the fuck did those disembodied left and right hands have to do with the rest of that book btw
I once read a post on here where someone said they honestly wish that Kafka had lived to experience the holocaust because of what he would write about it. and in answer to your question, OP, shit happens.
You three are autistic arent you...
you are such a mongoloid
Nah, I'm just not used to big ass bugs
Maybe he was a superrat?
it's about homosexuality obviously
They're valid questions and if you think otherwise you're an ignant fuck
I read somewhere that it had to do something with mental sickness. The way he described the character was the same way that psychologist at the time would describe their patients
Well,i think it's meant to show how irrelevant he was for the rest of his family,he was only seen as the guy who brought in money and no one notices his transformation.Think about the title ,,metamorphosis" implies a slow transformation,indirectly it implies that he had been slowly turning into a bug yet noone noticed/cared until it was complete
Turkish one is also pretty good.
it captured the feeling of alienation pretty well. nothing is disgusting yet inconsequential the same way an insect is. any other interpretation is reading too deep I think
what is this meme
Sounds like a pretty reasonable concern tbh.
go to bed REI
Fuck you REI your blog a shit!
You're hopeless
i'm definitely missing somethingwhat is the weaver
No other book has caused so much impotent rage in me
it's a character in Perdido Street Station that talks like that
This thread
Kafka wasn't russian
No reason needed, it just happened. Part of the point, methinks.
Basically, alienation. Caused, ultimately, by capitalism. ¿What is that guy if not someone selling his labour in exchange for a salary? And that life style makes him numb, like it happens to a lot of people.
because bugs are fucking gross and kafka was writing a story about a guy who everyone thought was gross
Franz Kafka - Us
Pleb detected. Sometimes it really is the case that you're just a pleb.
tfw there are still people who consider themselves smart and haven't the faintest notion of body armoring in a bioenergetic sense
i know, right? ifeelyoubro.jpg
why not ?
"In Kafka’s correspondence with his publisher, he was adamant that the “insect” Insekt not be depicted on the jacket of the book."faggot
 He thought back on his family with deep emotion and love. His conviction that he would have to disappear was, if possible, even firmer than his sister's.Poor kafka-bug.
To all the people who make Kafka out to be a sad sack which you could I guess going by his diaries: how do you explain Kafka laughing as he would read these supposed stories of pain and alienation.
What a nice way to lead to discourse. Instead of seeking to educate me, the questioning ignorant pariah, you're just satisfied with calling me a pleb and affirming your sense of superiority.I don't consider myself a pleb. I like movies by Terrence Mallick, since they are very moving and actually have deep spirituo-phillosophical themes although most people don't get to find them - e.g. for Tree of Life, I only read one proper analysis by a some analytical psychologist, which discovered the themes which were to me most obvious - the others are usually just grasping at straws. I think this vague conceptualism, that's displayed in Barton Fink and Birdman is the cancer of art. The pieces don't seek to explore, to contemplate,to reveal, or anything - they just cultivate an atmosphere of fake intellectualism, which then snobby pseudo-intellectuals identify themselves with. They love the bizzare empty novelty and the fact that there's no discernible ideas in the piece, because then their position cannot be attacked since there's no visible argument to go against. "If you don't like it, you don't get it." I'm sick of you people, seriously.
I'm neither of those guys, but I think Tree of Life and Birdman are crap, for whatever it's worth.I like Barton Fink because it's hilarious. The fact that you can't even tell whether or not the entire idea of a "wrestling picture" is made up or you're supposed to believe it's really a genre of movie is amazing. I like Kafka because Kafka's hilarious too. It's hard to explain humor, but I think pretty much everybody who likes the Coen Bros and Kafka finds them funny.
I just like that it's a brain
BirdmanBut that was shit.
who is that semen demon
What happened to this guy? Did you guys enjoy his articles?thelastpsychiatrist.com
Alone has already said everything he needs to, and he knows it. The burden is on you to change your life. If you don't do anything, what good are his articles to you besides entertainment?Please see "Can Narcissism Be Cured?"
I understand that he had a hard on for narcissism, but what I found more fascinating was his dissection of media dove beauty sketches, Randy Zuckerberg, etc.. Sure, they usually ended up in the same spot we're all narcissists!, but the process was fun and interesting. It seemed to me he had a unique insight.
this is true enough, but it's also true that his real identity was revealed and it made him uncomfortable, so that might be part of why he stopped
He says some interesting things, but his obsession with "narcissism" is garbage; his definition of narcissism is such that a diagnosis of narcissism isn't falsifiable.
This  what about his twitter account?
I also have that same obesession with narcissism after reading him. I interpret everything in terms of narcissism and always analyze myself to make sure I'm not a narcissist.
He's a retarded hack
You realize that's literally a spook, right?
ayyyy
spookDID SOMEBODY SAYS P O O K SPOOKS
loved his shit but last i checked he hasnt written anything in months.
So he's just calling out bullshit in the modern world?
OP, just wanted to say thanks for sharing this. I've never heard of this guy until now and I've spent the last five hours reading through his blog posts. This guys's great.
OP here,I found him through /lit/ as well and had a similar experience. I first found him around when he wrote his most recent post and have checked back periodically since, but sadly it seems he's gone.
be me, 20 year old NEET, living with grandmagrandma is a retired copy editorgrandma's best friend is a relative of a founding member of Farrar Strauss publicationshave first editions of everything 20th century fictionget literal box of mint condition hardcovers once a weeknot even one of you wanna be pretentious faggots, just happened into literary nirvanaare you jealous /lit/?
currently reading
No, good for you. Enjoy all those fine books and charish this fine blessing that has been bestowed upon you.faggot
Muh library
20 year old NEET, living with grandmaare you jealous /lit/?Hahahaha. Hahahaha.Nope.
Instead of talking about the content of books, let's talk about the material form of books!Thread hidden
thisalso, you can download all these books for free so you really have no advantage over anyone with a kindle
being this normal
I get free books from the library and online. same deal
implying you wouldn't want to have first edition of england have my bones given to you upon grandmother's death.
lol look at these anons pretending like first editions are beneath them. op isn't a reader so who even cares about this pleb but lol at you emotion catching fags going full denial like first editions aren't shit hahaha
not a readerkek
No, I am jealous of other people who have much better things than you have.
Only since the other is at the brink of getting purged, yet leaving so many works without proper critique.I'll begin with my collection.an excerpt of a piece I'm giving more serious attention to, its abstractness precludes me from finding any good material to follow from.it is with a strengthening envy alongi trip the axis in celestial danceand point heavenwards where bellowed longmy thunder, filling sky's expanse.to a wilderness that's me and once belongdo from which i'm divine selectdawdle, in return for defeating songthen sit to pour from old spirits.an outline serene, pierced this dimming phase.your spectre, in past reflection grows.all striking resemblance but shrouding hazein which no fashion worse could pose.Should I just leave it out altogether? Also, all serious submissions are accepted, please don't leave anything unattended.
A New Age is BornStick it up your fucking arse,you don't know shit,your fucking time is past.Shot out of your mother's clit,they should've fucking killed you thenyou ugly sweat-stained bullshit artist.You're a ponce, you like to suck of menand stretch the place that should be farting.'You only get Aids if you're gay',my dad said, he knew his shit:he drunk ten cans of beer a day,he really made the most of it.So no more writing about how youlike to think about pink flowers and othergay shit like a cow's fucking moo,a cow is a cow and a whore is your motherwho squirted out your worthless bodyriddled with stupid bollocks about nature.You'll never write enough for an audibecuase you're a big fat fucking faker.
I liked the imagery in your second one :3That's not even in any sort of meter.Hexadexaiambically fucked up.
Fuck off.
Cautullus, is that you?I'm not feeling this m80. It's too literal and shock-based. There's nothing wrong with vulgarity in poetry but this isn't even poetic. I'm kind of cautious about critiquing because you sound bitter as fuck.
I hide I sleep ehMay I die I stop thinking Shame pours overRemorse infiltratesHate grows within uhEscape is toKick the bucketScary ayePainful twitching Coward Living with hateSorrow beats me upSolution is toChange itScarier right?Hurts more not even bitching Sick of being a cowardDissect self, screaming fateVoice cracks upRepair egoEyes, founts of tearsFar away, life is seen
Don't give a shit what you think.Sorry that it is too classical for your damp poncey philosophising.
I'm not  but:Civility, man. We're not jumping you here. Seriously, what did you expect when you come to a critique thread, submit, only to drop bombs on everyone that dares near you? That's stupid, I'll tell you that upfront.
are you 12?
When the bandits have stolen your jewelry and goneAnd your crippled young gypsy, he's grown tall and strongAnd your dead misconceptions have proven you wrongWell then, princess, where you plannin' to turn to?When your magazine memory has spun you aroundAnd you realize your lovers were just painted clownsAnd outside your window you start hearing soundsWhere they're building a cross for to burn youWhen all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your teardrops go sour and no longer fallThe splash cross the virgin that lives down the hallAnd spends all her nights with an ear to your wallWell then, what will you have you can offer?When the firedancers finish and leave you aloneWith nothing but embers and sacks full of stoneThat hang 'round your neck, slicing through to the boneWill there still be a place for your laughter?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your shattered illusions come a-tumblin' homeAnd all of the butchers you've nourished have grownAnd they are suddenly able to leave you aloneAnd they run like slaves that are set freeWhen your questions are answered and your pleading is doneAnd your mind starts a-screaming that you ain't the oneThat once dwelled within you, will you turn, will you runBut princess, will you come home and get me?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?
Was the point of this to be as incongruous as possible? There is no specific meter or rhyme scheme. Moreover, your diction fails to convey any feelings or images at all.
I'm hard as nails.Niggger, yeah I went there.
am i a pleb if i like this
no specific meter or rhyme schemeliterally abab rhyme schemeAnon, please.
You think I give a fuck about the rules?Oh no, my poem about how gay most poetry is isn't gay enough, whatever shall I do?
The Locals Eat ChipotleAnd me, I’m no stranger to culms of bamboo.In bubbling cauldrons of hot pork chop stew.The cyanide, coconut, sweet pickled string stalks Are tumbling down streets where they don’t know the climate.Atlantic coast rock beaches native to pandas Where leopards and rice-field ratssleep at the wharf of Boothbay.Don’t go confusing home life with hotelsThings never do work out When we lie to ourselvesHow could a personstill live that way now? Turning limp cartwheelsin dried up canals.The spirits you slept on moved West after Wednesday And now all the paddies are next door to juice stands.Where forty years prior our ancestors just made itAnd half of me used to fly in plasticine steamships Your other side sometimes still overcooks the brothAll of the reverends you made into statues Are kind of at fault now for why they can’t move.Don’t you forget what old acronyms spellThings often don’t work when we lie to ourselvesAnd you, half your pride points are rooted in skin tone.So forty-five colors are all royal purpleWhile orange pulp and pajama robes falter towards laminateCard stock and flower headswallop propellor fins Slithering adjectives grope to your viscera Holinshed’s ospreys are fishing for contretemps Masked finfoots fulminate over your nakedness How could we get lost inside such minor acreage?Often when we sneak aroundThings don’t work out When we lie to ourselves

Arse, PastArtist, FartingBut anon, it doesn't stick to this; only the last three stanzas have abab.
A fair amount of well-regarded poets were rolling pussy in their day, I hope you realize that. Stupid question: is The Locals Eat Chipotle meant as an opening line or simply a title? It works both ways for the most part, I'm just curious about where you're intentions are.
It's eye rhyme, do you even read poetry?
tfw a dumb troll is getting more attention than anyone in this thread asking for a serious critique
Are you though?
His time is almost up. Please be understanding.
This.Everybody just ignore the troll and move on.
Fucking pussyholes.
All of the eye rhyme I've seen is normally more similar visually than "arse" and "past." "Artist" and "farting" is bit more obvious, but it is still a tad dissimilar.
I realize this sounds a bit archaic; I need to read more modern poetry. Working on that.What legion scales this narrow steepTo drive that monstrous brigand henceWho stole upon me sleeping sweetTo make my keep a bandit's tent?He rapes my stores, he drains my casks,Through drafty halls his croak resoundsHis hollow bark and crooked laughCommand a ring of slav’ring houndsEvacuate that sucking leech,He quaffs my blood from carnal vatsHe tyrannizes thought and speech,That bloody ulcer growing fatThat lucid air is sounding now,A music with a foreign bendIn golden rills it signals loud:The despot's rule come to an end
 song lyrics, disregard kolstiall need critique except those two i mentioned
kolstiSo it's copypasta?
Instead of telling others to critique, why don't you help the process along and do it yourself?
why is it necessary to read modern poetry? You can use modern words without reading modern poetry...
I'm sending all my words backto the people who need them--people who wear scars likewar trophies, like jewelry, likean identification for those sufferingfrom the same acceptance ofself-hate. this is to the peoplewho sleep with one eye open, whocry when footsteps enter their roomat night; this is to the girlswho love by cutting their heartsinto snowflakes and watchingthem melt. I left you behind andI can't be sorry for that.you are the type of beautifulthat kindly asks the worldto fuck off. the days we buriedhave decomposed, headstones aresnapshots; sanitized breakdowns,rusty tongues, sighs lacedwith fear, I love you, I loveyou. saturdays were the bestbecause we could sleep throughthe nightmare. you painted me apicture of the world with your wordsand they made us wash it awayfor being transparent.we were afraid of nothingbut the monsters in our eyelids.back then, we counted dayslike shooting stars; it took 67to wish myself away. thisis for you, skygazer; I keep youin my fingers because youslipped through the holes inmy heart.
My other works
some awful enveloped pentameter with iambs and anapests. I'm most interested in writing about digital life in edgy visual free verse but I have to practice actual metre and such first.The StreamI'll peddle excuses for you if promised notTo be forgotten. Please review my requests,My dearth of sentiment and soulless nestOf Consumables, packages, and detached plain thoughts.You've nothing left to feel, yet tastes must be formed.But have all seen my nail collection? They've droppedFrom my body, pained toes and cast-offs, pasted -- cropped.I'll bookmark and save, contribute greased and porned.Don't force it if it doesn't feel natural. The subject and images you've sought there wouldn't work otherwise.Hmm. Very expressive, that's for sure, but too oppressive and single minded for me - but it's plain to see that's what you're going for. Watch out for cliches "kick the bucket" and overwrought phrases "repair ego".
true but I take inspiration from older poetsby modern I don't mean modern words strictly, but modern forms
Today she was riding her bicycle to work, breathing in the ripe spring air, the sun flashing behind tall buildings.She was putting her jacket in her locker, hanging her helmet on the hook.She was reading emails, writing emails, deleting emails.She was walking to the café with her co-workers, carrying her red silicone cup, laughing.She was taking phone calls, making phone calls.She was taking a photo of her boss staring out the window, trying to think of a good caption.She was sitting in the courtyard, shaded by a small tree in new bloom, eating falafel and a sliced apple.She was straightening the things on her desk.She was twisting a small bunch of hair between her fingers as she held the cursor over 'Send'.She was reading a blog post written by someone funny, about a movie she hadn't seen yet.She was setting out next week's appointments and meetings in the diary.She was stepping out into the cool air, looking up to find an evening star.She was choosing a bunch of bananas from the display, tapping her thumb on the handle of her basket.She was brushing her shoes on the doormat, trying to fit the key into the lock with too little light.She was on the phone with a friend across the world, listening, smiling.I was sitting on the bus, thinking about her.Why can't I write happy poems, lit?
My mind did not even stir once reading all those words.
lol seems like you can't write good ones either
I've been writing poetry for a decade.I can barely manage to push myself to write nowadays, let alone focus if I initiateWhen I start reading something that resembles poetry now, my brain practically shuts off and I immediately begin scrolling. I used to love reading all sorts of poetry. I don't think I can enjoy it anymore.
song lyrics. critique always appreciatedPrince faced fox is racingSub-urb-stray some dog he's chasingCherub red crash-test car he's speedingStage read dead prince he's drama lovingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endFoxy street sleek sidewalk skippingFixed face fox prince is grinningPrince street dance like a child prancingSome torn up slum the prince fun lovingWake up prince he's never sleepingPrince midnight sleep he's always waitingDaytime prince dream he's walkingBacks of his eyes, matte black paradingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endPrince pretend genuine-ingPrince pretend genus defendingOut-lied fox genus never endingThey're para-dicing island skippingSnakebite prince throat chewingSnake throat choke he's writhingWatch him screeching, watch fox screechingSnake stuck prince throat he's screamingPeter Prince he's neverlandingPeter Prince and he's never endingRush ahead, his delta's comingAnd his black sea's staring, the prince is cryingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's end
I enjoyed this. You have great ideas.
Is this a meme?
There was no poignancy in her deathThe air was still and scentedOnly the somber efficiency of the pallbearers allowed for any sense of forward motionOnce lowered, we laugh-as tribute to another timeShe would not have liked that
Que muera la poesía en mi caja torácicaque ya no soporto el dolor al abrazarme tan fuerte a mi mismaEstabas allí antes de nacer, mucho antes Te veo difuminadoarrastrando tus extremidades hacía mi, aletargado¡qué dolor! cómo separarme, cómo impedirmeloEfusivamente necesito tu alientote quiero cálido e imperfecto, te quiero mudo con ojos de cocodriloquiero que los límites los ponga la gravedad, no el desazónequiparando el amor con el drama, siempre, que no se borran estos dolores de palabrasque no vesque no vestirsequé esculpido está el destino si uno confía en las maldicionestantas jodidas bromas infinitasconquisté para mi reino cada centímetro imprudentemente de tu cuerpo.
Bump
My time is swiftly rolling onWhen I must faint and die;My body to the dust returnAnd there fergotten lie.Let persecution rage aroundAnd Antichrist appear;My silent dust beneath the ground;There's no disturbance there.To call poor sinners to repentAnd seek their Savior dear.My brother preachers, boldly speakAnd stand on Zion's wall.Confirm the drunk, confirm the weakAnd after sinners call.My loving wife, my bosom friend,The object of my love,The time's been sweet l've spent with you,My sweet and harmless dove,My little children near my heartMy warm affections know.From each the path will I attend.O from them can I go?!O God, a father to them beAnd keep them from all harm,That they may love and worship TheeAnd dwell upon Thy charm.How often you have looked fer meAnd often seen me come.But now I must depart from theeAnd nevermore return.My loving wife, don't grieve fer me,Neither lament nor mourn;Fer I will with my Jesus beAnd dwell upon his charm.
I'm not a big fan of prose poetry, so I'm probably being prejudiced, but I didn't care for this too much. It's a bit too literal, and didn't have any striking imagery. I think this would work better as a prose piece.Like you yourself said, this is quite abstract. Unlike a lot of free verse that gets posted on /lit/, this has a pretty good rhythm. I'm not really sure what it's trying to convey, but I like how it sounds when read aloud.This has a very stilted rhythm, but I think for what it's conveying that works well. Can you explain the "eh" and "uh" bits? I'm not particularly fond of this, but I like that it manages to be stark and spare without being too edgy like a lot of depressing poetry.This has a bouncy rhythm that I like. Uses repetition well, too. I found it vaguely funny, not sure if that was intentional. Interesting word choices, like "magazine memory".A rare specimen of good free verse, best ITT.Lovely poem. Dope enjambment. Really like "the days we buried/have decomposed".And now for my paltry lines:Idle is a darkened mindIt wants to stray, but cannot findA thing to claim its fading dayIt finds no rest, as vapid wavesThroughout its lofty chambers spillTill drowned in empty thought, it fills
Townes van Zandt wrote this and I always thought it sounds a lot like It's All Over Now Baby Blue by Bob Dylan at least lyrically.
a rare specimen of good free verseK-k-kolsti?but in all honesty, it's really well done.
I like this, good job having proper rythm and metreGets weaker as it goes though, I thinkThe theme is also a bit thin, but I enjoyed overrall.Here is a modest one of mine I think I might have posted last threadTrough the keyhole, I cannot seethe picture whole, only slightly,can I perceive the symphonyof what happens behind the door.Yet I spend days, trying to catchtrying to heartrying to watchwhat would happen, if I perhaps,could slide a finger trough the gapsAt night, though, I do wellI can picture great shining bells,the marble walls of citadelsthat await me behind the door.I dread the hour someone like meled by a marvelous idea,will, through this keyhole alignhis wondering gaze into mine.
I decided to synthesize a period of highschool poems I wrote about this girl, with a much-improved sense of rhythm but all of the cringe of the past.The pain, and the pangs, swirl into a neurotoxin,Obsessing like I'm depraved so I fight the thoughts with more thoughtsIn the vein of self-deprecation, pre-emptive self-preservationFor if I even approached you I'd just invite condemnationBut I'm stuck 'cause this mental mixture is now a permanent fixtureI'm too fucked too be included, but you're always in the pictureOn my mind's eye, so despite my certitude that I'm unworthyWhen I'm in your presence I can't force myself to stop observingI'm too insecure to hold your gaze past a few secondsIt's confusing that you'd even grace my being with your essence.I curse the fates for feeding me this dream,.Curse destiny for stringing me along to make it seemLike you might ever deem me more than insignificant or wretchedWish that I could shake you from my soul just like an etch-e-sketchBut I'd rather shatter it first.Once you started speaking to me I didn't know what to doI didn't want to be myself 'cause that wasn't worthy of youBut there was no one else for me to be,You would've never needed me,So when you asked to lean on me to sleep I couldn't breatheThe pattern of our morning bus ride ritual 'cause I believedThat I deserved breath less than you deserved undisturbed restWhile granting me the gift of feeling your face near my chest,Your hair so soft and the steady rise and fall of your breastThe afternoon that you invited me into your life,I refused it out of fear, idiocy rationalized,I wish that you had pushed and that I wasn't such a piece of shit'Cause even as it happened I just knew that that was it:There would never be another chance,Said no 'cause I was fucking scared to dance.I don't buy into superstition nor intuition,But the feeling I got when I saw you walk into the officeThat one day when I was late to class, and thought it was oddIn retrospect seems like a warning since that's the last time that I saw youWhich doesn't matter much.You're the first person I was certain I was in love with,Haven't overwhelmed my cowardice 'cause I *still* don't have the might."'Tis better to have loved and lost," they say; I say,'Tis better to have tried and failed, than have declined, and failed despite.
In comes off as lyrics really. I read it with a cadence that people probably won't pick up on unless they're trying to fit it into a meter the same way that I am, so there are for instance some fucked-looking rhythm patterns.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
noicemore alliteration needed
Fairy dust...Dust, dust at dusk,Purple sky and sparkles fly,Ashes in the ocean now,To and fro, forever--how?Moon, and moonlight,in the sky below--Reflection of reflectionReflected in your eyes,Full of the sky,You fear to tear,You fare to tear,Another strip of soul to bareUpon the rack and dry and blackAs raisins, withered, brazen,Only 'til a challenge rears it's horrid head,Dysphoria, enigmatic, ever-presentDysphoria, aenergetic, effervescent,Boiling, roiling to surround the mind,Of a monkey, in a cage,Invisible though present day to day,Swimming, only,Through this dark'ning pool,Dusk is no longer,The sky reflects the night,Reflects the light,Reflects the might of solitary unitsEver further away than one might imagine,For, you see it here,But closer as you get,As you comprehend it with your mind,You'll never find that you've arrived,until it's time,Like plants which one might find to skip though time--Or simply die, wither and die--When one turns the blind eye to spy,To fly, Aladdin rides the sky like surfers ride the Nile,To walk the sky, I'll need a magic carpet made of warmth,And warmth, and warm in color, and warm another way,The way that leaves of it's own accord,Or the way that was taken by the sky itself,And its reflected subject,Off a cliff and into the rays,Into the sky and drifting,Into clouds,into stars,nothing.
let me know if I got the metre down at least.Threefold TreeThe sighing, shrugging evening sun does floodAnd drench the branches 'cross my threefold tree.The fronds and arms more near the star most glow.Transmissions warm and bathed - recall my bliss.Between excels the green comfort of limbsGone out on, pleased apartment, girlfriend, more...But distant from the sun's assuring rays, Hang hardened arteries and photo sets.
The meter is consistent, straight iambic pentameter. Your word choice flows very well within said meter; you really make use of the iambs.Simple and bittersweet. Direct, but not so much that I mind it.
Reminiscent of Poe in form, theme and verbiage. The rhythm is consistent, and the ambiguity makes the poem somewhat suspenseful. I'm left with questions and compelled enough to reread.
Looking down at what I've done I begin to shudderAs I stare at what protrudes As I stare at where my skin becomes meat The fine line between pale white and crimsonPain and pleasure When was the last time someone caressed my skin..Racked with pain the agony takes holdIt holds a gentle light against the insanityEver welcoming the path lies well trodden Paved and obscure the curious lie closeWhen was the last time I felt curiosity...Again a wave of pain shackles me to realityAgain I shudder and again I start to cryIt wasn't meant to end like thisI only wanted to be like everyone elseI just wanted to be normalFull of myself and confidenceInstead I've broken all the mirrors in rageWhen was the last time I caught myself smiling...AgainAnd again Until the rhythmic waves of pain align with my very beingEnduring the relativity of the time I have left I'll live a thousand different lives before I dieBy my very own handsHave I always felt this empty..I feel as though it needs something
The ShedThe livid clamour echoed and bangedOff steel walls where true wrath hanged,Dangling and loose, and ready to be graspedBy murderous intent which these two masked.As the standing laughed at the seated, Whose composure was almost depleted,He did not take heed of his scrunched glowerBecause it was hid under the roof's cold bower.Approaching now to rub it in,Shamelessly flaunting sardonic grin,Well unaware of the claw that sat besideThe glazed over boy that did not meet his eyes.Turned towards with endearment to deceive,It would not be the boy but his mother bereaved,As handle shot up and in the same motion fell On curly, black locks where blood began to well.
I made this a while ago and I really want to improve it while still keeping the simplicity, not really sure where to start.I wish I was the showerthat cleans you of your fearsevery drop a part of mecovering your naked body and soulas the old drops drip awaynew ones take their placeuntil you've had enoughand turn me offand that's oknow it's my turn to showerand your turn to wash awaywhen we're no longer dirtywe'll leave this cursed placewe'll go to where there is no wenor I nor you nor theysomewhere new and magicalthat words cannot explain
it's gay
"I like it" is all the praise you get, but it also conveys no meaning to me in its current form whatsoever.
Think of how your time is spentThe open graves of the innocentMaggots writhe in decaying shitThere's a place for you in the burning pitBlackened eyes and broken backsOur masks are showing signs of cracksThe victims never stay pink and freshThat's the folly of the flesh Let's destroy and dance merrily onA singing parade of carrionAll your hate has locked the gateBe quick or fall on the butchers plate Charons boat can carry allYou can writhe but don't we allIt's hard to breathe in the rising blackThe hangmans noose is losing slackLet all the banners be unfurled A flood of rot to drown the worldLet the dirge find every earThe master and end are growing near!
Really? I agree about the Dylan influence but at least in terms of basic formatting, I think it's much more influenced by Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands.
With milk-white harts upon an ivory sled  Thou shalt be drawn amidst the frozen pools,  And scale the icy mountains' lofty tops,  Which with thy beauty will be soon resolved.
hate to ask, but could anyone critique this please?
this is poetry thread not song lyrics thread
soon, sunyou are the only one flaming, we burst! a partof our bonfires were built-in.the cosmos’s name:Don’t-Wilt-In-The-Heat.now we’re sailing, alone in our thirst. we tried to drink the sea.without the day to steer, you fear the rolling.don’t forget that Motion is me. gulp down my cult-salt;let me cure the spells you misspokefolk-songs reverberatingrevering never dying.surrender, my ether. burn me up! are you still able tosit at the tables of witchesyou’ve staked your claim on?i’ve journeyed to neither-worldsclambered, threw god undersnake-sticks and amber resin. please let this be a lesson:if you attempt to tamp me downi’ll crash some waves upon this town
lyrics are poetry in all but name. granted, generally bad poetry, but it's not as if there's anything of merit to comment on in here anyway. but yeah even forgiving that this was written to be song lyrics, it's a waste of time to even attempt to critique given that it's nothing but gratuitous repetition and clumsy alliteration. also lazily making up words for no reason is not really a thing to do.
it's bastardized
What song/rhythm? Hard to without
ii wrote some shit about this gas station next to campusbehind the concrete box gas stationthere’s a curvature in the shrubberyhole cut in the fence lining.four point o from a high school out eastglided over black tar solid pavementwith arms and hands weightlessin between the secret entrance;ground covered in his family’s tobaccokentucky bourbon bottles empty fromother stumbling top-classers and their lostred bowties and blue boat shoesSigma Alpha Epsilon and Zumi-Zumihe’s lost a mile away from a couch forty miles from his couchas he corners around the grey cube hugging the wall until the Chandler hospitallights blind him stepping to the front—the natty ice mating call, tripping over homeless,underaged beer gut underveloped emotionally;the smartest man out of Rowan’s high school engineering programlooks a little terrified of the automatic doors in front of him.
bump
A 4.0 and poetry a shit, try again later.
Think of how your time is spentThe open graves of the innocentMaggots writhe in decaying shitThere's a place for you in the burning pitBlackened eyes and broken backsOur masks are showing signs of cracksThe victims never stay pink and freshThat's the folly of the flesh Let's destroy and dance merrily onA singing parade of carrionAll your hate has locked the gateBe quick or fall on the butchers plate Charons boat can carry allYou can writhe but don't we allIt's hard to breathe in the rising blackThe hangmans noose is losing slackLet all the banners be unfurled A flood of rot to drown the worldLet the dirge find every earThe master and end are growing near!
Bucólica voluntad la de mi padreaún veo el huerto, sus pies danzando sobre las colifloresdesordenando la vida, imitando el baile del poeta borrachocon tal frenesí que tiembla el suelo.Coge un arma, me diceEscóndeteaunque pueda volar sin oponer resistenciaSoraya, soraya, no eres inmortaly yo soy inmoralAhí está mi padreSeco, ojos rojos de lagartoDragón viejo, aún creyéndose importanteAhí está mi padreY no tengo el arma,tengo doscientas cincuenta y tres palabrotas con las que pelearTengo dos pies, zapatitos blancosPero mi padre sigue merodeando¿Protector o cazador?Han muerto las colifloresHuelo y me ahogo con su chaqueta de cueroLos ladrillos no están sueltosforman una unidad fuerte, orgía incapaz de terminarse¡De poco me servís!Porque mi padre danza, en círculos, espirales diabólicasPorque es capaz de echar fuego, es capaz de romper el techo estrelladoSigue ese hombre que representa todo lo que detestomanos arrugadas, whisky, corruptoTengo tierra entre las uñas, y sangre por las espinas de las rosasAhí está el criminal de mi padrepostrado, desafiando a los dioses,después de conseguir que este ángel muerael secreto que desconoce, mi querido padrees que puedo arrastrarme silenciosamente como las serpientesque he creado mi propio venenoque morderé sus pies, que caerá ensimismadoAquí está la hijacon cuchillos en forma de vocalescon danzas que mesmerizan, con santos rezándome
Have some shitty OC poetry!Gentile ManMan: A person with the qualities often associated with males such as bravery, spirit, or toughness.I am a ManMen are born, or so they sayThey insist it has been that wayMen are born then they dieThough now, I see through that lieMen are not bornBeasts are born and Beasts are namedMan is made when The Beast is tamedThe Beast was one that was wild and freeIt couldn’t exist in societyBeasts are wildThe Man was told from tender ageHe must throw The Beast into a cageIt’s for the best, is what they would sayIt was for the best, lock The Beast awayThe Cage was darkThe Cage was where the Beast would stayKept cruelly from the light of the dayThen the Man was taught to hide his pawsTaught to file his teeth and to blunt his clawsThe Beast was loudBecause the beast was born with lust and rageIt rejected confinement, rattled it’s CageIt wished to roam and riot and feelBut existed in torment, wrapped in steelThey quelled the noiseThey removed its voice as they taught the manTaught him to be proper with a gentle handThe relentless howls of murderous gleeThey were muted by silent soliloquyThe Man was braveHe vowed to go and tame The BeastHe would go alone, hunt while they feastHe knew not from whence The Beast once cameThough he had been taught that the Beast could be tamedHe was stupidHe thrust into darkness to end his questThinking taming The Beast would be for the bestWhen he found the Beast had calmed with ageHe made a mistake and opened the cageThen I was freeI left nothing of Man behindBetter to die then to be confinedMust be quiet now, can’t cause distressI’ll be thrown to The Cage, just like the restI am a ManI’ll tread carefully on these padded pawsI will hide my fangs and I will stow my clawsWhen they come to talk of hunt and feastThey will find just a Man, and not The Beast~N
Love is an angel's soul-boat;My soul is drifting down a river;I quiver;Shake my sense into the moat.I'm a drowning soul-man, nothing more......and certainly nothing less.
I'm getting that rhythm, and I think that if it were worked over a bit it could be a really nice piece of slam poetry. There're a few metrical feet that're out of place, but if you fix those up you've got something great.
Worthwhile because fucking edge brehsThe Youth is struck by an arrow through the heart, an arrow to the loinsAnd from the wounds expunged are Ambition and Hope and Self and Pride--poisons to the SeedThus the Seed flourishes while the Youth enduresUntil such a time when the Seed becomes a Sprout,Less a selfish, unthinking brute, and more a creature of thoughtAnd it gazes upon the Youth it has torn asunderAt the body the Sprout suckled dryAnd the Sprout bemoans the accident of its beingAs it questions if its life was a proper exchange for the prone Youth
SnowflakeTiming’s everything. The vapor riseshigh in the sky, tossing to and fro,then freezes, suddenly, and crystalizesinto a perfect flake of miraculous snow.For countless miles, drifting east abovethe world, whirling about in a swirling free-for-all, appearing aimless, just like love,but sensing, seeking out, its destiny.Falling to where the two young skaters stand,hand in hand, then flips and dips and whipsitself about to ever-so-gently land,a miracle, across her unkissed lips:as he blocks the wind raging from the south,leaning forward to kiss her lovely mouth.
Step to step, gone by labyrinthine slip throughbrickled paths of suburban silence, softand short bursts of breath exhaustedby the palpitations of my rustwork,winding down this damn long daywhile a lit cigarette tipped smoke gently aloft.Park to pavement, left the blessed grass’s fortune roots feeding what little life foundus in our final moment, sprouting a shoot monumental amongst boot-high greenery,earthed and alone by the iron chassisfusing ruptures, her and I the sealed ground.“I think, I think, I dare not dream of dad nor mum, or therein the birthed Christ the son, if by chance your marriage bedwhence underneath where cogs divineits industry, in metered chimeof machinery, a myriad lain in creaking red."“I wish, I wish, on constellated orbsborn in her apricity, her glancing thoughtaway from my dark territories,the spires and clock towers spreading shadowunceasing across this enclosed meadow.A sanctuary divined by you, inairs of shelter from the greying hue ofraindrops, thick and fast, could hold longagainst the storm; yet endurance bloodiesin the mortal night, and I worry your fears shall not go unsung."As-yet unfinished
A straightforward concept with a pretty brilliant twist. The metre goes a little off-kilter at times, but it builds throughout in a very natural way.Despite being pretty jagged you've got an intricate rhythm going on, and the bracketed final lines of the first two stanzas are a neat touch.see Kinda self-indulgent with the whole wah it's been so long since a grill touched me I wish I was a normievibe. It needs some kind of redemptive resolve so people don't think you're a whiny piece of shitIt takes a lot of effort to read given it's almost entirely one sentence, and the repetition doesn't help a huge amount, but it has this Nietzschean 'eternal return' shape to it which I like
I am interested in getting into poetry. Can someone suggest a book that discusses history of poetry or different poetic styles and movements; also what makes a poem and forms of a poem. Basically a guide to poetry. Thanks.
Just read Rilke's letters to Kappus
If you're looking to get into poetry, you must penetrate the very thin substratum reading it, then only you can delve far beyond its environs into the core understanding it.
Stephen Fry has a pretentious book that discusses duch things, called The Ode Less Travelled. I think it would be better to get an anthology like the Norton or Harmon's Top 500 Poems and just read and explore with an open mind. Although the technical aspects are incredibly important to understanding how poetry works and makes meaning, I strongly recommend finding a couple poets that speak to you.This is what I tell my students: keep in mind throughout that reading poetry takes effort and time. Go at it with determination and perseverance and you will be rewarded richly.
Letters are going backa bus sits within my pathtake me, take me to the waterI long to swim,to shake off my limbsthe inexhaustible nothingness beneath.Do not caress my leg,this was the reasonthe letters had been returnedthe address changed, too.A small room I now residethe emptiness, the agonizing vacancy,dormant beneath.What are you?Eel, salmon, or jellyfish?Once my limbs are gonean eel shall be my callingto lodge in a decrepit stairwell,in a dissolute cabin of a sunken sein.Tell me:Will the letters meet me here!The new interval of my experiencethe lifespan of an eelthose letters, these letters; their authors,the demand of sequestration is their dictum.
Here's a calligram-type poem.
This summer marks the worst case of writer's block for me. Beforehand I'd write prose-poetry type pieces, not really following any conventions of poetry. Last night I tried coming from where I was and this is the result:A thornbush blossomed within my head And the blindness which ensued Brought together colours abandoned In favor of some darkness months agoFlesh enveloping flesh glistened with the Hour’s sweat born of lust, pity, or understanding--Hands making slaves to hands pinned abound posts, Toiling fields bountiful with wild fruits, forgotten, abused.A hunger, a tease or an indulgence with fingers delvedInto the communal spirit--a siren ravaged made goddess And her wounds lined in gold, for beauty heightened whenJuxtaposed with imperfection--nails dug into my back.For then we had each other, everyone else died Alongside the unwound clock, became tapered Phantom lights under streetlamps or in distant Rooms at midnight--teeth massaging my ears.For now I have my body as a frayed conduit Void of warmth, in the wrong city with The wrong people ghosting past seasons while My starving hobgoblins awaken.Losing edge against the spotted mirror imagining Better names for this anemic figure, tufts of meat Thatched within soft flesh pulled taut across bonesWhich protrude giving mountains to a ravaged land.Love thyself, live thyself, create hollow gospels and Genealogical crosswires for thyself in the name of Some dead prophet who followed his own footprints To the barren fields denied innocent blood.
I really like this. Very interesting imagery, getting kind of a William Blake vibe from it. Not sure if that was intended
The longing and the ennui of the mindOppressive and death to all moodsFallen into my lap by luck or foresight whenApproached by the only life-light i can Cling to in this placeA dull occupation in a dull town surroundedBy yet more dullness, an island of bland in a flat painful ocean of beige and I canfeel the ocean-wagon falling from underneath and The boards tear my fingernails and the pine pitch Stings my eyes as the flickers of interest,Like many different fish, Ever present in theory and sometimes viewedSlip into and out of view and then reemerge From the pub or the bookies soiled but with no eyesOn anything but the sea, claimant to their veryBeing and threatens mine with an escape likely But never likely to happenIn retrospect it's 100% edgy but it was a stream of consciousness type deal and I am deeply unfulfilled
Writing this for my erotica/porn blog. It's for yucks. It's supposed to be silly.The Joy of Facials In the bedroom, the lights are still on, Because I like the way they light up my dick As it wobbles in front of your smile When you take it out of your mouth. Sight is as important as touch.I promise to pay my dues later, But there's one thing I ask of you this moment, And you look up quizzically And ask me, “what?”...“Can I shoot it on your face?” A twisted look. Not revulsion at least. Irritation, definitely. You’re not so sure. “Why do some guys like that? It's so demeaning and gross.”“Oh, no,” I say. I step back, wobbling.Imagine, if you will, An oil baron on his oil fields, Drilling for black gold. For months he drills, and then one day He strikes a vein. Oil rockets into the sky. Everybody is filthy, But they are too elated to care About the grit in their teeth. The rising black geyser is A monument to their success.“What’s that got to do with facials?” you ask. I don’t expect you to get it right away. So I think of a different picture. I am no longer wobbling, So I picture a woman.Imagine, if you will, You are working out, sweating hard at the gym. You are gross at the end, grimy and slick, Your hair is matted, you look like shit, But you feel so good. Now there are some men Who fetishize seeing the body exert And perspire its hard work out. It speaks of hours of toil in one image.“Get it?”“No.”“It’s about having a show.”“You mean like in all those bukkake videos?”“No, not quite. I don’t quite go For those gross and nasty Bukkake videos.”“What's the difference?”“The difference, you see: In those videos, groups of men Come on a girl again and again. Until she can’t open her eyes or breathe. The poor girl is surrounded, it makes me seethe That this is so hip Wouldn't you agree? But for one man to masturbate—““Hey, it’s getting late.”“Okay, imagine: A crowd of people at night Looking up at the sky, Restlessness anticipation, And then it happens: the explosion. But only for an instant. That briefest instant of beautiful fire Repeats itself until it’s spent out.There’s the lull afterwards. The people, they shuffle away, But in their minds, there still floats that instance. Their imaginations have captured the moment And made it each their own. It can only be enjoyed for that instant, But it lingers on. It can be immortalized in pictures, Snapshots of the final moment. It is throwing paint on a canvas. It is a distinct pleasure with one central theme.“Domination,” you say.“No,” I reply. “Spectacle.”“Spectacle?”“Spectacle.”Your face changes, as your eyes trace down To the floor, where they think, Then return above, And a rope graces your chin. You laugh.
Just Fuck My Shit Up
You got me horny in the morning and you knowI tried to call you but I can't find the telephoneI sent a message through the internet but it rejectedI wrote you a letter and I send it through the postThe post it takes so long, So I got to sing this poemTo let you know how I feel, what's the deal babyAnd I can't wait for you, And the things you make me doMy heart is ringing so I'm writing this poem for youI search from town to town but I can't find my booI got so desperate that I sent a rocket to the moonIn New York City, someone said they saw you singing the bluesBut it was a man from Nowhere Land that looked like youI will keep searching on, This feeling's much too strongMy heart is ringing so I'm writing this poem for you
Something a friend wrote; hope that's okay.
holy shit fuck you
What?
Wanker
?
Ok, kid...62, but you already know that you raging faggot...
Wet, unflinching, I go to my lynching,But byThe waters the seagulls still cawAnd the seashells flicker brightIn the tumultuous tides. And Iremember when once I stoodOn a pier by the beach in the summer,Alone with my chilling, sorrowful thoughtsWhile the waves lapped gentlyAgainst the pilings below.Entrenched in my misery, I cast my eyes out to sea,and found myself caught, by the beauty of the sun Shimmering gold on the water, its reflectionsShifting myriad upon the perforated sea;I felt love.In an instant, there was no sorrow,Only my love and hers, and it seemedThat the whole world must have gone darkFor her love was centered on me alone.There I stood, gazing, eyes burning,Until she reddened, and my darling,The sun, banked below the water,And although I could still see her lightPrism’d across the sky, I shed a single tear,For I knew now loss, and how I should feel.And now I stand, With rope around neckAnd the rain beating against my face,soaking my clothes, puddling in my shoesThe rain hides my tears but I can taste themand I wish I could see my love once moreAnd die in her radiant embrace.
metre motherfucker
Wow. I'm surprised anyone takes slam seriously here. Thanks.I probably should've added that this was a one-off, it's barely edited. I think I need to change some of my verbiage, and some of the parts that break the meter, but a lot of it that sounds wrong would be different in performance.
it is 5:58 on amonday morningor a late sunday eveningif you’re one to clingto that snowstormy pastas I’ve known some to dobut I know theres nothing like the present it picks up and settles where it wants like a wino who has liquidated his rent and i’d like to travel the country on a coal trainwith my life on my backand the world under my shoesbut it is 6:30 and the world is wakingand I have a job and things to do but maybe things will change and i hope they do for the better
Don't start stroking your dick yet, what you did is pretty mediocre, it's only acceptable because slam has lowered standards
remember to post performance later :^
This, in a lot of ways it's less about the construction and more about the execution. More of an artform than a craft.
Looking up the concept, I think I know where you're coming from. I wrote this among studying dada & surrealism and I can see that sort of theme fitting in the mix.
Well, I appreciate that that anon thought it was really good but I don't really agreeI recognize that slam has low standards, which is why I don't expect it to be seriously considered somewhere like here, but I don't see that as an excuse to make mediocre shit when I write in that style.kek
I respect this behavior
good job anonreally enjoyed it
Quiet misery festers in silenceWhile a jocose demeanor conceals the mindConjuring an image of violence.
Thanks anon I'm glad you liked it
I apologize to the squidas I drive a nail through his tentaclepinning him to the map"This is where you live today,but tomorrow you’ll be here.”he is stretched now across an oceanand I am running out of nails
Persistent, obsessive ruminationSalacious and miasmatic seekingSound somatic sedation.Untie the knot of proclivitySail unbound From this reticent captivityThe rest.. I haven't written anything since highschool...is rhyming poetry a meme?
Yea, it kinda is, but it's ok to do. It can help with the meter and it helps people understand how you're supposed to read a poem if you do it right. Other than that though it's more of a meme for sure, not a bad one though.Do it if it feels right, don't if it doesn't.
well boss i’ll let you know i’ve got a lot of opinions andi sometimes cry things are looking not so hot for mebut keep trucking they say cheer up they saysome people have it worse they sayi never said i have it worst i saythere are children in africa who have adapted to imitate plantsthey only need water and sunlighti say to prove i know of sufferingworse than my ownand i know i have it a good deal betterbut boss they say to me thats not trueand i ask if they have ever been to africaand seen the plant children or the animals that are scared to death everymorning and scared back to life every nightof course not but i read it in the papersthat these things can t exist boss i m going to write a note to the papersthey should fire their fact checkersand hire me
bump
wot
, 
Post some of your prose and let others critique it, /lit/. I'd like to see what some of our budding writers on this board potentially have.
Imagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
He heard her distant speech from the office corridor; water vapour's laughter. Almost a whisper, graciously featherweight. Intentional or not, it was honest. Sugar paper wrapping an audible gift: such low decibel rating, more than enough to cause tinnitus. Nothing was ever forced, just slightly tapped. An incorruptible piece of audio not unlike a recently purchased cassette with an eternal promise establishing a rule for never playing it; you wouldn't want to damage such a beautiful sound.Naaaah, no, that's not. Wait. Her hair's a modest gradient - brown soil foundations allowed marvellous blonde establishments to grow and prosper, as many aspire for the success that her hair had achieved. Goddamn, wow. She seemed preoccupied, mid-discussion regarding some professional concerns - water cooler jargon for getting asses in gear because that shit wasn't ever going to record itself Oh god, you know how these artists are: "Hey, can I record this new solo I've been working on?" Well how about fuck off, no, it isn't exactly fucking November Rain. Just finish the fucking song, we want to go home, you self-indulgent rats. Despite concerns, stresses and depresses, she would seemingly give various timezones, annual celebratory holiday information and the variables that contribute to the variations of seasons' length and timing throughout each year. Surprisingly, she probably could. Those glasses. Whoa, Nelly. His libido would pull them off with his teeth; his libido this and that, a few lustful thoughts popped into mind -- fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off. I cannot believe I let that happen. Despite natural urge; the drill sergeant pushing forward, hoping his training of the soldiers had motivated them enough to succeed and survive the battlefield - probably Normandy, all the marching - against the foe. The Cold War scum suckers who wanted to fuck their freedom and cum in its hair, motherfuckers! They'd fuck their own mothers! The hun cunts and the Russkie shits, right, right, right, huh? ACHTUNG, I'LL SEE THE DEATH OF YOU BEFORE YOU RISE ONCE MORE.He turned his back from her general direction to hide the uprising. It seemed not just the revolt against Communism, but he was hiding the tearing of the Berlin wall and possibly the French Revolution too on second thought, most likely the French had something to do with it all. The studio was empty, right? Thundered, thundered, foot soldier march! I don't know what I've been told, What we have here is Cuban missile gold!
I was so mad at my Mom and Dad I punched my wall like *BANG*, like a boxer hitting a heavy bag. I didn't even care if I hit a stud or something. I hit just plain drywall though and punched through it like *BANG* you know? I was so tired of them always yelling at me and telling me how stupid I am. My Dad used to smack my head like I was a moron when I messed up at something that I wouldn't even know how to do anyway. It was my chore to sweep up the kitchen but getting around the table was a pain so I just pushed the chairs and stuff over and Mom yelled at me "what's wrong with you!". Dad came in and said "what is going on here jesus christ Ben what is it now". I didn't even throw the chairs I just pushed them out of the way cause they told me to sweep and the kitchen was fucking clean anyway. I had to stand there while they kept yelling but they told me to go to my room and I didn't have to finish. My wall has a lot of holes in it but I don't hit the ones by my bed anymore. They face outside and in the winter it gets cold around where the holes. I asked for a TV for my birthday but my parents got me a CD.
It's like Holden Caulfield revised for the 21st century. I like
I'm glad you recognized what I was going for but I feel the voice isn't quite consistent enough yet.
Theres some really sweet ideas in this, anon. Polish it more, maybe elaborate on some of the more interesting passages like "water vapour's laughter" and get really free with it. This is nice.
I was sitting there, I was depressed as hell, looking at some website where a bunch of phonies yappped and yapped about books. I like books, but the all the ones they were talking about were written by phonies. For instance, there was this real dumb bastard they were always worshipping called "Pinecone". That's right. A goddamned guy named Pinecone. Anyways, I read a few pages of one of this Pinecone guy's books and boy was is a load of junk. All he talked about were little pieces of architecture and bananas. I'm done with that for kind of shit for a while. Books aren't for me. I guess ever since I started fingerbanging Phoebe nothing seems as interesting.
Arthur peered out the window. His eyes trailed across every fleeting natural occurrence that passed by the train. Arthur marvelled at the beauty of nature in his adolescence. Often entranced, his sense of time became distorted -- wherein some instances, where seconds became hours and vice versa. However, self-criticality along with a change of scenery from his small country home to small apartment in the middle of a booming industrial city lead Arthur to forget his old tendencies.The train ride brought him back to his primal desire. There was a particular point in the train ride wherein he felt an overwhelming sense of sadness when passing a peculiarly beautiful area. A deep and gorgeous valley was separated by the cold steel of the train doors. On the top of the valleys were wisps of fog that rested, frozen in an ostensible eternity. Although the valleys extended far past his view, those in sight all followed a similar downward path to a circular center. Arthur was incapable of seeing the bottom of these valleys due to his position on the train, to which he attributed that such valleys held an abyss at the bottom. It is often of human nature to be anxious of the unknown. Arthur, on the other hand, found himself awestruck by the enigma -- a contrarion to most he knew. And when Arthur realized his current obsession, he felt the hammer of reality crack down upon him. It was swift, as if an execution. And rather than tasting blood as one would as he approaches death, Arthur felt an earthy bitterness touch his tongue.
Craig sat in his small-but-cozy office in the chili factory and looked over the recent data. The fancy charts and detailed analysis all arrived at a simple problem: participants did not respond well to the chili variation with a little extra cocoa powder or the variation with slightly less cocoa powder compared to the current recipe found throughout grocery store shelves across the country. To Craig, this simply meant that the clear solution was to chance nothing in the original recipe. To the higher-ups, this was a completely unacceptable answer. Their firmly held beliefs stated that a little tweaking done routinely was necessary to keep the brand relevant. The Bachelor's of Science hanging on the wall signified to everyone that Craig ought to be capable of finding a solution."Well, we increased and decreased the amount of cocoa by 1/4 teaspoon--so maybe trying again with 1/8 teaspoon would provide a more subtle change that the participants would find more palatable."There were a lot of furrowed brows and thoughtful nods at this suggestion. He was glad his idea had been met with approval, yet disappointed since it's implementation was sure to be a headache. Feeling the familiar weight of tasks and responsibility begin to press down on him, he opened the drawer of his desk and started working on an unfinished sudoku.
She jolted sideways as something came smashing down beside her. A great spatter of red had spackled on the white rock, and she saw what had created it: a turtle totally cracked open, shell smashed out and innards spilt upon the stone. With a whoosh of wind an eagle fluttered down beside the corpse, landing with a folding of its wings and hopping to the ruined turtle's ruined form. Its curved beak swept into the broken shell, ripping out a chunk of guts that promptly was gulped down. The eagle paused then, for it saw her. Its piercing yellow eyes were gleaming in its brown feathery face. She knew that look, that stare. She nodded. “Good eating,” she said. Then her eyes went back onto the bloody spatter. She saw the brilliant scarlet fluid running now in rivulets into the crevices and crannies of the ancient stone. She felt the flow as though it ran across her own skin, felt the weight that blood has and the strange way that it sticks and stretches over hardy surfaces. Her own blood, in between her ears, began to pump the faster. She swallowed. She shook her head, tried to clear the feeling, and she hurried on.
This is a little melodramatic, but that's fine. More worryingly, you seem to dance between the past and the present tense.Nevertheless, the language is powerful, and you use particularly strong words at the right moments- like "deep and gorgeous valley" which I like- and the use of the word "abyss."Just pay more attention when you're writing.
Much appreciated, Anon.
Want to try creative writing myself: how often should I redraft passages? I have ideas planned out, but should I be a little freeform with structure? I know some authors certainly are. How often can I mix the colloquial with the formal?
On the strip scene in True LiesImagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
jamie lee curtis is hot in that imo but this was still funny to me
The day the world ended was just like any other. Honey bees suckled on sweet nectar as robins and jays flitted about the azure sky, leaving behind downy feathers in their wake. Children played on the streets and in the public parks, for it was finally the weekend they had been looking forward to. The older citizens occupied their free time with recreational sports in the sun, tasty picnics in the shade, and fine music in the ears. The sun was high and shined brightly upon the content populous, radiating warm whispers that masked the impending demise of their insignificant planet. The happy mood quickly changed to severe terror when the first disaster struck. A deafening boom resounded across the world, as if Gaia had clapped her earthen hands together in delight. But rather, the earth came apart. Paved roads crumpled up as tremors shook reverberated through cities and towns, thoroughly thrashing their denizens. The ground split into a multitude of fractured pieces, creating chasms far too deep to see the bottom of that greedily swallowed whole groups of terrified humans. Not knowing where to run from the ground, people aimlessly fled for their lives in fear, praying to their gods for their lives to be spared. Soon after came the tidal waves, washing entire continents like a divine hose. The water had turned a murky black and it crashed against all that stood in it's path, sweeping up tall skyscrapers and small people with ease and carrying them nowhere in particular. By now, only those living on the tallest mountains had survived this series of catastrophes, but they didn't have long to enjoy their good fortune. The sky turned a sickening crimson as piercing whistles rang through the air. Blazing red meteors stabbed through the clouds and rained down upon whatever was left of the broken planet, punching deep holes in what little ground there was to punch deep holes in. The mighty mountains crumbled, the black oceans sloshed, and the last human cried out in despair at the unforgiving end to humanity as a molten boulder slammed down from above and crushed him mercilessly.
day just like any otherquickly changedclichefor it wasthe unforgiving end to humanityyou don't talk like that, don't write like that.The older citizens fled for their lives in fear, praying to their godssafe and lifelesslike a divine hosea sickening crimsonNOI diagnose you with a Heavy Hand. Take some Dostoevsky short stories and call me in the morning.
I'm not sure if this is a genuine attempt at creative writing or shitposting but I like it.
Obvious error- a man aware of his own position in time cannot be happy.
Start off by describing why it's cozy or why it's fancy.
and she hurried on.Nice
It's pretty sincere, man. I got the idea to write about a girl I have a crush on and wanted to write about her in a romantic way at first, but then I started writing with an intention for a metaphor for every passage. I'm going to re-draft it and remove parts that I find aren't particularly interesting to read, but yeah man, it\'s completely genuine.
reposting my shitty prose, non-native speaker, looking for criticism. gonna get to critiquing in a bit although I dont think I have much to contribute, gotta do stuff for a secSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes. As time passes on they move closer with a cozy and peaceful smile on their small round faces. They sit next to you on the couch and you turn your head just a slight bit and nod politely. Over time, you feel the couch tilt ever so slighty to your new neighbours' side and as you look over, you could swear they look bigger than before. Not definitely, but perhaps slightly more voluptuous. You start to feel soft fur brushing up against your arm as they spread out to accommodate for their new size. You knew you were right. A bit disgruntled and displeased at their sudden appearance you shuffle to your end of the sofa, trying to bring just a bit of space between yourself and the three unannounced guests. You look over once more and observe the once benevolent faces turn into gruesome grimaces, watching you with a self-righteous, sly smile. Their growth is undeniable now; one of them is again brushing up against your arm. Flight is impossible. Soothing sing-song surrounds your thoughts, lulling you and tucking you into bed. They have taken control now, throning high above and looking down upon their prey, a mischievous grin spreading from ear to ear. Now it can't be long. There is no rush. Darkness engulfs you. Don't struggle. Submit.You look into the Abyss. And Jump.

i like it9/10
this is literally r/writingprompts: the post
Please don't use *BANG*.
Could a king, a prince, a duke – nay, even one of those ubiquitous invisibles who, we are led to believe, accompanies us when thinking, speaking, or acting – could even this sinless atom refrain from tainting its spotless gear with the wish of a human heart, as those grey eyes looked in bashful tenderness into the glittering jet revolvers that reflected their sparkling lustre from nave to circumference, casting a deepened brightness over the whole features of an innocent girl, and expressing, in invisible silence, the thoughts, nay, even the wish, of a fleshy triangle whose base had been bitten by order of the Bodiless Thinker.
what
Existing. The state of being. That familiar lament of hollow bell carved to questions, softly resounding across the lonely grey beaches of time. That silver vein that runs in the stricken, a slowing jolt, the persuasion of poison! How it so wistfully curls like a cobra in the contours of a cortex. A sacrifice. The altar is no longer blood stained! It is spoken and traversed and evenly distributed. Now, we walk in blood and as talk it, it winds in miniscule stalks and attaches itself to others, now we swim in it as we move, a dark treacle, now the tiny droplets in the air around us, condense our vision so even what we view is touched with the translucent taint of our sin. The laugh of a child in the forest. Softly shrill, it's brief duration dwarfed by its brilliance, a shining star in the dark hug of bark. Lost, wanderous one, but found again, where the thorns whisper and shake and the thin stalks of nettle waver, wanton, in the soporific summer breath. Here, you will dream, at last.
*knave
I think it's the best example I have as of now of what I'm trying to achieve. Posted before so yeah.Snickering now. I take his phone and start playing with its camera. The lights are still following us. I turn off the Bluetooth radio-phone connection, but manage to turn it on again.We get to a village. France stops.-I need to get my smokes.We get out after parking on a walkway, the buildings and the road look like poorer traditional German hamlets replicas but synthesis with dawn-haze and high renders them inwardly monastic-like in a way.I take a few photos, with my phone and then his. Then both together, one in front of the other. Marco and Luca are still sleeping in the back, France’s looking for a shop. He looks kind of depressed.-I think they are all closed. I think. Maybe not.-What time is it?I reflectively, to then check the phones and answer my own question.-Half past five on both, more or less.-When are they opening?-I don’t know. No connection.-Fuck.We walk around the town, which is completely shut down. Back at the car, we sit in the boot drinking a couple beers, smoking the rest of the packet. France’s cutting along the edge of a beer can with his knife.-So, you know where this house’s supposed to be?-No, I thought you knew. I thought you were driving cos you knew where the place was.-I think Marco’s the only one who knows.He puts the can, torn open now, on the edge of the boot. I snuff out the stub in it.-Then we oughta wake them up.-Let’s get the smokes before that.We settle a little deeper in the boot, comfortable on the wall of six packs watching the sun rise, wet and bloody, between the low blue mountains.
intrigues meI want to know who france is
The first sentence doesn't flow that wellSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyesThe biggest problem is when you connect the clauses "Slowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep" with "sits down in the corner". You would probably be better off just ending the sentence at "and at long last sleep". Actually now that I think about it it would be easier to replace sits with sitting, as sits is never really used singularly. Ex., you wouldn't be able to they "They sits/ We sits/ etc.. This would make your sentenceSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep; sitting down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes.Sorry this critique is so rambling, I haven't slept in like 24 hours
1.So, we like, told the guy to fuck off, right? But he didn't! Now that aggravated our Little Tommy, whose nickname wasn't ironic - Tommy was little over 5 feet, poor soul. Italian heritage, he always said, as if anyone dared to ask."The fuck you mean you won't fuck off?", Tommy asked politely. "Just so, I won't. Fuck you, Tommy."Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banter and punched the fool straight in the face. Guy didn't even flinch, like he was a boxer or something. Au contraire, like the Belgians say, he sniggered like a cunt and delivered a backhand blow that made Tommy fly a little. "Hah! Faggot!", he shouted. Tommy didn't answer, as he was bleeding internally after falling down those stairs. The whole affair took maybe less than a minute. We, that is me and Joe Fingers don't ask, didn't move at all. Not a single muscle twitched on our granite-made faces as the guy approached us with a stern look on his face. Tommy finally regained consciousness and started cursing in both English and Italian, though the latter was a bit off grammar-wise. I was to tell him that later. I didn't have a chance, though. The guy stabbed me with a shiv he produced out of his backpocket. Straight in the heart! Shit, it didn't even hurt that much, right? Instant internal hemorrhage and that. Not a bad way to die, considering. Joe Fingers don't ask shouted as I was collapsing and tried murdering the guy with his bare hands. He nearly succeeded, only his own bare hands got in the way. By the time I was dead Joe Fingers don't ask most probably shat himself out of fear, because it smelled so fucking bad. Life fucking sucks. Good thing I'm done with it.
Not bad, I find it hard to write about existence without feeling angst-ridden or pretentious, but you do a decent job at it.
Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banterAn and the are unnecessary, and disrupt flow. Consider revising to:Tommy wasn't adept at handling banterOtherwise, I enjoy the casual tone, something about that and the "don't ask" epithet kind of reminds me of DFW.
“Lock doors. Brain scan, subject Fletch, fifth run. Brain scan, subject Merrill, first run.”The two previously inactive lights set in the walnut desk fired into life, blue-tinged light projected into three dimensions, a section of sky brought down from above to rest in the air atop the desk. As suddenly as the light appeared came the models of the subjects’ brains, in what some would consider far too much detail, hovering, slowly rotating. The seat of human consciousness of these two separate individuals standing before the doctor as if presenting him with permission to stare into their being.“Show neuron activity density distinguished by lobe. At ten times speed, if you will.”The left brain slowly became an intriguing lightshow of intricately balanced neural activity, red light dashing amongst the blue, wires of human thought and action, creating a shifting bluish-pinkish glow as the stimuli experienced in the rift probed varying responses from varying areas of the brain. The density of the neural network activity seemed to be largely focused in the sensory cortex and occipital lobe, whilst the other areas of the brain were operating on reduced levels to those going about day-to-day life.
There were so many doors along this hall that I never remembered which one lead where. Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. The bathroom for example was right next to the throne room, because you never want to get lost while needing to relieve yourself. I stood at the entrance to the throne room and my mind went blank. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near. It would stay away from me though, unless I called it. Stood there looking at the ornate granite and amethyst door and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway. I used to be able to get there through a door in the throne room, but I had changed it. It had been that way for so long I had forgotten the change.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary. I didn’t have to close my eyes nor think too hard, and I arrived at the furthermost end the long walkway. I used to dash down the bridge too, but these days I didn’t want to get to the other end.
TOPKEKgood writing and flow, lol'dbritbong detected me and m80 write each other stories like thishe obvs intended that
at ten times the speed, if you willDoctors would never talk that personally to a robot, and probably not to a person, during surgery. "If you will" isn't the type of syntax used by a man controlling a machine for a task.
In Which I Call NancyAfter some degree of success in America with the sales of my most recent novel, a charming yet melancholy recollection of the events surrounding the year in which I had spent in a writer's limbo which had been diagnosed by my friend as the symptom of the dreaded yet ineffectual Continental Virus, known to my intellectual circle of acquaintances as Hemingway's Disease, I had expatriated myself from the United States and settled in the salty and sunny town of Palabras, a tiny establishment with only forty locals and a grand total of eight beach shacks, one of which I had rented for a year at the price of only a thousand American dollars. The events which followed my move were, at the least, a mildly engaging Shaggy Dog tale, which, if you were versed in the multitudes of story types, you would understand to be a wandering, plot-less, and ultimately meaningless set of occurrences which didn't seem to help any party ever at any point in time.Within my shack was a twin sized bed without a mattress, which I had thrown out after a few days as sleeping on the springs with only a sleeping bag and a bunched shirt as a pillow caused my temper to return with an overwhelming and uncontrollable fog that would cloud my judgment and cause me to react to what should have been smaller and more insignificant occurrences. I had elected that the frame should be burned and the springs returned to the city, once I could find some transportation with the only man who owned a vehicle in the town, though his insectoid sedan would only perhaps be able to carry it if the springs were somehow tied to the roof, although his car was so small that the spring set stretched farther than its length and was dangerously bent that it might touch the ground. This we found after we had attempted for a first time to take it to the city, and discovered the fiery sparks that lit up the road behind us once we reached the freeway, which had jinxed his car for what was apparently breakdown 'el segundo'. We had walked for an hour back to Palabras after that, pushing the car in neutral and creating a mess of one of the only sets of city clothing I had brought with me.1/?Cont?
Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. Really awkward phrasing. Also consider the idea that nobody really wants to read an analysis of somebody's floor layout. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near.I feel like I'd have to know more about your world to even consider this idea. I'm getting an odd fantasy vibe, which is cool, but reading a character's perceptions of a room can get mighty tedious....and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway.When a character talks to himself like this, it breaks the prosaic flow and eliminates whatever degree of interest I have in it. I'd recommend either keeping self-dialogue like this out of the story, or finding another way to expose the character's feelings about himself.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary.One, this sentence is boring and hardly contributes to the story outside of telling me that the character is thinking about something I give absolutely no shits about, and two, making an object a proper noun like this screams of B rate science fiction and fantasy. It's very YA, which makes it disgusting.I hope this makes sense.
I was already going to eliminate that, so if it's the worst thing in that passage, I'm happy.
That's not my writing :^
Elia drifted off while his two companions continued discussing the upcoming conflict. He was listening to the chirping of the grasshoppers hiding in the tussock and sucked the warm dry air through his teeth. With sun right above his head he tread the soft ground lost in sweet absentness. "Yove...how does it feel to kill a man?" he heard Tomyan ask. "It doesn't feel any different. That's the worst part." "How do you mean that?" "I don't know. I...I always expected it to be something...other, something that leaves a mark. But then, it's there, and it doesn't feel any different from working on a field, eating a corn-stew, telling jokes with your companions or shagging a woman. I realized that you always hope that those things and killing someone are from two separate worlds - that they're different. It's a fucking kick in the guts when you find out they don't." Elia caught Yove glance wistfully back from where they came. It was just for a flash of a second, but he saw the muscles on the chin of the tall rugged man tighten. "Though," said Yove with his eyes bolting away. "Kick in the guts is just what one needs sometimes." Elia himself turned around to look at the vertical forest one last time. Now, from the distance, it seemed like an impenetrable wall, a solid object when he squinted his eyes. It looked quite alien, emerging out of the grassy plains where except for few scattered thickets here and there seldom grew trees. Elia bid goodbye to that strange place and to the fading memory of its peculiar denizen, whoever she was.
Gira looked like the kind of man a top-rate college vomited out after some bullshit degree in transcendental theory or something, she recalled meeting a man with a similar sort of look a few years ago, pompous I-know-something-you-don’t-know types who walk around with a lack of spacial awareness owing to the depth of arse their heads are tucked into. If this was the future of the free human race he surely didn’t meet the spec, in fact, he was the opposite of the spec, an antithesis of human opportunity hiding behind a full-body-suit of apparent mediocrity, almost bursting at the seams with contempt for the human condition.
This is pretty decent man. I think I would prefer a little more structure, or maybe it's just the content/topics you are addressing in the lines, but it feels like it's missing a little something. I'm not much of a critic, though, I do appreciate it.
Comments about this?Maybe it was too purple?
I don't think it's too purple, it has the obstructive and narcissistic flow of a soliloquy, as if at the end of every sentence the person were asked another question and in response burst back into poetry.If you don't mind, can you take a look at this:The heat death of the singular being; a fate to aspire to. Someone somewhere was smoking a cigarette, else a fire was burning inside his own brain, stocked with beechwood and overprocessed tobacco, maybe jasmine too. Far removed from burnt toast which was some succour. The weight of a dozen motorcycles would do well to produce and effect this drastic. Deep thought was all that could be managed and all that could be deeply thought about was the unending uselessness he was encountering in this moment. Dull light permeated his eyelids from the sconce hung off of the wall behind the couch, the end of a tunnel finally approaching after a petrifying journey on rails through oblivion. Deep ruts cut across the glistening chocolate expanse above his eyes. Hours passed. People were born and people had died. Marriages were made and broken. Gira opened his eyes.The room was quiet, he was alone, though he had not been alone for long. The shutter was locked in place and he could not see any noticeable means of opening it from where he lay. Someone somewhere smoked a cigarette. Doc was in a dense span of clutter, an asymmetric and unorganised area of beer bottles and metal bins and industrial chains and works of art and works of lesser art and cigarette butts and bloodstains and rotting something-or-other. Unidentifiable odours combining edibles and non-edibles drifted through the room and out some sort of ventilation the man had yet to spot.
I think it's ok overall, but a few parts could be expressed in a different wayof the singular beingelse a fire was...which was some succourDeep thought ... deeply thoughtI suppose is the first part of a longer work? I don't think it can stand on its own.
I'm rather fond of the opening line.I need to change the word succour, it doesn't work in that sentence, I know.Deep thought to deeply thought is my writing preference, but I can understand your objection.It's two paragraphs taken from the middle of the fifth chapter. It definitely isn't meant to stand on its own.Thanks for the feedback.
She came in a dream first. Rich saw her face. When he laid her in the crib after the long hospital night he knew they would be all right. She was beautiful - so pale and smooth, eye like in his dream. Rich loved her. Emily loved her too.  He was enamored at her perfection. “Daisy. My Daisy,” Rich liked to say as he peered down into the crib. He counted her toes before he tucked her in at night, every night - he had to make sure none went missing while he was at the refinery. After that he showered and collapsed in front of his lukewarm pasta he popped a beer and looked at Emily. She finished scrubbing her plate and turned to him, hands on her hips. “You always wash your hands before you touch her.”  “Always,” Rich said. “What about me?” Rich starred at his food.  “It’s cold “We had plans.” Emily continued, “I’m not sure where we went wrong.” Rich got up and slid his arms around her waist and played with some threads that fell from her blouse. “We didn’t. Don’t worry. We’ll get there. We have to work on it.” She brushed him back, “I need to finish the dishes.” Rich grabbed his beer off the table and walked out to the living room, “I’ll work on it honey, don’t worry.”Daisy grew too slow for Rich. He wanted her to walk after eight months. Rich held her up by her arms and asked her to walk, sometimes he moved her legs with his hands - hoped that they stayed up straight. “Walk,” he said, “come on Daisy. Daisy. Walk honey. Come on.” Daisy just smiled and slumped back down into her crib.***Years before, Rich and Emily nuzzled close in the back roads and fields of their dying farm town. They stretched out underneath in the stars and planned their future in the wilting corn stocks. Emily liked that image. It felt comfortable, the young couple in the field twisting their own lullabies until the owl’s disappeared into the sun that peaked from beyond the grain silos. Rich promised something better, promised they would find somewhere better. “I’m just not sure Rich,” Emily said, “it’s not all as easy as that.” She brushed the strands of bangs from her eyes and sat up against the back up the truck bed. He stayed very still. An airplane blinked in the cloudless sky. He tracked it until all he could see was the faint yellow glimmer from downtown above the trees.
extract of my WIP novel:“Commercial stance coaching is my specialty, but I’m pretty sure I would have been anextraordinary success at whatever I’d decided to turn my hand to. I could’ve been that Liberace cat, for example. I didn’t have the hair though, unfortunately. This? Nah, they took this from my butt cheeks and glued it in. If you look closely you can see my scalp is continually leakinginfected sebum, see? No, I don’t blame you; the stench when you get up close is beyond human comprehension. Anyway, that’s eleven grand I won’t be seeing again. So, I didn’t really havethe hair to be Liberace. Or the rhinestones, I guess. A piano would’ve helped, and maybe a few lessons. Take those out of the equation and I could be as dead as that fat faggot right now, with my own mausoleum and everything.”more here:
You look down at her face and realize it's gone from very red to very pale. She is limp. You've killed her, you idiot. Choked her to death.You roll off of her and lay panting on your back for a while, numb. Waves slowly begin crashing in your gut. Supreme ecstasy, like a blazing fire. Then a long cold column of fear and anxiety. They melt and freeze and wage war upon each other for eternity.You've killed her. She's dead. This being no longer exists. You hazily recall her laugh and the way she moaned. Ice stabs you again. You should have been more careful, you bastard. But what can you do now? Remorse for your sins later, you've got to take care of this.You roll her up in the sheets tightly and fold her up best you can into a large suitcase you had brought with you. You shove the few actual belongings you brought into another small bag. You get dressed quickly and intend to make haste for the door. You pause, however, caught by a flash of heat. You stare at the large suitcase at your feet. Your face is hot and you're sure you're red. Why deny yourself? You bring your leg back and kick the suitcase as hard as you can, sending it slamming against the wall. A small moan emits. Light and strained, but definitely there. Shocked, your hands clam a bit. She's alive? You silently scold yourself for not diagnosing her correctly, but the seriousness is quickly sliced with humor. You can't help but laugh. She's alive? What a resilient little cockroach. You slam your foot into the bag once again, and sure enough another whimper escapes.
early flash-fic i wroteHer home is old, its ceilings are high. Her bed, a lounge and a coffee table make a clustered living room floor. She doesn’t leave her house much anymore. There is a phantom that rents an unused room from her, that torments her from the shadows of the night. She seems to live two lives –  that she can’t understand, that she cannot control.She always wakes with a start – hears the echo of a door slamming – her phantom has left for the day. She knows, from the way it slams the door, from the stale tobacco air, the havoc it has wrecked, the desolation it has left behind. She can feel its rage as though it was her own. Her spine arches beneath thin skin. The lounge is covered in harsh material that scratches her. She moves an ashtray and a glass, stained with red wine and lipstick, out-of-sight. She folds her legs and her arms to hide her nudity: she is gripped by humility – or shame – and feels overexposed to her phantom. She feels raw.It destroys her a little more each night, destroys her little world; it doesn’t even wake her up anymore. She studies the debris her phantom has left behind, reads letter fragments, repacks boxes; smooths out photographs against her bare thigh, slides them between the pages of heavy books. She has tears in her eyes.She storms about her house – throws back doors and draws curtains – tossing sheets and pillows and shirts off the rack in frantic exorcism.Fire burns her lungs, as her wild screams try in vain to form the sound of her phantoms name.Anguish overcomes her; like standing in an ocean, being swept away by waves of guilt and blame.She sits on her lounge, with her face buried in her hands, and lets out a tiny sigh and a tremor.She lights a cigarette and promises to keep her eyes open a little longer tonight.When her phantom returns, she will ask it to leave her alone. She’s very tired you see – and no longer wants to wake up to such a mess, in such a large, lonely house.
Once upon a time: shit happened. The end.implying brevity isn't a stylistic choice
chapter title: No offence, Nakamura  “Gentlemen, good morning. Roscoe, unless you want me to hook your screen up to theprojector again, I suggest you turn that goddamn phone off. Now, a question that I have asked myself several times over the years is this: how do we select senior executives at Piccolo Industries? I always arrive at the same answer: very, very badly. Assembled in this room, myself and to some extent Sal excluded, is one of the least talented groups of people outside ofCalifornia. If any one of you, right now, in a depressingly rare moment of informed inspiration, finally grew a pair of balls and crammed a grenade up his educationally-subnormal ass, taking thewhole sorry bunch of you with him to whatever squalid misery hole the Devil reserves for fatsuburban degenerates who die in such a manner having squandered every undeservedopportunity life has, presumably as part of some grand cosmic prank beyond my comprehension, presented to them, our share price would double instantly and I could finallyafford to pay off that lousy Arab fuck who says I felt up his retard daughter at that Unsung Heroes Awards fiasco. As if, Jesus! And we’d be able to hire a brand new management teamwithout going through the whole fuck-knows-why-so prohibitively expensive process of firing you hopeless pricks. A new team full of energy and ideas, a bunch of whip-smart Yale chicks with tits like the Hindenburg – before it crashed, obviously, a team that could finally show thoseslant-eyed little fucks at Imperial Jap Metric that Piccolo Industries is still able to kick their yellow asses all the way back to Naga-fucking-saki. No offence, Nakamura.” “None taken sir.”more: 
Novella about a detached loser who is obsessed with empty rooms and becomes estranged from his family and loved ones. I've gotten stuck, though I have an outline, and I also have trouble expanding on what I have. Tips for the latter?The air does not move. It is not frozen, it has just stopped. Projects unfinished will never receive their rest nor their purpose. An antique rotary saw hulks on the central island of the workshop. A scrawny yellow pencil lies beside it and a lone playing card and a table of measurements and a bolt. A few feet on either hand of the island, sunken into the muggy unstirred warmth, are lined tools above cabinets stuffed with even more tools. You cannot imagine that all of them were given their own time and you're probably right about that. The old man who once huddled in here, wearing a blue cap logoed by the fishing company he retired from and a striped linen shirt, digits slow and patient, repaired a lot of things before he left. Swings. A boat. He cut a tree down. But no, he probably never used the wrench two rows from the top, dead center. The last time his widow came into the workshop was three weeks ago; a neighbor stopped by and asked for a drill. The prints she left in the scattered trails of dust and saw-shavings will be here a while.In a month it will be July, and visiting relatives will step inside the silent shop to dig around for a loose hammer they need to hammer away with. The artifacts will sigh for the attention, and the lone inhabiting roach will make himself scarce. One grandchild will say "Gawr, he had enough stuff yeah?" A busy son will duck the sense of eeriness and reply with an unengaged "Sure did." A different grandson will think back to these objects' former owner, and how he wouldn't care for the way his boy's boy turned out - effeminate and naive.Then the door will shut, opening the shop back into dim light, rain drops, mold, recollections, and expectations.
Going there wasn’t the problem; the issue was he wasn’t ready. The Burderhayme Inn was too close for what day it was on the calendar, and he couldn’t seem to turn the car around. He’d put in inhuman effort to turn the wheel in fact, but with a pair of socks shoved down his throat and pair of silver plated steel handcuffs snugged very tight on his wrists and his legs hogtied from 3 hours before, he was basically a piece of ham thrown in the back of the SUV. Tyler, the fat smelly one, had been the one who arsed up his legs with the rope when they’d managed to drug him and then drag him through the diner parking lot across from VALUE-DISCOUNT-MART and put him in the vehicle. He was stuck. He had nothing to do now but lay quietly and think about what was going to happen.'Think happy thoughts' he thought as he tasted the sweaty socks his mouth. He made an involuntary retching sound. “ergh...ak.”He heard a large thing in front of him croaking and assumed it was a laugh... then there was a fart. Tyler. “You comfy back there, Bellack?” Tyler was trying to speak to him when he was gagged. Didn’t the idiot realize he couldn’t talk right now? Bellack glared at the back of his blindfold, hoping his stare could wither while covered up. Tyler chuckled in front of him, then burped. “You’re disgusting, Tyson.” The driver: a large black man with an expensive watch was all he had seen before he’d been bound. The driver kept getting Tyler’s name wrong. “I should have put you in the back with him so you don’t kill me with your breath.” “Fuck you, M! Hahaha-” Tyler stopped laughing to gurgle another burp out. “It’s that shitty diner Bellack likes. They put too much butter on the eggs. And you’re just smelling your own breath! Haha.”“You asked for extra butter. Twice. You even grabbed the girl’s arm to tell her extra butter on the eggs.” The driver had some sense. Thank God, Bellack thought. If the driver was still alive in 7 hours Bellack might just buy him dinner at that diner. All as a favor. No business this time. Another burp. “Yeah but they put too much butter on. It wasn’t just extra, it was a whole gob of butter."
If it makes it any less gay, it's a period piece, not fantasy.Galloping broke the silence of the Forêt de Haye. The beats of hooves charging throughout were as dense and fast as the empty winter trees which the riders passed. Jean thought it an appropriate place to take flight, through the withered limbs and wilted trunks that had lived through the worst of the frosts. Appropriate, as they seemed mutually forlorn; neither quite dead yet, but as close as they've came to it, with the barest chance of seeing spring. He rode in close quarters with his Prince, staring at the back of his head as he rode without hesitation. Jean sensed how tense he was, almost unmoving but for the motion of his mount, ducked down low as if trying to keep out of sight, with a profile similar to the caparisoned dogs sprinting adjacent; his tail between his legs, embarrassed. The Prince held his sword in an ungauntleted right fist, but it would do little good now. There was no chance this flight would go unnoticed by their foes. Still, there was reassurance in their quietness. While still the only noise came from their train, it was somewhat muffled underfoot by the snow-laden path, after it had fallen through the sparse canopy overhead. Flanked by the remaining honor guard, their closeness felt stifling to Jean. He was just an ensign, carrying the few remaining banners, looking out meekly under his half-up visor, aware of how his responsibility for his own life was superseded by that of these cloths which flicked against his horse's neck. Riding in the centre, he darted his eyes to either side, noting that both flanking riders also stared at their Prince silently, respectfully. Though both of their faces calmly belied what they must be feeling, their horses made up for it. Frothing at the mouth, their expressions crazed and eyes wild, as if their riders were more bridled than they were. Further back in the train however, the Prince's reception was less than humble. The hushed whispers of curiosity which came from its party lacked the solemnity of the vanguard. Jean could see from the corner of his eye, a herald to his right staring back sternly in an attempt to silence them. He felt congruous with the herald's sentiment, though not for the sake of attempting to stay hidden, but because it ruined the mood.
Hill thought he could trick a god, and so he prayed each night by his bedside. In this time he filled his mind with words he thought were words of prayer, of Father and Lord, in as many languages as he knew. Padré, Pére, hear me, please, mercy, merci. Any god would hear these words, when said god was scanning through the minds of the masses, and think Hill was a pious man. There are many pious men, and Hill would just chameleon among their ranks, falsely devout. If there was a god. If not, Hill had just practiced mindful thought for some minutes before bed. Honestly, he saw no detriment to his prayers, and said them, thought them, perhaps more earnestly than any other.In this time, the mind behind his mind would wander, his upper mind transfixed, but his lower freed. Great God upper would think, and lower would explore some other path. If Hill himself didn’t know of his lower mind, then god couldn’t either — and so he found solace and gave his subconscious full freedom.Every so often, more so on nights with shooting stars or a crescent moon like a blade, Hill’s lower mind would follow the same path as his upper mind. His upper mind would say, Great and Almighty, then, I am true to your word, and his lower mind would fill the gaps between, such as with, Please accept that I am —. Great and Almighty please accept that I am true to your word, and accept, please God, that I have changed, that I am changed. Times like these, Hill could stay up for hours as if in a trance. The night would carry on without him, and he would transcend. His lower mind would throw him though, stutter, and the upper would finish the prayer, and the lower would start considering all the things Hill needed to do before going to bed: put jacket on door handle, teeth, readjust his bedsheets.A knock on the door each morning was the modern rooster. Donna intended the knock to be the wake-up call, but Hill was always awake beforehand — brushed hair, clean breathe, eaten — as to not be caught unaware.‘Nice sleep last night,’ she clicked her the tip of her sneakers on the floor mat, it’s muffled, ‘nice awake to-day,’ she laughs, she bares her teeth like a hyena.‘How are you so peppy every morning. I can’t even,’ Hill emphasises à la Donna, ‘comprehend.’ ‘The day’s only what you make of it.’Years ago, Hill would have done this: He would have closed the door on her, maybe even politely — though not in a way to suggest compassion — waved her off first. At this time in his life his lower mind was devout in it’s love of a god, and his upper mind professed that this god was himself. And at night when the town was asleep, he’d have crept into her house and stabbed her. Hill revelled in his shows of faith, and thought of them as service to himself. He alone was full of grace, and murder, no reason to not put it bluntly, murder was his means of conversion. All the dead were his matyrs.
All of you could add some critiques too
Men prose. Interesting subject matter though
Maybe we're going to, asshat. But when whiny faggerts come on like durwp r u gona review tho it makes me want to just set myself on fire. I dunno why I'm so annoyed with you trying to tell me what to do; like dude I was gonna, get off my leaf. but now my leaf is all wet because some faggert came and shit on it. Anyway I'm just gonna say you're a nerd bird and leave it at that.
asshatdurwprugonathodunnodon't do this
Thanks, man. I just got to writing about a girl I like and thought it'd be interesting if I wrote about the guy as if he was so unable to function around her,. I've written more since then and I've kinda let myself flow freely a bit as each passage seems to delve into metaphors about war, childhood games, and this metaphor of jazz music/organised business just to explain how well-read and articulated her language is. I should probably write a detailed structured outline before i take it any further but I'm glad you like it, man. It must be doing something that makes it enjoyable, despite how self-indulgent it is haha

"The thought just jumped out of my head mid-sentence," and it did, that energized jackrabbit of a hippity-hoppity thought. "You're gonna be forced to make assumptions." He just assumed that class would be over with in about two hours and that once he got home there would be a lengthy margin of free time, of empty space till dusk, that would be filled with no more than soft sounding breath. Maybe he would actually go on that run that he's been postponing for longer than his memory could comfortably hold, handle, revisit like the alley behind his childhood home. But now, looking around at roughly 42 young, mainly white faces centered around one old, resting expressionless, distant and masked, he thought about his elevator pitch, in all its descent. Survival still? composed of a totally environmentally friendly plastic called–and here we're winging it, fabricating–polyurethanated ester, meant for starved 3rd world children, no, first aid kits? Yeah? Sure, incubating for fifteen minutes, enough time to be famous, that's enough for gestating a worldwide conceptual business venture even if its just for a class, right? No, let's keep it rhetorical. America: land of saccharine bombast and shameless exposition; I don't mind it here. I? Let's pretend we're one and/in the same. "Oh, I have a handout for you," she interrupts herself; revolves round the room; passes and says 'you're welcome' with a nearly imperceptible but genuine enough smile. The sound of fingers sliding down sheets of paper, rustling and rearranging drizzles down onto the room. "Your actual state could go down." But this is all he catches, tuning in momentarily, as he disregards the irrelevant, ungraded assignment the other students appear to pay attention to while he writes, listlessly, this slice of life the English language has yet to have seen. Novel, terribly original, please reckon me thee's thoughts, sheetless cots in log cabins settled somewhere outside of Medina, in Kentucky. John Wayne Gacy killed 33 children.
Dredge the ransacked sediment up from the sulfuric swamp bed, fling it like monkey turds. But wait before you do, and taste the damp dirt caked on your hands, savor it like your last birthday cake. Smell the manure, ignite the roses. Fling, chuck harder than a mango at Peru, faster than a Von Neumann brain or the exodus to lunch during middle school. Flee from your former thoughts and plummet into the moment. So he did, right as Dave was reaching the cathartic climax of his eulogy, in the retelling of apocrypha. With an unzipped ziplock bag resting on his lap, he packed the grime between his hands and knees and threw the first paddy at Dave's detestable face. The crowd turned and gasped, for the lack of a better word, flabbergasted, incapable of computing the gesture. He then threw the second, shouting: "fuck you, you cheating, lying piece of shit. I hope you rot in Hell!" Within seconds, two imposing security guards had him by the shoulders and were escorting him out of the funeral parlor and off the premises. The day was lukewarm, colorless and overcast. He looked back at the cemetery grounds, then got in his car and drove off without regard for his muddied steering wheel and reputation.
At precisely 6:44:00am, two things happened. The first beam from the top limb of the rising sun shone right into my eyes through a distant stand of dying juvenile elm trees. And the millet border around the eleven acre rectangle of flyover state clods littered with fresh-dead sunflower stalks erupted with shotgun fire.By 8, I had my fifteen doves, and had learned that there is subtle difference between the faded ear ringing induced by a gross of shotguns going off on all sides, and the white noise hiss of thousands of bird shot pellets raining down on brush and puddles. I had taken pellets to the head, bounced off my hat, my arms, bounced off my Carhartt, and legs, bounced off my camo. The ones that hit my hands really smarted. But they didn't break the skin.The dog fell asleep in the back seat on Route 44 around 9:30. The welts were all gone by the four-way south of town. All I could think of was: Does that count as being shot?
I like it. I am not one to comment on grammar or structure as I am pretty new, but this definitely drew me on. Gave me a new immediate feeling of who the protagonist was as a person.
*an immediateI'm on my phone
this threadnone of you will ever be successful writers
 implying I'm not already publishedBut that's cool, nothing's more productive than shitposting online.
Tide brought an empty ship, gifted from sea to land. The ship had sailed sail-less through waters calm unbroken between Plymouth, England 1885 to Cape Cod, Massachusetts 1902. They explained the oar-less-ness of the voyage with intercontinental currents and the sailor-less-ness with mass suicide - which was by all accounts save that of the sailors completely accurate.But people will talk, won't they?
publishedamazon isn't a publisher anon
first sentence is shit. if you want to write verisimilitude that people care build a time machine, go to exactly 6:30:72 AM Sunday 15/12/1895 and publish a book cause it hasnt been relevent since then.the rest is pretty good."By 8, I had my fifteen doves, and had learned that there is subtle difference between the faded ear ringing induced by a gross of shotguns going off on all sides, and the white noise hiss of thousands of bird shot pellets raining down on brush and puddles" is great
How about Penguin Random House, my friend.I get my connections on LinkedIn hooked up.
Always open to reviews 
I was sincere: I do not know exactly what is love, but although I do not know him, I must say that it seems a primordial error of our philosophers to recognize only the soul as its mother; only the spirit as his father, denying to the body and any slice and piece of his paternity, as if he was at best a distant uncle, shy and sterile. It’s our body just a mountain range of muscles, with occasional showers of sweat, with a loud echo cave called stomach, swamps of tubular fungi called intestines and burning boilers in the private parts below? Is the brain a simple spongy cloud of tempests, the skin a blanket of grass, the heart a nucleus of bubbling lava? Is our body a mere mountain of meat in which lies hidden the immaculate and bright jewel of the soul? After all, what is the soul? Does she have smell? No. Does she have taste? No. Maybe she has texture? Why, in the same way that the fog has texture. What about the voice: is thought the voice of the soul? Is she a kind of small crystal gnat trapped in the colossus of mud and dust of our gross human body, within which it lies, whispering its will? Unlikely. So, gentlemen, why this ghost, this specter, gets all the credit for all that is beautiful in us humans, whereas our bodies, that are always with us yes , our bodies abandon us only once are called servants of addiction, unclean dolls, meat cooked in dirt, pigs smeared with sin? Must the glory of nature be called a marionette of muddy rags, an incarnated sewage? That would be an injustice: if we celebrate the cold mosque of the soul, why not also celebrate the carnival of bodily heat? When something is good for us, and we wish this something to be seen with the paints of superiority, we say we love it, but never use the name of pleasure, being this name something crude, something bodily, something dirty. And yet, it’s not love the child of pleasure? When, still newborns, we suck the motherly breast, do we not do so because it’s good, because it’s pleasurable? And, on the deathbed, when we cover our dying bodies - that feel cold - with blankets, do we not so because warmth is good and pleasurable? Why we live with the people we love? Why, because it’s good. Pleasure, gentlemen, is the one who pulls us through our nose with his sugary finger through the road of life. But how do we feel that something is pleasurable? Well, thorough this walking radar: our body. Sensitive as the viscous antennas of the snail is our skin. How then can we know that we really love something? Why, by reading the language of our bodies. So, gentlemen, long life to our bodies, because we can only love while still having them.
Easy there, Spinoza. But I like it a lot. It has a somewhat alchemic feel, like an excerpt of a conference of eudemonologists and natural philosophers in a well-furnished cellar. Would read more. A lot more, if framed appropriately.My stuff:-Plague songs starting early today.She doesn’t answer. A low distant wailing filters through the darkened glass panes of the window, rising and dipping with the broken voices of the singers. He stares at the small black circle that is the sun gradually sinking into the skyline.-Why do you think they do that.-I guess it’s the pain.She without raising her eyes from the floor.-Why only at night then.She shrugging now.-Why should there be a reason besides chance.He looks at her for moment, a dark shape hunched on the carpet in front of a turned off television. Darker than the blocked out sun, he thinks. The buildings outside in the blossoming night are corpselike and illuminated. Beyond them he remembers slums and barren highways, or their suggestion carried by the wind.She moves clumsily in the dim unlight of the room.-Are you coming to bed now?- They may need me at the hospital later. We heard of an outbreak a couple of days ago.He looks at her reflection in the window, barely visible and pierced by inward lights. Keeps talking.-Ought to be hitting our zone now.-Maybe you can come to bed just for a bit.Humanity and warmth in these words, unsaid, hovering at the edge of understanding. He shifts on the chair, a few inches.-I’d wake you.-You’ll do when you came back.The bedroom door clicks closed. There are no stars in the sky. Some of the higher condo lights look the part.
“You’re…from the bike” Doc managed, feeling a little sense return, both literally and figuratively. He nodded as a sign of gratitude, though he still did not know what he was gracious of, or what he was to do. Gira spotted Small leaving the room, and upon leaving noticed he was speaking to himself: “One more unto the breach…” as close as he could make out.“Are you ok to move?” Mel was down on one knee looking up at the man still cradling his head as he sat edging the sofa. “This room’s not heated is all, once it gets dark out it’s best we get you into one of the dorms or something. We can save the guided tour for tomorrow once you’re feeling a little more up to it. I’m sure you can guess sort of what this place is like though right?” She was supposing he’d at least heard of them in his line of work…and supposing his line of work was something which took him to the investigatory extremes within information culture.Gira nodded plaintively. Psychological anguish had surpassed any symptoms of physicality, but he knew there would be some good news around the corner, he couldn’t possibly be so far removed from the karmic forces of the universe that he were to suffer further. The doc tried to stand atop two disintegrating masts of unresponsive flesh, he was caught by Mel.“Easy.” This guy’s hopeless. “I can try and get you through the breach and into the dorms, but you’re going to have to help me a little Gira.” Every footfall was a dire effort, Doc’s legs weren’t exactly helping her along, and she was succumbing to a similar mental breakdown after today’s events.“Hey Mel!” She heard Jenkins shout as she hobbled into the room, Doc limping uselessly along suspended by her frame. “I didn’t know you got a cock under there. News here says two men fled the police station on that bike-a yours.” He laughed to himself and spun on his chair, the many shadows cast from a great mess of interweaved monitors sporting wildly different displays rotating seamlessly into one another as if entombed in an interminable waltz.“I’ve never been obliged to take it out where you could see it o’course. Though I’d be happy enough to get it out for you if you’re on your knees.” She shot him a mocking smile and flipped him off with her free hand. In response Jenkins brought his hand to his chest and gasped in mock offense at the lewd comment and gesture.“Girl you don’t need to be fresh with me, you know if the opportunity presented itself I’d get on my knees for you any day.” He winked and spun back to the monitors to continue working. He was playing solitaire.
-So you say you saw some sort of demon? -I believe I did, Doc. -Describe what you felt when you saw this demon. -Doc, do you ever get that feeling? When you know, you break something, someone you know dies, or someone finds out you've been lying to them all those years, and in an instant this feeling washes over you like a tsunami of pure emptiness and desolation. The weight you were carrying on your back gets a little more heavier, a few muscles in your upper body begin to sort of twitch or contract, you perspire heavily, there's dark wet spots right where your armpits are, your eyes start to feel like glass and when you close them the feeling fails to go away, your face gets flushed with the shade of red only found in the most ripe of tomatoes, you begin to ask yourself if the room got hot or is it just you and you run to the air conditioner to check and the air conditioners just fine running like it normally does and then the thunder and lightning goes on outside as if God were hosting a drum circle then the room is no longer stationary and it starts spinning and spinning and spinning until you just can’t take it anymore and run out of the house and you put your knees down on the wet concrete the rain beating down relentlessly on your body cooling you down and you let out a scream for someone, please someone wake me up from the horrible nightmare i have slipped into oh please God forgive me for i have sinned and you decide to lie down on the cold wet ground shed a few tears then go back inside take a shower and lie on your bed until the storm comes to pass. Do you ever get that feeling? -And what do you call that feeling? -Fear.
Sam soaped his body over twice before stepping under the showerhead to wash white skin. Through a broken window, pigeons could be seen wandering across tarred shingles pecking at pebbled bits of asbestos. His legs, his feet, his hair, and of course, the space behind his ears, went always unwashed. Between steam and lost water, he thought, my body cannot help but be cleaned.  Neighbors were gathered in the street, rapt with discussion, gravitating towards each other to form proportionate groups of speculation. This chance encounter of collectivity, this flash of excitement, this public sense of emergency produced a festive environment. They all became anglers of speculation. Brave men and women sacrificed their distance, stepping forward onto dead grass, focusing all their attention on the sonic eruptions bursting from the Ellman house to gain understanding, to be the one who heard and knows now, to play as taletellers privy to others thoughts lost in circumstances of shock. Even yards from the front door, however, few words could be comprehended. The enthralling moment of commonality, us and them, the ecstatic struggle to turn trauma to tragedy, “we are all so awfully concerned you know,” and we must give each other something if nothing true can be found. “I heard Lisa banging on a door in there…. ooh Sam might have locked himself in the computer room…. well I heard the shower running, but I’m sure he can hear her… she’ll break down the door at this rate I heard that banging from around the block…. its just horrible what happened to Evie… can’t imagine what they must be going through… god knows how Lisa must feel with Tom’s behavior… you can be sure he hasn’t changed … and I thought Sam had been doing well since he came home… its all so tragic.” The street was humming with activity, acute consciousness, luminescent, visible from space, these creatures who divide themselves between cretin, king, and simple silent savage love to suffer, loving each other, suffering, lovely energy. Shallow piles of glass were scattered on shingles near the window on the roof, where dark spots of moisture could be traced to thin hues of blood; they collected themselves on residual shards of safety glass, made misty by the thundering showerhead inside.
DocThat's a little personal, isn't it? Unless the character is a blue-collar dumbfuck which, looking at the syntax, I can tell it's not I'd drop that.
I posted this under the assumption that Doc referred to an actual Doctor. Disregard if that's incorrect.
Easy there, Spinoza.Thank you for your kind words :But don’t worry: I don’t actually have that view of life. This is from a scene where several characters are making speeches about love, and this character is one of the earthiest and more crude of them all although he is also learned, since he worked in a library for some time and read quite a lot.As for my own personal views of love and pleasure, I don’t have them. I guess that I generally go with the things that science tells us about neurochemistry and all of that, but I don’t have any significant view of life I don’t think I am smart enough to actually have firm and immutable believes. I liked your piece: very natural and with a nice flow. I liked the sudden and unexpected descriptions like the buildings as corpses. The simple line: “Maybe you can come to bed just for a bit.” Is the first thing that grabbed my attention. Very humane, very life-like.What’s your story about?
in the story, the Doc hes referring to is a psychoanalyst brought in to see if hes alright in the head. its an out of context part, and i mainly posted it because of the description of fear
Ah, my words were deserved. I may have been a tad too purple in my praise, but I'll chalk that up to my reading Dracula and Spinoza recently even though, again, it reminded me of something an unothodox academic such as Van Helsing would say. I take it's a piece from a book? Because if that's representative of its quality, I'd really love to read it one day or the other - that is to say, for you to get published.My piece is just some improvised flash fiction I wrote to quickly sketch a relationship on the backdrop of some unspecified, dark future megalopolis. A gut reaction to the fact that apparently no one wants to write science fiction dealing with something other than action and explosions and aliens. I should expand on the idea probably, but I don't know how.
I take it's a piece from a book?Yeah, this excerpt comes from a play that I wrote a comedy in 5 acts, in blank verse, rhymed verse and prose: some sort of pseudo-imitation of Shakespeare. It was published in 2014, but till now I only know that one or two friends and relatives have read parts of the thing.The problem is that the original is in Portuguese, and the majority of /lit/ users don’t know the language not that I am blaming them: Portuguese is still very marginal in the world, but if we got lucky it might become more important in years to come.
It was published in 2014tell us the name
So you're working on an english translation? Cos I'll admit, I'm itching to read it.Even though I'm Italian and I could probably blunder my way through the original.
France is a cool name, jealous
Well, I was always afraid of naming it here, but since I have already given the name of the book to some Brazilian anons my anonymity is already compromised.The name of the book is “Um Hino ao Vazio”, in English it would be “An Hymn to Emptiness”.But don’t you guys build expectations about it: it is not a big deal. So far I haven’t got any criticism or appreciation: it is like if the work did not even exist and to be frank, my talent is very limited. I am afraid that you would probably be disappointed.Here is the thing:
From what I can brute-force out of the blurb, it really sounds incredibly good. All the praise may start to sound inauthentic but no, I'm serious. Looks like you may be one of the people on /lit/ with actual talent.If you do manage to publish it in English - or finish the translation, really, do let us know. I'd buy a copy immediatly.And yes, maybe we're over-hyping it, but I'd be willing, as I said, to buy it and check it out.
Any chance of getting a critique on this?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
Started today"Hearken, Son of Sun, from fiery loins of emperors and kings. Closer, I habban no mouth with which to shouten; ewoer heart hearens me. Ye habban no guard or guide, but me.""What ancient accent." The young prince in a coral red cape stepped to a glass cabinet. Within it a crescent moon knife forged from two crossed steel crescents, its handle encrusted with diamonds. "I have guards, but hide from them. They hover around me tight and block out air.""Ye habben changed like this kingdom holding me hostage. It spoke a glorious guttural growl but is now Glorious Korno only in name. Still I prayed a ruler of Umen Empire would still speak as old.""Umen’s not been an empire in many years and generations.""I know, having bore witness to its fall. Ransacked and pillaged, its treasures boxed in chests and brought here where I languish polished on display for enemies to stare at.""You're from Umen? Being here all these years, you must know Umen and Glorious Korno have formed allegiance, you've no enemies.""Lies. Have you been stolen, too? Has Umen been destroyed and its king archived away with me?""You demented rusted weapon, stop calling me a king. I am Prince Nushi of Umen.” The prince in red bowed. “Umen yet flourishes. Our court philosophers believe there’s never been such unity in all its land. Our economists believe we've never been wealthier. Oracles sing of seven thousand years of peace under my family's reign.""You will reign? As future king, never believe inane blithering of oracles, from whom philosophers and economists bear little distinction. You need me, forged to serve emperors and kings of Umen; I am thine. Taken me to reunite with my twin.”"Your twin?""Crescent moon blades are forged in pairs. Each with seven edges and brilliant handle, blade which doubles as a shield, but I am worthless without my twin.""Where is it?" The prince gazed into nearby displays."Umen, she was taken from me, hidden away where no mortal could plunder. There she will be, there we must go. You will take me, and our powers united will rival any foe of any world. For when she shields you, I will stab. When I drag spears from your foe’s grip, she will slash. When wielded alone, we are awkward talons. When wielded together, by hand of a king, you will dance around any fighter in all our world. Poets shall sing of your finesse in close combat.""I couldn't leave this place with you. There are too many guards. Too many unfamiliar halls.""I have a witchcraft that will make you a flicker of light on wind. Though I lay on damask over steel, speak my name. Within its incantation hides a powerful bond that will shatter any metal or stone to unite us. No man alive has heard or spoken it, but now I have a King’s ear as I was forged to guide them alone.""Speak it, then, and we’ll leave Glorious Korno. I’ll take your handle and appreciate it. Take you to Umen and wield you to and through my reign when it comes. Speak your name.""Reza!"
Butchers, bakers, candlestick assembly line workers, all selling their life for an hourly fee. That's society. So in a way we're all prostitutes, and that's true whether you work as an IT consultant or a bus driver, or in my case literally a prostitute.It's surprising or exotic or terrible for some people, but it's the same as most jobs really. Like any other this one has its ups and downs, and again, in this line of work many of them are literal. But the main thing that makes it a job is that I feel about my job like how you feel about yours. It's a pretty simple concept, but people struggle. I always explain to people who know about my job, that the sex is boring but the free time is great, and mainly the job is tolerable just like any other stupid job. Of course I always pretend to clients that the job is amazing to get them to finish up. What can I say? The sex is boring, the free time is great. I'm lying in bed, even when I'm on top. Not that you need to be too convincing. All these men want to believe me, they all want to be fooled. Now over the years that means a few will fall in love with you. It's sad, it is. But also kinda funny. I've forgotten most things about them before they've left, and they're telling of their love for someone who's name isn't really mine, who's character isn't really mine. It's always surreal when someone does it. Especially with this guy doing it right now. But today it isn't funny, because this one's got a gun.
The bourgeoisie aren't prostitutes. They're pimps and johns.
you're actually so stupid and have no idea what actually happens to people being prostituted. over 50% of the people reading this are going to think you're an idiot who has no idea about anything so you should probably scrap the whole idea.99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly in that they were initially or are still physically forced into it or are there because if they aren't, they're facing death. so, these girls and women aren't "having boring sex", they're being raped you can't buy consent, so there is no consent; therefore, it's rape. honestly most "sex" is coercive anyway so...extrapolate from there. tbh men just shouldn't write female characters because they always do it wrong.
I felt a cool chilly wind on my skin and goosebumps rose on my arms. It would probably be the last time that I would see her, since I'd be leaving for a long vacation. As I walked towards her house, I reminisced about the fun times we had together. I'd known her for all my life and had some fun times with her.I entered the small, yet cozy house, looking if someone else was there. Good, no-one else but Alice was present. I asked her "Hey Alice, how are you today?" while I went into the kitchen. "Today's a nice day ain't it Alice? I'm glad I can spend it with you. You know, I'll be leaving tomorrow. Going to California." I lit up the stove and began chopping some fresh onions I had bought for the occasion. I love onions. They always give some extra flavor. "I'm sorry that you can't come with me though, I hope you understand". Cutting the meat was actually harder than I had thought. It smelled quite bad and I had to go relieve myself. "Sorry for that Alice, this is my first time doing this". It was indeed the first time I'd ever tasted this kind of meat. It wasn't particularly good, or pleasurable, but eating it in front of Alice made me feel good. She was always looking at me with those dark-brown, dead-looking eyes. I really liked that about her, it made me feel aroused. After I'd finished, I kissed Alice's face good-bye and left her on the table. "bye honey, see you soon. Do you mind if I borrow your car? I came on foot", I asked her while taking the keys from the drawer. I closed the door quietly as I left the house. I stepped into the car and drove off, leaving my precious girl behind.
99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly in that they were initially or are still physically forced into it or are there because if they aren't, they're facing death.Nope
From a story I'm working on, about miscommunication in the 21st century. The main character is a neckbeard who falls in love with a legbeard:I’m truly in disbelief. I didn’t know that there existed creatures as utterly lacking in self-awareness as Janet appears to be. I was browsing Facebook when suddenly I saw her post that she had written an article for whatever bullshit feminist organization she’s interning for. In a moment of weak incontinence, I couldn’t resist the urge to congratulate her. I believe there was a half-way sincere thing in the impulse, but either way, it got us talking for about an hour. We had a nice, meandering conversation. Very witty, like it always was. Then, I make the cardinal error of deciding to end the conversation with a particularly lame joke. And Janet, in her infinite resentment, responds – not as a normal, well-adjusted person, sensible toward some elementary notion of tact or decorum would, with a “oh my god, that joke is so lame…ok, I’ll ttyl!” - but with an expression of the highest order of petulance: “I HATE THAT”. Those three words had the power to throw me into such a paroxysm of rage that I have hardly known. There was no hint of irony to detect in her expression, and I didn’t know what inference to draw other than the embarrassingly grim conclusion that she is indeed expressing sincere ill-feeling towards a benign joke that I had made – and here’s the best part – that she thought that would be an optimal way to end a conversation in this free republic, in these fifty United States of America! I am in utter disbelief that a 21st century person beyond the age of twelve is even capable of such truculence. I am positively smoldering here as I can see she is active on Facebook, and makes no effort whatsoever to make herself understood, let alone apologize. I am halfway-set in my mind of demanding an apology this instant, but I don’t want to sour our relationship even further.If this is what she is like to mere acquaintances, can you imagine what a horror she must be to date! Oh God, thank you Janet, thank you, my sincerest, eternal gratitude to you, thank you for being such an insufferable bitch – and so unconsciously, so autonomously, as to leave no doubt in the mind as to your nature. You do it so effortlessly, it really is an admirable thing. You are so wanton with your red flags, you are a veritable referee in the most uncivilized game of football ever played. How smugly you display your complete lack of politeness, with what majesty you swell your homely figure! With what complete candor you admit to the most unfeminine faults imaginable – and to think that despite these things, I find you attractive - God! Utterly repulsive, a Giantess – a slattern – and a proud one! You truly must be on the spectrum!
lol you can't just say "nope" to something that is actually fact. as in, there's evidence for it and is rooted in reality. there are some prostituted women who "choose it for themselves" which is its own issue but i'm not going to get into it, but those women are few and far between.
assuming she wanted to talk to you in the first placeassuming she wants to date anyonethink femininity is a positive thing for womenand if this isn't based on an experience that you had then this is so far gone and depressing and pointless that i feel almost sad for you. :
that's kind of the point, it's about a neckbeard so he complains about the girl's lack of awareness but he has the same problem
but it sounds exactly like real life things that men say so it's not really satire or interesting
It's actually fact that 99% of women who leverage their sexual desirability are being forced to do it?Maybe that's why models always have such blank expressions.From the, you know, terror.
lol you mad
comparing modeling not pornography to prostitution is pretty far off. i have my issues with the fashion industry too, but it's not even on the same level as sex trafficking. a lot of girls and women aren't even paid or are paid very little when they're forced to have sex with men. it IS forcible given that there's a real risk of being killed by a variety of different men who are in control of the situation. the large majority in the high 90's percentage-wise of prostituted women have been sex trafficked into the industry. plus, sexual desirability is such a small part of why men want to pay money to rape women.
plus it's been shown that around 70% of women who have been prostituted meet the criteria for a ptsd diagnosis, while the average for war veterans is 15%. so obviously there's great terror involved.
oh
He was unlike any other actor in The Valley. Most Johns took pride in their size, endurance, body count, the amount they could cum in one shot and how many times they could do it. Their jawline, abs, the new Porsche they drove to the set. This isn’t to say he didn’t take pride in these things, of course he did. He had all and tenfold - but what set him apart was his ethic. The devotion and love he had for the business bled through each reel of the dirty life and times which comprised his films - and they were his films. Producers, financiers, directors, lead actresses no matter their stature took wayside to Don Johnson and all of his thirteen-inch grandeur.
you said nay twice in that sentence. kill yourself
Reminds me of Clockwork Orange. I like it.
I walk towards the line and lean up against the counter. I almost forget to speak, but she’s looking right at me so I’m going to have to. “Hi.” “Hi.” The conversation has not started as well as I had planned. I had assumed that maybe if I said “hi,” she would say “hi” back and start telling me about her day. The stupidity of my plan seeps into the back of my neck and I feel sick. To her I am just some guy in a sweater who said “hi.” I don’t even have a coffee. I realize she may be able to figure out that I didn’t even come here to order a coffee. I just came in to say “hi” to her. I am still leaning against the counter. “Hi.” Fuck. I said “hi” again. We both already said “hi,” I didn’t need to do that. I immediately start talking again to leave her no time to think about the fact that I have repeated myself. Unfortunately, I had nothing lined up in my mind to talk about. It’s too late now, I’m talking.
Occasionally I add to a sort of masturbation journal I was going to write as a novel as a joke. This is half of a long ass paragraph from this February:I have just realized that it is only after using my own imagination that I find myself exhausted, quite literally drained. With porn, I can start and finish in a matter of moments my record is 20 seconds after erecting, not really needing to catch my breath. I cum, put away my sock, pull up my pants, and carry on with my night. With imagination, I must take a few minutes to catch myself, a pause to regain my bearings. I think it is because of the sheer amount of effort required for me to use my own thoughts in this act – as I have said before, I very rarely get erections out in public, though I do sometimes encounter images that vaguely excite something within me. Take for example an event that happened today at university, when a girl sitting beside me kept moving her smooth, tanned leg in my peripherals, bouncing it up and down, kicking it forward, to the point that I often thought it was intentional I swear I could see her head turn in my direction with some frequency; I sit next to a wall on the opposite side of the classroom from the lecturing professor, and the clock is on the wall behind us, so there is nothing else she could be looking at. This has happened every day in this class but it was only just now that I decided to "use" this image. As I drew nearer to the time I intended for my act, I grew increasingly more excited, but not physically. To actually masturbate, I had to essentially jiggle my penis with my hand to force blood flow an act required often for porn use as well. Furthermore, I believe I had my eyes shut almost the entire time, and I know I was breathing heavily though I am pretty sure it was partially intentional in order to force myself into a further excitement. Unfortunately, thoughts of this girl's tan legs were not quite enough. Luckily I foresaw this, and made sure to check out how plump her thighs were, as well as the shape of her ass in her bright orange shorts her thighs were pretty great for my primal urges, but her ass left much to be desired for; I had to alter details a bit in my mind. I have seen her face and upper body before, but my mind is not good with faces and she hasn't worn any particularly revealing tops, so I had to improvise here as well. I was able to easily remember she had dirty blonde hair and wore glasses, as I had recently discovered that I had an until now unknown preference to blonde white girls with glasses and blonde Asian girls with glasses, and blonde Hispanic girls and black girls, though the latter two do not always require glasses, so that detail stuck with me from weeks ago. Thinking of anything above her waist did not lead to any progress, so I had to go for a rather drastic change and mentally add white stockings to her legs, the stark white fabric forming brilliant contrast with her brown legs.
bump, says i
Arguing about prostitution is not what I wanted, I just wanted feedback on my actual prose.99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly.something that is actually factplus it's been shown that around 70% of women who have been prostituted meet the criteria for a ptsd diagnosis, while the average for war veterans is 15%. so obviously there's great terror involved.When it comes to prostitution, facts are not as certain as you think, and your ones are the lies and fever dreams of a moral panic.
these link back to themselves, though eventually get to one study that doesn't really look reputable. given that the figures are so obviously ridiculous, i'm not even going to bother looking into it closer.but men will pick and choose what studies to believe and when they read "70% of whores [sic] say that prostitution raised their self-esteem", they'll believe it because they want to. there's a chance that some of my numbers are vaguely conflated and inflated i didn't link to any studies so i really can't expect you to take my word for it, but actually reputable studies are out there but they don't swing to the opposite side of things, so it doesn't really matter as they're never going to align with what you're spouting.
i think you should masturbate less, it seems like this huge chore for you. i mean, juggle your cock for bloodflow, fuck. do you smoke?otherwise, good prose, would read a novella mostly made up of these if it had an interesting hook to a sideplot that the masturbating creates changes in or something
every time a man ejaculates, he's actively destroying his reproductive potential, because every time new sperm is created its likelihood of mutations increase. it's actually really funny. masturbation mutants.
these link back to themselvesThe posts are an index of posts she's made on misleading stats. Is there any figure in either post that you can not find the original source for by following her links?eventually get to one studyWhat? There are a whole bunch of figures quoted in both blogposts from a range of different studies. picking and choosing what studies to believeYou are doing this, not me.there's a chance that some of my numbers are vaguely conflated and inflatedIf you're the one who posted about PTSD, there's a lot more than just a chance, as proven by the links I gave you.And how do you like my writing style in the extract I posted?
Thank you
Sorry anon, but this is terrible. I could hardly bear to read it all because it's so bad. This does not at all sound like what a prostitute would be saying, and just the way you write has this sort of annoying twinge on it. And even for the initial describing of a character, this is painstakingly bland. So, bland, unrealistic, unconvincing, and just generally annoying.
This is great. Thoughtful, flowing, descriptive. Not jarring or choppy or overly pretentious like much of the prose here. Sorry for the terribly short review, but I'm about to be off and wanted to let you know how much I liked your writing.
Ugh, my god just shut up. If you were going for insufferable, you've achieved it. I understand your purpose, but this is too far off the scale if you know what I mean. This is a shitty review but whatever figured you'd want it anyway.
Mel spotted Harli excusing herself from the room. Harli’s nickname, courtesy of Mel, was ‘Harli the Harlot’, in semi-ironic mockery of the fact she was without a doubt the chastest of the lot of them. Mel could never make up her mind about whether Harli’s devotion to waiting to give her whole to the right person was an act of admirable or contemptible naivety – as regardless of her virginal sanctity Harli had a penchant for earnestly confessing new fetishisms she had taken to within her virtual reality constructs. These sincere confessions were made stranger by her reluctance to show any awareness that it was not standard sexual practice to want to be tied upside down by your ankles, or smothered in food, or pissed on, or infantilised or ridden by anthropomorphic creatures, to her this was all by-the-by and she would never hesitate from describing in detail her simulated escapades to anyone who would listen. The truth was, nobody wanted to listen, but her charming endearance prevented everyone from silencing her. That, as well as some of her tales being incredibly arousing to certain parties.
My take: your lack of imagination is not my moral conundrum as a scientist.Technology will always be used to create weapons, to poison the groundwater, to rob the poor, and generally to do harmful things. Throughout history this has been a constant, a basic feature of civilization that has transcended all cultural boundaries.That so many people continue to fear the consequences of scientific advancements today often with good reason is a testament to the pressing necessity of human enhancement research. Under such a fearfully consequentialist view of science, where does science become safe for general consumption? Do we halt research in physics and chemistry to prevent advancements in the destructive power of military weaponry? What about research areas with less obvious consequences? Do we cease research in computing and networking because violent uprisings in the middle east, greece, etc. have been directly enabled and aided by the same? Has anyone ever seriously considered this thought?Of course not. Science will be an intellectually violent force when it must, and may be coopted for nefarious purposes from time to time. Its basic codes and principles exist outside of any political, religious, or cultural ideology. Its results, however, do not, and therein lies the problem.But the problem of unintended or undesirable consequences isn't one for the scientist, it's one for society at large. Information wants to be free. There's very little you can do about it in the short term and absolutely nothing you can do about it in the long term. As in evolution, to keep up we need always to be running in place. Scientists aren't evildoers for learning how to split the atom or how to genetically modify crops -- knowledge exists outside of the moral sphere.The particular dangers posed by certain innovations are clearly more troublesome than those posed by others, yes. These dangers don't just float about in the aether waiting to wreak havoc on humanity, however: without human action, they can never come to light. Continued technological advancement without simultaneous mental advancement will, without a doubt, lead to the downfall of human civilization, and the probable extinction of the human species in turn. We can't say how or when for sure, but history coupled with modern scientific understanding leave no question as to the dire threat we pose to ourselves.Human enhancement research is, then, one of the best possible uses of science to prevent collapse. Of course there will be all sorts of disruptions and upheavals if "significant cognitive enhancement" is achieved. Was there ever any serious alternative?
Go fuck yourself dude. You obviously are just talking your own mediocrity out on me. It's pretty pathetic, actually.
what does 'off the scale' mean?
Does anyone find that the content of the story can dictate the prose? I'm writing something set in present day with nineteen year old protagonists, and it just feels wrong whenever I insert anything too complex in terms of vocabulary or description. I feel locked into a 'Hemingway' approach.
oh shit, I just noticed the guy in the background thats picture gets posted occasionally
Ok, thanks for the feedback.
lol
I wrote that thing with the prostitute, not this guy. Not sure if he's trolling or confused.
Jesus Christ what am'i reading? hey at least you tried keep writing but stay away from prostitutes
spanish native speakerI don't pienso that I can hacer that, compadre.
You're inspired me to write a story about prostitutes.~Sheila the whore~On the winter morning cum filled her deep throat, as she kept sucking dick semen roll down her stomach filling her slim belly as sour cream fills drunk's man burrito. He was left just like an african kid, starving to death, given that so much cum she took out of him that his body consumed muscles and tissues to produce cum."That was great babe, HEH" said the bad boy"Mmmmmm" said Sheila licking her lips"Gotta go now HEH. Me play football with the boys, HEH""i luv u" said Sheila cleaning the semen over her tits"See ya, HEH"Sheila was 16 at the time, and the first blowjob awoke her inner goddess. She was now a woman. Having sex she finally achieved maturity, and as a fully grown-up person she spent the rest of her days laughing and giving lessons on maturity to the innocents and dirty virgins, whom being unable to get laid knew nothing about life.Five years later, at the tender age of 21, she was camping with her boyfriend that decide to leave her after a fight. Being a grown-up woman she used her strong feminity and entered the boys bathroom, stripping her clothes and sucking everyone's dick. When the police heard about what was happening in the bathroom, they went to stop the happenings that cannot take place in such place, and took Sheila and her friends she just met out, to the police station."Le'me go!, Imma full-grown woman!" screamed Sheila while the police man took her to their car.Soon after things got worse, one of the men whose dick she sucked also filmed the bathroom orgy, and uploaded to the internet. Sheila, not wanting to look like a whore, said she was raped, by the men and the police, but no trace of rape was found.The police sue her claiming defamation, and thus she is now in jail, probably sucking dicks there too.Plot twist: It's not fiction, it happened in my country two years ago. I never knew Sheila, I just saw it in the news.
Plot twist: It's not fiction, it happened in my country two years ago. I never knew Sheila, I just saw it in the news.I have another one of a girl who was found fucking outside a club. Video included.
my biggest complaint also
Can I please get a critique on this?I keep posting snippets of my novel in this thread and nobody ever seems to read them.
Mel spottedThe entire passage is the thoughts of a character.This is called Filter Writing, google it then avoid it.semi-ironic mockery of the factcharming endearance charmI doubt you talk like that so why write like that?without a doubtcould never make up her mindsincere confessionsclicheYou know whole Show Don't Tell rule? This is where you'd wanna have a scene of Harli telling one of her stories and another character not being able to bring himself to shut her up.Goodlluuuuck
She went to the lake, and should she rightly. She thought she'd do him, but not tonight, she'd do someone else tonight, but post about it on Iiiiiinstagrammmm...
adverbdropped.
Writing it this way is preferable to have to go into description of gratuitously explicit and fetishistic sex acts.I'm usually an advocate of "show don't tell", however, it is neither relevant or needed to have the reader experience those stories in this case.I WILL however, try and remove filter words upon editing the piece, this is an extremely rough draft.I doubt you talk like that so why write like that?I doubt most people in modern society talk like what they'd write, I'd rather have my own style of writing than use my everyday conversation voice.clicheOh no, I'm using phrases which are commonly used within the English lexicon. Common phrases are fine if they work, though I make a conscious effort to avoid using too many in my work.Sincere confessions isn't even a cliche though I can't recall ever hearing it used or seeing it written
doubt most people in modern society talk like what they'd writeHence why most writers suck, but okay.Good luck.
I understand where you're coming from entirely, it's probably not the greatest example of my writingnor is anything in this rough draft, but I'm trying my best to shit this onto the page before all motivation and creativity leaves me.Also, the whole paragraph isn't a character's thoughts, everything after the dash is just out-and-out character description.Though that itself is a problem due to it being expository
bill burr/10
Would really appreciate any comment on these two shabby things
was ignoredrewrote it all, because it was too shit for /lit/ to speak on it.
Cheer up mate. Dismember: perfect makes practice.
this is the first page of a story I'm working on. I don't know if I'll ever finish it or not since I'm not in a really write-y mood as of late
Gira nodded empathetically. Struggling to grasp how anything could even route through that many servers without some sort of data loss or interception. The door creaked open and in came Mel, carrying a small tray with the deft hands of an assassin disguised as a waitress. The tray came unto the table without making a sound, and there stood three bottles of beer sweating cool water into shallow puddles. He wasn’t usually one to drink beer. He picked up the bottle and took a mouthful anyway.“You ladies have anything interesting to discuss whilst I was away?”“He won’t believe me Mel, thinks there’s no way that the governments behind this. Whole thing’s probably some sting operation, like, they get you to bring him here, he finds out everything and suddenly we’re on some blacklist with SWAT and FBI bustin’ in kickin’ ass and takin’ names.” He threw the words about emphatically, disregarding Gira’s existence. “Never seen a more obvious plant in my life, sittin’ there photosynthesisin’ takin in all our information like it’s motherfuckin’ carbon monoxide.”“Jenkins, plants don’t…” “Just look at him, acting like he don’t know nothin’, pretendin’ he’s in the same sitchation as us, gonna bring a ton of shit down on us hard, like nothin’ we ain’t ever seen I tell ya.”
No other city became one with the sun such as Khiva. The Uzbek people had built its houses out of rustic brick and mortar from that steppe hard soil, and when the call for the last prayers sounded from the minaret of Djuma, the angle of the master-star upon the west seemed to reflect its light on a mosaic. What emanated was the sensation of something terribly old, from the deep dark shamanic past, or even from the more mundane secrets that were obscured by the walls of the Itchan Kala. Even then, there was beauty in that late afternoon glow; the blue stone details that the Khans used to crown their buildings with construed a earth-and-sky counterpoint that still needed fish oil lamps from the Aral Sea to keep itself illuminated and warm; vaguely, one might say.I thought of writing a poem on Khiva, on the near future. Looking over towards the city was inspiring, as my thoughts make clear. Some would say my fascination with panoramic views was partially responsible for the reactions I had for what I saw on my way. That my nature of an easily-impressed person led me to an uncommon destiny. I think those are banal thoughts, and anyway I do not wish to dwell on it.The late afternoon I described could be a generic one, yet I am not what you would call predictable. It was the third of Hajj, 1255 or February 7th, 1840 for the Christians. The wind was strong and icy, the snow was stubborn, the nights grew darker and I waited for a visitor near the gate of Khiva’s madrassa.“So you were telling me the truth about this magical sky”, said the familiar voice, floating in from my blind spot.non-native speakerPlease rate.
cute
You guys post so much like no wonder I lose interest within the first two sentences. Honestly, pick out not more than a paragraph for real critique, nobody here actually wants to edit your story for you.
I stood sentry on the northern wall on the day when the first waves came. I was actually daydreaming about not being saddled with body armor and Kevlar when the yell came from the lookout tower. "Multiple contacts in the north field! 175 meters!" My head spun about to see the legions of people running straight for the compound at a full sprint. Falcons blared to rouse sleeping men from their bunks. Confused shouting and pointing brought more guns to my side of the wall as I planted a foot on the a parapet and strained to pull the charging handles and chamber the first round of the .50 cal. "150 meters!" the lookout yelled. The shift commander materialized behind me as I set my elevation swing on the gun. "You got enough rounds for this?" He asked."yeah, I've got eight belts" "Good. pick your targets and don't waste rounds.""125 meters! Here they come!" The lookout yelled one last time. I took hold of the grips the same way I'd done everyday this whole fucking summer long and hunched down to eye the sights on he masses growing larger in the sight picture. They were coming, raggedy clothes, half shaved heads and all. "Jesus, sir." I gasped. "What are they?"The captain lowered his binoculars and spit. "The worst scum that could ever exist. Tumblr feminists" The shouts and chants that seemed like a low roar began to morph into words as they drew closer. A pink banner waved by the one at the head of the horde read: "Saint Caitlin Bleeds For All Of Us. #pronoun""OPEN FIRE!" The captain yelled.I squeezed the thumb triggers and the 50 cal began to buck as it sent Fire down range. Hot rounds pierced the crowd, taking out two at a time. 100 rounds gone. Two hundred rounds gone, 300. "Chok Chok Chok Chok" the machine barked.By the time my barrel was smoking the numbers had dwindled to half. But I didn't let up. I manned my post. You should've seen them. They were... Animals. Cut off shorts and neck tattoos framed by internet logic and piercings. I dared not let off he triggers for a moment for fear of being overrun. I kept up the rate of fire as others changed their belts and resumed. I wanted to feel sorry for them and their misled causes but all I could feel was the recoil shaking by being. "Chok Chok Chok Chok" There were more shouts of alien languages all around but all I could hear was my gun. The targets between the left and right limits of my firing lane began to dwindle. Soon, there were no more standing targets advancing. And when the bolt fell upon an empty chamber, there was nothing left of the horde but silent bodies. The barrel belched smoke like a chimney. As fast as I could manage I opened the tray and fed another belt through. The captain patted me on the shoulder "that was some excellent shooting, son." He smiled. "Where did you learn to smoke tumblr fags like that?""/lit/ sir. I learned it on /lit/.""Well, you keep it up and there's a retirement in oldfag country for you.""Do you really think so?" I asked."Twinkie house."
Right?
First paragraph of a short story I'm currently writing. Would love to know if it intrigues, or if it's straight drab, shit, whatever.He could see the Dallas skyline shimmering in his rearview mirror, drifting away, a glacier on the horizon. I-35 opened up before him as he exited Central, and he released a sigh of relief. 234 miles lay ahead until the next interstate, then innumerably more. At once giddy and weary, he wasn’t sure whether or not this trip was a good idea, or what constituted a good idea for that matter as modesty creeped in. Having left twenty-two minutes prior, he couldn’t manage to escape the cranial echo of his mother’s voice–a voice perpetually preoccupied with extravagant worries, worries that passed the time like knitting Freddy Krueger quotes onto throw pillows, or gardening, all to disguise the nest’s chirp-less Autumn air, and the rock-a-bye babies below. “Don’t drive at night. Call me whenever you stop at a hotel. Don’t drive in the rain!” Okay, mom. I will…Mom, I’m twenty-two. Mom, please, It’ll be okay: a peculiar lie for its bittersweet flavor. But he did know that he wouldn’t stay in a hotel, that he would ‘stay’ elsewhere, in his car, in a tent? in motel rooms still carrying the aroma of lonely truckers and their scaly hot lizards, where he might be forced cocoon himself in stain ridden sheets just to combat the sub-zero arctic flurry blasted by broken A/C units’ in a dampened room whose only sound is the sound of free HBO, of softly spoken sleep-talk, a drip. Not all metamorphoses resulted in a Kaftan horror-tragedy, nor in elegant, earth-shaking butterflies, he reminded himself. He smirked; he smiled. He paused at the sight of a church billboard, then laughed a laugh of luxury as he envisioned rolling around in the aftermath of Rick and his bottom-bitch Deidre.
nice
no, that is pretty essential and if you can't see that then you have zero literary sensibility and are probably a worthless teenager or some mental equivalent
She looks like Bailey Jay
This is the first chapter from a short story I'm working on.“Mark’s dead. Funeral’s this weekend…” Logan’s text read. He hasn’t texted or called in months or maybe years. No one from home has. “Ok” I replied without a period. I didn’t ask how. It didn’t really matter. All that mattered was that he was gone but he’d been absent from my life for awhile now so it’d didn’t make much of a difference. I wonder how much the airfare is going to set me back. I’ll definitely be staying in a hotel too.The next day I didn’t go to a travel agent as my parents had suggested. It wasn’t that it was too expensive, I was just unaware they still existed. Seemed like they’d all died with Pet Rocks and Quaaludes. I booked my flight to leave tomorrow morning so I’d have time to have sex with Cierra before I left. I think she gets off work at six tonight. Maybe seven. I think I’ll have her get take out from Chang’s Dynasty in Koreatown. I’ll miss Chang’s. She got home at eight with Ming’s Dynasty. I think she’s been seeing someone after work. I could’ve sworn she got off at six. Maybe seven. I don’t really like Ming’s. Their Chow-Mein is too thick and their rice stuck together and is usually stale and their fried butterfly shrimp is too greasy. We had sex some 45 minutes after we ate. It was okay. We laid in bed afterwards watching Netflix. I was smoking a Camel Blue, she a Newport Menthol 100. I hate menthols, especially that she was smoking one after sex. They remind me of trap music which reminds me of Inglewood which reminds me of this party I went to in Inglewood on La Brea and Hardy where I was mugged. Cierra thinks she notices something wrong. “What’s wrong?” she asked. Her voice was flat. It seemed like she asked because she felt she had to. She didn’t. “Nothing.” I said. There really was nothing wrong. It must’ve had ‘a face’ because Ming’s just wasn’t sitting well with me. She didn’t persist but I figure I might as well tell her about Mark since she’ll want to know why I’m gone for a few days.“My friend Mark died.” “Is that the one who owns the Panic Club?” she said, her eyes unwavering from Orange is the New Black.“No, an old friend from home.” I said, putting out the cigarette on the ashtray that laid on my chest.“Oh.” she said, doing the same. “I’m sorry, Sweetie.”She asked about his age and how he’d died and such but I couldn’t answer much. I hardly remembered what he looked like to tell you the truth. I told her how I was going home for a few days to give my condolences. She understood, she even seemed kind of happy that I was leaving. I’m almost positive she’s seeing someone else.
first of all: that's a lot of brand names in a short piece. why is it important what kinds of cigarettes they are smoking? why do they have to be watching OITNB? if it's supposed to convey how shallow/detached the narrator is, I'd suggest a different way to convey that because Bret Easton Ellis exists.if you are going to go a BEE route, though, at least make the stuff that the narrator doesn't care about interesting enough for me to care about. explain why Mark dying SHOULD be a big deal. frame it in something other than a couple watching Netflix, which I do all the time and don't want to read. the mugging would be interesting to read because that doesn't happen every day, and I imagine the narrator would have to feel something there.the Ming/Chang Dynasty thing was cute and almost amusing, and I see what you are going for with I think she’s been seeing someone after work.andI’m almost positive she’s seeing someone else.make it feel like the story is about that in a more explicit way, and it might be more interesting.

I've decided I'm going to write a book this Summer, after spending a few days writing notes I spontaneously typed out the first few pages. All critique very welcome and appreciated.In high school Duke Topanga had been a nonplussed doofus, photographed on the quad with the torn rag of a tie-dye shirt knotted round his forehead, dirty blonde hair glazed by the sun. He squints into the camera, eyes obscured by gray Lennon shades, a permanent expression of self satisfaction on his face, a look that says: “I may burn out quick, I may not climb high, I may never impress or inspire anybody at all, but nothing you can do could ever force me give a shit”. Duke spent his senior year stumbling from one beach bash to another, sleeping in the back of class with his long legs wedged under the chair, laughing at every thing, every question, even the serious ones, buzzed off of something scraped out of a Ziplock bag the night before or guzzled stealthily from a crumpled water bottle in the back of class. Each new controlled substance teased him further and further away from the enrapturing microcosm of high school. He began to catch glimpses of a world vast beyond knowing, of a darkness knit tight with cords of existence, interconnected, communicating, interacting, but ultimately all part of the one same cord, running around and around and around him forever. At last Duke, properly educated, and fully detached from reality, was ejected, diploma in hand, from Benitez Beach High School, surprising nobody as much as himself. Summer for Duke brought a Renaissance of mental contortion and psychological leaps of faith. He abused his brain like an idiot child sticking lit fireworks into a tin can, watching the thing go BAM and leap off the ground like a frightened rabbit. Duke is photographed on the beach, posture skewed drunkenly to the side, a Hindu prayer blanket wrapped around his naked body, hair long down to his belly button. His hair is hanging over his face but behind it he is smiling. A lot of the loose associates Duke called “friends” are going to far away dream lands: London, Rome, Rabat, Seattle. Duke was buying a junker Honda bike for three hundred dollars so he could deliver pizzas at Santo Benitez Italian. They looked at Duke with pity, vague confusion and wondered what had happened to his dream land, his gilded future. Duke kept wearing his hazy grin, that unfocused beaming smile through it all. He had already found his fated dreamland, and it was called Benitez Beach.
Overall it sounds a little too "edgy", like your character is saying all this nihilistic stuff but without enough character to make it interesting.
You have some classic bad writing here like At once giddy and weary as he exited Central, and he released a sigh of relief knitting Freddy Krueger quotes onto throw pillowsthat last one just sounds like youre trying too hard to be random. No offense, but I can't get hooked on writing if i can't take it seriously.
Can I please get some feedbackI'm really new to this
His mind began to rove to rooms of lurid pink haze and light where strange bodies collide. To honeyed cells in an urban hive to mysterious corners discovered only now not before when alone but now among people. To odd rooms of possibility and thumping and hey! and warm sweaty touch and smoke and do you remember?....to rooms with fleeting embrace and Cambrian heat pulsing in a fixed moment. He had been driven by a dim flashing impulse to be in that neon sanctum, to be in that vulgar shrine of lithe images stretched on divans matted with filth. And in that Attic scene what a weird figure he had struck. Not graceful not handsome but young, young he was now and young yet for another moment. Hello – hi – my name is - hey man, another shot? – one second – hi, nice to meet – woah-ho! - that’s it! - like I was saying – she smiled – you play violin? – no kidding, I – hey man, come on…don’t leave me hanging! – just a minute – well….He trailed off. Mind blanked, expended of the gregarious gentleman’s ammunition, of all anecdotes and hero’s tales, I cannot play the bard, feeling too well now the throat grip and the limits of this body he felt stark and sharp, so well did he feel its contours against this warm and wild space, so new was that face in which he looked now, so badly did he wish to sublimate into it. Her thick lashes were downcast over limpid eyes that smiled and the thought of death was deeply in them. In all things is an opposite he said to himself and yet amidst this what decay? No decay no decay this is a new branch on life’s roving circuit. He leaned in and whispered something indistinct and she slapped him teasingly and laughed. They turned in to face one another.She leaned in now and her breath was hot on him. She touched his arm and dimly he felt the contours giving way, the cordons of his life loosening, fibers livening under this tropic waft, fired, fired by a -
Good advice, thanks a lot anon
Thanks anon. Yeah, first draft and all. I'm trying not to sound like he is completely apathetic, just that he's jaded.
Matter aside, how do you think my prose is?
Nice. I lol'd
This is good. It's funny. Do more funny.
That's an excerpt from a short story that I based a screenplay and a movie off of. Want the full story?
I hate "nonplussed" usually but lol it works. Fucking Duke Topanga.
Nooooope.
c-cool okay
"Bagel your pardon" she said"Is your react just an act?"
I decided to write about sea monsters. My son, look. You are looking out to the green harbor and in its depths you can see for an instant that beast which lies below. There is the monster, the leviathan. It’s ocean-borne horror, it’s terrible form. You see it there, where it wakes. It is turning and toiling beneath the seafoam and the waves. Twisting like black intestines in the salty vinegar seas. It has a maw full of frightening teeth and black, black eyes full of death. Its barbed tongue whispers and rattles inside of its boxed mouth. Were you to shout, were you to scream, it would surely hear you. If it did, it would not be a minute before it rose to break our vessel and feast on you in the boil. Stay quiet now, do not yell. Do not give the beast a reason to find you.
"That egross isn't just something net is it?""Have all the profits lied?"
Check for introspectionOver 9000
Manage your breakfast for healthy nutrition
Don't forget the seasonsing
logotherapeutic neoshaman cultural appropriation
"Sometimes the crowd Roars"
"Have you checked the logos?"

Today I finally tracked down DT Max's biography of David Foster Wallace and I was surprised to see that DFW has the same birthday as me. It's funny because I spent my latest birthday alone in my freshly emptied apartment—no furniture, no art, just white carpet and white walls—and so I spent this night drinking moonshine and vomiting and it's funny because DFW hanged himself which when all considered is a sure fire way of handling the situation, generally. So back in my apartment here you can see me stumbling around on my first birthday alone. It's snowing. Radio's on for company. Suicide hasn't come as a thought yet. Really the only thought at the time was revenge. See I had spent the day driving around to different addresses looking for the kid. Looking through mail. Monitoring the wireless signals from my car. Lucky for him he's unlisted and now I'm throwing up on the white carpet.
the logos is common, most people live as if they had their own private understanding
The song played in the background by Oz Zee"Little girl...I'm trying to find the way....Little girl....Traveling between space..."
I came
Oz Zee"Little girl...Led By the light...Little girl...Round the curves just right"
...Astralia, the nobility of the light, astralwerks...
glad you like the name, i wasnt sure if it was too over the top
"Its not as easy to climb...When you havent found the time...To train your mind...To go around the bend"
She got home at eight with Ming’s Dynasty. I think she’s been seeing someone after work. I could’ve sworn she got off at six. Maybe seven. I don’t really like Ming’s. Their Chow-Mein is too thick and their rice stuck together and is usually stale and their fried butterfly shrimp is too greasy. We had sex some 45 minutes after we ate. It was okay. is great writing. The detail you give regarding the food and the lack of detail regarding the sex really says a lot about your character. This is showing, not telling.
Convergence Culture warns that this is an emerging subject and different authors have different understanding
Never written and gotten critiqued before so I have no idea exactly how shit this is, but hedging my bets toward insanely.She curled up under the covers, ground her face against a pillow, and screamed. It was a harsh whisper of a sound. The rest of the octaves had gotten lost on their way across the rolling folds of her sheets. She couldn't stop shifting. From one position to another, but nothing felt more right. Or less right. A distant part of her mind recognized the problem- stop. Stop thinking. Stop. Stop. Ironically, the chants only compounded the mess of her mental state. The shifts continued, followed the turns of her mind. Thoughts fluttered across, some positive, some negative, some deadly, but none persisted, broken up by her pleas for an end, fragmented like her struggling self.The next instant, she was in the bathroom. Collapsed against the door with a knife in one hand and a rag in the other. Her arm began tracing faint stabbing motions toward an ideal. She stared gazelessly at the creamy flesh of her thigh and rivulets of blood stared back. Blink. Or not, but stop all the same. The motions continued- at first faint, then progressively stronger. Tilted down towards her own thigh. No, this wouldn't work. She needed a gentle cut, just to calm herself. Her arm stilled, but the knife progressed. Sidling up against her skin. Tracing a curve now, not a motion. Stop. Stop. Show me what you can do. Stop. Show me you are able to do anything, even this, especially this. Pain bit into her, but she was safe. Her arm grasped at the covers and her keening calmed.
hypersurface is a level
Checkd for surreal
Tasty treats
Who are the Aurorals
Don't be boxxy'd around"There's plenty of space"
"Circles squares try angles...You're never outta shape"
ey somebody hit this please
you greenlight a green screen to silver
"Steady with the flows"

There are three main levels of musical and artistic inspiration. The highest is the ‘avataric’ level...
Nice trips
Embrace all phenomena and life as part of a vast and complex system-network of relationships
Do stars communicate with each other?
Sounds like you can't take criticism.
Ever see a red tide? You know, when the ocean water rusts a neurotoxic shade of red every so often. Some perfect combination of temperature, resources and chance acts as a catalyst for some lucky resident microorganism to experience the joys of a population explosion. Be it a phytoplankton or cyanobacterium, gluttonous doom will not only affect trillions of asexually produced clones, but all the schools of gill breathers, beds of filter feeders, feathered flocks, and milk producing vertebrates shackled by the local food chain meet death from neurotoxic secretions or asphyxiate because all the available oxygen is depleted.The opposite happened when life first emerged. Well sorta. What happened was for about a billion years, a corrosive gas was secreted as metabolic waste, by photosynthetic bacteria, which catalyzed the biggest mass extinction on record and the greatest environmental catastrophe caused by living organisms. Iron was no longer soluble in ocean water and the oxides rusted out of the marine solution and deposited along the ocean floor. Over 99% of all organisms died. Those that could tolerate oxygen, or sought refuge inside larger cells, survived. Following this, the diversity in lifeforms on earth steadily increased over the next billion or so years. Besides, imagine how ugly the oceans would be if they didn't turn blue all because of bacterial colonies wallowing in their own corrosive excrement.So you see, just because we can't have oyster fresh from the bay, doesn't mean we should despair. It's catastrophe like this that acts like a point of meth injected into the veins of the selection pressures in a given area.Humans are in for quite the global spectacle. We're just like that algal bloom. Bet you thought it was oil that doomed us. Nope.It was the ability to extract nitrogen from the air and convert it into something much more palatable than inert gas; ammonia. See, we went from 1909 to being able to fertilize fields that can feed billions in a few years. Oh, how could I forget, the Haber process also gave us enough smokeless gunpowder and explosives to kill as much as we could feed. That's why the world wars were such a horrific departure from wars fought since the dawn of society. But we forgot about silly little phosphorus. Humans dedicate over half of all sulfuric acid produced to make phosphorus more bioavailable. Heavens is it slow too. But we want fast, sudden upheaval to starve off stagnant death.Which is in a few short decades, eh, 60 or so revolutions around the sun, billions will starve to death. Don't be fooled by the seductive comfort you find yourself in. Have you ever seen a phoenix? Out of death, life endures. But only if you're lucky of course. A hunk of rock that never settled in with the rest to make a planet might change that if it decides to settle in at several kilometres per second.
It was the sweat dripping down his forehead that finally drew his attention away from the pages in front of him. It was a hot day, and muggy. The kind where you feel like you're wrapped in a blanket no matter where you go. Still, after the long winter it was refreshing to be able to sit outside without wearing three layers. He wore only one layer on top, a striped tank top, and two on bottom, underwear and shorts. He was prepared to stay outside as long as was necessary. He had planned for all the contingencies: his bag contained water, sunscreen, and money. He wasn't going to leave the park until his goal was met. The park was a standard affair for American suburbia. It had a short bike trail and an abundance of picnic tables and play equipment. Fairly frequently a pudgy middle aged person could be seen walking the asphalt path.One of them was walking by right now. He looked up briefly, gave a courteous greeting, and brought his eyes back down to his book. He wondered if she'd noticed the cover. Even if she had, the title probably would have meant nothing to her. It was A Critique of Pure Reason by Kant. He considered himself a philosophical hobbyist, although most of his knowledge came from Wikipedia and online image boards. He had finally made the jump he thought into the deeper end of the pool when he went to his local Barnes and Noble and bought Kant's treatise. He felt such satisfaction when he brought the tome to the counter. The clerk was clearly impressed. His own intelligence was tangible to him then, and he longed for another such situation. The park was his catalyst for another such situation. He had the slightest bit of self awareness, which prevented him from bragging outright about the book he had bought. So he found a public place where others may see him reading. If he were truly lucky, someone he knew would be there and see it. Their admiration would be worth any duration of wait.
those first two sentences were great, i just really liked the way you used the word "spackled." brought a great image to my head of blood flying onto the rock like jackson pollock flinging paint onto a canvas, with the sound aspect included as well. perfect word choice.
I'm about to start this shit. Anything I should know before reading? I've already got a decent foundation in Plato
Read it, if you get stuck. Post here. That cover is beautiful, hopefully you own that copy
Welp, penguin was the only one in the library. I know penguins supposed to be shit, but I'd rather have a physical copy open to note taking than an ebook, regardless of translation quality
You should really only buy books for aesthetic purposes and if you will actually read it imo. Penguin is shit tier.
library buyNah m8, I'm too poor to shell out 15 bucks every time I want to read something. This is from the public lib.
not liking penguin's great covers and minimal spine designyou are the definition of pleb
Expect it to be more winding than almost anything else you'll read by Aristotle. Most scholarship takes it that it was originally a bunch of separate treatises on what Aristotle characterized as "first philosophy" that were compiled by a later editor; this might be true, but there's no evidence of it, just an assumption that there isn't a true unity to the work which strikes me as lazy interpretation, personally....But it certainly is confusing; the science that Aristotle keeps trying to found he characterizes roughly three or four different ways: as the science of first causes, as the science of being qua being, as the science of being qua being understood as substance, and as the science of eternal and unchanging things and so theology. Whether they all relate well or not is still a question most scholars have a great deal of trouble with, so be prepared to spend some time being humbled by the difficulty of the subject.If you'd like, I just put together a .rar of a bunch of essential commentaries, studies, and articles on the Metaphysics that might help, including a translation by Joe Sachs that's probably much better than the Penguin your using, if you'd like another rendition of the text to refer to in addition. Just so you know, some of the files are in .djvu format, so you'd need something like WinDjView or something to read them.also a recently published book by Christopher Bruell, "Aristotle as Teacher: His Introduction to a Philosophic Science," that looks to be one of the most interesting commentaries put forth in the last few decades. If you find yourself digging the Metaphysics, and you happen to have some spare money, it might be worth getting.
Thanks a lot man. I will download that archive for certain. Truth be told, I'm only about 1/4th way through book alpha notated in my book as "alpha 3", and I'm certainly digging the book thus far. There has been minimal confusion; though Aristotle's maybe the translator's writing style is rather compact, it's very logical in terms of substance, and I've a very clear understanding of the problems Aristotle had chosen to investigate thus far epistemological wisdom vs sensory perception, the distinction between the "that" and the "because", the function of metaphysics as a science, etc.This looks to be a very promising read. Does it get more confusing hereafter?
And by confusing, I mean in terms of logical organization and terminology, not substance
Not particularly. It gets difficult, but the real confusion is how the different books relate. An example would be how book Alpha is followed by what's called book Little Alpha, which looks like a whole new introduction. This is then followed by book Beta which is a list of "aporias" or problems, some of which get addressed explicitly later on, and some of which don't. Then Gamma seems to dig into the topic, and BOOM, we get fucking Delta which is a kind of setting out of the terms used. The actual argumentation is very impressive, but the flow of the work as a whole is what's confusing.Either which way, glad to hear that you're enjoying it so far, anon! Good luck!
If you get a chance, maybe get a copy of the Physics and read the first book, which details what's up with the causes, and keep it around for when you get the prime mover later on, so you can compare how it's dealt with in both works.
I want a source to read about ways in which media and political figures manipulate public consciousness. That sounds simple and reductive, but there it is. Any writers or sites that focus on this? Other than the usual suspects like chomsky, whom I've read several works of
LukacsFrankfurt School
Either her nose is too small for her face, or her face is too fat for her nose.
snout, ftfy
Kanye is based as always.
Do they talk about specific examples or just general theory. I've read Marcuse and he seems to be more of a theorist than a commentator, what I'm looking for are historical examples, such as the northwoods incidents, Al-shifa bombings, family jewels, mkultra, etc.

Try a political biography of Reagan then. He was solely media manipulation.
Chomsky's Manufacturing Consent is a givenOther than that
he doesn't understand Reagan's political and idealogical geniusstay ignorant
idealogicaldribbel
Is marshal McLuhan any good?
Manufacturing Consent, Noam Chomsky & Edward HermanFor lobbying and interest groups, try Culture of Critique, Kevin MacDonald, and The Holocaust Industry by Norman FinkelsteinEdward Bernays, Propaganda Crowd psychology in general; Gustave le Bon, Wilfred Trotter, etc.
The medium is the message my man, the medium is the message.Also, read television by Raymond Williams. A classic in the field
I've been reading some of Plato's dialogues Apology, Euthyphro, Crito, Euthydemus, Phaedo, Symposium, Critias and currently reading Gorgias, planning on reading more after this and I'm enjoying it, but what, philosophically speaking, is so important about what I'm reading? Is it what Socrates Plato says about what virtue means? What Rhetoric exactly entails, according to him? What justice is? His thoughts on the soul? Or are some of these concepts irrelevant, and is it incorrect to take specific idea's away from it, because I should just look at the way he thinks in a philosophical way?
Bump
If you wonder this, you haven't understood any of them.Apology isn't a dialogue ntwShould have started with easier ones like Hippias
Well I guess I'm doing something wrong then. Is there something I should keep in mind while reading these texts? Or what are some good secondary reads to help me out?I know barely anything about philosophy and therefore I'm insecure. but I'm really interested.
You should use secondary literature or lessons as a companion.Remember that a lot of translations are vastly different. Greek is very hard to translate.SEP has pretty good resources but you mostly have to be a critical thinker.For example in the Phaedos there are a shitton of logical mistakes in Plato's discourse that can go unnoticed if the secondary doesn't tell you about; mostly fallacious analogies
We - elll...There's the always underlying matter of Being. It's always there. But I'm not a great reader of the Greeks, so don't quote me on that. Snatch a Philosophy textbook, and read up on the presocratics, on Socrates and on PLato himself. You'll get a decent theoretical framweork, or at least you'll know what you're ought to get from those texts. Most I can do to help, honestly.
Alright I'll look for secondary reads anyone by any chance got any good recommendations? and maybe lectures on youtube. Thanks!
lectures on youtubeNoApproved by university lecturers or nothing
Yeah that's what I meant, I saw Yale has a few. I'm not gonna listen to what some random 20 year old has to say about Plato.
I second the other anon: youtube lectures are, usually, divided in two categories. Either they're superficial undergraduate regurgitations, or they're really interesting stuff done by people devoting their life to the subject but sadly, I imagine, a tad too specialized and opinionated to be of any help. Do find yourself a textbook anon, really. Or introductory secondary lit. Or maybe find yourself a philosophy studdying friend who knows his shit and let him "teach" you.
The History of Philosophy podcasts are a nice resource if you're reading the dialogues along side them.
Being *being
Is Oxford's Plato: A Very Short Introduction any good?
No.
Yes. You're speaking English now. Don't you know the rules of the English language?
You're saying that a word, more specifically a noun, cannot be capitalized, when it has been done with the very word we're talking about multiple times, for very specific reason, to convey a very specific meaning, different from the one the word usually has?
It's not correct. Stop Being a faggot.
not correctGet a load of this prescriptivist asshole everyone
/tumblr/
/Philosophy 101/
Nobody teaches your entry level, obscurantist continental bullshit anymore. Things like 'being' and 'existentialism' are so stupid and pointless, as they are more an expression of feelings than knowledge, that only some literature undergrads take them seriously.
worthless rhetoric
Go whine about a perceived lack of meaning in your life and join a radical political party. Continental 'philosophy' truly is the first year college student of philosophy.
You are clearly not understanding any of them. Or you don't have any idea of what philosophy is.What is the soul? Why is the soul immortal? What is love? What do we long for when we are in love? What is death? What is justice? What is a good society?Plato is asking "what is this something" all the time. The way he try formulates and tries to answer this questions, that's what philosophical about him.
Stop your sperging at once, shitlord, and provide some worthwile critique if you really want to enter in the debate.Also, the fact that they aren't taken seriously doesn't mean you can just change their language and vocabulary and pretend to be still talking about them. Moron.
I'm not the guy you're responding to, but at least provide worthwhile content if you want to derail this thread
Their vocabulary can be adequately expressed in more ubiquitous terms. 'Being', as they define it, can be easily expressed in ordinary language. They only use these buzzwords to sound smart without Being smart.
Heidegger's precise meaning would be "being" and *not* "Being". The capitalization is a mistake of translation in that instance.
You may be right. I was translating a translation actually, of his "The Platonic Doctrine of truth" and something may have gone wrong at some point.
Heidegger isn't taught anymorewhat?
He never was, though, only in shitty continental departments, which are more about sounding smart than actually learning something.
Now you're just being full of shit mate.
I'm not. Have you ever been in a philosophy department? Nobody gives a shit about how you feel concerning existence, or being, or what you find absurd. That's for literature courses, the only time continental 'philosophy' comes in handy.
Well yes, I've been in a Philosophy Department. I'm in one right now. My last exam was about Heidegger, too.But out of curiosity, what do they give a shit about? Assuming you're American, I guess?
No, I'm English. It's either classics Greeks, modern Descartes, or analytic Frege. Nobody would take you seriously if you wrote about 'being' and other rubbish concepts, especially if you didn't define your terms properly.
Fair enough. I'm Italian, and here things are a bit less austere - or analytic, even though I dislike using such a word to describe philosophy. Not much though: we too love our Classics, our moderns and the analytics. Only, a few professors and students manage to get away with more "continental" writings, which is just as well since it's what I like best. I just don't think you can say people don't give a shit about them. That's factually wrong.The fact England rejects continental thought is higly amusing though, when I remember that Nick Land, Reza Negarestani and half the speculative realists more or less hail from there.
Not OP but: Rexcomeneded Plato reading order?
People care about it, just not important people. English majors and first year philosophy students like continental shit, but they don't matter at all. We care about knowledge and truth, rather than abstract discussion about feelings.
Anglo philosophers like Graham Priest, Herbert Dreyfus, Richard Rorty appreciate Heidegger and theres no doubt more Analytic philosophers that do so. Stop being so idioticI'm ItalianDon't forget Italian biopolitics.
What, so you just excise all "continental" philosophy from your studies?
heyheytruthis a spook
So what? They don't change the broad consensus. Besides, I can appreciate some of them regarding their writing and ideas, but they aren't really philosophy and what they say has no real truth value. They're more literature than philosophy.Analytic doesn't need to be capitalised.
This is why we laugh at you.There is none in my studies, I don't study literature.
Genuinely asking, what has truth value? I'm a first year student, so not really that knowledgeable in the matter.
there's more to philosophy than "the nature of knowledge and truth" you know
That which can be tested and reproduced.Not really. Philosophy is about discovering truth, not shrouding it in obscurantism.
laughterisaspook
Funny you should mention that, since it's exactly what Heidegger raves about for the entirety of Being and Time and then some.
Too bad he never discovered anything and obscured knowledge through his ridiculous buzzwords and mysticism.
Genuinely asking, what has truth value? I'm a first year student, so not really that knowledgeable in the matter.
Discovered? Like what? I mean, what's a discovery? I'd like an example, and one made by a philosopher too.
They don't change the broad consensusYes they do, they mark the shift from the older positivist generation of Analytic philosophy Russell, Popper etc which hated anything close to being "Continental" to a piqued curiosity of some Continental philosophical ideas. The same goes with Hegel, with growing reception contributed by the likes of Robert Pippin, Robert Brandom, John Mcdowell, Winfred Sellars, Michael Inwood etc
Also the North American Schelling Society was founded just a few years ago.
Truth is discovered. Truth is, for example, predicate logic, discovered by Gottlob Frege. If it is true, you see, it always existed.
Aesthetics, semiotics, phenomenology, critical theory, etc. are parts of philosophy. Analytic philosophy and positivism cannot address all of the problems that philosophy seeks to address. Also, obscurantism doesn't exist.
PopperPositivistI'm laughing now. Holy shit. The early analytics never hated continentals, they just saw that their work had no value in truth and knowledge.
Those are just bullshit concepts based on opinions. Go back to your fisting, you pansexual, poly-queer, transnigger, non-binary human Bean.
who wrote that?
May be a very basic question, but what about language? Has it always been there, and if no, how can it be used to talk about the truth then? How can you discover truth with it? Is the truth so self evident as to pierce through such a barrier and "truly" manifest itself?
Language simply represents knowledge, don't think of it in terms of the language it is expressed with, but what it tells you. Don't be afraid of language, it is a wonderful tool for communicating with others.
I'm not afraid of language, I can't be, but I'm asking why the relationship between language and knowledge is so... sure? So certain and mimetic?
The language used to express something can most always be improved. Mathematics is the perfect language, though. It's a good thing all truth can be expressed mathematically.
Kek
I really don't want to be this inquisitive, but how can you say a language is "improved"? Towards what ideal, starting from what condition? Also I never really got this "maths is the perfect language" thing but I'll admit I've never read anything specific on the issue. How do you mean?
If solving the problems in those fields wasn't considered important by humanity then we wouldn't have been studying them for thousands of years. Obviously there is opinion involved, but pretty much everyone except the biggest teenage po-mos believes that some opinions are more knowledgeable thus better than others
No, you idiot, the language used to express something. You could change a sentence to make it more concise while retaining the desired meaning.Because maths is entirely unambiguous.
In the end opinions won't cure diseases or improve space travel. If you need a distraction of perceived intelligence, then go argue about your feelings, but knowledge is useful, unlike your opinions.
Well, there's the old objection that it wouldn't mean the same thing then.He's a worthless african american ghetto inhabitantHe's a niggerThey're quite different. And while yes, maths can be unambiguous provided the writer and the reader share the same exact language, I don't see why it expresses truths.
Plato is especially hard to read because of the dialogue form that qualifies everything said in his writings, such that one can't really say "what Plato thinks". Further, it seems striking that if there were to be some worked out doctrine in his writings, it's striking how often technical analysis simply doesn't appear, *even when alluded to in the majority of dialogues*.If you'd like, here's a set of commentaries and secondary sources of the last century that may help with your reading. Probably the best figures to read are those of the school of Leo Strauss and Jacob Klein; they both insist on close readings, and on the author's control of both form and content, such that if a contradiction appears, it's not to be written off merely as such, but is supposed to be attended to as something the author wants us to notice. The best scholar of this sort is Strauss's student Seth Benardete, whose readings of Plato are simply insane, but always based in the text.
I don't think nigger means the black has to be poor, worthless and American. It should beHe's a blackHe's a nigger Those two mean the same thing, as nigger is slang for a black.maths can be unambiguous provided the writer and the reader share the same exact languageNo, mathematics is now universal. It is so clearly defined that it cannot be misinterpreted among scholars.I don't see why it expresses truths.That's not my problem. Have you even studied maths at a university level?
Analytic philosophy won't accomplish those things either. And questions such as "What are the sociological implications of global capitalism?" or "What is best in art?" or "What's the deal with gender relations?" are arguably more important to non-philosophers than questions like "What is meaning?"All schools of philosophy have the capacity to benefit humans
Thanks a bunch man, that seems incredibly helpful.
Some good youtube lectures:
Analytic philosophy won't accomplish those things either. There's philosophy behind science and maths, you dip.Why would anyone care about pseudo-sciences like sociology, drawings, and what to call a transvestite? Why not just call a spade a spade?
Why would anyone care about pseudo-sciences like sociology, drawings, and what to call a transvestite?Because they have other goals in life besides the accumulation of knowledge?
It seems they have the opposite goals. Medicine can tell us more about transvestites and other abnormalities in gender.
Medicine doesn't say anything about that, because medicine merely describes the phenomena related to bodily sickness and bodily health; it would be up to some art or science that deals in judgments of better and worse to do what you think it does, and even then, it would have to overcome certain problems related to the arbitrariness of societal custom.
Why is this conversation shifting its focus exclusively to gender identity?Anyway, there is a lot more to ask about the nature of crossdressing, gender identity disorder, "genderqueer," and other things besides how we can medically diagnose it. We can talk about the sociological influence on the development of gender identity, what exactly it means to "feel" male or female, why signs are considered masculine or feminine, what causes the phenomenon of "transtrenders", how gender identity relates to sexuality and homophobia, or if there is even anything essentially "male" or "female" besides biological sex. We can talk about gender identity and its relation to politics, art, and just about any other field.
Not especially; Annas has an alright study of the Republic, but she doesn't have any mind for dealing with contradictions or tensions in the texts, and she usually resorts to referring to largely analytic scholars like Gregory Vlastos and Myles Burnyeat, whose interpretations are straight up retarded.It's very limited in its scope, and so traditional in its views that if you were to read the dialogue, the introduction would be just a repetition of the sense you already got out of your reading; it won't teach you anything fresh or new.Start with the Apology, which is the key to all of the other works. After that, it's entrieyl up to you' a lot of people here seem to suggest reading the shorter dialogues first, as if mere "familiarity" would help you with the later dialogues, but that's not really true.And there a couple of ways to approach reading them. One interesting way is to follow the dramatic dates of the dialogues; from this one could read something like the account of Socrates' turn to political philosophy by reading Parmenides, Symposium, and Phaedo. One could do a reading of the dialogues that take place around Socrates' trial, like Euthyphro, Cratylus, Theaetetus, Sophist, Statesman, Apology, Crito, and Phaedo. It's kind of up to you at that point though for my part, the latter instance of a reading order is incredibly interesting, and changes the natures of these dialogues when they're read absent their dramatic context.
I am greatly interested in the doctrines of Machiavelli. Is he a well-respected philosopher?
pre-Socratic God those faggots are incomprehensible
Thales doesn't get enough credit.
Some good essays on Heraclitus and Parmenides:IT DOESNT MAKE THEM MORE COMPREHENSIBLE
Just finished that Parmenides essay, anon.jesus christ what the fuck did I just read
Those are both pretty hard essays, but they're both incredibly good at showing the unity of Parmenides and Heraclitus, and how Plato is situated with them.
Male = XYFemale = XXThere, now transvestites have a clearly defined gender.
Don't bother, dude. Anglophone philosophy departments i.e. UK and US are too far down the Analytic rabbit hole. That's the price one pays for trying too hard to have philosophical truth and knowledge equated with absolutist/scientific truth. Of course feelings and consciousness are important. Rorty's a step in the right direction but I would go a bit further and recommend William James and Alfred North Whitehead.
If you don't mind my asking, do you have autism?
Pierre Grimes has a lot of excellent youtube videos on ato
Not necessarily the case. You're conflating what medical science can do with what philosophical inquiry might accomplish. Having complete knowledge of biology, chemistry, and anatomy is one thing. Creating a coherent narrative that synthesizes the three is another.
This kind of feelings based philosophy is what gave us psychoanalysis and feminist critiques of science.
And?
Those two things are retarded. If you think the theory of relativity is sexist then you should kill yourself.
Well clearly it is not. I think you're getting a little bit ahead of your argument, my friend. However, to call psychoanalysis as a whole "retarded" is extremely reductive and betrays a lack of imagination. And you do realize that a core component of the philosophical tradition IS critique, right? I don't expect much to result from a feminist critique of anything but it would be highly unphilosophical to condemn any sort of critical inquiry.
Read Fashionable Nonsense, pleb.
Before you go around calling anyone a pleb, you realize that Sokal was a hoax, right? It's people as unimaginative and absolutist as you that make me question why I even bother coming on here. I am sorry to break it to you, but you are little better than the feminists and postmodernists you seem to hate. When you can move beyond using childish words like "pleb" and "retard", maybe you can come back and we can talk like adults.
You mean the Sokal paper was a hoax, Fashionable Nonsense quotes actual continentals.
kek'd
Analytic philosophy *does* have a mood that goes along with it, the same mood that dominates the current approach to science, namely, "neutrality", wherein beings are approached as if they had no bearing on the scientist or philosopher.Maybe read some Dreyfus or Blattner?
And out of context, often enough, as if their arguments didn't have a form and structure.That book outright notes at the beginning that the writers aren't in a position to make claims about continental philosophizing as such; to ignore their uses of mathematical and scientific terms ignores how those terms are situated within philosophizing.
thanks anon. I've been trying to get into plato but have been having trouble finding my way through the dialogues. also, how does one get into leo strauss? I keep seeing his name in different places, and since you mentioned him, I wonder if there's anything you recommend I should check out by him?
Nope, they quote entire chapters to show how unscientific continentals are.inb4 b-b-but it's jus a metaphor!!Only after Sokal blew them out does anyone claim this.
I think you're supposed to do both. The way Plato frames his questions is just as important as the questions he's asking.
It is precisely this unchecked urge to apply "neutrality" and pure rationality to philosophy that is what's holding it back. I am inclined to go with Bergson and Hume on this one - trust what's in your subjective experience first.
Lol, which dialogue was it where Socrates talks about him reading one of their books and finding it full of shit?
The Phaedo somewhere around Stephanus page 90; he'd heard about Anaxagoras's account of mind nous as the cause of all things, and got so excited that he developed a teleological account that he thought did justice to the notion. Later, when he read it, he was shocked to find that it was wholly mechanistic "YOU'RE IN JAIL BECAUSE YOUR BODY IS SET IN SUCH A WAY THAT ALL THE MUSCLES AND BONES AND SUCH ARE SITUATED WITH RESPECT TO THE JAIL IN SUCH AND SUCH A WAY AND THAT'S WHY YOU'RE IN JAIL".Oddly, it's hinted that his second sailing doesn't use either of these accounts, but it's buried in what looks like praise of the teleological account.
Probably the most accessible introduction to Strauss's scholarship and way of reading texts is his interpretation of Xenophon's dialogue, the "Hiero", in his study "On Tyranny".
Ah, thanks, I was thinking it was Theaetetus because of the subject in that dialogue.
You've only really read the earliest dialoguesPlato doesn't get bananas until right after those dialogues, basically from the Republic onwardsBefore that he's pretty straight-laced even about his wacky shit
Plato was deep as shit. The dialogues are meant to be a dialogue with the reader. It's all about his theory of forms and dialectic and how you are unwittingly part of his game to discover the truth of what everything is. Think the Symposium is a series of discussions about the meaning of 'eros'? Wrong. It's about using love to reach the highest level of understanding of human nature and see through reality like you are Goddamn Neo.
what, philosophically speaking, is so important about what I'm reading?Using 'philosophical' as an adjective is problematic.There's not such a thing as 'philosophical'.Plato is important because he had a lot of brilliant ideas, which are worth thinking about even when you deal with contemporary philosophy.You can't recognize the importance of his ideas because you're not familiar with the philosophical discussion after him; once you get familiarized with a particular topic, say, virtue, and with the pletora of philosophical discussion about it, the influence of Plato in the debate is usually clear.
Kind of, or at least I know where you're coming from. The bizarre depth of Plato can be seen in something like the example from the Symposium you use. Socrates offers up an account that he distances himself from, namely the priestess Diotima, and even within that account there are tensions that suggest a greater depth than what one initially takes away from the passage. The usual reading takes it that Diotima's "ladder of love" is what anyone after immortality is after, but what's strange is that it requires abstraction at the topmost parts of the ladder such that one loses even oneself in the attempt to see "the Beautiful in itself, by itself". But that explicitly is in tension with the claims about self stated just earlier, and man's attempt to become immortal. Diotima subsequently ends her account by asking Socrates what he thinks, but he doesn't give us an answer and earlier, he noted that he was explicitly only giving a *beautiful* account of eros; the implication is that the true account contains something ugly, and it looks like the tension I'm pointing to might be the ugly part.Weird shit like that is what I keep reading Plato for. He's already thought of how most people might take his writings, and what's weirder is that he encourages them to take it in those ways, and then has a bizarre web of problems woven underneath.
Not OP, but problematic how? I think I might see what you're getting at, but if you could clarify what you mean it'd be appreciated.
Meant to say "namely by means of the priestess Diotima".
Problematic in two ways.First, it's impossible to provide a definition of philosophy or philosophical that applies to most writings/ideas/ways of thinking we call philosophical and excludes most writings/ideas/ways of thinking we don't.Second, imagine you're like OP, and you ask "what's philosophical about what I'm reading?" or "what would be the philosophical point of view about this issue?". Using the world philosophical is problematic because it invites misunderstandings; it can lead you to think that there's something like a 'philosophical method' or 'philosophical ideas' or 'the point of view of a philosopher' or 'philosophical style', and since 'philosophical' can't be given a proper definition when you look at all the different ideas, methods and styles that philosophers have used throughout history, the only way to use the word meaningfully is to choose an arbitrary set of books/essays and call other books/essays philosophical or unphilosophical based upon how much they resemble this set of writings; amateur analytics are the most usual victims of this kind of shit thinking.
OP here, thanks for making that clear.
thanks anon!
Are there any good introductions or summaries of Plato's thought? Especially on how the theory of forms works?
Start with the Greeks.
this thread is stupid and retarded
This:been a lot more argument recently on how to understand the forms. I think this book offers a pretty diverse range in how to understand them.
Thanks!
I just read the Parmenides and it killed my brain. Is the presentation a parody of Pre-Socratic obscurantism?
I don't think so, though the dialogue is so difficult that it can be hard to get at what it *is* about. I think what's supposed to stand out about the dialogue is 1 that it's a depiction of a young Socrates at the beginning of his turn to philosophy, and 2 it's the only dialogue that takes place where Socrates speaks to other philosophers, and so it's the only dialogue that seems to present a truly philosophic conversation between people, whereas in the other dialogues, Socrates often dissembles in order to situate himself properly among certain crowds he seems like the perfect politician in the Republic, when he's talking to men who are political minded; he's the perfect poet in the Symposium when he talks to poets; he's the perfect Pythagorean in the Phaedo when he's talking to a large gathering of friends who are Pythagorean.I don't think I could summarize the Parmenides simply without doing great injustice to it as a work, but I think one of the key elements to note is the twofold meaning of "dialectic": the term comes from a root with two opposed meanings depending on whether it's in the active voice or middle/passive voice, where in the latter it means to converse, whereas the former means to separate out or divide. These two opposing meanings bringing together and dividing are related to the conflict that occurs with the forms in the dialogue.There's a revealing moment where Socrates makes a shitty joke at Zeno's expense about how he puts forward his thesis, "not-many," with many proofs. The joke ends up rather being at Socrates' own expense, insofar as he doesn't fully understand that that was precisely Zeno's intent in reading these works from his youth. His mature self sees what's laughable about maintaining such an argument in such a way; he's pointing out the same problem Heraclitus did, with respect to the tension in logos. Parmenides and Heraclitus end up actually agreeing after all. It's very bizarre, the whole thing.
At least the first half is a critique of the theory of forms, the second half is an exercise in developing a theory of forms that doesn't succumb to the problems in the first half.
Questions about New Sincerity.Is this a real thing or is it just something to blog about? What are actual examples of it? Is it a reaction to jaded anti-hero stories and deconstruction? Is it the result of universities churning out critics instead of writers who unironically pursue goodness?
literally never existed, all New Sincerity is post-irony
First answer this question truthfully: are you being ironic?
can you be sincere with all that audience pussy anyways?
Not being ironic in asking. Genuinely curious why a label would be needed to signify a posture that has existed for thousands of years: that truth and beauty and the good exist and that we should excitedly pursue them...Why did that ever falter in Western literature in the first place?
You gotta read Tom Clancy and watch Die Hard and pretend you enjoy it.
What are actual examples of it?Saw someone say that Knausgård's "Min Kamp" was part of New Sincerity. Not entirely sure myself though.
because it's a bullshit premise
Because it's a reaction to cultural rejection of those ideas. Literature is about making your case for seeing the world a certain way, and you won't get far by just telling people to read older lit not made for them that doesn't address the last fifty years of deepening cynicism and the lit that reinforces it.
Why did that ever falter in Western literature in the first place?Two world wars and the resulting post-modern cynicism which followed.
So you're saying this is a counter-reaction to post-war cynicism of the last 60 years?
Partly.It could also be a counter-reaction to more recent 21st century irony and the hipster movement.
new sincerity is about its okay to be lame. To some extent, i think its a valid "movement" although i would not call it a movement on its own but rather a supplement
Read this essay by David Foster Wallace, it outlines the idea pretty clearly after a dozen pages or so about televison which you can either ignore or replace it with "internet" in your mind, it's pretty accurate:
new sincerity: "the world is too edgy for me"
What is it called if I'm being ironic as a critique on irony?Like, if I'm being ironic in an ironic way?
I think you could consider the twee stuff that was popular in 2008-10 a kind of New Sincerity. Like the moldy peaches and handmade arts and crafts, but as dfw said, it's too saccharine and people would make fun of it and it would be dead before it took off, plus most people didn't "get it" and in attempt to "get it" transformed anything remotely genuine trendy, forming the ironic hipster stereotype that made everything post-ironic ironically ironic again. True sincerity wouldn't be embraced by the masses, and probably not somewhere as cynical as /lit/ And maybe that's a good thing. Maybe this new sincerity idea is total shit.
Tao Lin
i was new sincerity in 02 right when everybody was getting salty and hipsterprops to myself
I'm no expert on this topic but it seems to me any kind of fertile soil needed for New Sincerity to take root was shattered by 9/11 and the great financial crash. We're still up to our asses in cynicism with no end in sight. Am I wrong?In fact, we're drowning in data and starting to accept a state of permanent confusion.
mlp
New sincerity is just a description of a normal part of growing up.
ITT: Nobody knows what "the new sincerity" actually is.
That's sort of the point. Is this a real thing or is it a nebulous concept like hipster? I'm starting to think it's a way to pretend you're cutting edge or more elite that the "ironists" or cynicists.
Why can't sincerity be a way out?
that truth and beauty and the good exist and that we should excitedly pursue them...New Sincerity is the personal pursuit of an interest simply for its own arbitrary value, regardless of any cultural/social stigma it may attract. It isn't in sight of 'truth' or 'beauty', words which aren't as static as we like to think and vary from person to person. It doesn't have to be true, nor does it have to beautiful, it only has to satisfy the ego
this pretty much
that's just meta-irony, or level 2 irony. can be very funny
I'm beginning to define "new sincerity" by it's aesthetic quality, and it happens that the message follows shortly after.Two great examples of 'new sincerity' pieces I like are Field of Dreams and Evel Kineval.Field of Dreams pretty much embraces the pastoral americana. Almost every trope in that film could be used to make fun of itself. But it's sincere.Evel Kineval is the same way. He certainly wasn't some post-modern critique of american culture, but he sure as hell was a character, aware of itself to an extent.To me 'new sincerity' shouldn't be defined as something that has a message absent of irony. 'New sincerity' should be a work with elements that traditionally heh would be seen in satire, but is arranged in a way that makes it sincere.So MLP and wearing fedoras isn't 'new sincerity' in my book because it's not a fucking aesthetic response to anything. They're just shat on image boards, and the neckbeard crowd came back in stronger force.
because sincerity is necessarily an acceptance of the state of things, never an escape therefrom.
yeah. its embracement. not escape or rejection except from irony
Is this supposed to be some sort of analysis of cultural trends?Forgive me, let's pretend I just emerged from Plato's cave and am stumbling about blinded by the sunlight, but aren't irony and sincerity such ubiquitous tools of human expression that trying to make a movement out of either is like painting with only one pigment?Great for a one-off project, intensely boring as a continuing theme.Did sincerity even really go anywhere?What makes this "new" sincerity meaningfully distinct from the old sort?
Is it a reaction to jaded anti-hero stories and deconstruction? It's a reaction to postmodernism and irony.Genuinely curious why a label would be needed to signify a posture that has existed for thousands of years: that truth and beauty and the good exist and that we should excitedly pursue them...The reason it has its own label is because it exists in a different social environment than past movements which each had their own postures and thus there own labels. New Sincerity is specifically reacting to things unique to our time. I don't think it's accurate to act like it's just a retreat to an earlier ideal since there is no monolithic ideal to retreat to.Still irony. That's why to critique irony we need a new sincerity...or so taught St. Dave.Actually Millenials are more optimistic than past generations. No idea how this happened in the wake of 9/11, but there you have it. If anything we're more primed for New Sincerity than in the 90's.Despite what this post may make it sound like, I dislike New Sincerity.
Dfw essays yeah!
Which books could I read to learn about Stoicism? The rise of it in Roman history is less interesting than the philosophy to me.Thanks.
M E D I T A T I O N S
Epictetus, Seneca and 
Appreciated, thank you!
No prob bruv
What comes after starting with the greeks?
The Romans silly
Jiving with the frenchThey're about as gay and nearly as extinct
returning to the romans. follow the official /lit/ philosophy guide.
You go back to the presocratics
finishing with denbts
it's Roman timeCicero – WorksLucretius – On the Nature of ThingsVirgil – WorksHorace – WorksLivy – History of RomeOvid – WorksPlutarch – Parallel Lives; MoraliaTacitus – Histories; Annals; Agricola GermaniaNicomachus of Gerasa – Introduction to ArithmeticEpictetus – Discourses; EncheiridionPtolemy – AlmagestLucian – WorksMarcus Aurelius – MeditationsGalen – On the Natural FacultiesThe BiblePlotinus – The Enneads
the turks
Mr Shakespeare
Start with the Gilgamesh
More Greeks.
Roman timebible?
Yup, specifically the New Testament.
Near-east Sumerians - Babylonians - Hitties - HurriansGreeksRomansJudeo-Christian theologists Middle Ages scholars Everywhere else
I meant that's more of a Middle East Hebrew thing you know?The Romans adopted it, sure. But is that enough?
The Romans are in it, that's good enough.
Dive into Dostoievsky.
Strive over to Stirner
more greeks
islamic and christian theology
go straight to descartes; all those wacky catholics were a bunch of sophists
Everyone here is wrong.1 Greeks2 Empiricism3 Kant4 Existentialism5 German Idealism6 Transcend to enlightenment
Keep the ball rolling with the Byzantines.
Starting with Greeks is just a meme, don't take it seriously.Read Hume & Descartes.
Memorise the Meme Trilogy
Add suicide to that list. 7 is a magic number afterall...
China.
100% chance you have tattoos, a typewriter and make under 60 annually.You can lie and write a story but you know it's true
Hot damn, spot on but:5 German IdealismFailed in the 1840s shortly after Nietzsche was born. This should be6 Navigate with Nietzsche7 March with MacIntyre After Virtue8 Enlightenment
You need to read in historical order. Classical Greeks - Diadochi era - Romans - Roman theologians - Early medieval theologians - Frankish and Byzantine thinkers Alcuin, etc - High medieval Christian scholars - Maimonides - Ibn Khaldun - Late medieval/Renaissance Italian theologians - Italian humanists - Protestants and Counter-Reformationists - Enlightenment philosophers - Marxists - Fascists - Continentals - Analytics
when do you think the New Testament was written?
What are your thoughts on Maimonides? Are his writings intrinsic to the canon of Western Judeo-Christian philosophy?
Western Judeo-Christian philosophy?Judaism piggybacking on Platonism and its offspring Christianity
Welcome to /dfw/, a subreddit dedicated to discussion for people who regularly write. What are you writing?Here are a few things to get the conversation going:What are you currently working on?How many words did you write today?How long do you think your current project will take?How do you support yourself as a writer?Where do you live?What do you do besides write?The meme of the day is pic related.GOGOGOGOGO
woah, what's going on?
I'll start.What are you currently working on?I'm working on a novel.How many words did you write today?I wrote 638 words today.How long do you think your current project will take?It will probably take me a few months to finish the first draft. The editing will take a few months too.How do you support yourself as a writer?I support myself by programming.Where do you live?I live in Chicago.What do you do besides write?I like reading too, and skateboarding.
John Green is a cuckold.
dfw? did someone say dfw?
Few poemsIdk, maybe a dozen and a half lines of poetrya month or twoselling drugssouthern floridagraffiti, read, work out, paint, music, basketball, party
currently working on an ongoing comedic slice of life fantasy fiction.today i wrote 2400ish words. i know i posted this elsewhere, but it's exciting to find yourself in the mood.i would like it to go on for a month or so at this pace, maybe two. i would learn a lot from the experience.i don't support myself. i'm a neet.i live in the southern united states.i read, garden, and make art.
How is selling drugs going? Why would you admit that online?
By poetry do you mean rap?
Two short stories.One I posted about in another thread yesterday so I'll leave that for now.I wrote the first draft of another one just a few hours ago. I read a short story from a 2003 issue of The Paris Review by a fellow called Salter and decided to emulate it, based on my recurring daydream as to what a conversational exchange with my ex would be like if I were to run into her unexpectedly at some hilariously innocuous event. I took it a step further though and allowed it to become meta, and behind the lines or transcending the lines really is the conscious attempt of the writing to challenge the perceived relationship between reader and writer; what's based on a true story; what do the reader and writer want to be a true story; and what's fiction. It's quite clever, the twist is rather cleverly done. It's rather succinct and inconspicuous, but definitely powerful when you realise Just What It Means.Sorry that this post is sort of meandering, I ended up thinking aloud there.
I'm imagining you muttering to yourself as you wrote this post.
I kid you not, as soon as I clicked 'post' I turned on my bedroom light, picked up my a4 pad and started writing notes based on what I just wrote.I am very hopeful for these two stories though, they're better than anything I've thought up in a good while. I'm going to write them to a final draft form and try to get them published, at least.
Why would you admit that online?
I'll biteWhat are you currently working on?A fantasy novel!How many words did you write today?800~How long do you think your current project will take?A month and a half, depends on my writing speed.How do you support yourself as a writer?hahahaWhere do you live?A megacity, so finding quiet writing time is toughWhat do you do besides write?read ofc, that's why I'm /lit/
why the FUCK is /dfw/ not david foster wallace
I'm trying to finish my retarded little ~25,000 word novella. I've written 1,500 words today and its going to need to be at least 30,000 before its done considering the way it has been paced so far. Its memecore as fuck too so hopefully I can rake in mad stacks of irony cash once its all done.
hey dfw, how do you take something like an urban legend with no "plot" so to speak of and turn it into a story?
What are you currently working on?A novel, well fragments of one.How many words a dayzeroHow long do you think your current project will take?A year or twoHow do you support yourselfI'm a student, so a job supplemented with loansWhere do you live?TexasWhat do you do beside write?$moke weed.
You're talking about Slender Man.
dfw they steal your name
mfw saw pic in OP and immediately misread thread title as 'daily fraud writing'
What are you currently working on?A sci-fi novel about a privatized time traveler who sells his service to a pharmaceutical company for R&D that turns out to be reviving extinct diseases into a bioterrorism campaign they will profit from. Time traveler questions himself for being a part after it becomes national news.Twist: Time travel steals from you full life span, Average life span of 75 gets cut down a year or so at a time every time you go attempt it.How many words did you write today?Not that much, just added to my outlines a bit. It is my day off from writing.How long do you think your current project will take?I'd give it a few months. Maybe 6 total.How do you support yourself as a writer?I'm a student. I work part time in a hotel during the semester, full time when I'm off. I also has a second job as a dog trainer.Where do you live?Philadelphia suburbWhat do you do besides write?I play several music instruments and a volunteer sports official/umpire for local little leagues/PAL sports/and CYO leagues. In any spare time that I'm not writing, I'm with my family and occasionally help my dad repair or restore antiques.
subredditI'm alarmed that nobody caught this. Can't reddit just stay on their own board? Why do you have to come here?
Your plot sounds awesome.This thread makes me realize how slow /lit/ is sometimes.
this sounds really cool, but you're going to have to think of logical reasons why he wouldn't just abuse time traveling powers for much easier, greater profit. Keep up the good work.
wrote the most well thought out trilogy of posts in the objective truth/dante's inferno threadNo response, thread is almost expiredwrote 3 memior posts, full 3,000 chars, in the write what's on your mind thread Ignored I came upon the realization that lit hates original works
Baited hard
Relax, comrade.
What are you currently working on?sci-fi novelHow many words did you write today?16. Having trouble describing a sceneHow long do you think your current project will take?atleast a year. maybe 2How do you support yourself as a writer?i don't Where do you live?usaWhat do you do besides write?sleep
Link it here when you get it published, anon. Sounds interesting. I've been working on something a bit similar since October. Best of luck.
mfw i'm OPWhat are you currently working on?I'm still working on my novel.How many words did you write today?I wrote 638 today. I think I'm getting up to speed. My goal is 1,000 words per day. This makes time to completion for my works easy.How long do you think your current project will take?At this rate I should have the first draft done in less than a month.Writing this book is pretty easy so far. I've never taken a project seriously.Why are you having trouble describing a scene? Do you sleep because you are depressed? Are you a NEET? What's the premise of your novel?
, 
Best/favorite book?
Invisible Monsters was bad. Like, really bad.
he's a shitty writer who writes the same shitty transgressive crap over and over againreally, his entire gimmick is built on how faux-sincere he is with his twee existentialist nonsense
You're religious
what most plebs don't see is how this guy masters proseHe owns what he writesHe writes about interesting things -- not overly ambitious sure but it's still better than 95% of the crap others do
Best/favorite book?PygmyAbsolute worstTell-tale Heart. This is what happens when one attempts something they're no good at.
wow he looks like one of my childhood friends as an adultthat kid was weird, just like I assume Chuck
what did you guys think of fight club, personally i liked it but im super biased because i love the film so much
His name is almost Cuck
The only book I read by him was Fight Club and then a book edited by him but written by people who sent him their stories called Burnt Tongues.Fight Club was was about a 5.5-6/10 for me.Burnt tongues was alright too but not as good.
almost-kek'd
I don't like his novels all that much, but I think his essays are great. I read that last summer. What a horrible novel.
Edgecore for people in late 20's/early 30's who think they are deep
Guts was honestly hard to read the first time. Try reading it out loud with a straight face. Some of the other stories from Haunted were good but Guts takes the cake.
Are you a 45 year old housewife?How long have you been on the Internet? I refuse to believe that someone still couldn't be desensitized to nearly everything due to the Internet unless they are a newfag.
Naw, I'm familiar with the usual 4chan gore, guro and shit like that fanfic where the ponies from MLP torture another one to death. Might be that I'm more emotionally vulnerable when I read might be pure skill of Pahlaniuk's part, but Guts really made me feel something in my... guts/asshole.
Interesting, I may need to reread it. Maybe I'm just forgetting the content but I remember not being shocked in the slightest by it.
I'll never understand this, I wasn't even a jaded 4chan faggot when I read it and I felt nothing.
It's not about shock. In fact, I suspect that I had the reaction I did because I've butchered a lot of animals in my time and can vividly picture what he's describing, not because I'd never considered what he's describing. You've got to be along for the ride.
He was great when I was thirteen then every year sense then he has descended further into mediocrity.his best book is survivor.
ITT: Highschoolers
What defines whether or not a book is considered a "classic"? Is it simply a marketing category?Is there any universal agreement on what constitutes a classic?
If it's still it print 50 years after it was published, it'll get called a classic.
* still in print
So I appreciate novels but I can't help but feel like they're a waste of time for me to read nowadays. The past three years I've bought nothing but nonfiction. Philosophy books, history books, books that I can learn things from or that straight forwardly express ideas and lessons rather than an author leading you to them through means of a story. Is this healthy? Am I looking at books the wrong way now? I feel like I am. Once I get over this binge of desiring raw knowledge will I learn to appreciate the beauty of stories and poems again?
I'm sure you'll get tired of this particular pursuit of truth eventually or at least you won't feel as strongly. What do you usually read anon? Anything particularly challenging? As far as fiction
Once I get over this binge of desiring raw knowledgeAre you sure it's knowledge you desire, or is it just information?True wisdom lies in stories and poems.
Every time I read an analysis of some fiction that talks about the subtext and the subtle points the author is trying to make with their references to this or that, yada yada, I think to myself "if the author wanted to make that point why couldn't they just state it outright with clarity". Maybe because authors can't make compelling points unless they're cloaked in emotion manipulation via the characters in a story, whereas if they just stated their thoughts clearly they would sound like every other pretentious bore.
true wisdom

what is this from?
Posy your reading set up. Mine.
i bet you have a beard
why
Constance Garnett
shitty coffeeshitty translationcigarettes
Disgusting. Get on my level of comfy.
implying Constance Garnett doesn't shit on P&Vkike confirmed
Starbucks
1/1Borrowing a friends chair for the summer, and it fit here rather nicely.
I have that same exact version
This is where a go a few evenings a week. It's a 5 minute bike-ride from my house and has a pretty nice view, although it's a bit more crowded than I like, so I don't go there too often.
Where is that?
i was right, wasn't i?
again, why?
American spirits Holy fucking shit, anon-kun, you're a fucking faggot
starbucksthe meme was real
Who said anything about P&V you fucking retard
i would never put a book on a table that dirty
XD
plastic rakeblue table /reddit/
proly the engine smokes hipster faggot
I smoke Americans because they don't taste like chemicals
What is wrong with american spirits? I smoke basic but why is there such a hatred here?
get on my level literally
I live near Grand Rapids, MI.
dude tobacco is a chemical
that's a big book for such small legs
Like artificial chemicals
Is this image b8? Or simply summer /lit/?
OP here. Im on lit year round
knew i shouldnt have skipped leg day
I usually just read on my balcony. The lilacs are still out and I have a water fountain so it really sets the mood.
not smoking filterless cigarettesa buncha faggots on this board. figures.
If you're reading anything besides Garnett you're a fucking retard. If you're reading anything besides Garnett and P&V you're a wanna-be hipster retard
Those Barnes and Noble exclusives are physically awful.I had one literally melt in my hands last summer while I was reading outside.
is garnett  P&V ?
faggot detected
nice quads. thanks for the word picture.
faggot detected
Sodium chloride is really dangerous. Too much can cill you!
What's your cat's name?
www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWOvUxxo59o
 Not enough can kill you too.
Yes. Garnett was a contemporary of Dostoevsky and her translation is much more faithful to the Russian test. P&V's translation takes a lot more liberty, and changes the feel. I remember Boris Pasternak's daughter HATED the P&V translation as it was nothing like Pasternak's original feel- and style-wise.
some people prefer Garnett but this  is almost exactly the opposite of the truth, to the point where I wonder if it's a very subtle troll. P&V are slavishly similar to the original text on a word to word basis; Garnett was more interpretive and had more of a style of her own. Nabokov complained that English-readers didn't understand the difference between Tolstoy and Dostoevsky because Garnett rendered them the same.P&V produce bizarre and not terribly aesthetic English at times but on a micro level they are more faithful to the Russian text. Your call on how important that is to you.
Mine is neat and organized
London?
I smoke spirits because the blacks have a nice flavor and they burn slowly. Anything else gives me a nasty headache and tastes like shit. Because they buy into the notion that brands = identity so they assume everybody else does.
Nope. What made you think so?
LONDON?ONDON?
SLC LC?
I wish I could grow a beardI only have chin pubesdoesn't like GOAT translationlikes the easy faggot onedoesn't smoke cigarettesmommas boyStarbucks and American Spirits are shit tier though.
This. I can remember my copy of Uncle Tom's Cabin slowly falling apart on me back in highschool in a matter of weeks: garbage quality.
I just started reading that today. What do you think of it so far?
JOHANNESBURG?OHect
Oh really? Because I have the same exact Brothers Karamazov, read it twice, and it doesn't even have a crease on the spine.Absolutely perfect.
4 branded products in one imagefucking kill yourself faggot
I got about 100 pages in and realized that reading a translation really doesn't work for this book. I'm trying to develop my skill at French so that I can read it in its original language.So far, though, it probably has the best imagery I've ever read. C.K. Scott did a very good job translating it, but I'd rather read these descriptions the way they were written.No. You will never guess my location.
Poor taste, shit room, disgusting habits.
What gave you the impression of poor taste and disgusting habits?
Mother's house.
edgy childgo to /b/ed
Nope.
Don't act like you're me cheese dick.
No, I'm waiting for your mom to join me.
I have been trying a few different cigarettes lately and American Spirits and Winstons are the best tasting/feeling cigarettes so far
not smoking rolley tobaccey
see
yfw you realize that cigarettes don't taste or feel good at all, but rather you're just brainwashed to believe that they do because of the dopamine flood that occurs when you briefly relieve your constant drug withdrawal.You sound like a kid trying to addict himself. You'd be wise to stop.
OP here, I meant for this to be a thread where you post your reading set up, not talk about cigarettes
Also with a lot of people saying starbucks is shit or spirits are shit, coffee is coffee, I drink it for the caffeine, and cigarettes are cigarettes, I smoke them for the nicotine. Interesting how so many people on this board like theoretical and abstract stuff yet are so materialistic, and would base their judgments of a person on the aesthetic
Yeah well, you fucked up with that product placement heavy pic, OP.
dear anon,i appreciated your postlove, anon
smokingdrinking starbucksDegenerate.
lol
granny pantiesWhy?
clean your room bitch
What are you? You look like some animal trying to appear human, like wearing a human suit.Disgusting, frankly.
the fact that youre this far removed from the world is sadtheyre the normal shape just high waisted
I'm proud of being a consumerist whorelmao fuck you you superficial-ass hipster. That spine does NOT look cracked
Barnes and Noble Classics StarbucksAMERICAN FUCKING SPIRITS Jesus fucking Christ it takes me three days to smoke one cigarette, I step outside for a smoke and miss the movie
No, they're definitely granny panties.
Get a load of his bic. Use a zippo or nothing at all.
:^ |
Disgusting subhuman smokers.If you have stress to relieve read more fucking books.
this was mine a few months ago
not reading the Ignat Asvey translation
perfect
translation
Well yeah reading the original would be best - but Asvey is still better than Garnett or P&V
It would be, except the sun is a bit oppressive in the afternoons.
Sorry anon, I smoke 1 - 5 cigarettes once or twice a month at most. Usually while drinking, or with a particular friend who smokes. I'm not withdrawing from anything. I actually really enjoy smoking. Keep telling yourself the pleasures of smoking are an illusion. It's fine to just not like it. Both coffee and cigarettes have varying tastes. Stale coffee and stale tobacco taste bad, for starters. Coffee has really obviously notable differences if you get different degrees of roasting. The different prep methods also result in different tastes. As for that contradiction, there's none in me. I am actually pretty nominalist and hesonistic. I have a working knowledge of philosophy but the bulk of my reading is novels. I am also poor as shit and reclusive. I don't really do things to impress anybody.
mine
I will end your shit motherfucker
Here's the deal. I've already published two books alongside some university works. For the sake of my privacy, I won't name them and remove the usual tripcode that accompanies me when I post here. Been posting here close to eight years and if there's someone I trust to advise me on this, it's you guys. I pitched a new idea to my publisher who happens to be a friend and he loved it. I've been working on a series of books five to be precise that have a "fantasy / fiction" tone to them, something completely different from my two other books. I have all the stories in my head, some scribbled down on notebooks, others on little notepads, on tiny Word docs and such. All that's left is putting the pieces together. I've hit a terrible conundrum, though. I don't want this work to be compared to the likes of George RR Martin. If anything I'd like to go around a more high tier shit like Tolkien if we are to compare examples everyone and their mothers know about to further simplify my point. In what sense do I mean this? Not as much in their nearly polar opposite way of putting a story together, but in two simpler things, for I already developed my own style of writing that I'm sure will evolve as I'm doing this. Should I or should I not use profanity and sex in my books? I don't want them to be vulgar and I don't subscribe to the post-modernist ideal that there's some inherent beauty in something ugly and common. Sex is a common thing and so is profanity, but I wonder if that will detract from the value of my work or not. Tolkien hasn't used profanity once and he managed to piece together something that's still emulated to this day. Martin on the other side gets high praise who would've thought because he creates more "human", relatable characters on the count of shoving in sex and curse words at every other page. But for me, there's nothing interesting about "the more she drank, the more she shat". So, should I put in these humanizing traits that are profanity and explicit sex or stay classy and never say the first while only implying the latter?
is that you butterfly?always yes to sex.
Fuck no, I'd shoot myself if I was butterfly. I have that shit filtered. What about profanity? And how explicit should the sex be?
Don't use it to drum up interest where there is none. That's a weak approach, though I figure you realize that. Considering profanity, it doesn't bother me personally so long as you carefully scrutinize when it's used, where it's used, and who's using it. An elven king casually swearing while in court is dissonant to tone, a commander swearing in the heat of battle typically isn't.When it comes to sex, pull a bible and just state that they did it. Any description of sex runs the risk of being cringeworthy, and it typically isn't needed. Write about it in a "historical" perspective i.e. "that night, he took her in his chambers and consummated their marriage" and not in a cheap, trashy romance novel perspective. I know this is all obvious, but I hope it helps nonetheless.
tripcode
If I do end up using profanity it'll be in that manner, in extremely stressful situations and used more commonly by people of lower standard. Or particularly vulgar characters that are simply that way. I happened to read a magazine today on my flight back home and at the end, women would send letters describing their sexual experiences. Initially I was repulsed but I had absolutely nothing else to do, so why not. It's exactly as yous said, cringeworthy and trashy that in no way evoke anything but a disapproving nod. That was going to be my approach to sex aswell. I won't use profanity when it comes to narrating either, that's as vulgar as writing in a god damn blog and an insult to literature.
Use the sentence "He gently fucked her brains out." anywhere and everywhere
No OP, fuck with the readers expectations. Nonchalantly throw in some heavy description of rape too.
Go away Tao
Listen to this OP. This poster is clearly a true literary genius on par with Sasha Grey or Ayn Rand.
That goes without saying. I hope it doesn't come across as an attention grabbing maneuver, but I intend to do that. Tao, go away, I'm not reading your books.
Describing intimacy isn't necessarily base or trashy, so long as you're describing sex as a circumstance of the intimacy rather than the other way around. Also, was god damnused ironically there? If so, bravo.
Worried about who you're compared to, it's not the contemporary audience who gets the final word. It's how history views you.
I think I'll stick to "they did it" instead of going into detail about it, using the appropriate "ye olde English" terminology for it without sounding like I'm a teenager playing D&D for the first time. I had a professor once who told me that written irony is only effective if people wonder if it was done on purpose or not afterwards. I'm doing it write Mr. Anthony. Well, contemporary audiences will inevitably compare as it is common everytime a writer delves into fantasy. I dislike GRUM very much and to be compared to him would feel like a slap on the face.
A-anon-kun do you mean that?
I'm doing it writewriteAuto-correct, why do you take it as your personal quest in life to make me sound stupid every single time you come into play?
Don't self-censor. Don't shove profanity into a story that doesn't need it, but don't hold back profanity if it comes naturally to you.
I've been self-censoring myself for the past 4 years and there's nothing I hate more. After I'm done with the stories I want to tell, I'll move on to politics and let myself loose.
Profanity and obscenity aren't inherently bad. It's just that if you use them you have to find a way to not be heavy-handed with it. I think Thomas Pynchon and John Hawkes are good examples of authors who did it well.
I'm a bit of a newfag to /lit/ in particular, but I guess I can throw my two cents your way if you'll take them.As far as I'm concerned, profanity can work in writing if you use it right. I've read plenty of fiction where profanity was used somewhat casually, as people use it normally, and I feel that that works well if you want to define different kinds of characters based on the way they speak.I mean, some people don't swear, some people swear a lot, and some people swear very little but they do it in a particular way. Personally, I actually swear a lot in casual conversation. I don't subscribe to the societal dogma that swearing is inherently vulgar and cheapens conversation. I'm a very grounded, but also very emotional man, so I'm gonna say words like fuck, and shit, and cunt, if I feel like it works with whatever I'm saying.I know I'm not the only person who does this, and I feel it's somewhat dishonest to say that nobody does in writing. If you want to avoid it though then you probably can get away with it, it's not something that's gonna shatter someone's suspension of disbelief if the first words that come out of a character's mouth when he gets hit in the thumb with a hammer are, "God fucking damnit!"That all being said though, using swearing for shock value is fucking stupid. If you're gonna do it at all, rip the bandage off quickly if you can, because waiting to call someone a kike or some stupid shit until the climax is just gonna make people's eyes roll.I'm sure you already figured all that out for yourself though, so I'll get right onto sex.Anon's Great Wall Of Text, Length One Of Two...
I've seen sex handled four ways, the first and most common way is to ignore it completely. This works pretty well, as it won't ruin people's suspension of disbelief if you don't say that they fucked, or if you just imply it in the subtext and leave it at that. The second way is to directly reference it and then pretty much cut to black. This pretty much entails going into some of the lead up, then cutting back away to the actual plot of the story when things start to wander out of the realm of PG. People appreciate route number two, because it doesn't keep them guessing about it. It's honest and forthcoming, but not vulgar. If people want vulgarity, then their imaginations can do the legwork past that if need be.Route three is to include the sex as is and just have it as sex. It's pretty much pornographic, and it bugs some people. Route three is pretty much the weakest way to deal with sex unless you're specifically trying to write smut, which you obviously aren't since you're asking this question in the first place.Route four is to make sex part of the story. I don't mean that the sex has some sort of implied significance while you go over it and you expect your readers to know. It always had that, regardless of whether you included it or not. This route is where you go over the act itself and explore how the characters interact through it, using it as an expository tool. This is by far the best way to do it if you can pull it off, but it's really hard to pull off.If you're interested in including sex in your story, then just go with route two. If you're interested in making sex a part of your story, then go with a mix of route two and four. Sex isn't always gonna be meaningful, so just skimp over the details when it isn't, but when it is meaningful then write that shit in all it's glory.When the male protagonist is fucking the female protagonist' brains out and he whispers, "I love you" without realizing it, and everything just stops? That's a great fucking moment right there, one that you wouldn't want to lose. By the same metric, when she starts screaming the wrong name in the middle of the act and he kicks her out without any clothes; how are you gonna get that kinda exposition if you don't take the time to talk about sex?Seriously, tell me if you know, I want to use that technique if it exists.So in conclusion, sex and profanity are both fine so long as you're an adult about them. Don't just use them to use them, but don't ignore the opportunity to enrich your story with them if you see the chance to do so.Full disclosure, I'm a novice and I haven't got anything close to being published, so this is more observational stuff than stuff borne from any personal experience. As always use your own judgment, it's always gonna be better than mine is for your story.
low b8 m8
John Hawkes does it masterfully if you ask me. It's a great example. Initially I wanted to use profanity as a means to define someone, but that seemed just cheap and underhanded. "What's so special about, say, Richard? Besides swearing a lot". I don't want it to become that kind of tool because it's been done to death. I forgot to mention in the OP that what I'm going for is realism, so it's realistic that someone would swear. We have Roman profanity engraved in Pompey's city walls. Realistically, the nature of speech is very raw and unless we're looking at it from a professional POV, a man will swear. Whether it's a lot or a little, at this point, I find irrelevant. I'm not trying to make my work into a "PG rated" kind of thing, I didn't even think about that. I had to learn the value of sex after settling down with a girl because previous to that all I did was fuck around. I just don't want to cheapen it by throwing it in like it's something common, but at the same time it's becoming the norm to trivialize it so I'm not sure I want to go through that. Route 1 and 2 seem from far away the most appropriate choices. I don't want to make either sex or profanity a focus point, my only use to them right now would be making the characters more relatable. Yes, that guy right there swears. Yes, they had sex and both enjoyed it so much they went for seconds. It happens. But then you see conservative writing like Tolkien's and can't help but wonder if you couldn't imply it so it doesn't detract anything from the story. How?
If anything I'd like to go around a more high tier shit like TolkienI can already guarantee you that you're already destined to a GRRM level.
Hawkes is just great in general. He's my favorite author.
In my opinion your conflict here could be solved by taking a marksman's stance on the issue.Every shot I don't take is an opportunity wastedEvery shot I miss is a potential shot wastedTake every shot you know you can make and if you hesitate at all, then that's a shot gone. Then just move onto the next and use the same process. If you haven't fired any rounds by the time you go home, then there weren't any shots worth taking.Ain't nothing more to it than that.
I have an uncle who moved to Rhode Island in the early 80s to have him as a professor. Considering we're European, that says quite a lot. I'm familiar with his work, moreso than with Pynchon's. That puts things in perspective. My initial idea was to write a couple of chapters twice, one with a more natural and profanity-prone style and that includes sex and the other in a more "puritan" way. I wanted to ask /lit/ how they feel when they read and stumble upon curse words and sex described in a crude way.
Learning from him would've been an incredible experience. As for Pinecone, he's definitely no Hawkes but there are certain things about his writing that are unique and interesting in their own right.
I wanted to ask /lit/ how they feel when they read and stumble upon curse words and sex described in a crude way.In that case, I can just tell you. So long as it isn't withheld forever, I blink once, then move on with the story. If it happens again then I'm not surprised.If an author holds it back from the story for some extended time, like some kind of taboo thing, then tries to drop it on me like some kind of bombshell, I just roll my eyes and keep reading.The point is that I shouldn't be stumbling onto it in the first place, OP. If I'm "stumbling onto it" then either you waited too long to play your cards or you just suck at telegraphing your shit. If you want to build up to it, then make sure you build up to it, otherwise don't be afraid of popping your authorial cherry sooner rather than later.I mean, seriously, what do you expect? You think I'm gonna call your grandma and tell her you wrote naughty words in your book? Fuck that noise, if the books any good then I'm gonna keep on reading that shit.
He told me it was worth getting in debt for five years. Also said it brought he learned more in two semesters with him than he did in 4 years of college and 3 of his Master's Degree. Told me he spoke very slowly in his classes but managed to be energetic at the same time and no one was bored. I really hate the "bombshell" thing too. I don't like surprises, period, but this kind of pseudo-suspense driven cliché is cringeworthy. To be completely honest with you, I don't know what kind of reaction I want yet. All I know is the reaction I don't want and that is the eye-roll, the cringe, the "well, that sucked". Plus, build up for sex is really fucking lame. And tediously pretentious if you ask me.
just describe the thing instead of, you know, spelling it out
Plus, build up for sex is really fucking lame. And tediously pretentious if you ask me.I think it's an important skill to have and I feel like one of the reasons sex is such a taboo topic in writing is that authors don't take the time and effort necessary to figure out how to do it right.Honestly? I recommend trying to write some short thing to work on that, something that can stand alone and that you don't intend to publish. Write something that builds up to sex, and then try to write and actual meaningful sex scene. If you give it a serious attempt and figure out that you can't do it, nothing lost but a little time on your part.But if you find that you can do it, and that you can do it well, then you've got a powerful tool that can pull out when you think you need to use it to drive your plot home.Double entendre 100% intended.
 just have the tolkien raunchy character ie the reformed prostitute and keep everyone else asexual as fuck
I'm kinda jealous of your uncle now.
be discrete. you can have these elements exist in your world to flesh it out, but never focus on them.i'd recommend susanna clarke as a style guide. good luck and let us know when something comes of this!
Let us get this out of the way first off:I don't want this work to be compared to the likes of George RR Martin.What I'm hearing is the publisher's voice not a nervous self assessment of artistic merit. "If we wanted Martin we would contact him. Give us something different, by which we mean better." As he is your contemporary, therefore you will be compared. End of topic.On to profanity.One of the earliest multi-player historical simulation games of pre-internet fame had, as required reading, a pretty extensive guide to expected behaviors and background culture. In a time where war was a perfectly reasonable means to settle any issue at all, rigidly proper adherence to etiquette suddenly looms large as a the smartest path to survival. Sure, for first three times, it was funny as fuck fielding them forum complaints: "GM, why did I log in and find my character strung up and shanked, and all the shit in my fief burnt to the ground?"After that ...Amusingly one could apply more figurative forms of profanity in the right context. Implying someone's affinity for sheep was an ever popular mode. Strange, but it was something one could get away with more readily here than with more modern means.Roll with this attitude and you'll find many an opportunity to write a delicious scene like, say, Henry V, act 1, scene 2.I'm onna roll, more to come in a moment
So why are you using profanity?Stephen King has said if you're writing contemporary regular folk, you use profanity. If you won't you might be writing something great, but don't pretend it's some slice of modern Americana.But you're writing fantasy.Battlestar Galactica makes use of a bit of language masquerading, something thrilling to an edge seeking eight year old. Today, it comes across as silly-cute. The meaning and usage are lifted from English making it exactly the same; making it too familiar. May as well read a story set on late twentieth century Earth from King or Clancy instead.Asimov made use of profanity in one scene with an interesting two word splice. Like "Frak" it was not obscene in of itself to our ears, though its usage had an obvious parallel in English. More importantly Asimov used this technique to say something about the character spewing it, a well dressed thug pretending at being a courtier, and the culture in which he swam.It's that duel use technique you want to lean on. Be it a creatively strange creation, or plain old contemporary colloquialisms, use it as an added means of painting in the picture.Do that and you can pretty much use profanity to your hearts content in all your writing.I have something to say about sex as well, but I'll need sit a spell and gather my thoughts before I get me my pron on.BBIAB.
Should there be Catholic SF? Absolutely! Suppose we change that question just a little and say, “Should there be Catholic art?” Answer NO, and a lot of the world’s greatest art vanishes. Humanists would say the Divine Comedy is fantasy, but they are wrong. It is SF, based on the soft science of theology. Theology has just as much right to that word science as sociology and the rest do.-Gene WolfeIs he right? Is the Divine Comedy sci-fi? The question was never settled.
it was settledstop spamming this shit
“Should there be Catholic art?” Answer NO, and a lot of the world’s greatest art vanishes*a lot of the Western world's greatest art
*A lot of the Western world's greatest art Exactly, a lot of the world's greatest art.
this  and please, do not imply that Christianity is a Western phenomenon. From Africa to Asia and the Americas for the matter Christianity has been very influential. It started out far from here, I can assure you. Armenia, Ethiopia, Egypt, the Middle East as a whole has contributed a lot to the faith and the culture. You pointing out the West in this discussion - to me - seems like self-hatred and needless mocking one of the greates civilisations of Earth. Implying that instead of a lot of the world's greatest art, only the West's greatest art would vanish makes no sense, for these terms are close to synonymous. t. Atheist
I knowJoe said that they are liars.is grammatically correct. But isJoe said they are liars.correct?
it's meant to be a direct quote, so I believe you'd usually put what's direct in quotation marks.
It's acceptable.
at least Joe can talk
Can /lit/ explain what dialectics are?
thesis+antithesis=synthesis
i skydive. that vid is craziness.
Besides Carlyle and Fitzhugh, who still defended slavery in principle in the 19th century?
bump
Is there any literature about total freedom? As in, the state of being a perfect embodiment of your own will?
Uh, just read Stirner and you'll realize what you're saying is as intelligent as "the moon is made of cheese".
What are the factual errors in Gibbon's The Decline and Fall? I see people saying it's wrong on a lot of things, but could you point them out exactly and explain the errors and quote them?
these are the only books I've ever read. rate me.
You've read two good books.
Out of all the versions you could have read, you read the New American Bible?mfw
that version of utopia is pretty good at least
bibleWhat a waste.reading so little u can fit every book you've read in a single pictureHow do you function?
oh fuck
Just hit me and get it over with
Do it or don't but I've got someplace to be
Why does your shelf have middle school-level assigned reading in it?
prelude to foundationsecond foundationno foundationkek fucking what
bretty good
How come Dream of the Red Chamber is thin?
Honestly, you're better off than most people I've met.
arranging your books by heightStop that shit.
Candide is pretty good.What the fuck is an American Bible exactly?
Probably abridged and translated. OP needs to be memed ASAP.
not bad OP but I would recommend reading some of the great classics, Don Quixote, The Brothers Karamazov, War & Peace, Ulysses etc. etc.
I guess you just started reading recently, but it's clear you have an interest in being educated. Good for you. I would reccomend you pick something or an author your interested in and let that guide you to what to read next. Don't listen to everyone giving you a canon list, you'll probably get to them on your own If you trace back influences and references in what your already reading.I'm wondering why you only have second foundation from the trilogy, and then prelude. Seems like a weird way to read the series.
H-How will I know when you're coming?
They're printed on greaseproof paper.
Only good books are Candide, Dante's Inferono and Metamorphosis. I've heard Neuromancer is good


Seriously. KJV or NRSV or gtfo.
look at thumbnailthink the thick book with the golden spine is Michael Fabers 'Book of Strange New Things'open imageit is le bibleDisappoint.
Fuck you
yeah that shit is like a million pages long
neuromancer is a fun fast read that stays with you. Its pulp-y but very original in feeling and style.
Wouldn't interest me save a few books. Makes my shelf look like a big ol /lit/ meme by comparison though.
reading anything but the Vulgategross
fuck
KEK
congrats, you're more well read than 90% of americans.
saul williamsyou're cool
I think it is funny that MTV, of all companies, published Saul Williams' books
Like half of those books are good
¿Qué tal un hilo sobre literatura en español?¿Cuál es el último libro que habéis leido? ¿Cuál va a ser el siguiente?
JODERODERTIOIO
Lo último que he leído ha sido "El extranjero" de Camus.Acabo de empezar "La familia" de Lacan y estoy a mitad de camino de una novela sobre cirujía torácico-abdominal de los años 80.
¿Por placer o estudias Medicina?
Terminé Gravity's Rainbow ayer, cometí el error de comprarlo en inglés hace 2011 estando en tierras extrañas.Creo que mi próxima lectura es V., pero en español por supuesto. Nunca más...Lo último de literatura en español original que leí fue... Borges si no me equivoco. En cola tengo Trafalgar, de Pérez-Reverte.
El último libro que leí fue La subasta del lote 49, edición de Tusquets.mi cara cuando esa portadaEmpezé Inherent Vice, pero lo dejé debido a que mi padre lo mojó. Ahora leo El marinero que perdió la gracia del mar de Mishima.
"Las cenizas del Cóndor de Fernando Butazzoni". Una historia de secuestro, represión y robo de bebés en las dictaduras del Cono Sur. Basado en una historia real. 750 páginas que se leen volando. Espectacular.
La Saga de los Groenlandeses, pero es una traducción obviamente.Estaba pensando ponerme o bien con "Don Quijote de la Mancha" o bien con una traducción de GEB.¿Alguna recomendación?
La IlíadaOrientalismo Edward Said
Estudio Medicina, pero apenas estoy en primero. Las nociones básicas de anatomía y fisiología se entienden enseguida, pero cuestiones de farmacología/técnica quirúrgica son más complicadas.De todos modos, el libro es bastante sencillo y asequible económica e intelectualmente para un público no especializado.
њñ
Estoy leyendo Don Juan de Lord Byron, en castellano :
 :?
 :Lo hiciste enojar.
Le recomendaría interiorizarse en las bases de la farmacocinética y farmacodinamia para no andar tan perdido con la parte de farmacología.No es mucho lo que tiene que aprender. Debería poder absorberlo en menos de 3 días si le dedica una buena cantidad de tiempo. Una semana si tiene otras cosas que hacer que me imagino que tiene considerando que está estudiando medicina.Yo ya voy en tercero, por lo que ya pasé por la asignatura de anatomía. ¿Qué libro está usando usted para el estudio de dicha materia? A mi me bastó con el Moore, aunque para osteología del craneo tuve que complementar con el Rouvieretodas esas descripcionesEl horror.El último libro fue "Demian" de Hesse. Gran libro por cierto, creo que es el mejor fanfic yaoi que he leído en mi vida y el único.Pero hablando en serio el libro es patricio por donde se le mire. La evolución de Sinclair, los brillantes aforismos por aquí y por allá, la relación con el amigo pianista. Al final pensé que se iba a desinflar un poco, pero fue más que satisfactorio.5/5 en buenaslecturas.Ahora estoy leyendo "Papá goriot" de Balzac. El sabor más notorio que me deja el libro es lo poco que hemos cambiado en estos últimos 200 años.Also, Balzac es god-tier a la hora de describir a sus personajes. No solo sus observaciones son sagaces, sino que los personajes están tan prolijamente construidos que en verdad son uno con lo que el mismo Balzac te describe de ellos.Planeo empezar "la torre oscura" después que termine papá goriot. Paralelo a eso quiero empezar a interiorizarme en la filosofía occidental con los griegos pero no, en serio, voy a empezar con los griegos.

Quién /Bolaño/ acá?
ser chilenono he leído nada de Bolaño, Neruda o Mistral¿Qué tan plebeyo soy?
¿Allende al menos?La casa de los espíritus, primera novela larga que leí en mi vida. 8/10 retratando la vida campestre/revolucionaria del Cono sur debería leer de nuevo.
100%Anda a leer los Detectives Salvajes, no te vas a arrepentir
Lo último leído, Luces de Bohemia, del gran Valle-Inclán. Buenísima obra, se mire por donde se mire.Ahora lo siguiente es San Manuel Bueno, mártir; de Unamuno.
Allende nunca me ha llamado mucho la atención. Al principio porque no me interesaba mucho leer y después porque parece ser que su literatura está más abocada a lo comercial.Con la descripción que me da como que me dan ganas de leerla, pero tengo mucho tiempo que recuperar y preferiría partir con Bolaño o Cortazar en lo que se refiere a literatura latinoamericana.buscar el pdf en googleencuentro el libro en inglés pero no en españolSer pobre es sufrir.No tendría problemas en leerlo en inglés si no fuese por traducciones.
Leí el ladrónde de orquídeas en ingles recientemente.Quiero empezar el marinero mañana. Esta bien?
¿Qué opinan sobre el meme de Stirner? La verdad es que ha llegado a tal punto el divertiposteo que se ha hecho al rededor de su imagen y obra que me están dando ganas de leerlo.¿Alguien conoce alguna buena traducción al español?
Y tu a mi sonreir.Siguiendo el hilo: "La conjura de Cortés" por Matilde Asensi
"la torre oscura"Me gustó bastante la saga, especialmente el cuarto.
es bueno para deconstruirlo si es que lees critical theory o marxismo.La verdad es que stirner sirve como *pensamiento* de las cosas, pero en el hecho cae en la misma descripcion de hegel que hace del escepticismo en la dialectica de maestro y esclavo, de llevar la auto consciencia al extremo sin consciencia de las cosas para luego vanagloriarse de tener una autoconsciencia libre
Estoy leyendo Detectives Salvajes, es chido
Ya acabé el extranjero. Me identifique demasiado.Compré otros libros de Camus y ahora estoy en Caligula, buena obra hasta el momento
¿leés alverres? chido
¿Qué opinás de los libros finales? Hay una discusión en  sobre el tema.En lo personal me gustó mucho hasta el IV... donde para mí se desvirtúa demasiado.
El primer capítulo te dejará con ganas de más. Mucho más.
Últimamente tengo mucho curro y la verdad es que no estoy pudiendo leer mucho, pero técnicamente estoy con "History of western philosophy" de Russell. Y "Dune".
¿Habéis leído a Dostoyevski en castellano? ¿Qué traducciones merecen la pena?
De "Crimen y Castigo" reconozco que no recuerdo la edición que leí. "Los Hermanos Kamarazov" lo leí en la edición de Cátedra, que como he comentado en otro hilo es mi editorial favorita y nunca falla. Así que me atrevería a decir que recomiendo leerlo en Cátedra a él en particular, por lo menos.
No odias las tapas de las nuevas ediciones de Alianza? A mi me dan bastante asco.
¿Ya leíste "el mito de sísifo"? Yo me enamoré perdidamente de ese hijo de perra apuesto de Camus después de leerlo.
i want to learn spanish. not latin american spanish but i guess castillian spanish from spainwhat is the best way to do that? good books, videos, resources? easy beginning spanish books? besides dictionaries what should i get to learn the verbs and grammar
Solo vengo a decir que ANAGRAMA es una puta mierda, y que se leen todos mas pretenciosos y maricones en español.Ah y que hibari chan es mi waifu.
Just try not being a faggot and that should work out nicely for you.
Try duolingo.
Estoy leyendo a Knausgaard, pero en inglés porque no hay traducción al español todavía y porque quería apresurarme a leerlo porque parece lo más "fresco" en literatura ahora mismo, ja.
2666 es la verrrgaaaaa
mcc no hay meme-escritores en españolEl más ridículo es Vargas Llosa, pero le falta, le falta. Borges es muy propenso al ridículo también, no entiendo por qué la gente no se da cuenta.
mcq puedo leer español pero me duele la caveza

Me di cuenta el otro día. ¿Qué tal si transcribo los manuscritos del siglo de oro que todavía no se ha publicado? ¿Podría ganar bastante así?
Estoy siendo una cerda traidora a la patria y vengo de Ballard a Artaud, pero tengo un largo listado de autores de cuentos a los que darle masa cuando tenga algún billete.Qué tan interesado está el hilo en un pequeño critique and comment?
No puedo esperar. Mishima es mi husbando.
i want to learn spanish. not latin american spanish but i guess castillian spanish from spaincastillian spanish from spainThat's literally the worst Spanish there is, you dumb dumb. Latin American Spanish is most pure form of Spanish, believe it or not.
ANAGRAMA es una puta mierda¿Por qué todo el mundo dice esto? No entiendo. ¿Es un meme o algo?
Es una mala editorial miresla como la mires. Las traducciones son torpes, la encuadernación es la correcta y nada más, y sus precios no van acorde a la calidad del producto. También tienen practicas comerciales muy feas en que compran toda la bibliografía de un autor y se sientan en los derechos sin imprimir nada. Así terminás con tres o cuatro libros de Kerouac en todas partes y zero chances de conseguir otra cosa. Si sos latinoamericano peor, mandan un 10% de su material con suerte y el resto hay que encargarlo a librerías españolas.
Por lo menos serías la salvación de los historiadores.ese sentir cuando no más paleografía
Me gustaría tener su físico. Es como un Travis Bickle real.
Soy un novato en la lectura y quiero aprovechar el hilo para preguntarles una cosa. ¿A ustedes les pasa que al leer algo, ya sea ficción o no ficción, hay momentos en los que olvidan lo que recién leyeron? ¿Qué tan plebeyo soy? ¿Qué puedo hacer para cambiar? Además de leer más a menos que eso sea todo.Quisiera convertirme en un lector hábil.
Tienes razon sobre Allende, escribe lo que se vende, pero La casa de los espiritus es una buena novela, en ocasiones es MUY parecida a Cien años de soledad hay una escena casi igual, pero no se siente como una copia. La recomendio bastante para los amantes del realismo magico.Aprovechando el hilo, ¿Que novelas o autores hispanos debo de leer? He leido mucha literatura anglosajona y francesa, pero no mucha de la que "me toca" por nacimiento.Consigue Los Detectives Salvajes tan pronto como puedas, muy buena, aunque es jodidamente cara en español, la he visto en tiendas por 10 dolares, en ingles y en frances, pero en español no baja de los $50que puta hueva usar acentos en un board, no me jodan por eso
obviamente leer más. también elegí mejor los espacios donde leer. podés pensar que tenés super concentración o que un poco de ruido ayuda, no, es mentira. conseguí un espacio relajado, silencioso, comodo y si es posible al sol. si no te acordás lo que leiste, releé.
que puta hueva usar acentos en un board, no me jodan por eso¿En qué parte de la Ciudad de México queda tu preparatoria?
Gracias.¿Qué piensan sobre tomar notas/hacer fichas?Un doctor de la universidad siempre nos dice a los alumnos que hacer fichas es de lo más recomendable.
Ha!La chingada huevona pelotuda madre.
Podrías hacer un pequeño diagrama de flujo sobre lo que leíste después de terminar un arco/capítulo.Tomar notas es importante si quieres recordar ciertas cosas por sobre otras.En lo personal prefiero no tomar notas ni anda e ir dejando que se vaya dando la lectura.
critique and commentExplícate, cerda traidora.
compartir cosas y comentar el trabajo de los demás. sos nuevo en /lit/?
Hola, hola amigos.Hace unas semanas terminé de leer 2666 y desde entonces me siento sobre saturado de literatura en castellano : Ahora empecé La-bàs de Huysmans en inglés, no francés, mal por mi y tengo a Marek Hlasko después.Mis favoritos son Onetti y Cortázar.Saludos, hasta la próxima!
No soy de la cd. De mexico, pero estoy en una de las primeras ipad, y es bastante tardado usar acentos.
2666 la primera obra maestra del siglo 21. Detectives Salvajes tampoco esta mal.
Bumpo A todos los que les gusta Bolaño, os recomiendo que también leais Nocturno de Chile y Putas Asesinas
mfw termine 2666nunca voy a saber como termina de verdad
terminé de leer 2666 y desde entonces me siento sobre saturado de literatura en castellanoA mi me sucedio lo opuesto. 2666 es basicamente "LA LITERATURA ES LO MEJOR QUE EXISTE EN EL MUNDO: EL LIBRO", si al leerlo no te dan ganas de leer mas libros en español siendo Onetti y Cortazar, dos increibles escritores latinoamericanos, tus favoritos y sobre todo, mas de Bolaño, lo lamento por vos.
Topkek
Nunca he leido nada de Onetti, qué me recomendáis?
La Vida Breve
Antonio di Benedetto y Nicanor Parra.Eso es todo.
SRBE NA VRBE!
De Artaud leí "Para terminar con el juicio de Dios". Toda una crítica al Platonismo y elegía a la inmanencia y el cuerpo como única verdad. Me lo regaló mi madre, que fue actriz de teatro en otros tiempos. Creo que es imposible de entender, lo que Artaud dice, sin considerar la concepción del teatro que tienen los actores, capaces de trascender en una actividad puramente Real.
¿Cuántos de aquí leéis literatura extranjera en versión original? ¿Hay algún libro que creáis que es especialmente importante leerlo en el idioma en que fue escrito?
Siempre que sea posible. Si es traducción se pierde mucho. En inglés leo en inglés, español igual. Y leí el principito en frances con un diccionario a la par.
6633605Yo me leío Mason&Dixon y decidí mirarlo en inglés. Jeje un error que no cometeré dos vecesAhora me estoy leyendo la Pastoral Americana de Roth
ANAGRAMA es una puta mierda
memescritoresno Perez Reverte
Si vas a leer ciencia ficcion, fantasia, la odisea, novelas escritas con una prosa comun y centradas en la trama, no importa mucho la verdad, aunque si es una novela simple es bueno para practicar. Por ejemplo, yo lei el señor de los anillos en español e ingles y sinceramente no hay ni la mas puta diferencia, si algun dia lo leo de vuelta lo voy a hacer en español.Libros que usan jerga como Ulysses ademas, las descripciones de Joyce en ingles son impecables o Pynchon que juega mucho con el lenguaje, es un poco mas importante leerlos en ingles, si es que queres absorberlos completamente, si no, leelos en español, a quien carajo le importa, no te dejes influenciar por el meme de que hay que leer en el idioma original. Veo poco probable que haya alguien en 4chan que lea en latin, ruso, griego, japones, aleman, frances, español e ingles. Lo importante es leer.Borges tenia razon.
Al igual que , leo seguido en inglés o portugués. Sin embargo, depende mucho del estilo de prosa. Pynchon como puse arriba me llevó 4 años, fue un desastre. Ahora compré V. en español. traduccionesIgnorar completamente este meme. Creer que uno pude interpretar mejor la obra original que un traductor profesional es pura soberbia, y lo intraducible en una buena traducción va a estar como N. del T..
Estoy familiarizándome con Unamuno. He leído Niebla unas tres veces, Guerra y paz, su primera novela algo densa y se nota que no había pulido su estilo una selección de sus ensayos, su obra de teatro "el otro" Hay buenas ideas pero creo que hubiese funcionado mejor como una novela corta San Manuel Bueno Mártir y ahora estoy leyendo Vida de Don Quijote y Sancho, que en mi opinión es lo mejor que tiene de lo que he leído. ¿Alguna opinión o recomendación de este autor? Soy bastante completista y me gustaría leer toda su obra tarde o temprano.
No se supone que entiendas a Artaud, está tratando de alcanzar la lógica divina con las palabras y termina haciendo un caos total. Su obra es el trabajo de un loco y hay que aceptarla e interpretarla desde esa posición, y capaz que se llega a conectar un poco con su locura. Ahora me pregunto si Klaus Kinski tendrá algunas obras de Artaud interpretadas o si la barrera de nacionalidad lo impidió...
Ah y que hibari chan es mi waifu.No había leido esto, un honor. Aunque no entiendo qué habrás querido decir con la segunda mitad de la primera oración.
Creer que uno pude interpretar mejor la obra original que un traductor profesional es pura soberbia, y lo intraducible en una buena traducción va a estar como N. del T..No te creas, sobretodo con Anagrama me pasa que tengo que imaginar cómo sería esa oración en inglés para entenderla a veces, y jamás de los jamaces ponen notas de la traducción. Y con filosofía es mucho peor, más considerando que no hay forma de que leas fluidamente todos los idiomas que puedan interesar. De dos libros de Gadamer que tengo uno avisa casi en cada página sobre decisiones de traducción basadas en previas publicaciones que me parece un criterio errado pero lo avisan y el otro tiene montones de terminos complicados de interpretar sin avisar nada. Con el griego peor porque posteriores autores, muchos alemanes, van a usar multiples interpretaciones de cada palabra; así que tendrías que tener una versión con más notas que páginas traducidas que las hay o estar malgastando tu tiempo si lo leés para entender autores modernos.
Y jamás de los jamases ponen notas de la traducciónEstoy estudiando la carrera de traducción y allí nos animan a no poner notas del traductor, enarbolando los argumentos de que el mejor traductor es el que no hace notar su presencia y que las notas del traductor rompen la inmersión del lector. No soy partidario de esto, pero es el consenso actual en el gremio.
El último, una parte de El Aleph. Y, cualquier cosa filosófica, jóvenes.
Si estás traduciendo la guía del autoestopista por ahí pasa, pero cuando un autor tiene terminología muy propia rara vez leés por inmersión. Te preparan para traducir los juegos del hambre, que supongo es lo que más te paga y ojalá te toquen laburos así, pero /lit/ bien sabe que si leés por inmersión andá a jugar un videojuego.
Voy a evitar Anagrama entonces. No niego que me haya pasado lo que comentás de las frases: de hecho así es que uno desconfía de la traducción. Pero bien, mantengo lo dicho vale en general... si conocés el idioma original, vas a poder leer a través de la traducción tendría que ser demasiado desprolija para no, y si no lo conocés tanto, también va a yudar.Esto es muy triste.
Me tatue al quijote en la pierna. ¿Soy un perdedor?
FUERZAUERZATIOIO
Deberías tatuarte uno con cara de miedo absoluto que sólo muestres cuando haya molinos cerca.
El Pozo, Los Adioses, El AstilleroNo me gusta en general la literatura latinoamericana, asi que eso no me preocupa. Cortázar es modernista, y Onetti me hace acordar a Céline mas que nada. Y con Bolaño no termine, tengo Los Detectives Salvajes guardado para algun momento
No me gustan los tatuajes, pero el diseño no está mal. ¿Hay alguna razón especial por la que te lo has tatuado?
Me estoy leyendo The Recognitions de Gaddis, está cool. No sé si hay traducciones al español. Después me voy a leer el libro ese de Mutis, las novelas de Maqroll el gaviero. Me siento mal por que soy colombiano y nunca he leído a Mutis, espero no me decepcione.
Si no has leído Don Quijote, pues anda. Es una belleza, de principio a fin. Pero no dejés GEB atrás, también es un libro muy bueno. La traducción que yo tengo es la de Tusquets, y la disfruté mucho, aunque tampoco soy un experto como para saber si hay otras mejores.
GEB... ¿?Disculpad mi lumpenidad
4 libros de alianzaMillonario detectado. O es que solo son caros en Colombia y no dónde sea que ustedes vivan?Hablando de libros caros, hace poco compré uno de Fondo de Cultura Económica. Una estafa prácticamente.
Alguien sabe si va a salir traducción al Español prontamente? O tocará leerlo en Inglés?
Huy. En estos días me compre Ada de Nabokov en Anagrama. ¿Será que es mala la traducción?
Allende nada más se monto en la ola del realismo mágico para sacar un par de novelas mediocres y vender bastante. "Talentless hack", le dirían por acá.
Tomo notas cuando Leo libros grandes/con muchos personajes. Me ayuda cuando se me olvida quien es alguien, o algo que halla pasado.
A mi me regalaron Lolita de Nabokov. Que se yo. Para una relectura puede ser interesante pero cuando tenés un mago del lenguaje es medio un desperdició estar leyendo otras palabras.Por ejemplo, a la icónicoa aliteración con que empieza la mandaron:Lolita, luz de mi vida, fuego de mies entrañas. Pecado mío, alma mía. Lo-li-ta: la punta de la lengua emprende un viaje de tres pasos paladar abajo hasta apoyarse, en el tercero, en el borde de los dientes. Lo. Li. Ta.Ya arramca horrible traduciendo groins como entrañas, omitiendo lo sexual de la referencia. Después mata completamente la aliteración, pero quita conectores que no estaban expresamente omitidos en el original para hacerlo sonar más poético o algo. No solo le mata el ritmo sino que le inventa uno nuevo. Hay autores que de ser posible hay que evitar tocar traducciones.
No. Simplemente es mi libro favorito, y me quería tatuar algo.
Gödel, Escher, Bach
Ayyyyyy caliente!
¿Usáis Kindle o algo similar o seguís tirando de libros de papel?No me adapto a los libros electrónicos...
Me tomó un tiempo adaptarme, pero tengo un Kindle Paperwhite 1 y simplifica mucho la vida. En especial para libros raros o en otros idiomas. Además es muy fácil de manejar con Calibre, y puedo piratear casi cualquier cosa
Ambas. No hay como el papel, pero para lugares con poca iluminación, con mucha, o de viaje, la kindle gana en práctica.Hace poco empecé a rayar y marcar los libros suena a herejía a priori, pero es un vicio genial y, para hacerlo bien, se requiere papel, marcador y bolígrafo.
Ambos. Kindle solo si no tengo el libro y no está en la bilbioteca de mi universidad.
Ah. Siendo tu libro favorito, y si simpatizas con Unamuno sé que no todo el mundo lo hace, te recomiendo su Vida de Don Quijote y Sancho. Unamuno reivindica la figura del Quijote como una especie de guía espiritual frente a la del bufón que comúnmente se le atribuye
los libros son de papel para poder rayarlos, usted tranquilo.
Lo ultimo que leí fue el Facundo, voy empezando la segunda parte del Martín Fierro, ya me atrapo la literatura gaucha
escritos por vecinos dueños de propiedad en Buenos Airespropaganda para convencer a otros terratenientes que está bien explotar a los gauchossecuela es propaganda para motivar la guerra en el surNo hay nada gaucho con respecto al Martín Fierro. Tenés que leer autores del interior para algo parecido a literatura gaucha.
Opiniones en Pynchon en español y de Tusquets en general?
u retarded m8?
Estoy leyendo V. de esa mismísima editorial. Me gusta, muchas notas de traductor. Pero claro, no tengo la edición original y la traducción mano a mano paa comparar.Sobre Pynchon, creo que es muy particular, pero si le lográs agarrar el gustito, es enviciante. Terminé GR hace poco y considero que valió la pena, si uno está dispuesto a aceptar cierto nivel de caos en lo que lee muchos cabos sueltos, cosas sin resolver, puntas que no continúan a fin de ganar en riqueza de prosa multitud de historias laterales, a veces simbolizadas con una única palabra o frase.
Eso no es un argumento, no es mi culpa que no puedas contextualizar una obra y tomes propaganda por contenido sincero.Acá tengo Tempestades de Acero de esa editorial y tiene un buen equilibrio de notas de autor. Aclara doble significados pero no tiene un diccionario de cada puta planta de la campiña francesa. El papel se siente un poco barato pero a mi me gusta eso, sobretodo si se traduce en un libro más barato que es el caso
La semana pasada terminé Ilión de Dan Simmons inbcuatro ficción actualmente estoy leyendo Crimen y Castigo, voy por la mitad.Luego leeré La Broma Infinita o algo de Borges.ese sentimiento cuando peruano y casi no leíste nada de autores peruanosMe conseguí una colección de 12 libros con títulos relevantes nacionales, ¿alguien de acá recomienda libros peruanos?Ah, y Tali de Mass Effect es mi waifu.
no es mi culpa que no puedas contextualizar una obralo mismo digo de vos
Quiero empezar a leer a Hegel. ¿Dónde empiezo?inb4 comienza con los griegos.
Hablando de libros caros, hace poco compré uno de Fondo de Cultura Económica. Una estafa prácticamente.¿Por qué lo dices?
Mario Bellatin es el mejor escritor en lengua castellana desde Cervantes
Leí una parte del Mason & Dixon de Tusquets y fue una maldita tristeza. Es una traducción floja y aburrida. Si la gente en el mundo hispano conoce a Pynchon así, nos vamos a perder de mucho. Tusquets en general son buenos, según yo. A Beckett, a Kundera y a otros los he leído y disfrutado con ellos.I know that feel, bro, excepto que soy mexicano y casi no he leído mexicanos en mi vida. Empecé Noticias del imperio de Fernando del Paso y hasta ahora ha sido algo decepcionante. Lo voy leyendo y siento que yo podría escribir exactamente lo que él está haciendo, y eso no es una buena señal, dado que tengo veinte años y soy un pésimo escritor. Lo terminaré, pero no promete.
yo compré mason&dixon en inglés, leí un poco del principio y no entendí una mierda
tienes que empezar con los egipcios para entender a los griegos apropiadamente.
Estoy en clase de espanol ahora. De donde esta un lugar por practica en internet?
Fernando del paso.empeza con el mas grande: Octavio Paz.
HILO LATINOILOLATINO
para llegar a paz tienes que empezar con garcilaso, góngora, sor juana, valéry, cuesta, villaurrutia y gorostiza
De onda, vayan a espaebook punto ceoeme para conseguir ebooks en espaniol. Hay mucha basura, pero tambien hay cosas buenas.
ebooksque vasallo.
El Fausto de Goethe, la primera parte todo bien, el primer acto de la segunda parte también, pero ahora llegué al acto 2 y es un desfile de un sinfín de figuras de la mitología griega, me siento perdido casi por completo. Las notas del traductor solo explican un par de alusiones entre Tales y Anaxágoras con la revolución Francesa y la monarquía, pero de resto no entiendo absolutamente nada más. A veces pienso que Goethe estaba buscando crear una nueva visión del mundo incorporando elementos de esas antiguas tradiciones con su época actual, pero siento que estoy errado, ¿alguien puede ayudarme?
Talvez lee algo corto y facil primero?Como siddharta y relatos similares. No pienses en tfwnoqtgf eso suele desconcentrarte, a veces olvidaras detalles menores pero eso es normal ya que hay autores que se pierden durante el desarrollo de su historia.Tranquilo, poco a poco se aprendesolo no leas a coelho
esc pobre
La ciudad y los perros talvez? No lo he leido pero un pata me dijo que es muy bueno, compatriota
El Quijote en la edición de Anaya. Realmente una edición muy buena con bastantes notas que ayudan bastante a leer el texto.
Por Kant
nema vrba koliko srba :^
Eu estudo português na universidade desculpe-me se há português interrompida e quero ler literatura portuguesa o brasiliera. Tenho interesse nas obras de Clarice Lispector mais não sei otros autores. Alguém pode dar-me recomendaçoes?
Pessoa, SaramagoPor lo que se hay literatura brasileña muy buena, pero no la conozco lo suficientemente bien como para recomendar
¿Es una adaptación? Últimamente se habla mucho de simplificar El Quijote para las nuevas generaciones.
¿En serio? ¿Por qué crees que se desvirtúa?A mi la historia de la infancia de Ronald me encantó y creo que explica muchas cosas sobre el mundo en el que vive, aunque el hecho de que haya también muchas incógnitas me resulta... refrescante. Personalmente creo que el final es un tanto flojucho y creo que Stephen King ya lo deja caer cuando hace ésa analogía entre los jóvenes prestando más atención a correrse que a disfrutar del sexo.
Anon diferente, pero... Ello sería un tremendo error.La RAE ya la cagó cuando decidieron bajar el nivel del castellano para adecuarlo a la ignorancia de los jóvenes de hoy en día, por ejemplo:psicología  sicología sólo/solo  cambiando la regla de acentuación¿Y ahora también modificamos El Quijote? ¿Qué coño es esto? ¿Un ataque organizado contra la cultura o es que ahora todos somos tontos?Me enveneno sólo de pensarlo.
Spain is different, ya sabes.
Oops, me expresé mal.. hasta el IV inclusive es muy bueno, es en el V que se desvirtúa!
He leído los "conocidos", ya sabes, incluso te hacen leer varios en el colegio/instituto/universidad, me refiero a títulos más "patricios".
Ese Macedonio Fernández me cae muy bien y su poesía es mi favorita. ¿Dónde encuentro todo de él?
Ni idea. Read it while it's fresh!
bienvenido al futuro, donde todo es light, facil, nada te hace danho.
España, que en sus tiempos era el esperpento de Europa, es ahora un esperpento de un mundo esperpéntico.
No, no lo es.Concretamente es esta edición: 
empeza con el mas grande: Octavio PazEl más grande maricón, querrás decir. Besaculos del PRI y su poesía es lo más cursi que he leído. En ensayo está bien.Pero el mejor es Emilio Pacheco.
Siempre he defendido que Españan es el origen y fundamento de toda nación bananera. Así que esto es sólo una consecuencia lógica del despliegue de lo que ella, propiamente, es.
Borges, sal de ahí atrás y vete a casa, estás borracho.
ese sentimiento cuando tu hermana lee YA fiction
métele un cachetadón con algunos de los ladrillos del canon paradiso, adán buenosayres o algo y ponla a leer a El Canon.
Most spaniards feel proud of their ignorance, I wish I was joking with this.But just watch spanish movies with english subtitles to start getting a uber basic vocabulary, and then lurk spanish threads on /int/ with a dictionary in hand. I did that and learned english in just a few years with relatively little effort.
Implicando.Julio Cortazar, listo.El tipo era un sorete y todos sus libros son el mismo haciendose el intelectual con su soreteria bajo otros nombres.
Eh, ahi algun torrent que sea simplemente un dump de literatura castellana? Me gusta tener una biblioteca grande para simplemente elegir un libro al azar cada tanto, pero eh leido demaciado en ingles estos años.
Mmm... Lima la gris? He escuchado que es buena. Tambien la poesia de cesar moro que suele pasar desapercibida por el hecho de que es vanguardista. Me temo que no conosco mucho sobre autores "patricios". Facil en la casa de la literatura hay gente que podria ayudarte con eso.
Tambien hay que agregar que mucha de la literatura latinoamericana es considerada "patricia" en otros paises. Definitivamente los mayores exponentes estan en la poesia.
Meh, simplemente no le des tanto valor a la RAE. Creen que tienen mucho poder cuando en realidad son un conjunto de mojones que ridiculizan con cada generacion el español, una de las pocas lenguas institusionalizadas que actualmente se ha vuelto una desfachates.Has visto que en la RAE existe cederroncd-rom y güisquiwhisky. Creo que eso es suficiente evidencia para demostrar que tipo de personas trabajan en la RAE
cabrera infante
Cualquier librería.
Pero economia
¿Ferias? Debe haber alguna calle en la ciudad mas grande cercana donde se consiguen libros usados. Son realmente un placer de recorrer para el bibliófilo...En .uy Tristán Narvaja, en la-Argentina Corrientes, en Porto Alegre Riachuelo...
Noup, nada por el estilo.La biblioteca de mi ciudad vende los libros que da de baja a tres pesos cada uno Mi biblioteca es 90% de ahi pero es lo mas cercano a algo asi que tengo.Aparte me es mas practico tener los libros en formato digital.
es mas practico tenerlos en digital, pero no leerlos.
Buen punto, pero uno de mis problemas es que no tengo mas espacio para libros hasta que pueda armar un nuevo librero, y la madera que corte para eso va a tardar un mes o dos en secarse.
bueno. Observo que se a perdido la buena costumbre de las bibliotecas.  Prestar libros es gratis. Y se encuentran joyas que no se ven en ningun lado. 
Es la nueva era de la teotecnologia, cuando todos dicen ser ateos pero aun asi le chupan la pija a Google, Guia de los Caminos, y Wikipedia, Dama del Saber.
librerías no haydebe cortar madera para hacer los muebles él mismo¿Dónde vives, anon? Me he acostumbrado demasiado a esta horrible vida citadina del siglo XXI.
prestar un librolibro perdido para siempreElegir sólo un número par de opciones
me refiero no a que vos los prestes, si no a pedirlos prestados.
Entendido ; De hecho coincido
Argentina, y tengo librerias, solo que son mas careras que la puta mierda.En realidad estoy haciendola con caña, te sorprenderias de lo resistente que puede ser esa cosa.
Ahora que salio esta nueva traducción de la Divina Comedia quisiera conseguirla mientras esta disponible. Aunque no se si estoy preparado para desembolsar arriba de 500 pesos como piden en muchos lugares....he leido demaciadola puta mierdaArgentinaOk, pero y tu país de origen?
Naci en Argentina, vivo en Argentina. Y si, mi ortografia es bastante mala.
un hilocosa-más fea caballero
No es por la ortografía, solo me parecieron expresiones un poco raras. "la puta mierda" y el uso de pasado perfecto me sonaban mexicano o español, no se.
eso es lo mismo que guadua? tu mismo la recogiste?
Escribo y hablo de manera rara, se. La de veces que psicologos me han preguntado si tengo la necesidad de llamar la atencion, no te haces una idea.GuaduaPrimera ves leyendo el nombre, pero las imagenes que encontre parecen ser algo diferentes, aunque se nota a primera vista que son de la misma familia.Y sep, de un cañal plantado por mi madre, cada una al menos el triple de gruesa que mi pulgar, y varias veces mas alta que yo.
y que se leen todos mas pretenciosos y maricones en español.es verdad
y ambas parecen bambu. Le aplicas inmunizante?Y como lo armas? no imagino que se puedan clavar.
cual es la mejor prosa en español?denme recomendaciones
Que lindo que haya otro hilo en Español de nuevo, esperemos que los eme-o-de no se ortiven y lo vuelen al carajo como de costumbre.Alguien tiene algo escrito que quiera que se lo critiquen? Siempre me pareció una de las cosas más interesantes en los hilos de discusión idiomática.Tuve que cortar con la lectura para agarrar libros de estudio ahora, pero tengo un par de Mujica Láinez y de Fernández para cuando termine.Lo último que leí fue el Libro de Buen Amor de Juan Ruiz, y me encantó, es algo que me fascina la literatura antigua.Cervantes sin duda alguna. No es que falten virtuosos del lenguaje en épocas más modernas, pero ese tipo viene dando cátedra hace quinientos años.
daniel sada
Perdon por tardar tanto, se me jodio internetComo todo sudamericano orgulloso de su herencia cultural: Hilo y alambre, haciendo agujeros con alambre caliente para no astillarla. Quizas cuando ya este seca la tueste, que es medio dificil porque tienen algo de alcohol y pueden quemarse si uno se pasa, pero endurece la madera, y los insectos no la comenUna de las cosas mas importantes cuando trabajas con caña es que no esta formado en aros como otras maderas, sino que en lineas verticales que soportan mas tension pero son mas delicadas a un golpe con una forma aguda, como clavos. Aun no termine de planearla, pero en si son dos cañas por pata y varias en diagonal, y goma Camaras de bicicleta idealmente para que no se astille en las puntas, aunque todos los cortes son antes o despues de nudos.
Qué piensa /lit/ de José Mauro De Vasconcelos?Tiene un nosequé con la naturaleza que me gusta bastante
Lamentablemente escribo cada ves mas en ingles y menos en castellano, mas que nada para alcanzar una mayor audiencia. Una cagada como esta la cultura literaria en hispanoamerica.Ese tipo, y una sola imagen que voy a recordar durante toda mi vida, fue lo que me enseño el significado de la melancolia. Hasta un nene sabe lo que es estar triste, pero la prolongacion de eso, la resignacion de la melancolia? Eso es mucho mas dificil de entender.Mi planta de naranja lima y El principito son los libros que les voy a leer a mis hijos, si alguna ves tengo.
hilo y alambreDebe haber lago mas bonito...en diagonalcomo formando una pared de fondo? o quieres decir en horizontal?Cuanto demoro en crecer el canhal?
Cuanto demoro en crecer el canhal?Lo planto mi madre hace unos quince años a eso, y las que corte les calculo... cinco, ocho años? Es dificil de calcular con caña. Pero sinceramente, planta en un espacio libre y no pises las raises de la primera caña cuando es joven, una ves que toman fuerza son esencialmente una plaga util. En parte de mi patio estan en un combate constante con madreselva, para darte una idea de lo resistentes que son.Debe haber lago mas bonito...Va a estar encajonado entre dos muebles, asi que el alambre no va a ser tan visible, pero me estoy concentrando en algo utilitario mas que nada.Igual, con alambre y caña se puede tener una cierta elegancia rustica.como formando una pared de fondo? o quieres decir en horizontal?Ambas, el diseño de cada nivel seria como la imagen desde el costado, con la caña al medio para que los libros no se caigan por ahi mas que nada.
Las Venas Abiertas de América Latina.Me esta costando trabajo. No he pasado de las 70 en más de dos semanas.
Aun siento la perdida de Gardeano, por dioh. Nunca pense que fuera a sentirme triste por una persona que no conocia.
No tengo donde plantar. Ya estaria yo feliz sembrando tomacos.
Generalmente el Fondo es muy barato, por lo menos en México, aunque todos los libros son para -15
El último que compré fue "El retrato de Zoé" de Salvador Elizondo. No lo he terminado, pero el cuento de la teoría del disfraz me gustó mucho. Me late ese tipo de cuentos que, más que historias, parecen ensayos.Aunque lo mío en sí es la ficción de corte macabro, y en español es dificilísimo encontrar algo que valga la pena. Leí unos libros de Bernardo Esquinca y no están malos pero le falta.Valdemar está traduciendo cosas interesantes Ligotti, Barron pero ya tengo esos libros en inglés.
muchachos a descargar todo lo que puedan, que pronto no podran:
Me gustaria, por una puta ves en mi vida, poder ir una semana sin encontrarme con otra noticia que consiste en "Che te cagaron de nuevo".Puta madre.
calma, argentina no esta en la lista.... aun.
Eso es tan reconfortante como estar en una isla rodeada de mierda, quiera o no el olor me da nauseas.
Recomendás algo en particular de el para empezar?Simplemente adhiero, me parece muy linda su manera de escribir. Tendría que probar de agarrar sus historias en vernáculo, hace mucho que no le doy uso al Portugués.Escribiendo en Inglés no ayudas a que mejore la situación... igual no creo que sea algo malo, pero simplemente es una pena teniendo en cuenta cuan bello es nuestro idioma.Y si en lugar de alambre usas soga de esparto? Bien hecho te va a quedar mucho más vistoso.
Escribiendo en inglesYa se, pero es que simplemente no tengo mucha audiencia en castellano. Tomemos por ejemplo sitios de literatura, en castellano tenemos deviantart y fanfiction.net, y no creo que tenga que explayarme sobre su "Calidad".Soga de espartoEsto es mas utilitario que otra cosa, el alambre puedo remplazarlo en dos segundos con una pinsa, mientras que sogas tengo que ponerme a desatarlas y despues preocuparme de que el nudo este lo suficientemente tenso.
¿Qué le pasa con los perros?
A quien yo he leído es a Clarice Lispector. Leí una novela genial de ella. Es sobre una mujer, escultora, quien, durante un día de inusitada soledad en su apartamento de un rascacielos de Río, se come una cucaracha. La pasión según G.H.
Ching chong bing bong donde esta la zapateria.
Nietzsche opposes resentment and endorses and attitude of profound gratitude, which he thinks is the exact opposite of Christian values. But aren't those actually precisely what Christian values are?
define Nietzche
Some are, but so are some atheists.
Is that a picture of young Butterfly?
But aren't those actually precisely what Christian values are?No. Christians are hostile puritans who have nothing but resentment for those that don't follow their doctrine.
We just want to keep you from going to Hell, dude.

Deleted my post due to typo, should've known you'd reply in the meantime. Oh well.All of the Abrahamic religions are heavily mired in resentment for those who don't follow their tenets. "Gratitude" is window dressing to them in comparison to their resentments.
HellSpeaking of fairy tales, this one takes the cake. How anyone anywhere can believe this is astounding.
No, Christianity is based on the passive-aggressive hell/heaven payoff.
Christianity is life-denying and passive, that's why Nietzsche opposes it.
No, seriously, I don't want people to go to Hell. For whatever reason, God decided that many maybe even most people should exist only to deny Him and be tortured eternally in the afterlife. Probably so that Christians can overcome the evil they bring into the world.
I'm pretty sure pagan religions involve punishment for those who defy the gods as well, dude.I'd also say atheism is more mired in resentment than Christianity is. Atheists outright complain about people thanking God, they're outright hostile toward gratitude for existence on the part of the Christian, then complain about how evil and oppressive God whom they claim doesn't exist is, and about how much money and power the Catholic Church has, which it has no right to have because it's a Church, not Bill Gates.
Read Max Scheler
I just got the jokeKill myself
I've never read Hegel. Explain the joke, though.
bagel rhymes with hegel
It doesn't.
it does too bad

Bagel, IPA: 'beJɡəl'Hegel, IPA: 'heːɡəl'Yeah, 'eJ' totes rhymes with 'heː'
everyone uses the same phonemes
nope too bad
Names are supposed to be pronounced the same in all languages, you damned American
the bagel is the sublated object par excellence. within the center of its circle is the seed of the negative waiting to be dialectically consumed in the act of eating.
bay-gullhay-gullsounds good to me
The joke is that Hegel, would he have ever been a bagel baker, would not have sold his product as a secondary item in someone else's store. The fact that it is Kafka's cafe makes the absurdism poignant and elevates the Kafka aspect of the joke further, while simultaneously illustrating that Hegel was a bitch.
i hope you're joking
The joke is that you guys watch The Simpsons past season 8.
Hegel thinks valid logic and history and lots of other weird shit moves according to a pattern of thesis, antithesis and synthesis which then becomes a new thesis for an antithesis. Wherever you start, if you keep doing this, you're supposed to end up with the realization that we're all God and physical reality is just different expressions of ourselves or something wacky romanticist insane like that.OP seems to think the joke is that the bagel is the thesis, the hole in the middle an antithesis and having eaten up the bagel the synthesis. I don't think that's the joke though. Wouldn't the synthesis be something like bagel and not-bagel at the same time?  is probably what the show writers intended.
The joke is that your simple mind works in the binary of 'pre' and 'post' season 8, considering everything post to be bad even though many of the episodes contained therein contain a mixture of good and shitty jokes, and intelligent people can differentiate from the good and bad jokes within the episodes
Intelligent people don't watch Simpsons.
I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING.THIS IS HOW I WILL DIE.IT WAS NICE KNOWINGYOU
*after season 9
Thesis + anti-thesis = progress towards a synthesis which will eventually encounter even more anti-theses ad nausium
Intelligent people watch Simpsons just for the mathematical jokes
Pic related.Also
Its anglicanized. Its like how we say Kam'us instead of Ka'moo
you will never visit Stirners milk bar
thesis, antithesis and synthesisKill yourself.
Pronouncing the [s]Jesus Christ how horrifying. I'm an American and if you do this where I'm from you get laughed at.
???
Simultaneously as its being is consumed, the bagel reveals that the nothing at its center was as much its essence as the something which provided the structure of its substance :
If you talk about Camus where I'm from you get laughed at
Its a somewhat common last name here and they pronounce it with the s
No intelligent English-speaker does that.
speak with their own accent?
If you ever actually read Hegel you'd know that those terms have nothing to do with him.
"Hyuck hyuck hyuck, ain't that right Billy-Bob"
LMAO BAGELS
Did anyone said bagel?
pretending you can correctly pronounce the phonemes of a language you didn't grow up withGet a load of this pretentious asshole, folks.
not having the balls to at least try to pronounce things correctlyAmerifats in action
they rhyme:hegel like heg-gullbagel beg-gull
Camus where I'm from you get laughed atwhere I'm fromdaily reminder you post on 4chin
Mispronounce French names and claim it's acceptable. Intelligent English speakers who don't speak French admit the fact and move on.
aghbeght caghmu
Many people can, it isn't difficult. Also, I did grow up with German.
mfw an american prounounces Quxiote as Kwik-sote
I've never heard that
What's your point? I'm not in some backwater shithole filled with mongoloids that can't into silent consonants.
yeah they are applied retroactively but they describe his thought well.
my gamertag contains 'Quixote' literally every america fucks it up
that's actually more of a British thing. Most Americans are at least vaguely familiar with spanish pronunciations
my gamertag contains 'Quixote'you sound like a massive faggot tbh
Qui-hoe-tay
If the hole in the bagel is part of the bagel, then the rest of the world is part of the bagel
only if it's a 3d bagel
FrenchIts Français plep
actually reading Hegeloh my god get a load of this cuck
Bagels are closed?
I don't read books! I don't! Freedom!
If only they had the same knowledge in English
It's cyclical you idiots, both in shape and nature.You have a bagel, the bagel is composed from its elements, and is decomposed to its elements.The process repeats with a new bagel, composed from the same elements and decomposed into the same elements as the cycle repeats.In short, they're so good you want to eat them forever.A bagel was chosen because it is more phonetically pleasing in conjunction to 'Hegel'
How do I write a manifesto, /lit/? I want to put down my core philosophies in life into a novella containing multiple essays which I assume is a manifesto by definition. What do?
Just start writing, don't worry about it being disorganized, just put down your thoughts and let it flow. Stop when you get to page 4000 or so, then post it online talking about how you're doing to do a shooting spree in a school or mall. After your attempt at playing the angel of death doesn't matter how it finally ends, your ideas will be read by millions.
Ruh-roh...Are we looking at the next My Twisted World here?
So, /lit/ what authors came from this board, or authors that regularly browse could be a for sure or someone you wouldn't be surprised if they browsed?pic unrelated
Towelin
No legitimate author browsed /lit/ before becoming a famous author, and  is the only one who ever visited /lit/ after becoming one
Candide was greatZadig really was not greatWhat Voltaire can I read that's closer to the former than the latter?Pic related
Candidegoodwrong
CandidegoodwrongWrong
Why are you spreading lies?
Why won't you stop pretending that you aren't Leibniz irl?
Can't you just try to defend your false statements instead of using pathetic ad homines "arguments"?
Taste is subjective, don't worry about it Anon
It's not

Candide is funny
 ad homines
Prove it
I personally like it. It was bold at the time. Can you explain why its objectively poor art?
different anon but where is the talent? where is the skill?
If you think the point of that is that it is a "subjectively" beautiful object then you know fuck all about Duchamp and shouldn't be using this image as an example in any context.
Comedy is hard. Coming up with jokes about philosophy is hard, it's why this board is so unfunny
It's notCan't you just try to defend your false statements
This board is filled with leftist losers who take themselves too seriously
TrueEveryone on this board acts like they're L’Étranger constantly having some deep existential trauma and being 2cool4school
nice pepe
Spooks.
can't believe no one else has said this bit Voltaire's Philosophical Dictionary is great.Its free on amazon eBooks, hilariously anti-semitic, arrogant but beautifully written, diverse in structure, obnoxiously opinionated and yet surprisingly insightful, and above all else irreverent, which is the best thing about Voltaireeasy book to pick up and enjoy
Thanks m8
Move on to superior Swift
Micromegas
, 
what is his appeal?
he speaks the truth
Nothing, he's a meme author
That first person perspective.
/lit/ and /phil/ pepes thread?

just go to the archive and read through some of the old wolfe threadsdid you make that? i've seen it posted here twice, both times with the same file name, and i can't imagine you as the creator, saying wolfe is only a meme, when you've read enough of him to dig up the autarch's potential name from a lesser short story collection.

Obviously 2deep4u
He's the Nabokov of science fiction.
he's a meme authorimplying that's a bad thing
those angelskek
Top tier prose combined with profound depth.
Excellent post.Excellent dubs.9/9 would read again.
that's really not a good example of his writing to convince people of his ability
u wot.
there are too many people here who've only read the book of the new sun and it shows.the entire work, especially the first chapter, is written in a deliberately pulpy style - both to acknowledge the influence of previous works on wolfe's own, and to make light of those same works via the hapless pretension severian exhibits with his florid prose and inane philosophical digressions. the plebs who write wolfe off as just another genre writer won't recognize that and they'll instead just view him as shit over that chapter and the rather ridiculous images at the header of the picture.instead, you should post the beginning of the fifth head of cerberus which is a callback to proust, or the first paragraph of the island of doctor death and other stories, or the quote from the fifth chapter of the sword of the lictor where severian muses on what would happen if the conciliator himself were to appear, or the final paragraph of his epiphany on the beach, or the part where latro embraces seven lions after being separated from him when he realizes that though his mind does not recognize the black man, his heart does. really, anything is better than posting the first chapter of the shadow of the torturer. anything is better than posting the same two covers of the first and final volumes, with the same file names, with the same tired reactions to anyone daring to profane your pet author.
I appreciate your thoughtful response but surely you acknowledge that this is simply your opinion. Personally, I enjoyed the opening chapter.
i don't care if it's just my opinion, because posting that image produces more negative reactions than it does positive ones, when it gets responses at all. it might as well be a form of subversive shitposting, especially when coupled with responses like 'u wot' and 'that's like just your opinion man'.knowledge of the entire book is needed to understand the relevance of the title alone, not to mention the significance of so many other things present within the entire chapter.it's just a bad way to show people the talent of gene wolfe because it is both too subtle and too opaque.
this is one of my favourites
Forgive me your eminence.
Does anybody here try to improve themselves as readers instead of just shaping their reading habits to fit what is ''comfortable''? What methods and tools do you use?
It really depends on what kind of reader you want to be.Generally speaking you want to challenge yourself by reading diverse works while also improving your focus and understanding by re-reading.So I'd say: 1 Make sure to read regularly2 Find a place and way of reading that suits you "comfy way"3 Find places and ways of reading that suit you less "uncomfy way"4 Read anything you come by until you've established some favorites books/authors/eras/movements5 Consistently read books from others genres/eras/movements/countries/languages for instance you could try to read a book a week for three months, while changing the value of those five parameters ever time6 Consistently re-read your favorites until you find it to be unrewarding anymore7 Read "new books" should be done in comfy way, re-reading should be done in uncomfy way from time to time.8 Acquire new favorites and comfy ways in the process9 Carry on
I'm not sure it works so well with most lit of the last two centuries; with some it does, with some it doesn't. But if I'm reading an older work, I take seriously how much of an effort it was to put the thing together and to craft it carefully, and I take on as assumptions that:1 The author has complete control of the *form* they choose to write in whether treatise, dialogue, poem, third person narrative, first person narrative, etc., and2 That they have complete control over the contents of the work they're writing.Now, neither of these may be technically true, in the strictest way of speaking, but if I take these on as assumptions, then I also am putting myself in a position to perhaps learn something from the author at hand.From there, I simply try to read slowly, paying attention to any details relevant to the narrative voice for example, the narrator in Brothers Karamazov is supposed to be someone in the town, not Dostoevsky; I have to develop questions about certain passages to determine if he has a prejudice, or if he himself doesn't seem to understand something he said. An instance might be very early in the book when discussing the death of Fyodor's second wife, and he notes the seemingly contradictory ways in which people encountered Fyodor afterwards, either weeping or being merry upon hearing of her death. He takes it as evidence that the soul of man is simple, when the evidence itself points to man's soul being complex!.I try to keep an eye out for contradictory accounts, or accounts that might be in tension so if an event is described by the same person in two slightly different ways, I try to develop some account of the difference, if it seems significant.Etc. etc. I figure most of this is probably pretty basic to most forms of close reading though. I just tend not to see many readers around me doing it.
I am definitely trying to improve myself as a reader. Greater frequency, diversity in what I read, etc. I want to be more studious in general so as to improve my writing. And myself, hopefully.
Textual marginalia, though usually minimal and only to point out parts of text that would benefit my explication. Writing about what I read. Realizing that my interpretation of the text is almost limitless. This is particularly fun for texts that have already been explored ad nausea. Try to come up with strange readings of Nicomachean Ethics, or Shakespeare, or Kafka.
So I picked up The Road a couple days ago, and I've really been enjoying it. What does /lit/ think of it?
/lit/ thinks - finish the fucking book before wanting people to spoonfeed you opinions and ideasyou don't need us to hold your hand, it's not a difficult book
what this guy said. i also liked the book.
Go back to reddit or just read blood meridian instead
I'm reading it currently as wellThe lack of quotations can be annoying, but the relationship between the son and the father makes me feel a love for the two.
I love it.
I feel so tense whenever the father talks about killing himself or the boy...I'm with you on the quotes. I think McCarthy does a pretty good job letting you know when they're talking though, so it's not too bad.
And they they did this and then there was a mountain and he loved his son and it was scary and lots of ash-Cormac "Prose king" McCarthy
implying that style isn't the height of prose
A few people on /lit/ have some issues with McCarthy, most of it stemming from his popularity, there are a lot of great authors around today who are on par with McCarthy who get none of the same attention or praise. That irks some people.The Road is a great book, especially as an entry point for people who normally wouldn't read something as stylistic as McCarthy. I have a few friends who aren't super well-read, and I've found that the Road is a great book to get somebody like that interested in other less accessible works. The book itself is well-written and worth a read. I enjoyed it.
I'm depressed as shit. Are there books you've read that just completely turned your life around? I'm looking for a novel, a philosophical journey, maybe even some thrills and badassery.
Summer is here.
Semi-newfag here. W-what does that mean anon?
i know i'll get picked on for this but pic related. not exactly thrilling, but it did turn my life around. made me less of a cynical mopey cunt and i started to enjoy interacting with people. exactly what i needed at that point in my life
tfw winter where you are
Same actually lol. Just figure of speech.
The Strangergets more depressed
Red Book by C.G. Jung is what you're looking for.Also this 
fuck that wallow in pitty. The Stranger Jude the Obscure Notes From the Underground
During summer lots of underage kids and casuals who suddenly have more free time come onto /lit/ and as a result there are a lot more memes and generally retarded posts.
Brothers Karamazov
Books about our inability to maintain lasting connections to our fellows. What's her name?
REI IS BAE
Almost all fiction being written and published by people born in 1989
ourRight, everyone's a loser, just like you, right?
I've dated over 30 women and haven't formed a lasting relationship with a single one :
Not really seeing anything here that dispels the belief you're a loser...
Augustine's Confessions. The only connection that lasts is your connection to Christ.
Elvira
almost all fictionFTFY
To the LighthouseProximate in the paths tread by thought but distant in the points between which those thoughts stretch themselves.
Where do you draw the line between genre fiction and literature?If you think PKD is literature you can fuck right off.
No one cares tripshit
It's an important question, shitlord
If it's aesthetically or historically important in some way, the work can cross over the boundary. I guess The Odyssey would be considered fantasy, and 1984 is usually mentioned as influential among the sci-fi crowd, but they're both not in that section of the book store for an obvious reason.
I'm not a very good drawer.
Genre fiction explores the clichesLiterature uses the cliches to explore something more
Doesn't literature explore cliches?
Genre fiction has bad prose and a silly setting.
“Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity”
i don't"literary fiction" is comprised of genres, what i distinguish is "good fiction" from "bad fiction" and "smart fiction" from "dumb fiction", much more honest and frank
You being too stupid to understand that something being literature means fuck nothing isn't important.Go fuck off.
Most all? literature can be fit into some genre or another.
I understand it, I'm asking others to tell me where they draw the line. Don't be pedantic.
If absurdist lunatics like Pynchon get to be considered literature, then PKD does too.
Pynchon and the novel form ruined literature.
Literary fiction argues, genre fiction entertains.
PKD suckshe's just another meme author that /lit/ has latched onto in an attempt to seem like they can appreciate all forms of literature
pynchon isn't literature
He doesn't like "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?"Nigga you dumb.
Literature is some subgroup of written material, excluding things practical in the way shopping lists or tax invoices are. More narrowly, it refers to writing which displays a particularly heightened or figurative use of language.Genre fiction is the collection of categories used by publishers and booksellers used to sort books for marketing purposes. All genre fiction is literature in the broad sense, while literature in the narrow sense is often used in opposition to genre fiction. The distinction is necessarily fuzzy.
I wonder OP, which books by PKD have you read?
no, i don'tit's shit
The main difference is that "genre fiction" explicitly tells a story for the story's sake. Everything else acts as a component meant to enrich the plot.In "literary fiction" the plot itself is a vehicle to evoke a mood, send a message, or achieve some other sort of artistic goal. Everything other than the goals, including the plot, is a means to an end rather than "the point".You can pigeonhole anything into a genre if you try hard enough but the idea of genre fiction isn't that it fits into a genre so much as the fact telling a story within whatever genre is the first and foremost goal of it.
, 
Sup /lit/, I keep hearing that I should read these series of novels if I like fantasy, but I'm a poor fag and I'm not sure if I should start a new addiction.
Not bad. The way it starts off isn't what you'd expect from the genre. Books are regrouped in 3? self-contained arcs. Pretty gloomy. Standard writing. Influenced some fantasy writers from the current fantasy-bloated generation, for good or ill.
First three books are outstanding, especially the first, great dark fantasy that has a lot of ominous understatement. I stopped reading at book 7. I'd say it's entertaining before setting becomes pseudo-India.Also buy e-reader you fucking idiot.
Also buy e-reader you fucking idiotOr, y'know, just go to the library
they're shitthe plot of the first three is scattered all over the place, there's too many bland characters, the story itself is generic and uninspired, the writing is about as entertaining as a wet noodle.
Not a fan of reading novels in e-book format. The county library is probably one of the worst I've ever been to. Their selection is very limited, they dont even have The Man in the High Castle in book format.
They're quite good, and all the arcs are collected into single volumes for your poorfag benefit.
It's a decent series.The narrator's style is annoyingly dispassionate and understated, though, especially given all the weird and/or brutal stuff that happens over the series.
Read first three and stop.
Its starts out excellent, though the series drops off slightly until they get to not India and then it drops like a rock.The new POVs toward the end are pretty atrocious, I dropped the last book after a couple pages.
Complete garbage. I left the first around 200 pages in and regret every word. I could read entire books in that time.Don't listen to these people if you know what's good for you.
Liked the first book but dropped the second one half-way.
What do I need to know to really understand this book? I'm not American so assume I have no prior knowledge.
Just go for it :
You need to know how to use wikipedia.
Can you read older forms of English? You'll need to be able to understand at least a bit of colonial american english tbh
JUST DO IT
Have you read any books that have given you feels?Could you recommend any books that give feels?I remember getting feels when I read 451 Fahrenheit I will also recommend it if you haven't read it yet
Although I haven't read it I heard the most fearliest book in the world is "The Obscure Jude". Your probably in a bad spot right now if you want a reals book so I hope you feel better op.pic completely unrelated
Fucking autocorrect made me say "reals" instead of "feels". How the fuck do I stop autocorrect!
Howdy,Do you know any good novel set in pre-civilization times? Science fiction elements very welocme.
The Clan of the Cave Bear and the accompanying sequelstfw I fapped to the rape scene
Thanks, pal!I didn't stated that before but fat material is also of some value
statefap
Is this the book I was thinking of? Might be. I read the beginning of a book in which some women invents horse riding, iirc. It's supposed to be Mesolithic.
I, too, am attracted to chubby women
any good nonfiction about the neolithic era?
Archeology text books?
shit there was some Isaac Singer story about some Jew who ends up in some nonchristian pagan tribe where there are still people who are worried about whether or not farming is moral and they do things like sacrifice virgins to the gods and whatnotcan't remember, help me out /lit/?
THE INHERITORSShaman: A Novel of the Ice AgeMY NEXT BOOK ALSO, check it out in about 5 years
H.G. Wells wrote a bunch of exploratory books about prehistory and stuff like that He was a weird dude
Recommend me some anti-work books, please.
anti workthe only non degenerate way to be anti work is to be part of the aristocracy
bob black- the abolition of work is all i'm really familiar with, but this subject interests me greatly
Get money. Grow up in a town called Hope.
Son in law of Karl Marx.
NET life  NEET Lifebeen in university for 9 years allready, mounting up hundreds of thousands of dollars in deptwill simply commit suicide when bank starts demanding I give any of it back
Isn't Walden anti-work? Not as in anti-activity, but anti debt ridden wageslavery, decadence and conformity.
But the NEET life is pretty much without mandatory activity and Grecian obligations. Who prefer the NET life?
why not leave the country
Where did this meme of NEETs doing anything productive come up? This is just bait, right?
Actually "I can't bear the thought of NEETs doing something so I will vehemently deny it" is a fairly recent wageslave meme.
Ok, I already got the gist of the bait, you can come clean. There's no way a rational being believes in this trite.
the NEET has all their time for themselves, so its productiveness that betters them rather then betters your company.
How is it irrational to think that people who have time on their hands can spend that time in an agreeable way?Look at the Greeks.
That would be true if any NEET actually did something with objective value. Except, that is, nobody does. And the occasional 1% that actually uses time productively would still do so while sustaining themselves outside society's nanny arms. It's baffling to have to explain this.But I guess I got rused, anyway.
objective value
animeOk I got everything, that was all.
living the NEET lifegf has to be the wageslavehahaha. Life is good /lit/
waah i don't like mediumthinks there are objective valuesbeing this retarded
but you don't get to enjoy u'r gf because she's angry and tired from work :
I can't wait until she dumps you for someone who can take her out, and then you kill yourself. And then that's one less lazy cunt in the world.
The intriguing part is that NEETs who spout this wageslave meme are in other threads in this board simultaneously talking about their dreams of being a writer. They do that without any meaningful life experience which renders their writing soulless, disconnected and delusional.Fuck me, it really makes you take things you read here with a grain of salt.
The intriguing part is that NEETs who spout this wageslave meme are in other threads in this board simultaneously talking about their dreams of being a writer.You know this on an anonymous board, how?
all this wageslave butthurt
I can infer it with a good margin of certainty, since this is not the most popular area of this Finno-Ugric birdgazing sanhedrin.
I suspect that the people that proclaim themselves anti-work certainly have an aversion to work as the result of their upper middle-class upbringing wherein they never had to get a job.
You know that debt doesn't disappear when you kill yourself? It's most likely going to go to your parents.
No better way to start my morning than with a cup of hot wageslave tears.
Where the fuck do you live?
href="#p6638494" class="quotelink"depends on cosigners and stuff but probably not true
Why is the NEET naked at the soup kitchen?
yes, the only way you could get life experience is by working 40 hours a week
Chechnya.
once again TLP remains relevant
That I don't know, but I definetely know you cannot get life experience by playing vidya, watching anime and getting fat in a room somewhere. NEETs think they're the well-cultured anonymous who are dedicating time to higher pursuits: only they're not.
REMOVE CHECHEN EMOVECHECHEN
being a wage slavebeing a NEET with only pennies to live out his hidden existenceclearly the only sensible option for honorable but common men is to procure funds via criminal activity
How about being born rich and get richer still by investing.
It's one way and is correct. Sitting around doing fuck all means you only interact with people your own and will start lagging in late brain development. Working and meeting new people all the time, having to deal with people on a serious basis that are from a variety of ages, cultures, etc expands your brain creating vast numbers of new connections assisting your brain in finding dead end dendrites to prune off in your twenties as the more recent additions will start to mark the older "dumb" endings those created as a teenager when the amgdyla controls you logic, reason and empathy as ready for deletion. Amazing shit your brain, worth looking into when you are young enough to actually make a big impact on its effectiveness later in life.
i agree that there are some sexless delusional sperglords on 4chan trying to justify their miserable existence with this neet shit, but there are also neets with fulfilling social lives who don't spend all day inside and who do actually work on bettering themselves
that's why I said common menrichfags have it easy
Not Anti-work per say, but 'the Hacker Ethic' by Pekka Himanen is a pretty good remedy to the Protestant work ethic which is becoming increasingly irrelevant in a post-Fordist society.
What experience do you have? Arguing with your mother so you can use her debit card to buy more steam games, faggot?
haha i'm not a neet
Shouldn't the answer be that things are smoother now. If you put more hours in writing, organizing, cleaning and designing, you get better text, saver procedures, cleaner stuff and better to use things. As long as there is left space for improvement of products, 40h weeks won't reduce to 15h weeks because of technology.
Seriously, this thread is hilarious but also a good indication of why this entire site is no longer any fun.
Shut the fuck up
It's true. Too bad there is technically no artistocracy, nor actually a middle class anymore. We are all degenerates here.And why? Laziness. Yes, laziness created this new ecosystem where everyone is neither a NEET nor a wageslave but just plain poor.The Founding Fathers were right all along. Freedom is for the enlightened. The stupid cannot handle it. They just waste themselves with it.
I find it very hard to convince myself that 25 hours/week for every working person worldwide were necessary to create sleeker looking iPhones and laptops that freeze slightly less, but if it helps you sleep at night, sure!
I don't know what it has to do with me sleeping well.I'm actually a physics PhD and I'm always in working mode. If I were on the team to develop touchscreen technology, I'd accept the 40h payment or the 25h one. In the second case, I'd come up with the same thing, but I'd probably do more private physics theory in my spare time and finish more slowly.
objective valueuses time productivelysustaining themselvesmuh nanny state*shrugs globe*
Why is it that people who work are so bitter about it yet still try to claim superiority over NEETs? If working life was so good, you wouldn't need to resort to ad hominems so quickly.I say this as someone who recently got a job and hope the rumours about the company going bankrupt are true because spending my days reading, going the gym, watching movies and learning languages was much more enjoyable and productive on a personal level than spending the lion's share of the day sitting in front of a computer and planning the local transport networks of a major logistics firm while listening to my coworkers gossip about working for this major logistics firm because they literally have nothing else in their lives.
Why do you feel the need to create this all encompassing straw man? Is the notion of people who don't work and live meaningful enjoyable lives that scary to you?
Well, you're trying to come up with an excuse for the current working week that doesn't arrive at the conclusions the Strike Mag article does.And if you think your working conditions are similar to most of ours, you're crazy.put The Last Psychiatrist in the reactionary overwritten blog garbage along with Slate Star Codex and Mencius Moldbug, imo
why are wagies so spooked?
have you at least read the article
I play poker a few hours a day and I only leave my flat to get food, I spend all my freetime on whatever I want, wageslaves are envious as fuck.
I'll greentext his valid points, that'll show himThat notion does nothing for me, because it's a fantasy; it doesn't exist. The idea of a wizarding school in Scotland makes more sense in Harold Bloom's mind than a productive, meaningful existence as a NEET does in the real world.
People who spend half of their waking life in exertion to support themselves are more likely to use their free time productively than those who don't work at allthis is because people who aren't forced to work spend their time doing drugs, watching television, browsing the internet and wasting their timelack of work ethic and adherence to orderly schedule which has not gone undeveloped, but simply allowed to atrophy since leaving education more than offsets the physical/mental drain of eight hours of exhausting workFor a group of people who get so indignant at the idea that they might not be one of the minority of exceptions to the fact that most people don't enjoy their work, they sure do make a lot of assumptions. And yet whenever there's a thread to the tune of, "how many books do you read per year?", they defensively accuse anyone who reads more than even fifty books a year which works out to between one and two hours a day of having no life, or of neglecting other, more important aspects of their lives. So much for making efficient productive use of your lesser amounts of free time!
guy debord's stuff is good.
I'll greentext his valid points, that'll show him"Objective value" is just a deluded way of saying "my strong opinion". "Using time productively" is a deluded way of saying "using time in a manner that I like". "Sustaining oneself" is just a deluded notion of independence since wageslaves are as much a cog in the machine as welfare recipients are, they just exert themselves more.
please, pay for me to livethey doha! neets are the best.
Until now I could pretty much avoid work that I don't like and if there was stress at work, it was because of interpersonal relations.
Why do retards pretend to be NEET on this site when, in fact, they're home for summer from their 1st year at Uni?
Well there is a reason why they are NEET
What are your NEET credentials?
watch animeOk, it was a good run, but I'm now in favor of ending the entire social safety net. Die, weeb scum.
being in favour of lumpenproles turning into rebelsAre you an accelerationist leftist or someone with a very poor sense of self-preservation?
I am NEET in my soul
That's awesome, I hope in the future the same is true for the rest of us.The Last Psychiatrist article? Yes, I did.
 They do that without any meaningful life experience which renders their writing soulless, disconnected and delusional.implying this will not be the most important thing in the new art movement in the 21st centuryishiggiddy
They do that without any meaningful life experience which renders their writing soulless, disconnected and delusionalIs what you are saying that work is the only kind of life experience? You realize being a NEET doesn't mean never leaving your house right? Are you also just assuming that because a person is a NEET now they were always one?
This. Tao Lin is the spokesperson of our time.
He needs to tell himself everyone who doesn't work lives a horrible life in order to justify his own drudgery as the only sensible option.
The only anti-work books i've read have been Bertrand Russell's "In praise of Idleness" and lots of pamphlets/zines by Alfredo Bonanno. Would definitely recommend Bonanno's "Armed Joy" or "From Riot to Insurrection: Analysis for an anarchist perspective against post industrial capitalism"
I'll be a NEET in the future anyways.
insuresalsohas unlimited time and infinite potentialmakes shitty charts and comics in ms paint
insuring NEETs can't afford insurance.
Oh, you guys must think you are being funny.
not living in the first world
This entire anti-work meme must be a horrible joke right?
read the literature you dummy
no, reading is for fagsjust like not working
honoured tradition, m8.
But how will they eat without money?
Yeah, I hope it's true for me too.I was in the arguably nice position that I'm a physicist doing a PhD under a Russian female middle aged obnoxious Chemist who nobody at work really likes and I fought with her and won, gaining a lot of freedom.
reading is for fagsI bet you have a rich library then.#burn #told #knightsofthetoldrepublic
Social assistance and food stamps
In our country social assistance is only paid if you actively seek for job.
Like in Germany, say. Is this different somewhere?It's not like putting 15 minutes into slowly writing a cover letter to a firm a day is not worth the cash.
Which country would that be?
but how will you survive without capitalist consumption?Letting people starve is against the faux-morality of Western society. What country are you in? I want to know how it stacks up in total homeless population/theft rates to others.
And you probably think that's like patronage, right? No, it's parasitism.NEETs are parasites.A NEET is not advancing himself intelectually, he's sitting, playing, eating, shitting and other innocuous bullshit.A NEET is not the classy guy drinking coffee and discussing high art, he's the meme-spouter and the agoraphobe.A NEET has no life to speak of, because his interactions with the world outside his head are only on Call of Duty or sperging to his parents.A NEET is not the ideal of /lit/, he's a cross between /pol/ and /r9k/.All of these are true generalizations.
André Gorz
That's what I thought at first but some people believe it. Shows the depths of shit we have reached.
ChechnyaThe last place on earth where modems are still measured in Baud.
Parasites on what, anon?A system that benefits from the exploitation of others less fortunate than yourself?all NEETs are one terrible hivemind while those with jobs working minimum wage at Burger King or attending a community college are unique and enlightened individualsHonestly, you might have well just posted an obese man tipping his fedora and saved your time typing that all out.
In no way people who are not NEETs are necessarily self-aware and improving. What is being memed in the thread is that anti-work thinking is in any way validated with this delusion of intellectual pursuit. That isn't true.Still, if it was a victimless kind of delusion, it could pass, but no, it actually has consequences towards society, economics and civilizational decline.
Then make yourself unhireable. Either you never get hired or they finally offer you a job so stupid it's no effort at all.
That job seems really nice.
it actually has consequences towards society, economics and civilizational decline.You must be American if you think work is actually advancing any of those things instead of declining.
NEET just means you're not a student and don't have a job, spooklord.
In November 2007 some two kilometers 1.2 miles beneath the sea at the Perdido project in the Gulf of Mexico, the camera on an underwater, remotely-operated robot captured a glimpse of a big-fin squid for the first time. “It looked like one of the aliens from the movie Independence Day,” said Shell Senior Operations Coordinator Patrick Desrouleaux when he first saw the images. “The creature did not seem spooked or alarmed in any way.”
If not working is so bad then why do all wage slaves crave retirement their whole lives?
In no way people who are not NEETs are necessarily self-aware and improvingNo, not everybody who is given more free hours chooses to use it to better themselves. Some people watch anime while others read. That isn't to say you can make swooping generalizations about how all NEETs function. anti-work thinking is in any way validated with this delusion of intellectual pursuitI'm not sure validation is the right concept here. A NEETs learning experience is no more effective or genuine than that of a worker or student, but he has more time to hone his craft for his own good if he chooses to.it actually has consequences towards society, economics and civilizational decline.Those supporting the previously mentioned system of exploitation are running it into the ground if anybody is.
It's not 1376 anymore, Gramps.We have "machines" and "robots". They are supposed to work, not humans.If the political will would be strong enough, no one would have to endure hunger or work more than 20 hours a week.
That's the game, you have to look for work hard enough to look like you're trying but not hard enough to get a job.It's a tightrope, Spud, it's a fucking tightrope.
all the time looking for the true egoist and he was under the sea all along
You assume that watching anime is bettering oneself, and it's completely baffling. I can only assume you're a postmodernist to think something like that. You also assume people who are NEETs are honing their crafts in any way, when all evidence points to the contrary. With the rise of this lifestyle, we should see renewed cultural production if that was true, and in a place like Japan where the prevalence is higher what we see is fantasy-building, isolation and complete social alienation.There's no advancement. There is nothing productive to the arts, crafts or science being produced out of the masses of NEETs. They are dead weight and anything else is a pretty lie.
It's ironic since you're showing a complete lack of intellectual advancement while straw-manning us. Good job dunce. You have no way of knowing any of the shit you accused of us.
the obsession with working is one case where the idea of a 'spook' is truly valuable
Still, if it was a victimless kind of delusion, it could pass, but no, it actually has consequences towards society, economics and civilizational decline.Full employment is literally impossible in contemporary society and is only becoming less and less viable. NEETs are not to blame for this. You should be happy a portion of the unemployed like their faith. An unsatisfied unemployed person is a greater burden to society than a satisfied one.
There is nothing productive to the arts, crafts or science being produced out of the masses of NEETs.that's because if you produce something good you can usually use it to get money, technically not being neet anymoreyour reading comprehension is terrible by the way
thats me but im always here :
You seem to think NEETs are a phenomenon created by people being lazy and entitled when its actually caused by the current point of capitalism. It doesn't matter if you think they are doing nothing productive or worthwhile. The fact is the vast majority of humanity is doing nothing productive or worthwhile. The phenomenon is also new, many cultural things will be created from it, and some already have. There are novels, art, etc, created by NEETs. You just seem to have a bias and aversion which makes you think irrationally on the subject.
You assume that watching anime is bettering oneself, and it's completely baffling.No I don't, that was meant to contrast bettering yourself by reading. With the rise of this lifestyle ... fantasy-building, isolation and complete social alienation.While Japan is a poor example, they are outputting more art than they were even a decade ago. When they're not producing art you complain that it's an effect of their culture. When they are producing art, you whine about unhealthy social standards being the focal point of their art. Did you ever think that while the art is undoubtedly changed by the unhealthy cultural view of NEETs, it is no more or less valuable than that created under a different suffering society? The same could be said for Western society and the need to create a market around your media.arts, crafts or science being produced out of the masses of NEETsnobody without money has ever made a living through their artread that over a few times
shut up, I'm right and you're a worthless loser
If most of humanity isn't producing anything, wouldn't the ones with the most time on their hands be producing much more? Isn't that the heart of the argument? And yet, we can empirically assert that it is not the case. In fact, they are draining even more resources from the ones who are the real producers of knowledge. Delusion and empty rhetoric.
Suicide is for the weak of will and spirit.
try harder
implying you can drain knowledge
this fucking guy
don't fucking reply to me, scumyou are not worth the shit on the my bootsI didn't even read your post, it was insured to be complete shitdie
Not that Anon but you're missing the point entirely. Most of humanity produces nothing, the difference is some repeat the same task for 40~ hours per week while others don't.
why so mad, maybe it's because people still don't respect you even if you work? :^

This. A lot of jobs these days exist to keep people occupied rather than produce anything of value. The idea that someone doing a thing that can be done by a vending machine is somehow a better person than someone who just sits around on his own accord is pretty silly.
the ones with the most time on their hands be producing much more?Why does having time on your hands make it so you have to produce more? It doesn't matter if they produce less, the same, or more. Some produce more, some produce less. But the majority of mankind also produces very little.they are draining even more resourcesWhat resources? You realize there is more good food in the back dumpsters of a supermarket than there is in a town in the third world? Most NEETs don't even consume that many resources, and the stereotypical ones you talk about don't even go to the doctor or have a gf so that's significantly less resource than en employed non-producer uses.You the one with empty rhetoric.real producers of knowledgeare a tiny proportion of mankind and NEETs don't and won't affect them at all.
mfw automatisation will continue to increase and all these NEET hating wageslaves will have no choice but to become NEET themselvesmfw NEETs are merely early adapters to the inevitable standard mode of living of an efficient societymfw being a functional member of society will soon be determined by how proficient one is at living a pleasant life without ulterior motivesmfw people who have based their self-esteem on being a good worker will have no self-esteem leftmfw wagies will drive themselves crazy and become depressed and suicidal because they can't cope with not being 'productive'mfw NEETs will inherit the earth and the gene pool like the golden god-children of leisure they are
There's no way a rational being believes in this trite.Correct me if I'm wrong, but in wasn't the aristocratic life of self improvement, nobility, and leisure considered the highest objective good of mankind until recently.Wageslaves aren't just suckers, they're sinners and degenerates to boot.
REMOVE NEETEMOVENEET
anyone got tips on how to become neet in canada? the welfare system in ontario is literally called, 'ontario works' and it puts you through job search hoops
NEETs are increasingly the backbone of the economy. Production is easily handled by a small minority, but you need a large consumer base to create ample demand for the produced goods and services.

NEETs are government leeches though
Don't they do that everywhere? I think it's mostly rhetoric and theatre in order to give the wageslaves the idea that you're not getting a free ride. The truth is that there are many more unemployed people than there are available jobs for them, and in order not to get one you just have to be less employable than the other unemployed people. This is quite easy, because contrary to popular belief most people on welfare are actually failed normies who'd much rather have a job so that they can feel worthwhile than sit around doing as they please. The trick is to always seem reasonable, willing and pleasant but also somehow strangely useless and unemployable in a way that nobody holds it against you if you 'fail' to get a job.
I went on vacation in Hope once when I was young. It was a nice time.
So? They reinject tax money into the economy, which is much more valuable to society than letting rich people hoard it.
will simply commit suicide when bank starts demanding I give any of it backWhy not just go off the grid?
Welfare office workers see tons of people like you, and no amount of "reasonable, willing and pleasant" demeanor will actually fool anyone. They pretend to buy into your struggle, but if you've been looking for months and haven't found any job whatsoever, they know for a fact you don't want one.
Doing anything in excess will inevitably will inevitably lead to the strengthening of one personality component, and the withering of another. This happens with literally everything you do, and reading and other such intellectual activities are no different. Have you ever noticed that when you talk to someone who does nothing but reading, they occasionally seem incapable of carrying on a conversation? That's no coincidence, and if you refuse to find a balance in your life then you'll ruin yourself. The idea of a work/play dichotomy is completely ridiculous. You need to find the middle ground.
Living is for the weak of will and spirit, you mean.
welfare babbies
As long as you go through the motions they can't fuck you over though.
Who are you quoting?
superb post

Muh middle groundWhat is it with plebs always spewing this asinine bullshit? Do you seriously derive your entire worldly philosophy from American capitalist drivel and that Goldilocks story?Besides, unlike a wageslave, NEETs can spend hours a day reading and still have loads of time for other activities. The idea that "work", wherein you fruitlessly exert your physical and mental capacities in exchange for a bit of money is completely retarded no matter how much time you spend on it. Even the slightest study of history or philosophy would help you understand how modern and alienating the modern work ethic is anyways.sure people were hunter gatherers for millions of years, but "muh middle ground", I wouldn't be a complete person if I didn't spend 6 hours a day taking it in the ass from my boss
while , your a loser so shut up
It's funny because i get the reference!!!!!!!!
LoserI spend the vast majority of the day doing exactly what I want. I'm also physically fit and well educated, and aside from invertible old age and death, my life looks like it will only go up from here in terms of health and education.How am I a loser? Roman patricians, Greek citizens, and medieval kings would all envy my life. I don't envy any life but my own. I'm winning.
normies just don't understand man
Could he be any better?
" Only those with a keen eye would notice his 14-karat gold bishop's ring with purple amethyst, large diamonds, and hand-tooled mitre-crozier appliqué.A keen eye indeed."
"Pulling back the sleeve of his jacket, he checked his watch - a vintage, collector's-edition Mickey Mouse wristwatch that had been a gift from his parents on his tenth birthday."
: Although not overly handsome in a classical sense, the forty-year-old Langdon had what his female colleagues referred to as an ‘erudite’ appeal — wisp of gray in his thick brown hair, probing blue eyes, an arrestingly deep voice, and the strong, carefree smile of a collegiate athlete.They say the first rule of fiction is “show, don’t tell”. This breaks that rule.
"The Knights Templar were warriors," Teabing reminded, the sound of his aluminum crutches echoing in this reverberant space.“Remind” is a transitive verb – you need to remind someone of something. You can’t just remind. And if the crutches echo, we know the space is reverberant.
was matthew cuthbert literature's first asexual? i thought him and marilla were married because the book never makes it explicit but the movie makes it apparent they're bro and sis
a couple cannot love each other without sexual attachmentany man that pursues a non-sexual relationship with women isn't a sexual personAnd if you listen close enough, you can hear Plato watching the 21st century concept of love unfold and crying to himself.
What do you think is the worst dialect in your country? The mid-western accent for me is nauseating and when they exaggerated vowels oh my fucking god
broad boganesp the queensland variety
read 50 pavestake a breakwalk down to the store for some tasty bananascontinue reading
paves
Dell?
Pynchon, is that you?
I read it without a bookmark.
Nobody asked you
reading meme bookseating meme fruits
Bananas have no protein. I'd mush them up with some cottage cheese, add a tablespoon of peanut butter, and go back at it, content that my body and mind was getting an adequate amino profile alongside the carbs. Protein deficiency is no joke, you won't have major symptom until you're deficient for months. Why slow you body down?
Don't go bananas on me, man, you'd lose your pajamas.
Do you even lift?
/fit/why are you cucks even here?

crunchyhow dare youwhat the fuck, you're missing out on vital nutrimentientsjust get the creamy kind and save your teeth the trouble of grinding that shit down
Thank you, OP, you saved me. I get severe panic attacks whenever I spot people neglecting their nutrition; equivalent to people reading YA fiction. A /fit/ body translates to a /lit/ mind. Sciences backs this up, and so does some philosophy argue such.
gym=sexybooks=nerdygym+books=snexy
severe panic attackscheck your mental nutrition m8
Maybe he was experimented on as a child? Something to do with some polymer or another?
Exactly what a banana would say.
crunchy
Crunchy on whole grain with banana slices. Enjoy your Skippy and jam on wonder bread, plebian
Bragging about something like thisYou probably bend the pages

Whole wheat with nothing waves of creamy peanut butter is the only way to truly enjoy peanut butter
What's wrong with Pacino?
all those calories burned while crunching
I remember when my copy was that pristine. It's since been read through three times, spine repaired with tape once and annotated twice.
No, fuck you. Crunchy is far superiorAlthough I disagree immensely with his brand choice.
Have any of you read pic related? How was it? I'm looking for a good copy of it and I'm interested in opinions before I dive in.
There are fantasy novels set in fictionalized settings based on medieval Europe, late 19th century Britain, medieval Japan, and the medieval Middle East. So what would a fantasyland based on 21st century North America be like? I don't just mean an "urban fantasy" of the U.S. or Canada as they are but with faeries/vampires/magic/whatever, but a setting that's based on 21st century North America the same way Shannara and Middle Earth are based on medieval Europe.
K.J. Bishop's The Etched City comes to mind
All I can think of is every J-Pop and K-Pop music video I've watched.Can't wait to see fantasies written in those modern settings! The Magic Spacestation or somethin
Sanderson's upcoming Mistborn trilogy sequal the one after the wild west ones that are coming out this year and after Stormlight 5 and the Elantris sequals is going to be set in a 1980s equivalent.
Do you listen to audiobooks, /lit/?I wouldn't want to listen to a dense novel, but are there any books you would recommend on audio format?
I audiobooked Atlas Shrugged because I didn't want to invest the time but was curiosuIt was surprisingly kind of fun
be a raging spookmastertry to read other authors who speak of things like state and governmenttry to read Henry David Thoreauspooks everywhereI mean really, how do people believe in these thought constructs so devotedly and earnestly?
Your question is self-answering m8.Way to /thread your own OP.
be a raging spookmastertry reading OPspooks everywhereI mean really, how do foreheadites believe in these thought construct so devotedly and earnestly?
Thoreau was a retard. Easily the dumbest writer in the western canon. Almost pants on head tier. HIs prose is alright though.as if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
Examples of his dumbness?
The problem is that Thoreau often in appropriately gets called a philosopher, and is compared to other thinkers of more academic rigor. Walden and the rest of Thoreau's writing is just non-fiction philosophical musing, similar to Aurelius' meditations, wherein it is the spirit of the text that is important over the syllogistic truth
shame he became a meme
Walden OrI lived in the woods; I'm better than you
I mean really, how do people believe in these thought constructs so devotedly and earnestly?They haven't autism'd their capacity for poetic nuance out of themselves like you have.Stirner has done a lot on this board to make kids even more pleb than they were before reading him. No they see "spooks" before they feel pathos. It's a shame.
What spooks ? NAME them.
No they see "spooks" before they feel pathos.so much this, i was a stirnerist too for like two weeks
Spooks aren't bad. They are just bad when you put them over yourself.
Stirner has done a lot on this board to make kids even more pleb than they were before reading himI think it's mostly reading wikipedia articles about him, considering people shit on libraries in library threads and I doubt many people have purchased copies of The Ego and It's Own.
Good post you sure convinced me with that hot argument.In Civil Disobedience, "The Good", "The Right".
implying you can talk about abstract concepts like this without invoking spooksimplying you can talk about spooks without invoking spooksimplying spooks aren't the basic constituent of human cognition
"The Good", "The Right".I'm pretty sure he meant what you thought right and good, in fact I'm pretty sure he says that. Sometimes you have to read in between the lines of he uses "the good" when he's slready said that if it's what you think is good, not that it's a truth but if you believe it's the right decision to action for whatever .
it's a dense book anywayI know there is a bunch of people that are actually knowledgeable about Stirner's Philosophy, but the majority either didn't bother to understand the book and meme, or they misinterpreted some passages.You have to consider that in order to undestand fully what Stirner meant you need to have a sound base about western Philosophy up until Hegel, which itself is a hard author to read Yes, he is hard, so I even if they bought a copy of The Ego, they would have to spend a lot of time reading preparatory books. It's kind of undestandable honestly. You don't either see a lot of threads of Heidegger or Foucault for the same reasons.
Can you give me a recommended list of western philosophy to read before stirner, heidegger and foucault, please?
the point is recognizing that they are abstract concepts and then you can give that word what ever value you want.

It was easier for me just to get the semantics by listening to an audiobook.
Good post you sure convinced me with that hot argument.Let this adolescent need to obsess over "spooks" whittle down whatever artistic sensibility is in you. I don't really care either way. All you will end up being after it is another mediocre prole ideologue.
stirnerites are fucking dumb
Thank you very much~
You're welcome babygurl \3
To honest it seems to me that reality itself, insofar as it is composed of information and cognition, is essentially a spook..


Yes. So unless those stirner fags are willing to lobotomize themselves they should stfu . It's only logical by their only self-serving "everything spooky" whop! Notion. All stirner gags are spooked sbdctet ding even know it.
Stirner does not say there's an imperative to get rid of spooks.
Not really, Stirner can be understood with a knowledge of philosophical terminology and Hegel's philosophy of spirit. He really only touches on a small amount of what's considered philosophy.
So stop yelling "spooks" at every body else's spooks then !!
tfw you realise stirner is a self-help author
People here have described him as a mental plunger.
be a raging spookmasterstirnerkids prove time and time again that they are tied with antinatalists for lamest posters on this board.
Very fitting. On a basic level that is what all self-help authors do, even if some of them add lots if bullshit after the plunging.
sonebody has to counter the new age udeology that seems to be for ideology's sake
, 
, 
Do a writers political beliefs affect how you view their work?
Yes, though it doesn't mean I'll ignore the good quality works like those of Pound, Celine, or Voltaire or treat the works any differently for that matter.
no one reads in a vacuum
I try to ignore it but I can be difficult. In Pound's case, all the good he did for the art world far outweighs his other crackpot ideas.
I try not to let it. I think it's a huge mistake to judge an author's work based on his politics or personal life. I think it is wrong to say that an author's work redeems him of his politics. Sometimes the author and the work are inseperable. Understanding the author biographically can help you better understand his work. I hate the petty dismissiveness in literary studies. We should be assessing literature first, not literature based on what we think of the author. It's hard to help this, but we should try to keep the person and the work distinct. I don't know what this is called, judging creators of a work instead of the work itself, but it seems more and more prevalent in today's society. Are Caravaggio's paintings any less good because he fucked little boys? No. Pound and Shaw's works are no less good because they were fascists.
I try to avoid learning about an author as a person until after I've finished reading whatever it was that had me reading them in the first place.
Why was Camus an anarchist?Why was Sartre a communist?
Homage to Catalonia changes 1984 into Solid Fucking Au
he doesn't agree with pound
tfw society at large hates the humanitiesI hate this eternal cognitive dissonance between wanting to study what I'm interested in, and something "practical".I'd want to do English as well as studying in Animal Behaviorism or Animal Sociologybut that would be such a waste of my "potential" according to others and I should do a hard STEM insteadHow do I get over this? I had to take a year because I just couldn't take the bullshit anymoreHow did those of you who are humanities majors discover yourselves?Any literature to deal with this anxiety?
YOU HAVE TO PRODUCE MAN!WE MUST PRODUCE AND REPRODUCE AT ALL TIMES! THE PRODUCTION MUST NEVER STOP!
Any literature to deal with this anxiety?Start with the Greeks.
I did way back
No, society at large hates mathematics. 'I hate maths' is practically a meme
It only gets worse after you graduate and realize that your degree is, in fact, useless. I don't mean useless in that you can't get a job jobs are available, if you want them, but they won't be your "dream job" but rather you discover that your education means dick, your time was more or less wasted, and your degree means nothing.May take a year or two after graduation to set in, but it does.
just get a full ride at a public uni, then when some babyboomer who's going to die within 10 years or an autist engineer laughs at you for studying Philosophy just go "hah well you're the cuck that's paying for it xD"that's what I'm doing
full ridefakepost scores
animal sociologythats a major?where?how do i get into this that sounds wonderfulthe only sociology majors I find focus on feminism/queer/ active social issues or politics
I'm not posting my transcript or anything but I had average grades I think a 3.3 GPA? and marginally above average test scores 32 ACT.I said public uni not ivy or private lib arts school their standards are almost always abysmally low.
not doing militarynot becoming an officer+ whatever you wanted to major inwhy?
whats your SAT?
I had a 1980 I think? It didn't matter I mean I submitted it anyway but I'm pretty sure my school UF only looked at your higher score.
UF Oh dude I'm in Florida too18 year old highschooler going into senior yearI'm graduating with an AA from a local community college as wellI have a 1780 SAT and a 29 ACT, those were my first scores and I'm re-taking SAT this Saturday man I hope I go up, UF was where I was planning on going, that or NCFI'm not really related to anything in the thread though
I had a far better GPA, SAT and ACT score and didn't ever get close to getting offered a full ride. It's kind of dumb to tell people, "just get a full ride". It's a bit like telling poor people, "dude, just win the 64 million dollar jackpot". Oh, is that all one has to do? Well, shit. Let's get on it.
Go 'canes.
I was actually just going to start a thread on something related.What are we humanities majors going to do. Philosophy major here, I tried biology and thought about the pre med track but I suck so bad at science that I am probably going to quit and just do philos.Writing/publishing isn't even a remotely lucrative industry these days...
nice!I kinda wished I did the early college thing, but instead I satisfied my parents by doing IB. Then again I didn't take my grades as seriously in high school so I'm happy I have a clean slate in terms of college GPA.You shouldn't have much a problem with getting in if you've got an AA, like I have friends who had a B average in CC with something shitty like 23-25 ACT and they still got in as transfer students. Both UF & NCF are great choices, though at UF you do have that whole STEM lord vibe going on with a lot of the students whereas from people I know at NCF it's humanities heaven.
Study zoosemiotics : it's highly specialist and can pay well
My GPA and SAT were far better than yours and I didn't get shit. Are you non-white?
Law, obviously. I don't even get why you wouldn't, since the judicial field is applied philosophy. There isn't a law out there that isn't contentious or can't be argued on philosophical grounds.What did you think you were going to do with your phil degree? Sit around and write books? There are a shitload of retards in law school right now, which is why just having a J.D. doesn't suffice to make 100k a year starting anymore, but all you have to do is be in the top 10% of your class, and you're gold.Because of aforementioned 'tards, it's very easy to be in the top 10%.
I'm a whitey my excs were decent so I dunno? I could have just lucked outOk yeah what I mean is do the most economically viable option and people can't really tell you you're being THAT stupid with a humanities major. Like if you're poorboy and you decided you're going to take out 50k in student loans a year going to a small college in new england because it ranks better than generic public uni down the street then you're just making a bad decision.
In terms of cost, public uni isn't much different than private colleges. I don't even know why you're trying to even argue this point. I went to a public university with far better numbers than you had and came out with more debt than private university pals of mine did.
I got accepted into some low and mid tier UCs and some CSUs. No grants or scholarships for any of them, so I just went to a CSU due to tuition being 3x cheaper. The UC name would have been nice, but I'd I think the increased debt would counteract a higher starting salary.
If you think those two paths are mutually exclusive, I have news for you; you aren't suited for eithertake 1/2 STEM courses. If you aren't a retard, you will do well in them and in your free time read classics, try to get your writing published, and study publicly available studiestake the other 1/2 in whatever you feel like. In that free time learn a programming language which you can do for 0 fucking dollars online, learn excel or do mundane tasks to improve your resumeif you think studies that aren't "practical" are in any way easier or more enjoyable than heavily demanded ones you are in for a rude awakening.
there are way too many lawyers right now; unless you're comfortable doing bitch work for 100 hours a week, no firm will have room for you
this is in the US, btw, it may be different in other countries
In terms of cost, public uni isn't much different than private collegesI guess it's dependent on your instate tuition. In Florida assuming you don't completely fuck up in high school you get the discount where you pay around $112 a credit hour or something like that. You're not going to find a private school anywhere as cheap as that - unless you've got extraordinary achievements I guess
Sorry to break to you OP, but you were born in the wrong time for learning the humanities through university. Even humanities students at large hate the humanities, though they won't say it outright.As fedora tier as it sounds, we live in a fucking plebeian age. Most of your peers in the humanities will be girls who want to "find themselves" and waste time reading young adult fiction, pretending to get a real degree in order to please their parents and bide time until they can marry someone with money or male hipsters with shitty beards and large glasses who unironically read tao lin. Just be STEM degree humanities self-educated master race ;
If you are a shit student, no law firm anywhere will want you whether they have room or not. If you look on-line, all those bitching about how they got a J.D. and can't find a decent job are those who flunked the bar sometimes multiple times and had hilarious grades."There are too many lawyers right now" is like saying "there are too many doctors". There is "too much" of everything, but the best among them always secure a good place. Besides, there are "too many philosophy majors" right now, and that didn't stop you from taking that hilarious path.
Besides, there are "too many philosophy majors" right now, and that didn't stop you from taking that hilarious path.Philosophy departments are perpetually under enrolled though :^
studies politics/history at universitypeople act like i have a useless degreeI always saw vocational degrees as a means to a job rather than a form of educating yourself to become a better member of society. The disrespect the humanities get seems to be a symptom of an unhealthy socie-I mean a symptom of a healthy economy.
thanks, to be honest I just got lucky I don't really think I'm any brighter than anyone elsewhat are you studying?
This. Times 9000
The disrespect the humanities get seems to be a symptom of an unhealthy socie-I mean a symptom of a healthy economy.Well put.
by practical I mean the majors that are seen as big top salary earnersFor this we define practical as salary
More to do with the fact that most of the STEMtards are people whose lineage you can trace up to even just their grandparents and get some filthy peasants who spent their lives having to eat their younger sisters during the great depression while living in Arkansas or some shit like that.These aren't people who would ever be members of the educated class, them going to "university" trade school is just there to make them feel better about still being serfs.
I just don't find STEM to be interesting at allit's not that I can't do it, but everything besides Biology/Sociologyin some places?i dunno and a bit of Chem is just not what I wan to do
My main focus is on Russian, which given the current political climate I can at least explain to people as the US/West needing more russian policy experts which is true
Fuck societysociety is shit
studying humanities when you could be studying the universe
uh ok?then do you realize how dumb your question is?if you don't care about a salary then what is the issue? Are you really so unsure of yourself that you need the constant approval of everyone around you?Pursuing interests that don't have promising monetary benefits is honorable, but not if you sit whining about not being acceptedthe only literature you need is Socrates. The unexamined life is not worth living
Krauss is too fucking ugly and talentless to be in the public eye. It'd be like Steve Buscemi had the acting talent of Brad Pitt.There's just no reason for it.
I'm getting here; sometimes I just want to ensconce myself in some isolated, bucolic alcove. Some sort of Walden type endeavor.

fake
I'd want to do English as well as studying in Animal Behaviorism or Animal SociologyWell OP, I like to jerk off, and I certainly would like to study new ways of jerking off and, of course the best jerkers off of ours and past generations, but as you said and I quote: "that would be such a waste of my "potential" according to others and I should do a hard STEM instead". I know very well that feel, and I also had to take a year off. You keep fighting the good fight bud!
people don't give a shit about the humanities because it's easy as fuck. if you think you're doing something unique and valuable by wasting thousands of dollars a year reading books you are seriously deluding yourselves. there is no reason a university should offer a major for english, literature, theater, etc. they are all just gen ed classes packed together and sold to idiots who universities know will throw their money awayseriously how fucking simple is your life that all you have to do all day is read a book and then write your feelings about it before going to a class with 10 other idiots who also talk about their feelings regarding said book
As someone who has a degree in the humanities, this is generally right. I don't think anyone who's sat through classes in the field of humanities can honestly say it isn't almost all bullshit.Discussion groups are just book clubs where morons strain to come up with something to say so that it looks like they're contributing something, anything. I can't count how many times I paid to sit while someone says, oh, something like, "I think that, like, Mother Courage? Is like, a good mother? Because she's providing for her family? But I also think that Mother Courage? Is bad? Because, like, she profits on the war? Like, does that make sense? I don't know how to explain it." The last two sentences are almost requisite for half the comments made in class. It's just all so goddamn dumb.

tfw society at large hates the humanitiesI'm fine with studying humanities because I hate society at large.
there is no reason a university should offer a major for english, literature, theater, etcWho is going to teach HS English? I'd imagine nobody, although troglodyte such as yourself probably would relish a lack of dedicated english instruction in secondary schools.

r9k to the rescue
This is a strawman from a poster who has never even set foot in a degree-level humanities seminarand this poster just went to a poor university. sorry bub
The humanities are quickly willing themselves into irrelevance. They did it to themselves.
writing for money
That was pretty great.
This read like a Pynchon piece.
I went to Ohio State, a pretty meh public university, and my experience with history and english courses was great; I certainly wouldn't characterize them as superficial, trivial exercises, but rather fairly rigorous examinations into a particular topic. What was often lackluster was the students themselves; I think in some of my classes only 20% did the reading regular.
is Goodreads the tumblr of the literary social media?

Hey Lit. I need some advice. I will post this in /adv/ too, but I think it's better suited here.So to cut the the chase, I have ADHD. I am professionally diagnosed, but unmediated. Normally, my ADHD doesn't interfere with my life. I have learned to cope with, and even take advantage of my situation at times.But it makes reading and writing extremely difficult. I can't sit still long enough to make a dent in anything I read or write. I have been able to cope to a degree using audio books, but much of what I want to read is not available in audio book form.So I am here to ask for help. Has anyone else dealt with this problem? Do I just need to try harder?
If you have ADHD you probably won't read the replies and this thread is a waste of time.
Thanks for the help.
but unmedicatedYou should have a script and sell dexies to children.Also fuck off to /adv/ and fucking kill yourself.
Kill a member of your family and cut yourself every time you want to read. This will give you the focus that you need. After a while you can start killing other people. Try meditation for a while. It calms the mind. And try reading a few pages every day. Every day is the key. Create a habit.
adhd friend hereYou have to build the habit. a little bit at a time, just like the normies. Your mind will still wander but just go with it and take a break from time to time, but make an effort to get back on track once you've thought it out.
you can always start to doodle or write something somewhere elsejust try to keep the thing that breaks your concentration a part of what you are writing so it doesn't mess with itbut try to contain the ''distance" between the hyperactivity of the thing, or example if you can't concentrate on reading a book, just put it down and read another book and go back and read the first bookthe farther you break in your concentration, ie, get off your seat and play videogames the longer you will take to get back etc
Didn't it come out that ADHD doesn't exist? Like its just misdiagnosed autism.t. ADHD diagnosis here.
thanks for the help guys, means alot to me. I will practice meditating more, and try to cut out distractions where i can.ADHD is real, it is just commonly misdiagnosed. Kids fit the DSM diagnosis requirements due to their age. You should actually check out the DSM5 entry on it, you will notice the traits are vauge.
there are people that unironically don't like rand
Rand Paul?
She is a complete try-hard idiot compared to Stirner. She is a blight to captialism and libertarianism because she decided to embody the negative stereotype of capitalism that leftists conjured up.
there are people here who unironically like RandEither this is easy bait or OP is retarded. I would call her an "[Insert philosopher] for dumb Americans", but I can't think of any even close to her in terms of sophistry. Maybe Stirner if she wasn't so spooked.le government is evil, except when they murder thousands of native Americans le free market is great except when the people don't want what I want them to buy mfw The Fountainhead is about a loser who refuses to build things the customers wantle objective reality = my opinions are correct
Rand L. Allen?
remember muh 1%
there are people that don't live by objectivismwhat a terrible fucking reality you must have
comparing rand to stirnerhow do i know you're new here?
not being a Stirnerian or Übermensch
ubermenschobtainablethe ubermensch is born, not made. The closest thing to what you're thinking of is rand's ideal man.
They both center around individualism and egoism. They are similar in some ways.
except rand is the only person who can actually benefit you by inheriting her philosophyinherit stirners and youll just hang yourself
But I don't want to hang myself.
That's according to one interpretation. the Übermensch represents a higher biological type reached through artificial selection and at the same time is also an ideal for anyone who is creative and strong enough to master the whole spectrum of human potential, good and "evil", to become an "artist-tyrant"Although this confusion is arising from my phrasing. We should seek to become the overman.
The only ones benefitting from Rand's philosophy are the extremely rich. Atlas Shrugged is literally Kill the Poor
The only ones benefitting from Rand's philosophy are the extremely richliving your life to the absolute fullest only works if you're a businessman! god you niggers are fucking dumb
This is why I don't like Rand as consequentialist capitalist. As I said She is a blight to captialism and libertarianism because she decided to embody the negative stereotype of capitalism that leftists conjured up.
NIETZSCHE: THE UBERMENSCH IS BORN, NOT MADETHIS IS LITERALLY THE FUNDAMENTAL DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE TWOS PHILOSOPHY ON EGOISM LOL
JUST COPPED THIS DOPE-ASS COPY OF THE OUTSIDER! RECENT PURCHASES THREAD!!!!
I POSTED THIS YESTERDAY BUT IMMA POST IT AGAIN LOL
I DON'T READ BOOKS! I'M HERE JUST TO DOWNLOAD DANK MEMES!
U CAME 2 DA RIGHT PLACE

Is this better than the movie?
Yes.
Not necessarily. How about you read it and find out?
Christian Bale really nailed the role, but the film misses out on some of the book's hilarity like the constant analysis of other people's wardrobes, the mistaken identities, and the weirdness of some things like the Patty Winter Show I think that was the name and the extended analysis of Whitney Houston/Phil Collins/Huey Lewis. But the film did give us Dubs Guy.
Warning. No dubs checking within.
I could watch the movie over and over, but I never need to read the book again.Might be fun to take a hit of amyl nitrate every time he writes the phrase 'nameless dread,' though. As I recall it was an awful lot.
I reread it a month ago. It was worth it. The violence wasn't as hard to swallow after reading Ellis's thoughts on the whole affair.
None of Less Than Zero's soul and all the anger Ellis has had over being a hack for a long time now. It's an unredeemable mess that's 200 pages too long. If you love the film you should probably read it. It's more of the same with more violence and more Bateman being Batemen, but with a few twists and the occasional intricacy the film didn't bother with I'm looking at you Carruthers and those black guys in the club. Aside from that your time's probably better spent with Forrest Gander or Ishmael Reed.
if you read the book after watching the movie you may be blindsided by how gory the book is. the 3rd person narration and the chapter on bottled water are incentive enough to read the book. the book is better
Less Than Zero's soul?
Less than Zero was absolutely soulless, a major 'point' of the book. The prose was so blatantly flat and concise, like - "I drove around with Blair for a few hours. We stopped and ate a burger. She had a Sprite I think. It doesn't matter. After that I went home and went to sleep."Fantastic book but purposely soulless.
HEATHEN NONSENSE THAT ENCOURAGES READERS TO PURSUE VAPID MATERIALISM. SHOULD BE BANNED ALONG WITH HARRY POTTER AND BUDDHIST APOLOGIA
IkrI felt that way the first time I read it. Yeah, well I'm retarded, whatever. I think the point of AP is lost on some young people. Because it was on me. Lost, I mean. The point was lost on me. Like the over long reviews of pop culture. Fucking Whitney Houston. Or whoever. Now I crack up when I hear or read critical reviews about corporate mass media garbage.
That's, like, the exact opposite of its pointActually, not really. The materialism honestly just seems to be a footnote
the mistaken identitiesthe extended analysis of Whitney Houston/Phil Collins/Huey LewisThe film nailed those, I don't know what more you would want.
The book provides greater texture and variety but the movies offers superior executionThat's a pun.
Silian Rail
I prefer the ending in the movie. But the book objectively has more in it.
The movie version follows the book very closely and very well. You won't gain 'much' from reading it, but you should anyway as it's a great read.
The books was making fun of yuppies and materialism you idiot
whoosh is the sound
WrongUntil you see the way Bateman teases cold hobos with money, as an afterthought, what goes through his mind as he's killing people, the gore itself and how it turns into comedy by the end, and witness his mental deterioration the patty winter's show today featured a cheerio sitting on very tiny chair, talking for 3 hours, then you haven't actually experienced American PsychoThe movie is more visceral and maybe more entertaining, but it's not American Psycho
checks anyway16 repliesnot a single dub
3rd personWhat do you mean? The book is in 1st person present tense, just like when he narrates in the movie.
Check 'em.
Knowing that OP won't be able to resist dub checking as he reads throughpreface, page ii"DUBS GET!"Preface, page viii"OH MAN! TRIPS ALREADY!"Page 10"One off"Feed me a stray cat"Check em"
phuk uThis guy pretty much has it right I thought the movie was one of the greatest I had seen until I read the book and realized how much more depth the scenes had in the books. Still a phenomenal movie butno child murdered at a zoo in the filmmfw
no eyeball poppedno running through restaurants throwing shit around while losing your shitno "revenge" sex and murder
GOT EM
well shit....

Who is this semen demon?
a forced meme the summerfags are perpetuating
All of these opinions are bad opinions and really ought to consider new hobbies.
No, one of the rare instances in which the film is much better.
This is one weak ass dubs thread
9999 get

Bret Easton was a little too, new way for my taste. But when I got to chapter three, I think he really came into his own. Both emotionally and artistically. The whole book has a clear crisp sound and a new sheen of constant surrealism that really gives the book a big boost. He's been compared to Allen Poe, but I think Easton has a far more cynical sense of nature. In '87 Ellis wrote this, "The Rules of Attraction", an accomplished novel. His undisputed masterpiece is "Less Than Zero" a book so easy, most people don't see the deeper meaning. But they should! Because its not just about the pleasures of conformity and the pleasure of friends, its also a personal statement about the author himself. Hey, Paul! AHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Shit got real.jpg





this thread is deeeeraillleedddd

I think Christian Bale's performance makes the movie gold. The book is OK.
Yes. The movie did some things really good. Christian Bales performance in particular. But the book had a greater depth of humor and overall satire. The movie also got some parts wrong. Like how one of the characters leaves and doesn't come back till the end, he is never even shown to have left in the movie but the audience is expected to be surprised at his return.
C O R R E C TPlus the book is actually a character study. The movie is more of a comedic slasher.
I tried reading the book, but couldn't get past the first couple pages of graphic misogyny. How did you guys get past this?
Suck my David Onica bitch!
By jerking off.
I might read the book in a couple of months, I'm anticipating disliking it though. I don't see how some of you in here can consider the film a masterpiece. I mean it's a decent amount of fun but that's about it. It's pretty trashy. Watch more films mates
no rat
I'm about 100 pages in and this is by far the most fun I've ever had reading. What do you think of inherent vice /lit/? Any more novels like it?Also, I'm aware of its complexity but is Gravitys Rainbow as fun to read?
Meme
talentless hack
any more novels like it?Plato - The Republic
hilarious
I enjoyed Crying Of Lot 49 and Bleeding Edge much, much more, I'm not so sure why, I didn't really care for Doc at all
Wow epic meme replies guys
I watched the movie before reading the book so that kinda spoiled my reading experience, but it was really fun nonetheless. I liked The Crying Of Lot 49 too
Try the Illuminatus! trilogy, or Eco's Foucault's Pendulum
I read it early this year, can't say it was the most fun I ever had, had its ups and downs for me, but it was a fun read. Can't really relate to the whole drug and hippie culture aspect.
Gravity's Rainbow is the kind of book that gets you laughing so hard you can't breathe one moment then kicks you in the nuts the next.
Gravity's Rainbow is a hell of a lot more funMost fun I've ever had
This, there are passages that go full-Bugs Bunnythat aerial pie-warmfw I read that high as fuckLove Le Pinecone's Rainbow and Illuminatus!, should I go for Foucault's pendulum then?
I think Inherent Vice and Bleeding Edge are both underrated on this board, really fun books to read.But Gravity's Rainbow is probably the most fun book ever written. Takes more work from the reader but you'll get a lot out of it if you put it in.
that meddlin kid's jokeThat alone made Bleeding Edge worth for me
Is this your first Pynchon? If it is, then read TCoL49, V., then GR. His writing is distinct, so anything you enjoy in one of his books you'll likely find another.
reading for fun
Read Raymond Chandler's Marlowe novels. They're not as "fun" as Inherent Vice in its comedic elements but they're just as thrilling and engaging. They're also superior to Inherent Vice.
I just finished Bleeding Edge and it was fun, but having just read V. and Gravity's Rainbow before it, it was definitely lacking in the sort of "impact" those two had. Maybe not "Nu-Pinecone" or anything but Diet Pinecone at the very least.
Never read Pynchon before, but I almost picked Gravity's Rainbow up today in the store when wandering. Good place to start? Accessible-ish?
Start with V.
Maybe his least accessible book. I don't have the /lit/ Pinecone chart, but I'll draw it for youSTART HEREV. or The Crying of Lot 49||\/now you're readyGravity's Rainbow-------want something easier? Inherent Vice or Bleeding Edge "Pynchon Lite"|||Want another doorstopper?Mason & Dixon or Against the DaySlow Learner is early short fiction, for fans only. Maker of the chart hasn't read Vineland
If you have to ask if a book is "accessible-ish" on 4chan before you even start it, chances are it's beyond you and will probably always be beyond you.The fuck ever happened to just picking up a book and reading it? Now, you all have to get 15 cross-referenced opinions before you even read a word for yourself. This may be the age of information, but it's the age of second-hand information. Nobody does shit for themselves anymore.
Thomas Pynchon can do anything in any genre and do it perfectly. /thread.
To me it seems more like he writes in his own sort of genre no matter what he's writing about.
get the crying of lot 49. I struggled a lot with V when it was my 1st Pynchon, but after Lot 49 I could read and enjoy it. Beside's it's only 200 pages about.
tried watching the movie after i couldnt find a non-movie based cover version of the book. the movie was a fucking bore.
fuck off tommy go back to your cartoons
how are you liking the bigfoot-doc interplay? gotta get me some of those choc-coated bananas
So, I've been training myself to speed read by copy-pasting the text in my pdf e-books into html files under marquee tags, and I find my eyes darting back and forth even when I go back to read the book as a normal pdf, but I find I'm not retaining much information. How do I practice retaining information from speed reading?
Yooooou don't. Not cold turkey.You have to expose yourself to reading a lot more first. Read at a normal pace, consume it, retain it. Every single day. Lots of hours.When you yourself feel you've read enough, you can pushing yourself to go faster and faster, but only when reading that fast is actually easy to you. Unless you naturally train your brain to do it, it'll just fry your brain cells and tire your eyes for nothing.
What is that picture from?
Not OP, but Ya right-click, then ya pick Google Search for this Image. and then it takes ya to matches.It's a screenshot from the video game 7 Days a Skeptic, part of the Chzou Mythos games. I think Lucahjin did a good Let's Play of it on Youtube.
If you wanna see it Let's Played you should check out 
Whyyyyy would you want to read fast? This is supposed to be your leisure time.
because /lit/ reads for status rather than personal enjoyment.
/lit/ is one person
You can't smart skim if your ReadSpeed™ isn't overclocked.
Why not? Where can I learn more about this?
, 
, 
What's your favorite lesser known/underrated dialogue by Plato? And why?
haha
I started reading The Republic but halfway through this hypothetical city shit I'm ready to call it. What a fucking bore. Most of his 'logic' is completely absurd anyway.Where's the cave story? I wanna read the ontology/epistemology parts before I give it back to the library.
The cave story is in The Republic you dimwit.
1 There are often intentionally bad arguments offered up by Socrates in the dialogues. This usually has to do with the dialectical nature of the discussion, and the fact that people do things like lie, withhold an opinion in certain company, dissemble to keep people from feeling bad, etc. etc. The characters often have underlying motives that need working out.2 The cave story starts at the beginning of book 7, marginal page 514a. Also, bad news for you; the cave story is explicitly presented as a political image, not an ontological/epistemological one.
None, Plato was a hack.
He was asking where it was in The Republic dude. Calm down. Anyways, he should read it all the way through. The allegory of the cave shouldn't be ripped out of context.
kek
OP here. Can we steer the discussion away from The Republic to more minor works. I wanted to know more about the less examined aspects of platonic thought.
The Charmides is interesting as an attempt to consider moderation in light of two figures who go on to become tyrants of Athens and both of whom are Plato's relatives. An especially interesting moment is when moderation is given by the figure Critias a definition akin to that given to justice in the Republic, namely, minding one's own business.
Also, the Theages, which helps to make more explicit what is otherwise only implied in Symposium and Phaedrus, that the daimon of Socrates is his philosophical eros.
tfw you fail to express yourselftfw nobody understands what you meant
first you must understand yourself
Literally, just read the greeks you fool.
tfw share your ideastfw he shows you a meme on reddit
tfw express yourselftfw no one even bothers reading ittfw your mentor literally quits contact right before you finish your work
You will never be able to communicate how you feel when you wake up from a romantic love dream
tfw you will never have a desert culttfw even if you had a desert cult it would lose its appeal after one weekend
Ehprs OP.
tfw your degenerate mother tongue is so butchered you can't properly express yourself without code-switching
posts no face
tfw the cold north wind will blow againtfw the winding road does call
tfw musique concrete maybe wasn't the best way to express myself after all
underrated postthis is the greater tragedy
“I will not be afflicted at men's not knowing me; I will be afflicted that I do not know men.
You're not trying to express yourself; you're trying to express your demons which you confuse with your self.The most perfect expression of man is the love that is in Jesus Christ which makes us free to truly express who we are as it is in our nature to love freely and abundantly, being made in the image of God.
describe an event indirectly"I was so confused, what happened?"tell directly what happened"Do you think I'm stupid?"
tfw you always either by habit or nature like to think things over in your head for a second or two before responding then they get insecure about my lack of engagement and say something else which I then like to think about as well then you see that they don't want to be in your physical vicinity because your gaze of realization about their anxiety coupled with the fact that I haven't responded because I now want to tell them to chill the fuck out but in a nice way and they then say something and leave quickly feeling judged and maybe a little inferior because of my inaction and perceived concentrated analysis of them And then I'm all alone and just wanted to initially say something casual chitchat in reply and then I'm all alone.

tfw lrn2red
"How odd it is that I can have all this inside me and to you it's just words."
When I understand something, I tend to see how lots of various elements fit together rather than a detailed look at one element. This makes it impossible for me to explain stuff in conversation without constantly going off on tangents :
tfw get close to people then push them away for no reason, like its a habit
iktfI think I may actually be bipolar...
That is a good image. Mind if I save it?
Or just a jackass.
Nah you're just unwillingly predicting the time when you'll be bored
Wtf r u talking about
tfw you slowly realize you are fundmentally isolated from the worldtfw you are the only person you will ever knowkek
I don't know what I think.Maybe I'm just stupid.I think they all know too, that I don't really understand all this.That's why they don't listen to me.I only speak when I'm lonely.
All true. Please never post again.
Sorry, stuck here I'm afraid.
tfw you fail to express yourself tfw academics, intellectuals, students, and artists debate what you meant for centuries
10/10
scot?
lel
I am a Christian and you are an apostolate
that FACE whenFACEget it right, god fucking DAMMIT!!
tfw what
that fucking whiner
iktf I get bored of people so easily and I expect them to cling to me
kek'd
Stop talking. Write for yourself if that is what you must do.
CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWLIIIIIIING IIIIIIN MY SKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN
tfw you see a qt literary girl eyeing you from across the library or coffee house or bar and you think about going up to her and being clever but then you realize you would just become bored or dissatisfied with some minor flaw in her personality and push her away only to regret it and miss her.tfw no bohemian gf
does anyone understand themselves?

implying she wouldn't find a flaw in you and push you away quickerpleb
implying I don't hide my flaws behind a cold layer of aloof disdain and pretentious intellectualism that reminds her of her father
Hey /lit/, should I read a translation of the Divine Comedy or kill myself?
Kill yourself
the second one.
the circle of hell u will go to for doin suicide will be much worse than the hell of being a pleb cuck monolingual shitreally i started reading it today, mine's by Binton. yours?
Binyon, sorry
translation
kill myself
Ciardi
Read.
I bet you're monolingual
I'd rather kill myself
Best translation for pic related?and yes, hur dur translations
fucking google you lazy cunt
Yeah, I did that but wanted more opinions that werent from fucking reddit or goodreads.
why are you acting like /lit/ is any better than those two sites?
Okay man. Keep being bitter about nothing. I hope you found some kind of catharsis from lashing out at someone looking for advice on book instead of spamming DFW
hilda rosner is who I read. I liked it.
why does no one ever check the catalog?
That one seems to be the standard, yeah, mostly want to find out if there's a version that's better. Thanks for actually replying to the topic on hand though of if they all mess stuff up.I did a quick search for Siddhartha on the catalog and got nothing. also looked for the book's cover and didn't see it, but I might've missed something
Woops, I meant "That one seems to be the standard, yeah, mostly want to find out if there's a version that's better or if they all mess stuff up. Thanks for actually replying to the topic on hand though.I am dumb
2014Not being perfect
What books should I read if I decided to acquire power, wealth and status at all costs?
Plato's Gorgias, to stop you from wanting to pursue this shit.
Also I'm posting Stalin pic just because I think it's the most drastic example of social mobility in history, I mean nothing politically-related by that. My goal is to be like the dude from Match Point, but without the killings and stuff.
50th law: Robert Greene ft. 50 cent
you should kill yourself.
the prince by Machiavelli
I would read Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism and just do everything she outlines: 
The Pale King
Whatever your political science, economics and rhetoric professors tell you to read, and read it good. The TalmudThe application instructions to Ivy League law and business schools.
You want to go from the bottom to the top without killing? Give up now. If you agent recognized other people as expendable you've already lost
at all costswithout the killings and stuffPick one and only one, OP
Write what's on your mind
"If this thread was on reddit, I would downvote it"
これメルドは何ですかHeeeeeyaheeeeey, koremerdewanandesuka?
These chicken fingers are delicious Plato's early dialogues are surprisingly fucking tedious holy shit I love Star Trek even though to be honest like half the episodes are pretty shitty
Steve McQueen jumped the first one clean, but the great escape he'd tried to make was not to be. Maybe next time, Steve.
 macaronic languageO dieu qu'il m'a donnée la souffrance have mercy on me. O lawd
the regan girl /lit/ is obsessed with started coming here yesterday is a shittier version of fantano with a weirder, more sexualized cult-following, and a very less nuanced intellectual grasp of the art she's reviewing than fantano has.
would hang out withhave you read euthyphro
in fairness, I've been coming here for years, and this is literally the first time I've seen this personyou're not wrong, tho
"Something interesting should happen already"
started coming here yesterdayProve it mister.
I wish I enjoyed readingas much as I enjoy reading the Internet. It's embarrassing.
first impressions of /lit/:1. dfw is nothing more than a meme2. everybody loves themselves some buzzwords3. YA is pathetic, and john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoying4. existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.
Ditto friend.
She's not trying to be fantano or even a shitty Marcel with some sort of critical aspiration. She's just some person talking about books she likes and /lit/ losers fap to that.Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"
I have an appointment in the afternoon, I don't know when.If I fail to attend, these people will stop the money I get from the government for being a shut-in with behavioural problems.This is fair, as I've entered into a contract with them, however, I'm not as concerned about this as I'm told I should be.As I retreat more into my own personal fantasy, it becomes harder to concentrate on real things, and they begin to seem distant and unimportant, like that scream from the street that you shut out at four AM, and turn over in your bed to forget.I'll miss the money, next week, of course, but I can rationalize it all away, even knowing deep down I just didn't want to get out of bed.
I'm excited to read more books.
I like reading and writing, so why does english class suck classical english dick so much?
Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"relative to that chick, yes. honestly though, he devotes a ridiculous amount of time to music, and has cultivated a fantastic sense of taste which he always backs up logic and thoughtfulness. I might not always agree with him, but I always can always be like "hm. I understand where he's coming from."
I just finished reading The Metamorphasis, In the Penal Colony, and numerous other Kafka short stories. I feel like I have a solid grasp on them, but am putting off starting The Trail because while I find his works to be extremely high quality, I don't really enjoy reading them.I always like reading non-fiction, the news, or textbooks because I am interested by events, I just have a hard time getting into a story that really has no bearing on the real world, but idk maybe I'm a giant fucking pleb ;^/
The dfw memeing is post-post-irony
Today at work a guy who had quit was visiting to say hi and when I went up to greet him he was very unfriendly to me and I can't stop thinking about this it's really bothering me ..
nearly this same thing happened to me yesterday. Except I think I was the mean one. I can't tell a lot of the time
I'm starting to fall for the other woman.
I don't really believe a thing she says. Another girl is involved and, while I look forward to interrogating her a real skill of mine, I almost don't want to hear what I know to be the truth I told myself that if it turns out she wasn't lying, I'd really go for her and treat her right. But I think that's just a part of the game I play with myself. Life is lacking in momentum. Though I have a tendency toward control and hunger for knowledge I've used a girl not liking to admit she's raped as a control experiment to see if she was lying about something else, going back and forth between the two, I've realized that a visceral life is more stimulating I think the favorite moment in my life so far was a year ago. Being drunk for a few days straight, each sip feeling amazing. She was this good looking, kind of man eating slut that I was intimidated by. We were listening to a lot of Lana Del Rey that day and she'd sing along 'RyAnn!' replacing the song's 'My Mann'That morning we had woke up at 3am, drunk, and started drinking. She said she was never going to get married, and I told her I was going to marry her. That day she called her mom and said she was going to marry meI don't think I've ever loved anything as much as I loved her that daySoon after the story above I lost my job, then, because of the girl, I kind went crazy, got 5150'd and kicked outThis habit of mine might get in the way of my urge to make money, but I think the thought of doing this on a grander scale is arousingI found it weird that he was a fag
I should go to sleep so I'm not so tired that I show up late to my new job again. I really want to play some games though.I really want to fuck my roommate/ex HS crush again. Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?I really want to fuck in general, actually, but she's around and we've fucked before, sooo...I should read something so I can participate in /lit/ discussions at some point. Or at least recognize who's spewing bullshit more effectively.I'm experiencing mental tension with my job even though the work isn't slimy or even profiting anyone directly yet. This may be a broader tension with working in general. This may be a broader yet tension with having a consistent schedule and approaching financial comfort. That shouldn't produce tension, should it?My poetry feels like a waste of time but I'm still compelled to write.
I have a strong desire to start writing short stories but lack the experience to even know where to start and have to much fear of producing shallow trash.
should I close this thread or reply to somebody's post? I feel like telling the poster above me that a journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step, but I guess I won't. Oh well, I hope they figure it out on their own. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now.
"I was frozen, today"With Debussy in the background

I feel kind of guilty for not reading anything in a long time. I feel like if I bought an e-reader it would motivate me, but I can't really justify spending the money on a new gadget I might not even use much. I'm pretty torn.
What if Las Vegas wasn't just a tourist trap, but a time traveler trap?
Das it manI was at about 45min
Sıkılmak bile sıkıcı değil artık
That didn't come out like I wanted it toAndnot liking to admit she's been* raped
I need to be provided with structures. I'm only interested in discussing structures. Otherwise I'm wasting my time. I need a structure to overcome a break up. After years of... I felt the urge to hit 'esc' and not post this because I was afraid my post would be trite. Imagined another man groping my ex gf boobs and this made me feel grief and loss. Brainless. Brainless tumor. Being stuck in these kinds of grief makes your world smaller. You start caring about small things. You forget your purpose, you forget how to feel. You won't be famous or remembered if you keep paying attention to this. Ok. I don't know how to cope so... should I ask my mother about this again? Not confessional prose again, please, at least don't make judgments or statements. Only facts. You abandoned your friend, maybe he felt the way you feel now. Maybe mabye ah bah bah bah. Feeling trite. I was negligent. To be interested in structures and to need structures makes me prone to be a victim of trite things. Again, that's a judgment but I'm not sure. I can't discern. Never read the Greeks. Ok, I get it. Those give you the fundamental structures. You've been wasting your time. Nobody has time for that. Not me. Excuses. All of them. Just kill yourself. Forget about killing yourself. That's not a thought you can rely on. You don't always want to kill yourself. Uncertainty in the brain almost perpetually. Just forget about it. Self-help sentiments. Is that what... Uh.
Is part of the pain due to the persuasive lie that we have personal agency in the forms of liberty, equality, freedom, etc.? Like Zizek claims with his story about the traditional authoritarian boss vs. the modern friendly boss: the pain of forced cooperation against your interests under the threat of punishment is easier to handle than the pain of someone convincing you that you WANT to work against your interests. Big Brother doesn't whip you until you comply, he bores into your brain and controls your thoughts. He CHANGES you.Failures of design and circumstance have been transferred onto us. Serfs never had to worry about getting ahead. It was made very clear that they never would. When modern systems fail us, it is in fact OUR FAULT. College is too costly? Work harder. Go into debt. Or you are a huge loser failure. You don't want to be a loser. You love to work hard. You are fine with payments. You love to learn new things. Can't miss out on those college parties!Why can't they lay it out bare? It will actually hurt our feeling less. YES we require a degree to hire you. YES we are jacking up tuition to build a football stadium. YES the professor has a new edition of his handout that you can only get at the university bookstore. Give it to me straight, Mr. Dean! I don't want this, you wan't this. HR wants this. They are scrambling my brain up and making me feel bad.
I woke up early and I feel bad, although I'm not sure why. I need to go to an interview at a university I really want to go to and I'm rather anxious about not making it, albeit there's no reason for me to be doubting that I won't.I am also forced to do work-related recreational things because my boss insists that if we would it'd help our ability to work. Things like sports and such.
Last time I saw her, she had "say yes" written in sharpie on her left arm. A cloth bracelet that had a sewn patch on her right. She must have sewn it in herself, it said "love" in a cursive pink. She told me she used to be a candy kid, and I could tell by her mannerisms that she'd never hurt a thing in the world, except maybe herself. To see her smile the way she did tore me in two, but not in the bullshit teenager way. This was a full grown this-girl-is-basically-married-and-will-never-see-me-in-that-light kinda way. And here I am crying about it in a mongolian yurt making factory, in some sort of stupid and confused frenzy that I can't express anywhere else in the world. On the other hand, I want to feel this way. I want to take all of the nice feelings of love and just concentrate them in a person I can't ever be with. That way, I can focus on my work. It doesn't help me sleep at night, but having a tiny corner of my life where I can just bury all my feelings is the easiest way to avoid feeling brokenhearted, or abandoned, and in a way, lonely. Because I accepted all of these things at least a year ago, I accepted that's how I'm going to feel and goddamn it, I'd rather move on with my life and try to create something with some sort of artistic merit than try to cure those feelings.Maybe next time i'll choose not to see her at all
that feel when no gf
You mean you didn't mean to sound like a complete asshole, or that you did mean to sound like an asshole? You actually come across as just an asshole.
This, basically. It saves you a lot time and effort. USE IT.
The last few months I've been progressivelly feeling more and more that I should, nay that I need to find someone to love. That wouldn't be all that bad in itself, but I also feel like everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by basic people. It's not that I don't have fun or enjoy the stuff I do...it just feels like months since I talked to a real person. And it's all the worse that I have this image, this anima, haunting me - I fall for every other chick I meet, only to realize over and over that there's nothing mysterious or interesting about her, her or her. I'm affraid of the possibility that nothing can compare to the bizzarely numinous experience I had the first time falling in love.I don't know, maybe the problem is that I'm slowly unbecoming a person myself - too lost in my books and wild theories of the reality, I become distant from what was once relevant. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I'm either a schizo or pratyekabuddha - either way, I'm fucking lonely, with just my family of the dead to keep me company.
She is my spliced half. My heartrate spikes and I start to fidget when thinking of her. She has restored my faith in the human capability for romantic love, and I can't have her because I am in a loveless bond with a person I cannot stand that lives two hundred miles away from me.I should buy milk and fish. My omega-six levels are dropping and they are necessary for proper brain function as they balance out the already-prevalent omega-three fats present in grain products and red meat.Maybe killing myself will solve both of these problems.
What is post post irony?
why the fuck can't I quit porn/fappingjesus christ I don't understand why this is so goddamn hard for me. either I'm bored and have too much time on my hands so I fap or I feel like shit for one reason or another and I need to fap to feel better. I guess I lack willpower. don't know how I'm supposed to build some up.bleh
Is this a true account?
You're depressed and bored, man. Put yourself on a schedule, start working out, get 3 hours of sun/fresh air every day. I cut it down to 3x a week, which is the minimum if you don't want to get prostate cancer. You can do it.
You're devolving into an infantile state of shutting out the world stimulus in order to create your own zone of artificial stimulation that is also not uncoincidentally directly linked to and controlled by your survivalist genes of procreation. Never mind the fact that you're tricking yourself -- that every attempt made to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.Every attempt to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.
I think experiencing different aspects of life creates depth, and that fulfilling desires creates wisdom You not wanting to possess a girl is too self defeatist, and speaks about how little you strive for, which is indicative of how far you won't goI feel like getting 'structure' from outside sources, especially needing to, especially wanting to get it from the greeks is for stupid people who will never be greatLooking for process for process's sake. I'd rather look for greatness, look for what makes sense, and let process eventually come from thatThen there's people like Joyce who genuinely think that their rapid, mindless expressions are is itself a worthy process. Everyone thinks he's great, but that isn't why. It's from the confidence it takes to think your fly by the moment thoughts are artWhen I was younger, tripping on acid, I was talking to this guy also tripping. Because of how socially inept I was, I felt that being overly cartoonish was a good way to connect with people. I sensed him mock me so I hit him in the stomach and brought my focus inward instead of trying to socialize with that faggot. Then.. he thanked me. I didn't pay attention to why, because I knew the real reason. No one knows what the fuck they want, and they're happy to be a part of the exercised will of someone that does, even if it's negative. To experience that gives them a moment of clarity and purpose, and the fact is, I doubt the greeks were much different And I definitely echo your thoughts on grief. For me it's obsession over a girl, I lose myself Idk, it just didn't I post like that often, sometimes it's right, sometimes it isn't
That one good post on lit tiday. Have a good one mate.
Bottom link onWas meant for youI didn't have enough direction in the post. It's easier when I say stories, then to go into detail how I feel, or go into too much detail about past events
After kicking coke and painkillers, now that I can't get fucked up none of my friends hit me up anymore - only when they want a cigarette they enthusiastically say it too, "Bro!! Let's smoke!!".Fuck it depresses me /lit/. I've known those guys since grade school and now soon as I can't go out and get fucked up with them it's not just going to parties, it's sitting around in a room splitting grams of coke and getting all paranoid, they never come over and see me.I'm considering moving out of the city to Los Angeles only a few hours away since in my town, you know who you know and that's it. Finding new friends is near impossible.
Where do you live?
Fresno - well, more specifically Clovis.
Fuck them. They're clearly not even remotely your friends if the only merit they see in you is getting drugs off of you. But I guess that's what drug fiends are like. Disgusting. I'd go for it anon, not necessarily LA but just any city where you feel you can get a fresh start. It's not worth it being in touch with such a bunch anyway, so it's not your loss.
How old are you?
Isn't that pretty cool your friends are in some way looking out for you?Why would they, junkies, want you, a non-junkie, to come to their ways again? They know they're into it, and they know you've made the right choice, or they'd be inviting you nay nagging you to come do coke with them.Despite this, as junkies do, they could easily forget your existence altogether, so stuck in their microcosms they are, but nay these friends of yours still hit you up, and the only way they know to bond is through chemical ritual, and so they in their ways invite you to have a cigarette with them -- they sound enthusiastic because you're their fucking bro and you don't speak much anymore so when you do they want it to be worth something, they'll be enthusiastic.Don't take it personal anon, you can't force them to change their ways, and even if you could would you want to? Probably not -- kudos for kicking the drugs man, if you feel like you're wanting to move out of state, to a new scene probably the best thing for a recovering addict, start thinking about it --not worrying about it, just ponder on it.
Where the eagle glides ascending There's an ancient river bending Down the timeless gorge of changes Where sleeplessness awaits I searched out my companions, Who were lost in crystal canyons When the aimless blade of science Slashed the pearly gates. It was then I knew I'd had enough, Burned my credit card for fuel Headed out to where the pavement turns to sand With a one-way ticket to the land of truth And my suitcase in my hand How I lost my friends I still don't understand.luck anon. Godspeed.
The draw of Los Angeles is that it's relatively close and it's a big city. I'm young and I'd like to live somewhere not so dead end as any city between Los Angeles and San Francisco tends to be.I remember when they weren't like that though and as much as I try not to, I cling to that image of them. Young, hopeful, etc. They think they're going to be the next fucking George Jung because they sell lines at parties. I'm 18, almost 19.
I like your outlook on it and god, I love your positive attitude....but I know these guys. Anyone who doesn't get fucked up is a faggot to them. I might as well be dead to them at this point. I live within 5 minutes of them and in the past almost 3 months of sobriety have only seen 2 out of around 11 of them once or twice.It's not so much that they care too much about me to not invite me along, they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partake, or more likely the reasoning, someone who isn't going to put in money to buy said drugs.
I never much listened to Neil Young but this is great. Thanks anon.
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices? Could it be as bad as I think it is?Probably, but some people can make it work. I don't know if I'm one of those people. I'd shave my head but I'm also balding down the middle of my head too.It's like a straight line. It's so unnatural. I don't understand how this shit happens.All my life I've hated how my hair looks and now that I'm losing it; I hate it even more. ;_;
Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?Becuase she wants your D homo
I want to sleep.
Their life is drugs of course you are dead to them -- it either transpires that the drugs were the only thing making you friends in the first place, in which case it would seem natural the bond dissipates as your curtail the drugs, or that without the drugs you wouldn't have remained friends in the first place - people change etc. Either way you're not missing out on anything, but rather working towards more a person who maybe, in a few years, your friends could see and feel a well of pride, and then, sadness or something -- but it would all be well and good. they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partakeThey're ashamed, man; you wouldn't invite a catholic priest to your orgy would you?Really, coming from someone who's dropped contact with many people he loved and still loves to death.
I feel you on that, more or lessI don't have anyone on my same wave length, I've been burning the people I used to connect with to the filter and I need to meet new people and generally focus on other thingsI don't think there's anything wrong with unbecoming a person. When I was younger I went through a phase where I couldn't read anything new without it making me feel like everything I had previously thought was wrong. I started asking myself questions, the answers of which are the foundation of who I am as a person Writing my theories helped a lotYour friends call you to smoke cigarettes?That sounds like I joke but I'm I'd probably hangout with you if you want. MaybeI was doing 8balls by myself when I was 16, and your general story sounds far fetchedI'm in Oakland
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices?If they are a cool individual, they don't notice because, genuinely, who the fuck cares.Keep focusing on what is inside your skull instead of what is on your head.
I'm in L.A. anon, I will be the guy at the beach playing harmonica and reading books in the hammock on the weekend. I hope you the best for you, good luck.
blake and joyce and everyone fell asleep at once though I've told them twice not to touch my teeth or else I'll parse a patterned subject with holy high notes swirl around in spinal fluid blood boil rib rinse eyes dry tongue tied let me fuck you then fuck me then we can lie down and try to sleep in the middle of the day otherwise I'll have to maintain homeostasis in an infinite tumble of mind manners and monster emotions.
What city do you live in?I was thinking of Hollywood cause a studio there is pretty cheap. Same with Koreatown. I spent a lot of time in Venice/Santa Monica and Bel Air when I was younger. I've had a love affair with the city since I could remember. That sounds like the life to me though anon. I don't need much. An easy, slightly above minimum wage job - ideally a record store or guitar center where I worked until just recently, pays just enough for a studio that I can come home to and work on my writing.
Your outlook's starting to influence mine a bit.I'll miss them. I love them to death, but if I didn't get sober that death would probably be coming a lot sooner. Two close calls to cardiac arrest were enough for me to call it quits. Love those guys, but it's time to move on.Funnily enough, they called me a few minutes ago wanting a cigarette. They're walking around my neighborhood car shopping opening car doors to see if they're open then stealing what you can out of them. I sat back and realized that I'm content in rather sitting inside posting on /lit/ The party was fun while it lasted
I've lived in Venice and done work all around the city: let me tell you, between the west side venice/santa monica/palisades/ brentwood/mar vista/marina del rey vs the inner city and valley downtown, k-town, valley, etc. is a fucking huge gap in overall enjoyability. The west side is beautiful, relaxed, and active. The inner city is flat, ugly, strained, and void of any non-exclusive activity. If you move to LA, make sure you're on the west side.
I live in Santa Monica. I'm a History teacher for Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District. If you are not materialistic, which it sounds like you aren't, you will do just fine in life.
I've got a lot of family in Fresno. I live a couple hours away from Clovis...I'm not saying we could, you know, meet up and trade books or anything, but...
Why should I do anything? Because it makes me happy.Why should I care about my happiness? It feels nice.Will it feel nice after I am dead? No.So it doesn't matter since time is fake, it may as well be 100 years from now it just happens not to be. The only other reason I have to do anything is to make other people's lives easier but that doesn't matter either because they will all be dead.Sure, in 50-70 years we may get powerful enough AI to replicate human brains, but even then, it is worthless. I know I need to simply distract myself with travelling and a girlfriend and a fulfilling job but I feel like it is something like Pandora's Box. Once it is open it you can never revert to the previous state, I can never forget how worthless everything is. I know a lot of you guys think about this sort of thing but the only solutions I have found are sleights that don't actually solve it.
209 REPRESENT LOL
Thing is, as we get older, friendship cliques become sort of cemented in a way - like political structures comprised of bodies with individual roles; a jester, a brick-head, a butt of the joke, perhaps a matriarch or patriarch -- so as we move out of the friendship groups we grew up with, became a person with, and then move away from that past, it's like an ego shock..you seem foreign to the people outside of the clique you grew with, and other people can seem foreign to you, and everyone is comfortable in their cliques and doesn't want to disrupt their status quo by inviting a new body into their social-political sphere.This cliqueism gives rise to an entirely interesting sect of outcasts, of people who went, say, against the grain out of their own sheer will - these people, your person, my person, can affect change.You seem so blase about giving up the drugs, you don't talk of the struggle, and it is like a kizmet that your friends just now called you - you don't mourn the past and you are content, don't even have to say it. We probably miss the bond, the ritual, the effortlessness, let the drugs do the walking - muscles atrophied. Exercise. Exorcise.
of course horse, I'd be down bahaha my condolences, though in the valley we all commiserate
Come visit SLO when you can, my man
You know, before I checked myself into rehab I allowed myself one more weekend of excess. I locked myself into my room with 3 grams of cocaine, some food/water, cigarettes, my music and some books.The final line of cocaine that I railed, that final sliver of glamour, as soon as it all went up, I dropped to my knees clutching my head bawling knowing that it was the end of an era for me. That might've been the absolute lowest point of my life. Lying fetal position on my floor, some 3 odd days without sleep or shower, 20 pounds underweight. What you've described to me though is my biggest fear. That I'll never make a little group of friends like that again. Without school, I have no idea how to make friends in the real world. Maybe it's just because I'm young but I just honestly see no way to make friends without something like school to lock enough people into a small space where relationships MUST flourish.
I am almost 30, fat, single, but nonetheless, happy.
The level of social maturity on this board is a joke
So 3 grams lasted you 3 days, and you went to rehab with that habit, and you're relating to a kid who apparently used to split a gram with 11 friends and currently only sees them to smoke cigarettes
Actually, I'm passing through there soon. My parents are moving to Santa Maria soon.
I don't relish the thought of replying to an idiot and liar But I think if you were to enter a certain scene, like going to a given club every weekend, you'd eventually start to see how small that scene was and you'd meet people
I'm the kid in question.
idiot and a liarI'll concede to idiot but why would you call me a liar?
4chanMaturitypick one
I realized that
It could've been my phrasing, I didn't mean I lied on the floor for 3 days - I just meant that it was 3 days TO that point.
I don't think you realize what you realize.
Like I said, your general story sounds far fetched. Like you have no idea what you're talking about, because you obviously don't Unlese you're being ironic or something, which I can tell you aren't, when you have a coke habit it doesn't feel like gloryI can't imagine 3 grams lasting more than half a day for someone with an addictionI'd expect at least some level of depth
I realized it after the factAt first I thought there where two fantasy filled children in this threadI hate being 'that guy', which I always am, so I'll leave this thread for the night
How did Arabs make such a big deal about the eradication of Paganism and pagan idols, yet Egyptian monuments still stand? It's one thing to claim your hand made stone carving is a vessel of a minor god you worship for personal peace, it's another to have great massive monuments dedicated to men believed themselves gods, worshiping other gods in a polytheistic system. Not just attributing partners to god, but believing they ascended to divinity. And yet the statues of Arabia got smashed and the sphinx still stands.HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN?
When it's your entire reason for existence and it's all gone, yes - it's glorious. I knew it was fucked up but I knew my life would flip upside down after that night.I was being facetious though.
Man I love Kill Me Baby.
i have a job interview tomorrow, i hope things go okay
good luck anon
I crave intimacy and attention but deliberately distance myself from my family. I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be asked. My expectations are way too high and I'm unwilling to do anything I don't like regardless of how it might affect the people who matter and my own potential. I plan to leave the country and part of the reason why is the vague hope that it's this society that's caused by depression, frustration and double-standards. I fantasize about all my problems being solved by the addition of a girlfriend but am terrified of the responsibility at the same time.
the pig was named porkshire. he lived in england, and he hated the police. one day a sweet woman was watering her weeds. porkshire trampled her pretty lawn and she called the department of sherrifs. he arrived in his police car and brought porkie into the back. he made a mess shitting on the backseat. the first incident of precise sabotage the pig plans to undertake.
sheriffs in police carsenglandremove yourself
I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be askedplease try to change this, as one of those guys that always has to take initiative it's mentally exhausting after a while and gives the impression that you secretly hate me
If you can get any, take 10mg of Valium before the interview. It will eliminate the nervousness without clouding your mind. Don't drink any coffee or take anything else stimulating either.when they ask you if you have any questions say " no....but is there anything I haven't elaborated on or explained well enough during the interview? " or words to that effect. It turns the questioning on its head and shows an air of confidence.
Ah dude, hang around, it's ok.
I hope you really fucking cock up the interview, anon, I hope you have bogies hanging our ya nozzies and that ye stutter and spit on the interviewer like sporruy bossYou will live on pavements rest of life.
But if you've had bad experiences with people agreeing to do things with you when you were young, it's very scary to ask people to keep to a commitment you created. Not to mention having done it so few times there's a strong fear of doing something that you feel you should be very experienced at doing by now.
But anon, if time is fake then your happiness is forever.
LemonsToday I had been walking back from work as I always had, with a friendIt was an amiable walk, like most nights under the lithe moonlightFor the past fortnight, from the crepuscular to the consummation of peregrination, he had never stopped pining over his lemons;incessantlyThen came my epiphany, elicited after my evocation in a stentorian pule..."LEMONS""LEEEH- MONSSS!!!!"I had thought, at the time, that I had never shrieked louder in my entire lifethen, the rasps licked and mingled with our ears and minds, silence had come back as quick as it had left usAt this point I was profoundly forlorn, and for the rest of our meandering, I glared the pavement all the way back home, as if the ground itself was the draconian antagonist in my journeyConcerned, as he should, many an inquiry came out of him, ebbing as the realization that I was beyond succour took its seat in his mindI told him about my lemonsthey would never stopand everybody else had even more lemonsand they too, would never stopConsummation came with an apology as we parted wayswell that was my day /lit/, non-fiction for you fags
They only destroyed that giant stone buddha with explosives, didn't they? If islamists were to destroy the sphinx now, half of egypt would want to kill them ruins tourist business.
I'm too sleepy I guess I should go sleep damn it's already past 6AM I said I would be there around 9 maybe I should just stay awake confusion in her eyes that says it all she's lost control she mentioned liking post-punk I wonder if she likes this shit it's been more than a month I guess if I stay up and do that til 10 I can sleep about four hours after then try to sleep in regular hours tonight what is this smell did he just shit on the hall again I'll clean after I come back then sleep but why would she never message again after all she said I need to study it will be at the end of July I can't postpone it anymore Carl is gonna ask me about it in the party most likely I hope I have started by then to at least be able to sound convincing the download has finished 50 minutes plus a shower then go it's perfect timing I wonder if they will at least let me change the office priorities cause chosing the one next to her as my number one choice was foolish well damn it's really smelling bed maybe if I open the window I can just ignore it but it's a nice city anyway and it will be a good experience but it will feel shitty regardless and I don't even know French maybe start with something that covers the basics of everything then just branch to whatever I'm not comfortable with I wonder if there is a book that has all the basics like that maybe I should write one if there isn't cause it could be really useful I don't think that is I'll sleep for 4 hours and then google the books I need and make a study plan I think he will message me today wanting the thing deployed so I should deploy it first since it won't take long it says it's my birthday there maybe she sees it and comes to say something nice this bass line is really good she's lost control again she's lost control again but new dawn fades is so much better I guess this is more famous just because it's more catchy but still very good maybe I should deploy it now because if I watch the episode there's a chance I'll fall asleep hope he doesn't ask about it til afternoon shit it was the last one I'll go buy another pack and watch it the plan was to try to stop today maybe I'll reduce the amount from this pack onwards or I'll wait until next week cause by then I'll be done with my job guess I'll start studying next week then as well but I should definitely make that study plan otherwise I'll lack the motivation I miss we both been busy and coming to leave a message to each other every two hours or so she even asked if I wanted to call so we could talk while she was painting I need to download the subtitles if there aren't any yet there's no big deal I can understand everything everytime anyway I should just watch without it this time I will fetch the usb disk to copy it I don't even know if I'll pass the interview anyway maybe I'm stressing over nothing where's my lighter I can smoke one on my way back her paintings are really good though
I don't think that it's really shameI'd say its more out of "Wow that guy is a total dweeb, can't believe he's gonna choose a job and a suit over this kush"also "Well that Catholic Preist will only partake in our orgy if there's some children, can't really have him come along"
I wish you good luck!
You guys know it's not that hard to get a gf right? Put yourself out there, do some exercise, look like you're having fun.
What a useless post/er.
I am plagued by indecisiveness. I am hypocritical. I find myself craving human affection and attention constantly, yet rejecting opportunities in which I can attain such. My reasoning for these actions has yet to be found. I have recently become obsessed with the certainty that anything I bring into this world, whether it is human or plant or creation, will decay, and die. Surely this may be “babby’s first nihilistic crisis”, but nevertheless, these ideas are beginning to define my ways of thinking. I feel incapable of loving people. I have no idea as to why, but the ability seemed to have left me. I solely initiate breakups. It’s never the other party, always me. I have this hypocritical of wanting nothing more than a relationship, then immediately regretting it, and wanting to breakup. I’m spineless, constantly afraid of others judgement, yet crave insults and attacks on myself, possibly to reassure myself that I’m a spiteful and horrible person. My actions may sometimes show otherwise, I will not think twice about helping someone, or spoiling them. Is this to cover up my inner and more abhorrent thoughts? I claim to be a “writer”; Lord knows I can’t write for shit. I have no motivation in reading anymore.
I hope that guy replies, I hope we have similar interests, I'm hungry, yeah because I didn't eat anything today because I felt slightly sick yesterday and had no appetite today.
Getting to the stage where it's possible to break up is a good first step though. You need someone to shape you.
thinkgen bout demiurge
There was a gf I believed was way into me, gave me all the signs, asked me out for milkshales after school and all.When I asked her out last week she shook her head, said no and was ice cold the next day.If a girl who shows me signs like that denies me, it's not easy to do.And besides, where do i meet girls anyway?
holy shit you are the worst kind of poster and represent everything wrong with youth literary culture.
Why do you hate gnosticism so much?
muh exclusionary secret knowledgeThough I guess that's not as bad as people who read up on it as an "alternative"
I think he was triggered..
Not that guy but man, you could've had put it in more sophisticated terms. You know, we gotta keep up the image we don't have.
If you mean getting a gf for the sake of getting a gf, it isn't that much.But finding someone that you love, that you trust, that you get along well, that you like every quality and yet don't care about any of her flaws, that are able to be copletely honest with without judgement, that you see yourself spending the rest of your life with and that feels all this towards you as well is really really hard anon, don't fool yourself.
It's proving pretty hard for me to find any kind of gf...
Gnosticism is a branch of knowledge, not really a fucking dazzling coat to prance around in.
WHERE DO I MEET GIRLSHERE
I don't know mate, think, how do you gain all you social contact - what do you USE to gain all your social contact? How could YOU USE what you currently use to gain the rest of your social contact, to also get a girl.
I have only one friend and all we usually do is get high and play cards/video games.He did invite me to a party on the 14th so maybe then, but I suck at parties
You suck at parties?I guess you suck at parties then..Doomed/dismissed - fail forever. Have fun!
Never said that, but the memeing seems a bit unnecessary, especially for the posters sake. Also I wouldn't really say that it's a branch of knowledge, but rather a spiritual/phillosophical system built around a historical record of certain kind of experience. But that's just me nitpicking.
Well then don't say getting a gf isn't much then you dumb shit
tbh what a lot of people used was being forced into contact through things like tutorials. What they need is to gain contacts outside of institutional compulsion.I can't really talk though because my friends are 1 my tutor group 2 my housemates and 3 my d&d group
Welcomed nitpicking, is always welcomed!Yeah maybe Gnosticism needs a bit of bite to it - like at the moment it's a ghost and we gotta put ghost in the machine.
fyi you are replying to a different person lolby "isn't that much" I meant "that much hard" at least compared to the other stuff in the post
Boy goes up to girl: Boy: HiGirl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?Youposter 6621944: I will fuck you.Me: There must be something wrong with this girl. Alright, I'll see you later and let you deal with your things, i'm pretty neurotic already and don't want to be dealing with your shit.Get it? Neuroses in a guy is not attractive - girls are not attracted by neurotic men - you are neurotic. And you feel as if you pity yourself, which feeds the neuroses, making you more neurotic, and you complain more about not having a girlfriend, and you become uglier and more unattractive with every neurotic thought that wonders, no cries 'why haven't I got a girlfriend'/'why haven't I been given a girlfriend' etc. If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.
joyce pls go
I know you meant the difficulty, but when you can't even give me a good answer as to where to look it obviously isn't that easy now is it.
isn't that just one of those things they say to start a conversation and get complimented
I find there's quite a few ghosts skulking around the attic. And as for producing the god from the machine, that's our job, right?
Girl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?it's so hard to find a boyfriendtop kekI know what you mean with my mentality being rotten, but that is only because of recent events: Before that I was positive and went flat on my ass, and now have to start from nowhere since I don't know where to look and saw this one girl as the perfect opporitunity that doesn't come by that often.I'm close to just downloading tindr or whatever
Way too much Gnostic thought has been lost. Plugging the gaps with bits from other religions doesn't cover it.
Again, I wasn't the one who gave you that answer lolBut it isn't that easy, but also not that hard anon. Like, it's probably medium leaning a bit to the hard side.But a lot of the hardship you see in it isn't really there but in your head.
tfw I downloaded tinder and have it on my phone but immediately stopped it from accessing the internet and hid it away because I got scared
I hope you're aware of how vague you come across right?Getting a gf seems to be something you can apply actual strategy to, yet no one has any clear cut answers of where to find one if you don't already know girls.
posts on a meme sitedoesn't like memes
And I don't mean that a girlfriend is something to earn, in a trophy sense as in a prize for good work; more like in the sense that you deserve the friends you have, and that two good friends deserve to be friends and the like. If you're rotten you ain't gonna have good friends!It would work on a case-by-case basis, there are varying factors you'd have to consider about the girls self worth, attractiveness etc. to discern whether she is using it as a play or being genuinely self deprecating; the last thing you want in a girl is self-deprecation. How can you value someone who doesn't value themselves - you can only value someone in spite of their self-deprecation, and most likely wouldn't value them if it weren't for that self-deprecatory streak.It wasn't quoting an actual conversation, more like an unspoken conversation - your sense of self worth sweats out your pores - and often the very being we emanate to others is very different to how we think we seem - if you're desperate, it will show.
If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.Look at this cuck.
memes should only be about trivialities tbh
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about it - she don't know what's going on in her head. You don't know what's going on in your head. Talking about a perfect girl, you don't even know yourself! Just calm -- I'll tell you, and you won't like this, but you're gonna go through potentially quite a lot of relationships, ups and downs, and heartbreaks. Every couple think they're the shit, together forever, and it kills them because it's not true. This baseless hope is almost part of the downfall - learn to chill out a bit and realize you can't depend on others for your happiness - this leads to co-dependence, addictive tendencies, neuroses..
I am and it is intentionally vague except for the last part.But ok, let's try some concreteness lolWhy do you think it's difficult to meet a girl? not even saying get a gf, just meeting the girl, which seems to be your problem.As in, put in words where exactly the difficulty for meeting one is, the best you can.
potentially quite a lot of relationshipsDepends how young you start.
memes help us cope with important matters as well and can be both light-hearted and profound.
Depends how much you wanna worship Satan.
profound memeOnly in the capacity to make us aware of profound things, in which case they are only as good as a roadside ad
Or you could like play girls programming like fiddles.This guy looks happy.He's a good guy?
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about itI am 20she don't know what's going on in her head.Going by her tumblr you might be rightTalking about a perfect girlI didn't say she was perfect, I was saying the situation was, since I don't have any means that I know of to get to meet girls.And don't worry, I don't believe in perfect relationships, I'm more realistic than that.Well I don't have any female friends the girl I was going for ignored my last text, so friends is out of the question I assumeI don't have any hobbies that attract a lot of girls football and video games and even then they have to be single which a lot of women who go out aren't.So this leaves me where to find girls?Give me something concrete.
Let's not go there, man. Each one of us has probably a very polar idea about what that means.
Yep. Nothing means everything.And everything means nothing.Sounds like it's all going tidy doesn't it?
ignored my last textDepending on how long you have been texting that could mean many thingsher tumblrJeezToo late man the scene is oversaturated.
Kinda lost me on that one.
Well of course nothing is in itself profound, the profundity lies in the interaction with the observer. But memes can be just as profound as novels for example. Novels are memes tbh.
not liking the kosher prometheus
mean many thingsWell it was a simple question about movies, I sent her that because she was being cold after she rejected me and I was being a bit more distant as well so I thought I could break the ice with a simple question and then talk further.But she ignored it, add that on top of her being more distant I see it as a clear sign of not wanting to deal with me anymore.And we've been texting for about 2 months, often every daysometimes snapchat instead of textingJeezYeah, goes to show I don't have any crazy standards which is the case with a lot of these tfw no gf types.
Memes operate on many levels and when people discuss /lit/ memes it's usually the self-identified meme. A book is and contains memes true, and can be profound under interpretation, but a lot of books are designed to build a world of non-memes and a persuasive lie is the same as a reality.
My bad I thought you were in school or something, I take it back. Point still stands though - throw your eggs in on basket if you want to feel pain, I mean you could also feel a lot of pleasure, but know if you ever drop that basket - hey, the chicks could even hatch and fly the fuck away - you better be prepared to deal with that hurt, and know you're the one who put them eggs in that basket.I mean yeah, relativism, let's all have different meanings for the same thing - that helps keep data clear and concise doesn't it? It helps when we live in maya - it's like hey I heard you like maya so we got some maya for your maya
Could do with the love
The hurt comes more from the fact that I haven't been this close to a gf in a long time.I had hope for 2 months and then I went back to nothing, it's a harsh thing but I'll manage.Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.
anon last time I had a gf was five years ago and the last time I was interested in someone she completely disappeared from my world just as we were becoming friends so don't take me too seriously.but basically, network. use the groups you are part of to get to events which overlap with other groups and on and on until you find yourself in a crowd which looks like it has potential. You don't have to make friends along the way necessarily.
find some girlsMan they ain't some rare species, you'd apparently be surprised to know they make up about 50% of the human race. Every other person you encounter, could, have, a, vagina.Now, your predicament is the insular nature of humans within a big society - you're considered somewhat weird if you talk to someone you don't know for no particularly good reason, so unless you're James Bond it wouldn't be a good idea to approach girls on the street or in the shop or anything, because you're to conceited already - desperate - your spaghetti would spill tumultuously out of your pockets. Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.Keep up this attitude, in fact you should go to your local nightclub and start shouting this out loud -- it's actually the secret of all time --that's why no one does it - no one knows about it. You're golden OP.. have fun and don't forget your zip ties and lime..
Ok anon, here you go:You probably like something else, you are probably in university, universties have tons of activities, go find something you like and go meet people. Cause it sounds like you are missing a good time there, not even about girls.Go to a party, go to a bar, see some event that you like cause there is bound to be something and call some friends and convince them to go with you.Then go and talk to girls that are there. But don't go as "omg I need to talk to a girl", if you are walking by someone you feel like saying something say something, if it's gonna be a 2 phrase conversation or if you are gonna become good friends or marry, just talk. And talk to guys too anon, cause talking to people is good.If your hobbies doesn't attract girls they probably attract guys that have girls as friends btw.There's probably a girl you see everyday that you wish you could talk to. Protip: you can. Just go there like "ayy grrl I see you everyday around here and I find you very interesting and would like to meet you what do ya say about getting some coffee with me so we can talk bb? ;".Idk anon, go to a fucking starbucks RIGHT NOW and talk some random bullshit with the qt on the line, or ask the qt sitting alone if you can sit with her cause you don't like eating breakfast alone.Just do whatever, you are gonna get "rejected" most of the time, cause guess what, that happens. Just stop been afraid of stuff cause you see girls around everyday and have plenty of opportunities to talk to any and you honestly are probably just afraid of that.If you don't like any of the options here just put your creativity into coming up in something instead of memeing on a chinese lit board for a day.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?
And also next time you are texting a girl sometimes everyday sometimes not only text but snapchat, plz ask her out in less than 2 months anon.
At least you're texting girls. I have no idea how to get hold of a girl's number.
Well, different people have different experiences and through those end up with a different explanations. I'm not really keen on relativism...but that's just the way it seems to be. I'm pretty sure could argue well for my case, phillosophicaly, historicaly or otherwise...but that's not the proper way. I don't want to rob anyone of the experience, and without it there can be a backlash, enantiodomea.The maya thing seems to be real. What can I say? If you're happy with your well-ordered universe, enjoy it. And don't read Sartre.
Nice vague response my friend, you could have condensed it to 2 lines but instead decided to watse your time making it longer.uniI am actually in a garbage school called MBO in the netherlands, it has no clubs of any sorts which is a bummer, I often wish I was born in america just for this.cause talking to people is good.I should absolutely work on that, and don't worry about me coming across as desperate, I only do that on the internet.starbucksDecent advise, when i look at other people and my friend they often make small talk with whoever, when I tend to keep to myself.I thought it was just an insignificant difference between me and other people, but something small like that could perhaps change the negative outlook I have on people in generalwhich makes itunconciouslyharder for me to connect to peopleguess what, that happensI did try to see this latest rejection as something good, instead of waiting and regretting not having tried anything, I went for it and failed, at least I have a clean concious now.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?It is, thanks for your post, it's a quality one.She actually got my number, but I was in your situation as well before and probably am going to be for a while now.We did go on ''sort of'' dates, she asked me out for milkshakes and I actually went to her home town once.I don't know what made her lose interest, maybe she'd just crazy.I went sort of slow with a reason though, she only just turned 18 and had admitted to being a virgin, so I thought maybe if I went too fast I'd scare her off.
ITT guys need to learn that women are people too.
 1. dfw is nothing more than a memeWHAT DID YOU JUST SAY? everybody loves themselves some buzzwordslots of humanities students here indeed john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoyingno, that is genre fictionjohn green is just laughable in way more different levels existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.can't argue with that
They're actually aliens
Cool idea, someone pass that to David Icke, I'm sure he can patch a decent theory or two out of that.
you could have come up with an interesting and original response. I feel devalued by this one.
Good.
typical feminist :
well-ordered universeLook at this ugly piece of shit universe, look at it m8.It looks like a glitterball sharted.;You don't have to argue anything, but to outright say 'No discussion' 'Agree to disagree' does no body any good - for example I'd like to learn, learn from you, and in return, I don't know if you'd like to learn from me, but I could sure help flesh out your ideas with my own personal experience. To deny that would be to feed close-mindedness, and ignorance; at the same though: One is at leisure and can discuss whatever the fuck it is one wants :
Uhh, sure. But there's a few certain phrases that usually don't indicate a potential to a great discussion, e.g. 'worship Satan'.
What's your beef with Satanism?
My tone is constantly sardonic - don't be afrayed nao.
The adversary of infinite if finite - anything finite is satan.But it's a whole fucking lot more complicated than that, and I can't tell whether I've upset some people by talking about it.
You can smash a guitar to bits - will sound cease?
What percentage of posts on this board are sincere? For me it is about 80%
what do you call it when you ironically read new sincerity?
It doesn't fucking matter what's on my mind. That's what's on my mind.
Booms
Memes.
YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAAATIFÚ ALAA YAYA VLATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALVYA LATIFÚ YA LVATIFÚ ALAAAA YA LATIFÚ YAV LATIFÚ ALAVATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚVA LATIFÚ ALAA V
I am afraid of losing her even though I've lost her already.
I just need this goddam internship
I'm forced onto some kind of productive path where I actually think and reflect, I see no opportunities in the near futute for me to actually actI'm not going to lower myself into contacting her after what she did and, for momentum's sake, I shouldn't anyway, I'm mostly done with my friends and I'm nowhere near comfortable enough to express some of the more anti social facets of myself to strangers. Or even meet new people for that matterI want nothing more than for a little baby not literally to be mine. But I don't see that as a possibility any time soon, as I can't connect with new peopleI feel I've swollowed my pride enough for this year, for this girl, for my divinity. And I've spent enough enough time alone for this half centuryFuck it, I'll go back to action. Doing is funner
All I need is to love and be loved.Still, I must be doing something wrong, bc I still feel empty at the end of the day, or when I'm alone.
happiness is only relevant when one is alive, I'll be dead before forever. I was saying happiness doesn't matter now because your happiness didn't matter when you were not born yet, like it won't matter when you die.
I want to be loved again or die.
You will literally never be in the state of death.
Are you me? I have barely had any slept for the last 5 days, and I'm already feeling my sanity slipping away. Fucking finals, man.
Loving you is loving a mythological figure.Is like kissing a stone, or a cloud.I am like a scientist, and you are like a really pretty rock, like a sapphire or whatever. You are like a machine, an incredibly complex series of gears, some so large I am always looking at them, and some so small I will never see them.I want to understand how the machine operates. I want to become you in a moment, press my face against yours, the face of the gear, I mean, and not let go until this process has allowed me to understand you completely, which, of course, it never will. I'm lying to myself when I say it will help me understand you. I want it to help me understand you, and I want to understand you, but what I really want is to be /with/ you. I want it to be undeniable. I want our relationship to be such that any reasonable onlooker could only logically conclude that you and I are TOGETHER. I want you to say that I am with you, and I want to say to you that I am with you and you don't leave, but you are always leaving, you are the INVENTOR of leaving, and I am the inventor of being alone. I want to be with you in such a way that the part of me which cries out when we separate is assuaged entirely. I want that part to die, because it has no reason to exist anymore.You are a frog and I won't forgive myself until I dissect you, because you have a part of me, and you're keeping it in the bulge underneath your mouth and every once in a while you croak and I can see you still have it and I don't want it back. Loving you is complicated but I can't stop trying.
is that her? she is very cute. don't you hate when they're cute, like goddamnit just be ugly and hateable so I can move on
not having the cynical powers to make everyone hateable on command
Not sure about the frog part
I though i'm alienated in this, but i see that most of /lit/ is suffering because of love.
I'm tired of waiting
In reality, she's been more like an ocd game I've played with myselfI can honestly say I think I only care for people insofar as what they can do for me or how they make me feel, in her case it was bothI'm kicked out and, until very recently, I've been staying with her this past 8 months.But the fact is, I've never felt like she was my equal when it's good between us. I'd often start arguments, or pick at her to get some drama going where we'd make up and I'd feel for her more. And I've probably burnt more bridges with family trying to reconnect with me while we were arguing, if I'm being honest with myself I never needed to stay with herBut I did like her best when she was my little baby. I'd interrogate her, put her down etc etc and we'd find a moment of peace where she'd be so sweet, mostly quiet and I'd treat her right. But I think I was afraid that would go away, that the loud slut in her would come back out and I'd ruin itIdkI feel like I need to find the next thing. Maybr hangout with my fembot cousin, because she has some good looking friends And obviously work etcOverall it's the loss of that sweet baby I created that I hate. She doesn't hold enough mystery for me to love any other part of her, and I need to focus on other things than recreating it, because I've really let my life get to shit at this point I'm really tired of this introspective shit. I need to get doingI think I'm more lonely than I admit
I really don't think women, or most people in general are that complicated If you really want to figure her out, just like anything I think, you can throw a bunch of experiments at it and see how it reacts You'll only be mystified if you let yourself be a passive obvserver because, whether she realizes it or not, she's throwing a bunch of experiments at youAnd you aren't proving to be much of a mystery
Eu gostaria de escrever de maneira mais natural em inglês e também em português.Sou um fracasso /lit/erário.
I dont really know how to write music
I wish i had talent
 Two nights ago I had my 2nd lucid dream and I consciously thought about the big bang in it as I know it takes away the bottom off my feet which are nonexistent in dreams to throw me into voids of unknown...
Maudits certes, nous le sommes ; mais l'océan lui aussi n'est qu'un mirroir de plus. Le carrousel incandescent poursuit sa course sans frontières ; bientôt un chat baîllera aux côtés des flots. Et son pelage familier écaille-de-tortue sera taché du sang de plaies mystérieuses qu'ouvrent les appels du lampadaire sauvage et de son frère pavé: la ville respire en ce vieux crépuscule de juin.
Give me a date, we could meet up at a coffee shop or some such
I cant quite put my finger on it but you're changing into your denouement. Everything I gave you is reaching fruition, we're finally equals, and you have no use for me anymore. It's not to my surprise either, but could we at least slow it down? Yesterday I saw you depressed for the first time ever and I realized I don't actually know you, at all. We never talk about our problems, we just laugh near each other.
I'm at work and all I can think is "just fuck my shit up, FUCK IT UP"
I should be writing, or at least reading. Fuck I feel so awful that I'm just sitting doing jack shit here.
I feel destined and alone, with so much dark hard heart, I wanna poke it; watch it flow
I don't know whether I want to pursue music or writing
Mereological nihilism
both will bring either immortality or more likely poverty and depression.
Same here, man.
I wish porn addiction would just be taken seriously for once. If you're addicted to drugs, alcohol, or cigarettes there are tons of ways to get help, but with porn it's almost nonexistent. Hardly anyone seems to believe that it can even be an addiction. I feel so lost.
i seriously hope cognitive dissonance isn't lethal
I wish the one I love would try to follow their dream of becoming a movie director. I know it's their passion and it breaks my heart when they tell me they aren't good enough.
Who - cares?There's easily been days when I've jerked off 15+ times 8 was about the average for a while, and it all literally makes my dick temporarily smallerThe urge goes away eventually. Focus on experiencing life Unrelated but I can tell you're gayHe probably lacks talent and the ability to raise funding
I feel lonely, afraid, and unsure. I have few, if any, opinions or preferences. I want to be exceptionally confident, active, purposeful, and driven. I believe I can change but am frustrated that I haven't. I don't know if I ever will. I try to put myself in new environments by travelling, changing jobs, reading but so far to no avail; who I am doesn't really change. I just keep trying to be different, but I stay the same.
I wish Arthur Rimbaud were still alive
I WANNABE ACADEMIC CONFIDENT AND ROOMANTICBUT III JUST FEEL WEEIRRD AND OVERDRAMATIC DAILY REMINDER. THAT III, AM PATHETTICWHEN YOU'RE SURROUNDED BY IT, IT'S HARD TO FORGET IT
I can tell you're gayGirl, actually. I've just learned not to make mention of being a girl on here, even indirectly. I was trying to be as discreet as possible.
G O U D AOUDA
Hardly anyone seems to believe that it can even be an addiction.The urge goes away eventually. Focus on experiencing lifePoint made. You weren't addicted, and that's great not even being sarcastic, but that doesn't mean the addiction doesn't exist. You haven't been there or seen someone go through it, therefore you won't understand how much of a problem it can be.
I'm on a break which will end in about 30 minutes. After that, I have to work for four hours. Gladly, the only person around me is my close friend, so I'm not going to do much working; 'working' is what I'll do. Then, I'll go for a swim once I'm done with all this and read something or shitpost on 4chan. Sleep comes soon after that.Repeat.What am I doing with my life?ad nauseum
Was writing about contemporary times considered kitsch in the past as it is now?
$lut ;;
LONDON
Just don't mention gender or any aspect of identity, that's the point. We're anonymous.
I get that and I would like it to be that way, but in the same thread where I mentioned my husband and got called an attention whore for saying I was a girl, at least one guy made mention of his girlfriend.I realize now that it really isn't that important, though. Life goes on and people on the internet's opinions don't matter.
Fallout 4 is making me orgy right now

didn't know it was announced yet, thanks.nursing a firm erection right now tbh
Trailer looks fucking shit.
i'm a girl btwkill you'reself
tits
This is not how it works, summerfags. Why are summerfags even on /lit/ ffs?
FightTheNewDrug. It is a serious thing.
I dreamed about her last night She was with another guy, a new boyfriend. I guess at one point she started fucking him in the living room, with people around, and another guy that was there the boyfriend's friend, I thinktook her and started fucking her and she came I think caring is like a tight ropeThe guy she fucked that morning, or who I'm pretty sure she did, is a little dicked faggot with a sloppy body and a face not as good looking as mine. He's popular, but I consider that popularity to be s bubble, he acts like a fucking child. To his face I call him Nickelodeon, periodically bully him for little things, and he dick rides meBut he still has me beat me by farI always told myself that if I wanted to keep hitting someone when they wanted to stop, I could. I did that last time, without even feeling like fighting. I only care about myselfA slut is someone meant to be used. A person is someone there for me to useI am a godAnd I have to fuck fuck fuck the people that try to fuck me;___;I'm not faggot
How does it feel?To treat me like you doWhen you've laid your hands upon meAnd told me who you are
I'm not, but being in love is better than being virtually emotionally dead, like me.
A friend of mine keeps inviting me round his house and we always end up fucking. I really don't find him attractive but he kind of expects me to stay round overnight and as we sleep in the same bed he starts to dry hump me and I always acquiesce though hate myself during and after the sex. He keeps indirecting me on Twitter about how much he loves being friends with benefits. I don't want to be rude and just say no but I've slowly started to hate everything about him. He's one of these really camp melodramatic gays and I'm actually on the edge of despising him. Worse is I'm bi and out but like to keep my gay sex life pretty secret yet he keeps telling people about it. He even told my crush who is a qt Asian girl and his best friend and I thought she might be attracted to me but now her affections have become all frosty.
Then don't go
Or just tell him no, and that you just want to be friends with no benefits. Most people are reasonable about that sort of shit if you confront them with it out in the open and be honest about it.
Maybe you've developed some sort of redness and itching somewhere....
Good idea
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
tfw your life is captured by a song called "crywank"
wait you can get prostate cancer?I was wanking it 3 times per day past 7 years even when i had girlfriends and had almost daily sex.
I feel so fucking stupid and slow-minded and dirty. In in the bottom 5% of /lit/, no doubt. I don't even like to read.
I'm sorry, but if you don't like to read, go somewhere else. People shitposting about things not related to literature are actively killing this board.
I want to read the Iliad but I'm sort of disappointed that I can't read Homeric Greek and everybody's recommending different translations.
I'm too good for this place.
nice shining amore white night
I am 23 years old and have girl that could probably be called a girl friend but really, why put a label on things. We have sex frequently. It's pretty good. Most of the time she orgasms, more times than me though. Sometimes my dick will just die, right then and there, mid thrust, yet I'm still turned on wanting to go and go and go till my heart gives out. Usually it's my lungs that give out first. I get so out of breath that I can't thrust anymore but I haven't came yet, and my little guy won't help either. We can't just switch between her on top and me on top ad nauseum, now can we? I think it's starting to get to the point where this girl I've been shacking up with is starting to feel unattractive. Maybe we drink too much. We're like drinking buddies but we like to shag. Fuck I love alcohol but I love to fuck. Maybe I should take up jogging.
The rich texture of the chocolate biscuit, with its mildly bittersweet cranberries, dark chocolate chips and a hint of caramel, seduced my mind to harken back to a time in my gay and innocent youth. 'twas when I was a spry, sure-headed yet naive lad of nineteen summers at Yale. The youth who would become me, as I am today, was walking along the fine gravel pathways among the old buildings of the campus, away from a concluded lecture hall where I just previously took an exam. Now, when I say 'took the exam,' I do not mean to say that I wasted time studying to struggle for a grade, mind you. No, that would be a most pedestrian thing to put oneself through... 'oneself' to mean one who has the brains to know how foolish such a means to an end would be. The professor, one Hans Grunning, a rotund, red-faced yet wise-for-his-years man of 38, was sure to keep me in his good graces. A major part of this reason was a partiality to my father, who had just barely kept him alive in the trenches as the both of them, nary but boys at the time, were fighting for God, Country, and their very lives in the Great War. The both of them had spent a long time overseas, and though Grunning had lost his right leg to the audacity of Austria-Hungary, he had the financial support of my father's family fortune and the opportunity to continue his college education at the school where he now works, to keep him afloat.As such, the good Grunning thought it pleasant to invite me for tea and biscuits at his office. As great minds do think alike, not that you would know of these things, I was keen to agree on such a visit, and would have been on a path that would take me directly there. That is, were my mind not preoccupied with Agatha. Agatha. Now, THAT is a name that takes me back a ways, let me tell you. So, what do you think? Is it snooty enough?
NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER
shining amore white nightamorenightVery sweet voluntary misspellings, anon : 
ten cue
Tired of being alone for 23 years with no one to hold me. Most of my family is dead now, my father who was also my best friend is gone and I am alone.I have been rejected by almost everyone. Why then does my brain repeatedly believe that tomorrow will be the day that the world changes for me? Am I a fool or resilient sap?
love you friend
I am a product of experience. everything I think has been influenced by the televisiom I watch and the websites I read. All the consitutes me is a remix past experiences. I don't exist. Either does anyone else. there's no new ideas, it seems that everything new is a reboot or a remix of something older. television. music is shit. books are shit. even the religions of the world are remixes of past religions. christianity is judaism and gnosticism. judaism id canaanite and with sumerian and babylonian influence. hinduism is vedic which is based on proto indo-european and indo-iranian beliefs. I wonder greater if it is even possible to make anything new any more. Has man lost his ability to create.
You are an ass.
My reading comprehension skills are at an all time low. I keep getting in arguments with people online and misunderstanding what they're saying and then I say something unrelated and look and feel like an idiot.I feel like a literal retard.
I am the happiest I've been in three years.This, too, shall pass.
Reading Naked LunchWHATTHEFUCK?Ohh is that a boner?
kek
I'm used to being called an idiot on 4chan.But something about being called an idiot on social media, where it's not anonymous, that gets to me.For the first time I'm starting to believe it.
Nothing definitely exists.
I might be the only one in human history who couldn't fuck his fuckbuddy.
i should get back to writing holy fuck it's 2pm only 6 more hours where has time gone need to feed my snail agghhhhhh gotta exercise before i forget have no more piss bottles oh god maybe i can just distribute my piss into all seven bottles fuck i dropped my olive and it went into the piss
DAMN I FUCKING LOVE LIFENo, seriously. I love it. EVERY. SINGLE. BIT. OF. LIFE. Flowing through my veinasnsoisuifhfiabandAAHH ITS BEAUTIFULFASDDOY YOU LOVE LIFE BIROOTHERS AND SISTERS?!?!?! YES IOR NO ANSWER ALRADYAND PLEASE SPRSHARE THE MSESAHEJEG
This rice is too tasty and too cold
She's undoubtedly guilty of that, and other things I'm kind of disgusted by how much of a slut she is, and how she's lied about it. She gave me close to no grounds with her lies and kind had me subconsciously floating in doubt The thought is largely defeatist, because I may one day want to, but I don't think I'll ever know the extent of her lies, and how much she's really done. But some sick shit to say the least This past 5 years was something like a misguided game. I was kicked out, into the third home: my paternal grandparents I was 18 and I started hanging out with friends outside of a school setting for the first time. One of the only people from highschool that I had kept in contact with before switching to independent study, a 21 year old who I used to get to steal alcohol for me, and who had acted as my weed dealer, seemed to have went through a transformation. He now dressed ghetto, and went from the yes man of another loser, to kind of the center of a large group he had helped connect. Most of them were 16This was when the group had begun splitting into factions and, as I realize now, kind of ditching the guy I knew. His name is Vick.The main people we'd hang out with was a 15 year old, kind of cute girl named Lani, a 13 year old not even joking loud mouth, aggressive girl named Dez.Sometimes a couple: 16 year old skater named Meech, and an attractive 18 year old named Melody, who I remembered from highschool as a quiet girl that I faintly knew was known as a slut.Before leaving regular highschool after my sophomore year, I was coming into my own, starting to get attention from girls, and went from being embarrassed by not knowing people to hangout with during breaks to being kind of well known, though still not a huge talker outside of my circle I had spent the past 2 years in relative solitude, the past year developing and completing my theories on metaphysics and philosophy not jokingI was ready to experience life. I wanted to have a fun social life I could be proud of, I saw this new group as a stepping stone that I hoped to soon be done with I liked Lani and I wanted to fuck Melody. Needless to say I was a virgin and ready to lose itIn action though, I was awkward. I had no real social skills, and instead of letting myself be quiet and develop friendships, I completely faked being social. But soon, with and only with, Vick Lani and Dez, there was a period of intense friendship and inside jokes being made dailyAnd I was some kind of pushover. Me and Lani bought the alcohol, and often food, for the 4 of us while Vick acted like a Jew Not a lot of people liked Vick, who was a compulsive lying people pleaser that tried to act like a thug, and I'd always be fighting or ready to fight for him, which is a real talent of mine
It's hot.The uncomfortableness of being hot is making me anxious. Anxiety is a shit tier form of suffering.
Who's this cum slut succubus?
I had an issue with trying too hard to connect with acquaintances, I'd be overly animated, overly enthusiastic and all over the place. It's funny now when some people say I've changed and became mean and angry, which is kind of true, but they don't realize how fake I was back thenBecause of my social retardation, and the fact that Vick kind of acts as some kind of animated mockery of who he wants to be, we melded well together obviously combined with a lot of drinking to compensate for, I think, the fact that we all hated, and still hate ourselvesI live in the bay area. During 6th grade, pop culture took a strong shift toward rap, combined with reaching adolescence, this has created for some humorous character traits among the more autistic people among my age group, and some very annoying characteristics among the social people Because of the quality of the people I know, the autistic traits above are common, to varying degrees dependent upon intelligence. It's inauthentic and pretty annoying Because of the general area in the east bay that I grew up in, even the traits of the more social people described above are still common. They seemed to have missed the [indy?] and modern hip hop movementsTo make these matters worse, I had a reputation that proceeded me, and not a good one. Because a computer programmer friend I had met online was gay, Vick would literally turn around to the people that kind of bullied him, and who he expected me to put in check if need be, and talk shit about me, saying I was gay. Worse, everyone seemed to know that I was in love with a slut who fucked everyone but me though this was directly by my choice, and maybe butthurt, and a lot of suppressed jealousy and angerThe first night I met Lani, I blacked out. That night I made out with her, and apparently another girl at a party that my popular female cousin invited me to. The next time I met her and we madeout, which was forced on my part, and she said I didn't kiss the same; implying I both had less game and was a shittier kisser when not blacked out.After that, there was first a certain, expected sexual tension between us. Some jealousy toward my getting close with Melody for the day her and Meech were briefly broken up, then not much of anythingI was socially retarded, no one I knew adored me much yet, this was before I became known for my fighting and I honestly don't think they liked me much. But somewhere along the line, that changed. Meech went to jail and I'd sometimes makeout with Melody. She didn't really have much of a personality, because of her breath and the amount she'd sometimes eat, I knew she was bulimic. I also figured she had been molested. Because of all this, I'd be rough with her. I'd grab the back of her neck when she said something autistic, I'd bend and contort her body for no reason. She just took it all like it was natural. One day she at least pretended to get very drunk and aggressively tried to have sex with me
I was ultimately a deer caught in headlights. I'd make out with her hard, treat her like a sub - but I was too much of a bitch, and was kind of turned off my her desperation and one point the autistic slut was screaming fuck me fuck meI think that if I had sex with her then, my life today would be very different-Today, I haven't seen Melody in years. She's apparently happy with her supposed fun, autistc boyfriend. I know Meech didn't treat her well, I definitely wouldn't have, and she ended up cheating on this other guy. This guy is probably her speed, and I'm happy for her, but if I hung out with them, I would be sure to grope Melody while having fun talking to the guy, I know she'd be too afraid to start drama to say anything, and I know this would prep her to cheat on him when I got her alone, pushed her in a corner and pulled my dick out to make her suck it -Seeing Melody was an intermittent occurrence, and I didn't like her a ton. I wanted to get closer with Lani. I told her I was starting to really have feelings for her, while feeling nothing. She wouldn't kiss me, and she seemed distant when I tried to get affectionate. The best she gave me was holding my hand at a distance. I felt a little disgusted with myself and the fact that she wouldn't like meSome combination of me acting autistic, her sensing my lack if sincerity, her thinking that me and Melody were probably fucking, and probably the fact that she was fucking with another guy at the time. Her mom dropped me off at my grandparent's. I called my mom to yell at her for no reason while I banged on the cabinets. A few nights later me, Lani and Vick met up his ex, Ashley. A trashy looking girl his ageWe were at a park, me and Lani over here, Vick and Ashley over there, listening to this song - can't remember the fucking name, the edm beats, the sound of the lyrics, along with that time in life for me had this dark mystifying feeling. The lyrics themselves were terrible, but that song, my shitty Metro phone with a different number because I had lost my iPhone days after this story after blacking out, with It's watery dinging ring tone. Waking up at my grandparents house. Hanging out with Vick and us deciding 'lets call the girls', them answering thinking the same thing, experimenting at being a player with Melody, being socially retarded. Blacking out. The feeling of belonging, All define this period of time for me - the four of us left, with me and Lani holding hands. The thought of her was starting to feel pretty fucking cozy.We'd periodically kiss and she'd say it didn't feel right. I was nervous, the kiss wasn't amazing, but I now realize that it came from her lack of self esteem. She was wondering if I was just trying to get in her pants.The four of us made it to a log, and decided to hang out there.As me and Lani were holding eachother, my feelings for her were genuine; I had never previously felt so close to a girl
The 'other guy' Melody cheated on was my friend RobNot her current boyfriend
lost at sea
This fucking coffee taste like turtle piss!!! and where's my goddamn cigarettes?
Two points. An exercise in dual life, NBA and a literature board. I never thought of sportsmen as gladiators but I recently saw the metaphor somewhere and lost amidst the drivel of metaironic bullshit I've been getting used to listen to and read. You know, farm kids always kind of fascinated me. Their innocence, even if just a façade or ruse. The way they're pagans in the strictest sense of the word. They aren't phased, you see. They just keep on fucking living and fuck you if you try to get in my way you fucking ghetto boy, and by ghetto I mean the city at large all the irony and postmodernism and the betatude crawling and seeping out of the fucking drainpipes. Gladiators it is; no other name to call that persistent underclass of sycophants and philistines. Exploitation or isolation seems to be our dilemma.
I just realised that although I have read or watched dozens of parodies or re-imaginings, I have never read the Arthurian legend itself.Which book is best King Arthur?
and then the Britbong said "What rapes? Stop being racist towards those peaceful Muslims"
You should consider watching Fate Stay Night. Picture related: King Arthur.
TENNYSONENNYSON
cf. 
Start with Mallory. Old english is a piece of piss. Then Tennyson and then TH White. Then pick which you like best.
Do you ever feel like your writing skills aren't up to par for writing the pieces you really want to write? I feel like this, and feel that some practice works are a good route.Opinions?
Opinions?I want to fuck that building. Is there a name for this fetish of mine?
how do you 'fuck' a building?
I NEED TO LEARN MORE WORDS
I know anon, I know, just let me figure this out.
Was Alec a bad guy?
let's glimpse the futurewas alec a bad guy?yeswhy?he raped tessendless shitpost thread ensues roughly split 50:50 between some shit about morality and some shit about womenall posted by people that look like pic related
Yes. I really liked him as a character, especially during his brief fling with Christianity, and how Angel convinced him out of it through Tess even though she had no idea what she was saying. I think Hardy is fucking awesome at portraying characters who are in shock after having major parts of their identity/worldview destroyed, e.g. when Alec is yanked out of piety, Tess after the rape, Angel after returning from Brazil. Anyway, more on topic, I think Alec represents aristocracy at large and how shitty it treated the poor, esp. women. I guess he was a victim of the sort of aristocratic mentality. Even though he told Tess he only converted to try to save his soul I think he was genuinely somewhat regretful and wanted redemption. I think Angel and Alec are interesting in that both sort of only find half-redemptions, actually. Alec is close to Christianity but then loses it, Angel gets Tess back for a fraction but the damage is done at that point and she's quickly killed.
Are you talking about the scene in the woods, the on in which he goes looking for a path home?
Yes. That was the scene in which he raped Tess.
Was Alec a big guy?
Yes. That was the scene in which he raped Tess.I wasn't sure if she'd been raped or not. The fact that Tess was already asleep on the ground with tears on her eyelashes when he got back made the scene a bit awkward.
she was definitely raped. the rest of the book makes that quite clear. i think hardy meant for it to be ambiguous, as the book was heavily censored at the time the first printing as a serial removed all mention of her baby for example but this is clearly a story about rape.
i think so. he thought he could make the world bend to his will because of his wealth and power. turned out to heavily backfire.
So it's indicated after the fact then? I've only just finished the chapter with the supposed rape.
why don't you wait until you've finished the book to discuss it aye?
also it's pretty clear what alec wants from her e.g. sex that she won't give him and so when he finds her asleep and helpless......connect the dots. also the comment about "out of the frying pan into the fire" right before she gets on his horse etc. etc. it's clear what hardy is doing in the scene.
Because I've been pondering this scene and I as anxious as to whether or not I would understand it my good sir
Did everyone read the entire James O. Incandenza filmography?
Infinite Cage. Fun w/Boats. Joelle was actually burned with acid.
filmographyread
I did. Much of it was senseless but is quite the kind of shit a director like him would come up with. If you are going to endure the Infinite Meme at least have the decency of reading the god damn end notes.
I can't afford a teleputer and all those cartridges. I be cry.
Of course. It's a four page footnote or something, why would you not read it? I really don't get it.
Looks like someone didn't "get it". For shame.
Nah, I "got it", but I'm talking about the movies' contents. Nothing that hard to understand.
antsworth classics
Is this a Jest for ants?
yes. my favourite ones are the Cages.“Cage II” - B.S. Latrodectus Mactans Productions. Cosgrove Watt, Disney Leith; 35 mm; 34 minutes; black and white; sound. Sadistic penal authorities place a blind convict Watt and a deaf-mute convict Leith together in 'solitary confinement,’ and the two men attempt to devise ways of communicating with each other. LIMITED CELLULOID RUN; RE-RELEASED ON MAGNETIC VIDEO“Cage III - Free Show” - B.S. Latrodectus Mactans Productions/Infernation Animation Concepts, Canada. Cosgrove Watt, P.A. Heaven, Everard Maynell, Pam Heath; partial animation; 35 mm; 65 minutes; black and white; sound. The figure of death Heath presides over the front entrance of a carnival sideshow whose spectators watch performers undergo unspeakable degradations so grotesquely compelling that the spectators’ eyes become larger and larger until the spectators themselves are transformed into gigantic eyeballs in chairs, while on the other side of the sideshow tent the figure of Life Heaven uses a megaphone to invite fairgoers to an exhibition in which, if the fairgoers consent to undergo unspeakable degradations, they can witness ordinary persons gradually turn into gigantic eyeballs. INTERLACE TELENT FEATURE CARTRIDGE #357-65-65
how does one make the fake wordsworth covers?
eh, too big, you can see the poor shopping
Photoshop, mspaint, or gimp I guess?
I made the IJ one and the GR one in paint.net. It's just a simple cutting and pasting, removing the background. Hardly complex stuff.
Yeah it's not perfect, and I didn't align the title properly, so it's a little off and it's driving me crazy now. Although you can blame it on wordsworth if you like.
i thought the filmography was one of the more clever parts of the entire book
It is my favourite
The Gravity's Rainbow one was a lot better.
for me it was second to the recovery house brawl Emmet? Ennett?
not reading the end notesA lot of his movies were based on events that really happened to him
Mario Meets USS Milicent KentClipperton SagaEschatonHal & Orin phonersPemulis Paranoia Kate's depression
Opie here, I'm reading all the endnotes as they show up, I was just wondering if everyone else did too or if some people ignored them altogether or for some reason waited until after finishing the main text to read them.
MASH chapterPemulis' more human momentsTPGOAT's backstory conclusionJames O helping his dad move a mattressThe Wheelchair Assassins killing the canadian shop ownerThe last two chapters holy shit
spend 3 months studying poetic theory in my spare timefinally reading to writenothing to say
Perfect. Now just print out the blank document, frame it, and sell it to an art collector for six million dollars
reading so much that you put reading instead of ready. just give it some time to ferment, anon.or write some prose instead, faggotselect all pizza
reminded me of that part near the end of Stoner
At least you are smart enough to realize it. Good job.
write about how you spent 3 months learning and then you didn't had anything meaningful to say because of your alienation with the world
Shit OP, I'm in the same situation and did exactly what  said.
spend a year studying critical theory, modern metaphysics, Aristotle, german and french poetry, modernist literature, and phenomenology/political ontology realize everything I had set out to write about throughout the course of my research has already been written about and well explored in the past 20 years
I'm not a hermit or anything. I have experiences, they're just boring and would make shitty poems.
contrary to popular belief dante did not, in reality, descend into hell with virgil
he was exiled though, and that was pretty intense
But it wasn't just a poem about a guy who went to hell was it? Dante had something meaningful to say and he put it into a beautiful narrative poem. I have nothing meaningful to say.
How can you be so sure m8?
meaningful to saydoes a book because of butthurt where everyone he didn't like suffered intense pains in hell while he laughed at them
Not everyone needs to write great works. Most people are just readers.
Approaching any experience from the right angle and with good enough prose can make a great poem.
with good enough prose can make a great poem.prosepoemyou dworked up bud
prosepoem
That's what you get for studying poetic theory
make two-lines posts on Dantemanages to prove he hasn't read the ComedyAmusing how you manage to be wrong in four different ways in a single sentence.
any books on contemporary poetic theory that isn't just academic poetics speak?
There's a new Reynolds out, anyone read it?
Nope, I usually wait a while before getting new science fiction so it can be cheaper at a second hand store on amazon. While we're here though, what's your favorite Reynolds book? Mines pushing ice, got an autographed copy.
This is awesome... Anything else similar ? An unabashed look at the human condition type novel?
ulyssesgravity's rainbow
Brothers Karamazov
Just dropped in to see what condition my condition is in.
Well, it's the third book in a trilogy, but it's fine, nobody really reads them in order because they're all very different and written by different authors. The first book in the trilogy is Ulysses by James Joyce and the second is Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon.
Most well known novels, reallyif you want to get specific I would recommend A La Recherche Du Temps PerduGood postLol
This. If you liked one part of the meme trilogy you'll probably like the whole thing.
This wasn't funny the first time you posted it.
Fair enough, though I wasn't the one who originally posted it.
I hope you're happy
I'm happy, hope you're happy too.
What is the best genre of literature and why is it German Romanticism?
GermanRomanticism
I've never read Gœthe
Angloplebs will NEVER experience the marvels of Holderlin, Novalis, Heine, and Kleist.
Anyone reading M.Z Danielwski's 'The Familiar' yet? Better than HoL or still pretty same-level stuff
fuck that guy
tell us how you really feel
GIMMICKYIMMICKY
I presume you subscribe to the 'he's just that pretentious word-art guy' chain of thought?
a question though - just looking quickly at a definition - are gimmicks necessarily bad? whose to say although a gimmick it cannot be a great one?
how does he even get the Word page to turn that waytalent
go to bed Mark
So how's the progress on your first book?What's the synopsis of your idea? What's your influence behind the book - what authors do you think have rubbed off in your own writing?
Tarantino and sam hyde, it's about man vs retail
Steadily grinding to a screeching halt every passing day. I think I'll have to lay it off for a while.Blair Witch Project meets /x/ meets Tao Lin meets Baudrillard meets I like shiny lights and hypnagogic pop.McCarthy / Lin / alt lit generalThey Live, now with edge, dirty jokes and blud?
Nope!
Mines about a blind guy who don't blind no more.
Finished.The most detailed synopsis I'll post on /lit/:Some dude diesStuff happens to people as an indirect result of itMy biggest influences at the time were Nabokov, Pinecone, and John Hawkes.
I begun writing about a girl I liked in college and it's turned into an abstract metaphor filled exploration of depression amongst males, oedipus complexes and flawed personalities.Think The Bell Jar but re-written by Thomas Pynchon, focusing on a man instead of a woman.Pynchon is an obvious influence, but I also think Dostoevsky's articulation and exploration of misanthropy is working its way into here too.
How long do people think their works are going to be?I want to write a debut that's short, maybe just under 100 pages. Then people can read it quickly and if it's liked, it could possibly be shared around as swiftly as it was read.
It's about an atheist priest who starts believing he's god after a while. It's a critique/satire about modern religion and politics in my country. The book deals with themes like isolation, social phobia and insanity.Tolstoy and Dostoevsky are my main influences, but there are some really great Brazilian realists I like to base my work on.
I kind of feel the same, even though I'm aiming for a somewhat bigger word count - 50k maybe, even 40. I have no idea.
hypnagogic pop.Interesting you associate a particular genre with your intended writing style; sometimes I think I'd like to capture the ethos of Boards of Canada in my writing. Slint's Spiderland is another music related source of inspiration for me.
Influenced heavily by F Scott Fitzgerald. Aiming for a 65k word count.
Shitty synopsis cause I haven't worked it all out yetSet amidst the throbbing excess of the 1980's, a high school dropout turned pornstar loses himself in the seedy underbelly of Los Angeles. Owing a large sum to his drug dealer/club funder, he has to repay his debts by starring in obscene pictures - from reprehensible fetishes to snuff. Bret Easton Ellis, Jay McInerny, plebs for /lit/ I guess
Funny that you should mention that - The Campfire headphase is one of the albums I have in my rotation when I write. How do you try and capture that?
this thread, manfuck your heroesfuck forcing 'important' themesfuck trying to be like pynchon or anybody elseself-impressed teens and 20-somethings need to cool it on the pynchon. they use it as a shorthand to say "i'm a super intelligent guy. look at me." and the editors who have to read your shit for a living hate you for it."Find your own voice" is cliche as hell, but you NEED to do that shit. All your favorite writers became your favorite writers because they developed their unique styles and interests. It sounds like most of you are just reading "How to be a Very Serious Male English major: For Dummies."
well, whatever i write will be as anti-pomo as literarily possible.
Most writers are influenced by writers before them.
being this stupid
Sounds a little like something Palahniuk would write tooIt's not like I'm trying to imitate Pynchon, honestly. I really enjoy his use of metaphor and I don't think my metaphors would be as abstract as his, but reading his work feels like a main motivation for myself to explore the extent in which I can take a metaphor. I really only mention Pynchon because of his metaphor usage. I don't believe I'm going to write something as esoteric as GR.
Oh yeah palahniuk too although I've only read Choke.
How effective is self-publishing work via Amazon? I ask those who have already done it. Seeing that the majority of the competition seems written by dyslexic teens, surely good work would rise to the top, right?
How do you try and capture that?I'm not sure if I do. Campfire Headphase is my favorite BOC album though; the LP's album sleeves have these hazy images that look like something lifted from a family's family vacation home-video in the 70s but with the faces obscured. I think that is the feeling I want to capture: reminiscing on one's childhood in to abscond from the present, to retain what time has eroded, yet not being able to return there. That is at least what I hear from BOC's Campfire, although their other albums evoke different feelings.
surely good work would rise to the top, right?yeah? - ever heard of the expression, 'shit floats..'?
Have you ever thought to yourself, "Man, I'd really like to read some book that some guy wrote and self-published on Amazon?" Nobody else has, either.The few self-published works that got popular usually latched to some forum community or other and later spread through word of mouth. There is no hope.
palahniuklol yeah be careful b/c i'm pretty sure he trolls /lit/ for edgy novel ideas at this point. it's been 19 years, and he's written 17 books. watch out for fight club 2!!
I'd love to read something like that, honestly. I'm a sucker for nostalgia that's doomed to fail, for the cartography of the past. That's why Gummo is my favourite movie.
Point taken. If I think my writing's good enough, I should try approaching a publisher and ask for feedback then?
lmao palahniuk is that you?
I'm curious about this as well.
no don't be insulting :
Totally in concept stage. Science fiction with heavy emphasis on cybernetics and body augmentation, not cyberpunk but more transhumanist stuff. Gonna try for hard science fiction with only a very light bit of science fantasy.The main character is some former captain of industry who intentionally dropped off the public radar a few decades prior, but still has a lot of pull and influence to throw around if he wants to do so. He also happens to be the most altered human alive, to the point where he doesn't even bother to look human anymore.He makes a rare public appearance and shit happens, standard coincidental bullshit that pulls apathetic individuals into the role of protagonist.That's about it right now, trying to figure out how the major conflict is gonna change and evolve and how to keep my apathetic protagonist involved in everything without it being contrived.Fuck that noise. I want this to be a great american novel, so I'm not afraid of a big word count. It will probably never happen, but aim big man. I would rather reach too far and fail than not reach far enough and be disappointed in myself.
I'm about 30% done on the newest draft of the first volume after having almost finished it once before I threw it all away, which might keep happening. I've thought of a way to pack what I have so far in as a short novel though so I'm probably mailing it to a publisher next week.It's very recognizable so I don't want to say much, but it's like a fragmented, very varied catalog of the horrors of the universe culminating in an exasperated acceptance of Christianity or at least some higher power.Important influences are Dostoyevsky !, Emily Brontë, Marcel Proust, Wittgenstein, Joyce, Kierkegaard, Yukio Mishima, Karl Ove Knausgaard, Thomas Mann. Some important non-literary are Hideo Kojima and Florence Welch. Pleb, you may say, but undeniable.Fingers crossed.
Fair play, man, I like your optimism
I have a million ideas that zip and dance in my head all day, everyday. Just not when i actually commit to sitting down and writing anything. I want to write. It aches in my brain when i don't. Where do you go after you've decided you want to write something, lit?
Ugh, I started a book about a new sincerity retelling of a greek type myth but gave up 20 pages in.
Thought about writing a satire of nihilism with an emperor/empress who exhibits Nietzsche's ideas. Honestly seems good if it can be done as a dark satire, but it's looking pretty grim at this point :
Invent a premiseInvent major charactersInvent plotInvent conflict to advance the plotCreate an outline to figure out how to bring these things together, nothing detailed but something to get it on paper so you can look at itStart writing a bit to get a feel for tone and mood as well as how you want to utilize the characters, don't worry too much about the exact language and grammar and stuff. This is just a rough draft so the point is for it to be written, not be perfectGo back to the outline and amend it appropriately based on what you learned, be more detailed this timeStart from the beginning, use your first rough draft as a basis, never throw anything away if you can help itIf you get stuck either go back to the outline and see what you can tweak to make it right or just try to power through it until you hit your stride againOnce you finish a full draft, read through it critically and use that to write a new draftThe purpose is revision, but it helps to start from scratch using your old draft as a guide, that way you don't get too attached to flawed stuff because you at the very least have to type it out again even if it was perfect the first timeDo this at least twice, so you should have at least three full drafts, each better than the lastFind people to do editing work and prereadingHold their balls in a vice to make sure they don't try to treat you with kid gloves, make sure they can tell you that your writing sucks if it sucksUse their feedback to fix any major issues in another draftSit down and bash your head against the wall editing it properly???Get published???Profit?
If it's looking grim, then all it needs is a joke.
there's nothing less funny than black comedy
Is that why Robin Williams killed himself?God damnit, that will never not be sad...
I have a prologue and the first chapter done out of 18 chapters. The book is about a former Redpole in a prominent Chinese Triad traveling to Alaska in his old age to find and exact revenge upon another Redpole who killed his father in 1992. While in Alaska, he lives with a woman who escaped the harsh life of Compton California to become a promininent programmer for a startup in San Francisco, only to crack and have to leave it all behind to live a calm life in this Alaskan town. Throughout the novel we learn more about both these characters, and they grow closer together. The Chinese man watched his parents get beaten to death by a mob of redguards during the Cultural Revolution, and he is taken to live in the countryside of Manchuria. There he kills a Redguard who lives with the village, and is then adopted by a Shanghai detective who hopes to correct the course of his life. This man takes him in and gives him the identity of his deceased son. He then grows to become a detective himself, with a wife and child. Then his adoptive father is killed by a Triad hitman and this person leaves his life in Shanghai behind to become a Triad member to find this guy. 23 years later he finds out the man he is looking for has taken to this town. The girl he lives with grew up with a brother and her father. After her father commits suicide, she is raised by her brother who is gradually pulled into a life of crime. After he is arrested and put into prison for being an accessory to murder, she goes into the foster system. She performs well in school and manages to escape, but feels intense shame for where she came from, and has great feelings of resentment towards her brother. These two characters grow together and influence their respective journeys through the story. They will both come to question and re-evaluate the choices they've made in life, as well as what they define as "justice".
I'll screenshot this. Thanks bro.
Influences include Hong Kong cinema especially the Killer, the Sopranos, Twin Peaks, Mad Men, the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo mostly in regards to the setting and Call of the Wild. I want the focus of the book to be a philosophical character study of these two deeply flawed people rather than on the visceral "hunt" for the assassin. I also want the story to contrast big problem moments in both China and America Rodney King Riots, Tiannamen Square, the Cultural Revolution, police brutality, etc..... Each chapter will be named after a hexagram of the I'Ching. The book will open with a quote from Plato about the meaning of Justice, and will close with a quote from Mao calling the youth of the country to go forward and forge their destiny. The book with be structured episodically with each chapter containing an enclosed story centered on a particular theme or message. I've barely started on this though so I'll probably have to dump half this shit by the end of it.
Sure thing, but don't be suprised or disappointed if this doesn't work for you. Everyone has their own process and it might take you longer to figure out what works for you.The important thing is that you put words on a page. Doesn't matter if they are shit at first so long as you end up with something that you feel comfortable with at the end of your revision process. Your process isn't so much as a writing technique as it is a technique to make you spend time writing and revising shit, it's your technique to defeat your natural apathy and anxiety for writing.
200 words exactly, of which I'm only mildly ashamed. That's good.My book handles survival during the occupation in Japan. Since I'm not Japanese I'm already writing out of my ass, but let's trust ina having a audience which does not careb having a audience which does not knowc having no audience at all :-
Plus, it's fiction so you can make shit up all you want
If people haven't seen this post yet, I just want to support that it's actually fantastic advice.
What do I do if English is not my first language?Should I give up?
No, keep at it. You might get good.
You should kill yourself for consider to give up for not having English as first language.
These sound awesome. Have you ever thought to yourself, "Man, I'd really like to read some book that some guy wrote and self-published on Amazon?Kind of, yeah. I wish that style of distribution could take off with actually well written stuff instead of fanfiction porn.
What's your first language?
I'm currently writing a piece of speculative fiction/science fiction which is drawing inspiration from my pre-imagined ideas of cyberpunk and things like Neuromancer.The whole thing is a vehicle to explore information-age culture, technology addiction, the effect of media and information on culture and psychological behaviour as well as me trying to be postmodernist without sucking at it too hard.I have a little over 10k words written and I have no idea how many it will take to complete, but I assume somewhere in the 80-120k at the very most.
Anonymous06/03/15Wed07:16:43 No.66326571916.A young english man about to graduate college and become a teacher himself learns that the woman he intends to make his wife has been unfaithful and is going to marry a man he despises. Broken-hearted, he enlists in the military to fight the Germans in France. Whisked away into a life unfamiliar, he becomes the newest machine gunner in the remnants of a unit of misfits and borderline criminals. To make things worse He's saddled with the company of an Infantile, fat, gunners assistant named Thomas, whose father, a baker, kicked him out of the house for being useless. The two endure raids, sneak attacks, tanks, gas, shellings, and even the cruelness of their own compatriots as they struggle to survive the horrors Of war and the true nature mankind itself. Tentatively titled, "Whistles" It's my interest in WW1 mixed with a love for All Quiet on the western front mixed with Of Mice and Men
It's a treatise on history and allegory paintings, meant to give guidance for how to structure a painting, what a painter of allegory ought to study, the moral duty of a painter, the finer qualities in a painting, how other liberal arts influence and show in painting, how different humours ought to be depicted, etc. Often I'll make allusions to western classical mythology and text.Influences include Erasmus, Castiglione, Plato, Trismegistus, Aristotle, Cesare Ripa, Ovid, Vitruvius, Shakespeare, Horace, Vasari. I'm not sure if I should really continue it though. There doesn't seem to be much interest on this subject.
I'd cut out like half of it. Especially the complete rewrites/multiple drafts. Those are nothing but a waste of time unless what you originally came up with was completely worthless.
my first novel is about an 8 year old homosexual and a 58 year old pedophile. it is almost entirely about their sex life. extremely graphic and full of edge
I do it that way because I'm shitty at the actual writing part. I end up mashing different sentences and ideas together like five year olds playing with lincoln logs before they haven't figured out what sex is yet, so full revision is the just most efficient way expand my sentences.tl;drI do it because I'm suck at phrasing.
Sounds good.
Do you go to CCA op? I went there.
Why the FUCK would anyone post their ideas before their book is published? Absolute idiocy.
This is /lit/, not /r9k/, you fucking pansy. Nobody here is gonna steal your ideas because most people here have their own ideas they need to figure out.Even if someone steals your ideas, it's no big deal, it just means you have to do it better. Grow a pair man.Besides that, it's not like any of us are going into some absurd amount of detail about any ideas. At most it's just expositing a general premise and setting, nothing more.
Jokes on you, I have nothing but free time and ive already stolen three ideas from this thread. Good luck faggots.
not op but CCA class o' 2010what a trip
Like I said, no big deal, I'll just do it better./r9k/
Nah guys I don't, I just saw the picture posted somewhere and thought "hah that's amusing"Didn't have any idea what school it was
Good luck writing it with the same familiarity as the idea creator. Plus, nothing necessarily wrong with writing the same idea with a new perspective - the rags to riches structure, for example, has been done to death but can continue being a fresh tale depending on its perspective.
Did you have Leal for AP lit?
This.Learning the Cambridge Grammar will help with confidence.
actually yes
Mine is a story about a family of bears spanning several generations told by the perspective of a tree that they use to scratch with.
Nothing, because I'm too chicken shit / stupid to actually write anything.Though I did have this one ideaAlcoholic space thieves Ones a transgender female-to-male hacktivist
hmm prove you went to CCA
Are you really that bad or do you just have no confidence in your writing until you've hacked it to bits and taped the pieces back together?
fuck youyou prove you went theretellin me what to do n shittake out a chunk of paper
aaaaaaalright, take out a pen and a chunk of paper!Did he always have his half gallon of milk that he drank when you had him?
It's not that I'm abysmal, mediocre is a better word, I know my shit isn't where I want it to be with the first draft. Past the first actual revision everything is more a point of pride. I know my work is passable then, but I also know that it could be better if I take the time to go through it and analyze my word choice.Besides that, I learn a lot when I go back and look at my work. When I'm writing I don't necessarily fully cognizant of what I'm putting on the page, because I'm more concerned with getting it out than I am with it being perfect. Then I go back and look at it and I can see my mistakes and what areas I was having trouble with, then I can fix those mistakes and hopefully not make them again in the future.Are you trying to say that you don't do revision at all, or is it just the number that's throwing you through a loop? I know two-three is high, but it's a number that I'm comfortable with as I consider myself a novice. The idea of someone actually trying to publish something without ever going through at least one revision cycle makes me cringe though. Anyone who can do that must have a tremendous amount of faith in, and distain for their editors to even consider putting them through an untempered work like that.
I don't think so. He did accuse me of solipsism though. That class was far gnarlier than any english course I took in college.
I do revise and rewrite sentences but overall I tend to keep a lot more than I rewrite and I never outright discard anything. Also after one main set of revisions I'm mostly just looking for typos and grammatical errors rather than trying to fix the writing itself, unless something exceptionally awkward looking I overlooked pops up. You seemed to be talking about completely rewriting everything every time you revise in that greentext.
What college did you go to
I do, but I don't do it from scratch. I open up the old piece that I want to revise in a document on the left side of my screen, then I open up a blank document on the right side. Then I manually retype everything into the new document. Usually I end up keeping the general phrasing and most of the paragraph structure, but for the most part I recompose every sentence unless I feel like I somehow nailed it the first time.For example, here's a paragraph from something I did a while back. It's just a little trifling thing I messed with, so I apologize if it isn't very polished. It should be a good example though.First draftThe remaining suspects dwindled down to shadowy figures with unknown capabilities participating in a grand conspiracy. At this point I was thrown out of my depth as I was quickly submerged in in intricate web of assumption and causality searching for any facts or reasons to cling onto like the survivor of a shipwreck desperate to survive the roiling sea; Jack however was unfazed. This kind of thing was what he lived for, a chance to ply his mastery on his field of choice. It was inspiring really, to see him working to bring Order to a system so fraught with convolution and inconsistencies, a perfect warrior of Chaos.Second draftNow all that was left were dark shadows shifting under the surface of the water, lurking just out of sight. It was at this point I was thrown completely out of my depth as I was submerged in an intricate web of assumption and generalized causality, hopelessly searching for any facts or logic to cling onto like the survivor of a terrible shipwreck desperate to survive the wrath of a roiling sea. Jack however was completely unfazed, diving straight into the darkness with practice and precision.This was the kind of thing that a man like him lived for, a chance to ply his mastery on a field of his choice, the impossible challenge. It was inspiring really, to see him working to bring Order to a system so fraught with convolution and inconsistencies, a perfect warrior of Chaos.Third draftThen all that was left were dark shadows shifting under the surface of the water, lurking just out of sight. I was thrown completely out of my depth as I was plunged into an intricate web of assumption and causality, desperately clinging onto any facts or logic I could find like the survivor of a terrible shipwreck trying to survive the wrath of a roiling sea. Jack however was completely unfazed, he dove straight into the dark depths with practice and precision.This was the kind of thing that someone like him lived for, a chance to ply his mastery on his chosen field, the impossible challenge.It was inspiring really, to see him working to bring Order to a system so fraught with convolution and inconsistencies.He was a perfect warrior of Chaos.Jesus christ, it has been awhile since I looked at this, I need to go and rewrite this again. The cringe is strong in this one...
Not to be a dick or anything, but you actually seem to have made it worse rather than better overall.
I cringed. The writing is juvenile and the sentences are terse.He was a perfect warrior of ChaosI mean what the fuck, man. Literally YA tier. But if that's what you're going for, more power to you.
That's fair, if I were to redo it now then I would recondense it a bit. Two paragraphs were better than one, but then I went overboard on the third one. And I still have some word choices that I don't agree with.Using two participles of the word "survive" in one sentence*Shudders*Still, I've disallowed myself from touching this abortion again untill I finish some of the other stuff I'm working on. It's a part of a much bigger piece and it takes me a long time to even do one revision, too much time.Obviously it needs it though. It's just a little bit more incentive to go work on my new projects instead of trying to beat a dead horse to life again. So that I can actually go back to beating the dead horse when I'm done, ironically. It's one of my babies and I don't like seeing it suffer by my hand.
If it takes you that much revision just to end up with something you still hate are you sure you're not wasting your time altogether? Or is this just something you wrote when you were a lot younger?
It was a few years back, this was my first big project and really the first thing I did out of school. So, this isn't something from when I was super young or anything, it just from when I was inexperienced. At least less experienced than I am now.I don't hate it, for what it is I'm proud of it. I'm happy with the way the story turned out, it's just that the actual narrative needs a lot of word. The only reason I'm not going to touch it right now is because it just takes a while to methodically go through 75k words when you're only doing a couple hours a day.Well, for me anyway, I'm a slow ass writer as it is.It's shit, but if I didn't enjoy working on it then I wouldn't have bothered writing it in the first place. I regret nothing.
Protagonist works the cat scannerEnjoys making people feel bad and sometimes lies to them in hopes of making them kill themselvesAt this rate it's not even a story or ideaIt's a lifestyleI have no creativity though sometimes I get these gay little ideas that I think would be cool to share with other people and such and write them down and never share them and sometimes I just write for writing about whatever. I don't think I could ever actually write a 400 page book or something.
Semi-autobiographical account of my experiences with the modern Mormon aristocracy, although really that part doesn't matter. It's based on relationships and the anxieties that strain them. Essentially what I'm trying to do is trying to live purely in spite of every distraction and dysfunction around me, and the only real way to do that is to cut out all superficiality. I wrote this mainly after reading Knausgaard and Franzen.
400 pages from the perspective of your average TSA agent. You could be the next faulkner
War and Peace-scale novel about 15 or so different characters leading a variety of lives in a metropolis, each chapter ends w/ a cliffhanger and the final chapter intertwines all of them and ends them
Here's an advantage I found that motivates me to write more. I have a hard time getting ideas when typing on a computer, plus find it much more distracting. When I was in high school I'd rather use the computer for research then write everything down on paper because in the end it was faster for me.When I want to write, I write in my notebooks, then use Google speech on my phone to transfer it to text. I then just send it to myself and edit whatever I need to on my computer. There are better speech programs like Dragon where you can just directly talk into your computer but I'm a cheapskate so I just do this shit.
This is similar to how to write a good paper or thesis in a lot of lit classes. A good formula. Taking ADHD medicines also makes writing fun as fuck.
Keep at it. You can even translate your own book back into your native language when you're done.
This, hard, do you know how valuable native translations are? Especially when the author does them himself?If you actually manage to get proficient with english and write something worthwhile, the ability to translate it back will be worth it's weight in platinum.
always wanted to write something involving heroic shit happeningend up with a fallout + LOTR + something else i can't really sair, and also some time-traveling to tell the main characters's backstory, even if it's not really that because i time-traveling could solve every single issue on the story, unless i go with a Butterfly Effect approachfocus so much on the characters that the story ends up being like a cliché JRPG about a group of people travelling around the world, taking down the main bad guy's henchmen, and then saving the world from a semi-ancient evilGod. Fucking. Dammit.
Phrasing, Lana.

Been writing and rewriting a 13 page short film script for the last 2 months...I cant imagine how one can manage to write anything close to 100 pages.
Not well. I wanted to finish this short story so it would be my first completed work that wasn't for a dumb writing class. I have more ideas for my first novel, but they will have to wait because autism. I also have to rewrite everything I have for the short story because I don't like the structureShort story is about a man who encounters the Metatron in the form of an old guy, who informs the man that God still gives a shit and it's maybe time for Revelation, then shit gets wacky and it becomes obvious I'm mostly high when I come up with ideas. Novel is an attempt at vaporwave literature, writing 80s-styled cyberpunk set in 1999 as Y2K approaches. Individualist anarchist themes play with and/or against the vaporwave views on consumerismShort story's influenced by Borges and several biblical books. Novel is influenced by Videodrome, Ghost in the Shell, and Serial Experiments Lain more so than any actual cyberpunk novels. Stirner is also an important force, because I like dank memes. The Illuminatus! Trilogy and Pynchon are also huge influences on the structure of some of the few paragraphs I have written for the novel, but my overall voice has more similarity to Tao Lin
If Palahniuk really does lurk these threads, you can guarantee he'll take this premise
I'm actually planning a short novel inspired by JRPGs lel
I would find it interesting.How much previous art history knowledge would you need to read it?
Exposition, lots of exposition.The trick is trying to figure out how to hide it from your reader. It's like trying to introduce yourself to someone and convince them you don't have any internal organs. They probably know you're bullshiting them, but the important part is the suspension of disbelief.At least that's how it works in fiction anyway.
I know this isn't the place to ask but since I can't think of anywhere else and I'm a bit short on time, if given an essay prompt with length of 3-5 pages, it means 3 full pages right?tfw my essay isn't technically about the promptI can't think of anything else to write and I need to turn in a rough draft in 3 or so hours. It's kinda close
If it says 3-5, it means three full pages at minimum and five full pages at max. Your instructor just doesn't want to read through some spergs seven page paper.If it's not about the prompt, dress it up to look like some avant garde shit to look like the prompt. You know, if it looks like a duck?The worst thing that's probably gonna happen is that they tell you it's shit and make you write a new one, and since this is a rough draft that's honestly fine. You might miss a few points on your grade, but grades don't really mean much in the real world.Pass or fail man. Do good if you can, obviously, but don't stress out about it.tfw I once wrote an essay about a book that directly compared it to orgasam denial as a fetishA+
Prompt. Yech. College writing is super bullshitty.
Use this: 
The worst thing that's probably gonna happen is that they tell you it's shit and make you write a new one, and since this is a rough draft that's honestly fine.Yeah, that's why I don't really mind if it's not directly on topic. But at least having it the correct length means she won't take points off.Nice, I was thinking about writing about how I once threw a party with some friends to get laid, prompt is a narrative based on an event that you were happy for but something got in the way, and it became a sausage fest. But couldn't think of enough obstacles.Might do this later on though.I don't generally like writing so this makes it worse.
I slowly building up the confidence to attempt writing my own book. I am not an avid reader, I do not even have my own story line yet. My question is, because I am writing this for me, so i can feel good, express myself and have something I can measure when im done, is this a pipe dream or is this something that i am righ tin feeling excited about? I dont have plans of becoming famous, not at all, but i would like to be able to tell people "hey read what i wrote" without it being embarrassing. with that said, i have a vague idea as to what i want to write about. If anyone here wants to throw some ideas or idea influencing tips my way i would appreciate it. as for right now, I know I want it do it during some time period before the creation of automatic guns. I dont find much excitement in guns. i guess muskets are fine. I also want to be able to tell a story using multiple characters. The way GoT has houses and theres a whole map of things going on, so that means i need a world that is interesting.Im not big into scifi, but i can do a fictional world, i just have a problem coming up with the theme. I wouldnt want to do something that has been done and became huge, so medieval times are gone, lord of the rings times are gone. What kind of fantasy worlds are there that are well established?
I would say not very much as it's function is more of an enchiridion on art like Alberti's De Pictura or Aristotle's Poetics than a book on art history. However knowing art history particularly specialists of 1500s-1600s would help the reader to see examples of what I'm writing about. I think the ideas and thought process of classical humanism and Renaissance humanism would be more helpful, in that it uses specific theories to aim at universality and integration of other fields like classical philosophy, poetry, and architecture. I think I make an allusion even to Vitruvius for studying diverse other fields to be applied to one art, and to Zeuxis for composite idealism. It has quite a wide range of subjects in it that are interrelated. In one part, it talks about different ways to include written words in a painting for making clear the meaning and consequently, what scripts are proper. In another part, it talks about the art as a process of ordering accidental nature and to support this it mentions a passage in Ovid wherein he praises the grotto of Diana as seeming to be made more by art than by nature. In another part still, it talks about how to classical idealism has to potency to make serious matters pleasant by beauty as well as to imbue gravity into foolish matters preventing the subject to degrade into baseness, and thence it speaks of bitter herbs and medicine and tragicomedies. I'm not a writer by aspiration, yet I am a painter who found that although many people praise painters such as Poussin, Leonardo, Raphael... information on how to construct paintings like them is even harder to find than how to paint like them technically.
Your instructor just doesn't want to read through some spergs seven page paper.I did this. The professor gave me 85% on a rough draft... Why? I put more work into my paper than the average pleb. No marks on my paper other than her writing condense. Really? -15 for that
Because you are bad at following directions. Even if you wrote a perfect paper you failed to follow the directions. Hell, you're lucky the teacher even accepted it in the first place.Look at it from the teacher's point of view, even ignoring the whole directions thing you're just making more work for them.Teacher has 100 students for a given courseAssigns a five page paper80% turn in the paper on time400 pages of, at minimum, skimmingIf grammar is important, that turns into 400 pages of full review15% turn in the paper lateHave to rush through 75 pages to get those done on time if you accept late papersProbably have to keep track of what day they turned it in on to figure out how it affects their grade10% write a seven page paper insteadHave to go through an extra 20 pages of reviewTotal of 495 pages to go throughCan't rush or fuck up or you'll never hear the end of it from the kids that care more about their GPA than learning the actual materialIt's just a pain in the ass, Anon. Even if you have a rubric and everyone follows the directions grading written assignments is still a pain in the ass...

Finished, not published. 70,000 word.Writing style is like a condensed, easier to digest Ulysses but with traces of Hemingway, Kerouac, and Bukowski.Best summary I'm willing to give here:douchey artist type and his other halffailing at everythingcomes into money, doesn't helpshe dies after massive epiphanyhe finally realizes he's a naive dipshit
That doesn't sound too appealing but you were being pretty vague so you could've just left out the part that makes it interesting assuming there is one.
I started writing something about the cycles of the universe ending and humans being emotionally devastated by the confusion of a world with no change, as the protagonist realizes in a perpetual night that everything around him is just a reflection of his own soul, and that God is attached to all of existence, in profound pain until everything is destroyed and returned to paradise. But that never really went anywhere, as I couldn't find a way to progress the story in any direction. So it's just a short story a few pages long.My biggest influence on my writing is undoubtedly David Tibet. He's my favorite poet, and poetry is what I normally write, so it rubbed off on my prose as well. I tend to write with a lot of alliteration because it feels natural. A friend of mine also insisted that the story is reminiscent of Joyce Dubliners specifically, but he's also full of shit.
Okay I'm a bit new here and I don't really read much. I wanted to start reading to expand my knowledge a bit and I was told by you guys to start with the book "Finnegan's Wake" by James Joyce to:gain a foundation for basic literatureLiterally what the fuck is this shit? I picked this up at my bookstore and I just started reading it earlier today. I'm like 10 pages in and I have absolutely no idea what the hell is going on. What was the purpose of this fucking book?Can someone explain this nonsense to me?
It's a pretty easy book to get into for beginners. Maybe you're just not suited for literature. Sorry, some people's minds are just made for vidya and anime.
You've come to the wrong place to call James Joyce shit.
it's an easy book to get into for beginnersOkay you fucking faggot, tell me what the fuck this is supposed to mean, then:The fall bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonner-ronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthur — nuk! of a once wallstrait oldparr is retaled early in bed and later on life down through all christian minstrelsy.Was this guy on drugs or something?how did this even get published
Lol, if you can't even handle Finnegan's Wake, how the fuck are you ever going to handle The Sun Also Rises or The Island?
You are quite the pompous little fagfart aren't you? OP, don't worry if you can't get into it. Put it down and read something else. Lit is known for riding on their high horses and acting like they're better than everyone. You can always come back to Joyce later.

It's like book acid. Let it open up your mind, mannnnn. Let tit riverrun threw ye and purifee ya well-wall of Anglish. A whet roarck to hown yer swords of speeeech.
my brain melted into keks
Finnegan's
This is trolly bullshit, OP.
What is satire?You should probably read something a bit more simple until you can grasp such tough concepts.
If you're confused about the word, bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk, I'm guessing you can't have passed grade school. It's one of the book's "thunderwords" and combines the different words for "thunder" used in various languages.
That my friend is a thunderword
OP, this board is full of assholes who will try to fuck with you. Lurk some more and find more accessible tecxts. Seriously, Hemingway's Sun Also Rises is a great book for exploring how style creates meaning. The Great Gatsby is also a terrific read.

If you read it aloud it will trigger a grand mal seizure. Or is it petite?
Spoon feeding this hardIf they don't have the sense to see obvious banter and satire for what it is or just googling the name of the book they were given, they probably shouldn't try to into literature.
Style! Creates meaning!
The fallWaterfallbababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonner-ronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthur — nuk!Onomatopoeia of the sound of a waterfall, spliced with words in archaic languages related to loud noises.wallstrait oldparrJuxtaposition of the mythical "Old Parr Thomas" with Wallstreetretaled early in bedSold at the beginning of lifeall christian minstrelsyReference to Christy's Minstrels, a minstrel performance group.Don't blame the author because you're too pleb to understand it.
All lies.
All pleb.
recommending pleb fodder
Don't even try it, this board is full of Reddit and Tumblr cancer
I luld.
You can't even understand something as simple as Finnegans Wake? Or realize that there's no apostrophe in it? Toppleb.
Me soides.
when the fuck did /lit become so easy to troll i swear it used to be slightly ok not much but still harder to troll you guys
Fuck off faggot I just finished reading Homer's Aenid
You've been rused my friend.
Awwwww shit. Fight, fight, fight.
Dear god I have never l laughed so hard in My life. If you are over the age of 14, reevaluate your life or consider yourself a failure.
did you even read boccaccio's adventures of achilles and friends first?
he actually started with the GreeksYou have failed. You have been deceived and trolled by 4chan. I would not put it in such simple terms if I did not think your simple brain could handle anything but blunt reality
the aeneidgreeksare you being really subtle?
Pleb here, hardest thing I've ever read was probably a tale of two cities. Could I enjoy war and peace?
that depends on why you found a tale of two cities difficult
It might be a bit long. If you learn speed reading first, it will help.
and yet ppl are still gonna get triggered
it was a few years ago, but i remember feeling like they could have explained everything with a lot less words
Homer's Aenid
Yes. it's an easy read, just long.
Boy, are you not going to be a fan of War and PeaceI mean, you could probably read it, but boy, would you hate it
ehwar and peace isn't particularly difficult but it is rather verbosetolstoy also has a thing for going off on several historical tangents and related monologuing i don't think you'll like it
this is definitely a troll; if not well donesomebody who doesn't google a book deserves it
I dunno, some of the kids who post here are definitely retarded enough to actually go out and buy Finnegans Wake without knowing anything about it.
this is either fake, in which case its a good as hell thread, or its real, in which case its a good as hell thread
what's the best way to into james joycewhere do i start
I went Stephen the hero at 17 I think then Dubliners of curse and now at 20 yeah the full price Dublinsalem
I really relate to this character :^
do more
nice, man: really groovy, super cool, keep it up
was it not stephen hero?
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
I'll actually explain you fucking plebs.the fallobviously referring to the fall of man, a theme of all of Joyce's works, but esp. Ulysses and Finn Wake. In the story, Finnigan, while drunk, falls off his ladder and dies. He later rises from the dead. There are many ways to interpret the fall of man, but one thing is sure, since Finnigan is the one falling and we're talking about the fall of man Finnigan thus represents Man and his story is our story. The novel begins with the Fall because everything begins with the Fall, let's sure where it takes us. Spoiler: around and around forever, the first sentence: riverrun... is actually the second part of the last sentence.bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonner-ronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthur — nuk!As someone else said, it's a combination of "thunder" in different languages and is obviously the sound he makes he falls and probably hits al the rungs on the ladder. The concept of thunder is also commonly equated with God or the greatest of Gods think Zeuss or Odin. So we see the Fall as an act of God, among other things.of a once wallstrait oldparrActually does refer to Wall Street as someone who wasn't taken seriously said, specifically the Wallstreet Crash of 1929. This is, of course, representative of human civilization crashing, as Wall Street and the stock exchange is in a way the backboneof our capitalistic society. Strait is difficulties.Oldparr is a reference to Thomas Parr, don't feel like explaining, it's not that interesting.Retaledretelling, or telling over and over again. The story is circular and repeats forever, as said above.early in bedsince the beginning/since a child think bedtime stories/conceptionand later on lifeagain and again/ also could be read as "later, on life" in others about lifeminstrelsywhat the minstrels sing about. Christian myth and history is a theme of all of Joyce's works.Obviously this is very surface but it gives you a sense of what is going on, at least.And yes, I know this is bait, but I'm sure others are interested as well.
ignore the brackets and it says "The fall of a once wallstrait oldparr is retaled early in bed and later on life down through all christian minstrelsy"The bracketed word is an amalgamation of various thunder words, it highlights the pun Joyce is going for, he is talking about Finnegan falling off his ladder whilst simultaneously talking about The Fall, as in the moment when Adam and Eve pissed off God in the Garden of Eden, hence the bit about christian minstrelsy.
also retaled / retailed
LitGo away, you're not one of us.
And the all gianed in with the shoutmost shoviality.
Sun Also Rises is much easier IMO
falling for the Joyce memeJust read some cormac mcarthy
falling for the mccarthy memeJust read some DFW.
falling for the dfw memeread some john green
falling for the green memeUnspook yourself with some Stirner
Bravo Zadie, bravo
tfw no zadie wife
God damn I hate phonetic prose.Irvine Welsh only gets away with it by virtue of being entertaining.
Faulkner is the only author I've read that has written in a dialect and hasn't made me cringe.
both do it by not using a million apostrophes. Makes it appear more like legitimate speach, and not some awful character being patronised everyone has an accent really.
"everyone has an accent really"jamaican accents aren't distinguishable from regular english accents on the level of Bacon souding like "beer can"Is this where inclusiveness is going? Black authors can't point out jamaicans have accents?
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''fucked raw in the ass by eight inches of hard-end apostrophes
twain's dialect is good
It's accurate, but it's still annoying to read, especially when it's Jim.
Hehe, it's not shitposting, it's funposting!
All prose is phonetic. Did you mean eye dialect?Apostrophes are helpful for showing elision.
Do you think the novel form is responsible for the sorry state of literature? Think about it: until a couple centuries ago, the novel was a very minor form of literature.
Take out all the trash ALL and I'm sure great works, novel or not, are coming out at least as frequently as they did before the long-form novel existed.
Coming outI'm sure they are being written just as frequently. Published, now that's a whole different matter.
tfw the short story is dead
Image should be reversed.
Literature is just as it always has been, if not better. Only difference is today's equivalent of penny dreadfuls get marketed more intensely.
Literature is flooded with garbage by the truckload, and literary criticism is essentially gone out the window. People like Tao Lin are hailed as the voices of a generation, while great works of literature go unnoticed or unpublished. Even so, they are still there. You just have to look for it since the mainstream machine has largely broken down.
Give me a reason as to why Wikipedia is NOT a reliable source. Sick of people saying "ohh but you just cited that from wikipedia, anyone can edit that"Show me one instance where this is true
things are only said to be reliable because people who claim to know say it, so in the end there's no differencedoes a credential make a source "reliable"? not clearthe real problem is wikipedia is an inconsistent hodge-podgeat this point i go there for the same reason i go here: to get a smattering of what some random group of people have to say -- not anything remotely authoritative on the matter
crazy SJW edit wikipedia all the time to make everybody gay.alexander the great wikipedia is an example, now it's nowhere near as bad as it used to. I remember one time there was a whole section talking about how gay he was and at the very end there was a little sentence saying "there's no proof he was gay"Nietzsche is also gay according to wiki, so is achilles. Plato write gay romance and lolita like books if i'm supposed to trust wiki.
Wikipedia's great, I often use it instead of reading books so I can talk about a book with people when I haven't *technically* read it. It's really useful for stuff like that.
I hate Wikipedia. I spent hour of time and translated material from one language division of Wikipedia to another.They erased my work without the explanation of reasons. I hate Wikipedia.
/v/
Nah, you have to actually play games to get anything out of them.
Most people don't actually 'read' Wikipedia, they just skim it and use their newfound info to best suit them.Talking about outdated old media that you're unfamiliar with? Wiki it.Want to blurt out some ol' English so you can rub your sophisticated vocabulary in your friends' faces? Wiki it!I'm sure that if you explain the trustworthy of Wikipedia in detail to the opposing critic, he's sure to change his mind on the spot. Feel free to throw in unique phrases such as 'objectively accredited' and 'user created, scholar approved'.Go get 'em, tiger!
Show me one instance where this is trueAmple amount, I'm not going to bother. The point is that Wikipedia articles are supposed to link to sources for all their claims. If you can't track down that source and so your only source is Wikipedia itself, there is by definition and by Wikipedia's own rules nothing reliable about whatever you just copied from there.without the explanation of reasonsIf your translation was into English, this might be an indication of why... :^I think they have a policy about article translations too, but don't remember what it's about.

because wikipedia its a secondary source at best and often tertiary or even higher, follow the sources at the bottom of the page and use those instead you dumb fuck
A lot of academic papers don't use very reliable sources either. Pretty much any paper that gets written, you can find some discrepancy in their sources, if you look. Wikipedia is the same. Maybe a little worse seeing how it's written by multiple people. The problem is that there's no such thing as "Truth". Unless you're talking about purely scientific things, and even then things can get iffy. History, people, literature, anything subjective has about 100 different sides to the story, usually pretty hard to sort out what is "true".
Have you ever written a paper? Do you happen to be familiar with the concept of 'canon'?
Yes and yes. Just because something is canon, doesn't necessarily mean it's correct either.
It happens all the time. All it takes is one asshole to actually investigate a source and then the whole academic community is shook. "Oh my god! This shit we blindly took for granted for 50 years might not be true!!!"
Well yeah, sure, but it's the academic consensus. Hence the added reliability.
Why wouldn't the source be investigated? How does something become canon in the first place?
A lot of wikipedia articles do have noticable bias to them, even if they're decently sourced. It's just because a small group of autists have a disproportionate contribution.
Wikipedia isn't considered a source because it's a compilation of sources. It is reliable in the sense that they do try crack down on errors, and it's generally as reliable as any other encyclopedia.
It used to be more unreliable and the reputation stuck.Use it and just cite Wikipedia's sources
Maybe it couldn't be investigated until now. Maybe people thought the case was so simple it didn't need investigated. Lots of reasons. Why is it that they used to think fats were the main cause of heart problems, now they think that excess sugars are? There's lots of examples of this. Even though academics like to think they're above this. A lot of time there's the whole "Well, XX said this, and he's REALLY FUCKING SMART, so it must be true!" Then 50 years after he's dead some asshole comes by and asks if that guy was really fucking smart. There was a point where Freud was thought a genius and an authority on the mind. Now...most will kind of shrug at him and say "Well...he got the ball rolling."
All mathematics articles and proofs in wikipedia are pretty good.
Yeah but they logically follow from explicit premises. They include everything you need to verify them on your own / are their own verification.
Okay, I have another question: Are you familiar with the concept of new editions?
Sure, like real new editions, or new editions where they just mix the content around and call it a new edition?
It says morning glory seeds don't give a psychedelic experience.
They don't? I got morning glories growing all over the place...
Ugh, you gonna get pissed by my being a condescending asshole anytime soon or do I have to troll harder?I think they make new editions because of some irregularity that people always point out from time to time. It's how an entire field corrects itself over time. People also check sources if they're older than a given period 4-5 years, I think? to make sure the new papers submitted use the newest information.
What makes you think I'm pissed? I'm actually drinking tea, listening to a podcast, and reading a technical manual, only paying about 1/4 attention to anything you say. anyway, what you're describing is science correcting itself when they actually find discrepancies in sources, which was my entire point in the first place. So, point proven. Thanks.
I've seen lots of articles on Wikipedia with no sources whatsoever, and many dittoes lacking citations as well as the [citation needed] tag. I have also often encountered articles with proper citations, but with extreme cherry-picking among the sources.
Wat. I said I was waiting for you to get pissed.And I was trying to prove the validity of canon.
It's got an anti religious bias. On the Christianity page it goes straight ahead and criticizes it.
The modern world has an anti religious bias. Get on with the times gramps
modern Europe*The vast majority of the world is still deeply religious
They do!
Wikipedia being biased in favor of feminism

Bet they don't do this with the religion of peace
rub you balls with your fingers and smell themdo it now
A couple years ago the article on Lucius Iunius Brutus ommited the fact that such a person, in all likelyhood, never even existed. This is how bad wikipedia can be.
I love wikipedia. It contains nearly everything mankind has ever done or discovered, available to everyone and for free. I mean, some 14 year old kid could add "Sally is a slag" to some random page and it would take the mods a few minutes to ban said kid and fix it. It is not perfect; some sources are unreliable, people use it for all the wrong reasons and it can be biased at times, but it is sill pretty great. Note I do not use it, but respect it nonetheless.
this is a frightening idea
I use wikipedia all the time, but I never cite it. I just go to the sources they cite and read those and cite them if I think they are credible.Just go to the citations and read those, never fails.
This is why peer review is so important...
It's mostly that they are done by competent people tbh. Past is the time when you could look at wikipedia for some quick vulgarization math article, now it's proofs all the way down. It's good for research, but it doesn't benefit laymen anymore.
A fun test is to read a given page in two or three languages and see if the informations are consistent between the articles. Sometimes you'll discover that some famous guy finished undergraduate at age 13,15 or 17 depending on the article. Rather funny.
Because academics are charlatans that would rather assume sources are correct when it coincides with their ideology.
Well you're genuinely retarded, so your efforts were unfruitful.
As is evident from your responses, I will assume that you simply have poor reading comprehension. Heck, you had my meaning head-ass-backwards.Okay.
key was was designed
A lecturer at my former university wrote a book and when that subject came up, several students used it as a source and got fairly low marks. A few weeks later, he apologised before a lecture to say his book was wrong. It had been published two years earlier and this is the first time he or anyone had noticed the mistakes. Academia is a joke.
the first link about sea glass, the article says that one of the rare colors prized by collectors is yellow, which comes from old Vaseline jars from the 1920s. This is incorrect. The author is referring to "Vaseline glass" which is an old nickname originating in the 1920s for certain types of uranium glass which often has a yellowish color similar to that of petroleum jelly see second link. Vaseline glass was not actually used in Vaseline jars.
Which is why the community edit feature existsThat article obviously isn't tampered for malicious/defamatory reasons, it was simply a mistake. Where people like you can then apply your knowledge, flag the mistake and give comment to the problem, the problem can be resolved in a cohesive body.
I mentioned this in another thread, but the context leading up to Mussolini's death during the Italian Social Republic, which where at one time quite accurate if I remember correctly, has almost completely been committed to make him seem like the kind of bastard who would kill his own son in law.While maybe not technically false,Feeling that he had to do what he could to blunt the edges of Nazi repressionis a lot different from the reality where he only agreed to be a Nazi puppet leader after Hitler threatened to destroy several major Italian cities and threatened massacring civilians.I wouldn't trust wikipedia for anything political.
You're pretty worked up aou the gays son. Maybe you need to be more honest with yourself...
influencesghostbustersKek
Ample amount, I'm not going to bother.It' not true. There are none.cunt.
the war on christianity.
ommited
the problem can be resolved in a cohesive bodyBut it hasn't been. The discussion is about whether or not Wikipedia IS a reliable source, not its potential to be reliable.
Most articles have a bias and many sources provided don't have sources themselves or just don't exist

On the wikipedia article about the battle at Pavlov's house in Stalingrad there was a clear bias from the Russian perspective. Must've been written by a overzealous sovietboo so I edited it to make it more neutralFirst sentence read: "Pavlov's House Russian: дoм Пaвлoвa dom Pavlova was a fortified apartment building which held heroically for 60 days against the heavy Nazi offensive during the Battle of Stalingrad."and I edited it to"Pavlov's House Russian: дoм Пaвлoвa dom Pavlova was a fortified apartment building which held for 60 days against a heavy Wehrmacht offensive during the Battle of Stalingrad."
/v/What an appalling waste of dubs.
linking to redditlinking to a subreddit filled with GamerGate crapGet out.
happens all the time, OP. So much so that wikipedia has an article detailing it all.
I wrote an article about a book by a famous philosopher over ten years ago. I thought it would be a good exercise to write out a summary of the book as I got past each chapter. Half way through I lost interest but still posted a half-summary of what I finished. It's full of inaccuracies and in the past ten years not a single fucking person has so much as touched that article, let alone try to correct it. Because it's about an obscure topic in a book that no one else has ever bothered to read. Wikipedia is a great source if you want to learn about Harry Potter or Mila Kunis, because those articles have rabid fanboys constantly editing them every single day to the bureaucratic letter. But if you want to learn about something that doesn't have autistic fanboys, you don't have that same level of fact checking to rely on. Also, Sasha Grey tried to edit the Sasha Grey article. You can still see the edits she tried to make in the history log. So there's bias to look out for.
Other than the short, little-read articles, wikipedia tends to be pretty reliable. I guess the main rule is to go by the info with citations.
Sometimes I like to skim an article on something I've read recently out of interest. Sometimes I'll have missed something in the text, so I'll look in to the article's source, or sometimes I'll have forgotten a thing or two and the article reminds me of it.
Heyo-- About two hundred pages into Infinite Jest right now, and I was wondering: does the prose get any better, in general? I'm not talking about story or pacing or engagement or anything, -- I get it, he's still setting stuff up at this point in the book -- I'm talking about plain old descriptive prose, and its quality. Because so far there haven't really been any sentences or passages that've made me feel like someone dropped an anvil on my face, you know? Like, first few pages of A Portrait of the Artist, Joyce throws in this humdinger: "The evening air was pale and chilly and after every charge and thud of the footballers the greasy leather orb flew like a heavy bird through the grey light."That's great. That has a tremendous rhythm to it, interesting description -- 'greasy leather orb' for 'football,' etc. -- it's just a good sentence. Haven't seen too many of them in Infinite Jest so far; in fact a lot of the description seems intentionally jagged and outright expository, filled with 'kind of's and 'like's and '-ish's. Which is fine by itself, -- I understand that's one of Wallace's big stylistic innovations -- it just gets stale after a while.
doesn't really get better. i think you'll like it anyway though. people really get into it at the 250 mark. keep reading and if you still dislike it at 300 quit.dfw prose is dorky and poor. but he does certain things really well.honestly pale king was a better read imo, and people say "it is unfinished" but to me, so is infinite jest. when dfw implied there was an ending i called "bulllllshit."and reading theories online makes me laugh.look OP youre 200 pages in just read the thing
, 
the bottom of this page on nonsense, they've translated it into over 20 different languages.
Is the knight of faith neccesairly religious, and if not isn't Kierkaggards philosphy essentially absurdism that is more god friendly?
The teleological suspension of the ethical requires that there be a higher calling the the KofF responds to, so yes, he is necessarily religious.I wouldn't say that F&T is indicative of Kirk's philosophy as a whole though. The goal was more to eliminate the safe and comfortable systematic religion of Hegel and Kant that was so dominant at the time. Kierkegaard's pseudonymous works are more intended to eliminate your sense of security in your relationship to God than offer up a system of how to be religious.
What about the story he tells about the pleb who loves a princess? Isn't he a knight of faith?Is the teleological suspension of the ethical absolutely required? Honestly, that part confused me a little and I need to give it another read
Kierkegaard's concept of faith is very far from the Catholic view. In the Catholic view faith is a grace of God, a light that shines on our intellect so that it can rise to the supernatural mysteries.Kierkegaard's faith is radically subjectivist. His illustration of the knight of faith with the man who cannot ever expect to be with the princess, but who believes nevertheless that he will be united with her by virtue of the absurd - this is FAR from the view of faith just delineated. Faith in the Catholic view isn't just believing something really hard. In the Catholic view, it's impossible to have faith in something that is false, and faith is about objective truths. To talk about faith in the context of believing that you will be united to your beloved is absurd in the Catholic context, because that's not what faith is about. philosophy is not Christian, it is Cartesian. Descartes is the great grandfather of existentialism. It's his "I think therefore, I am", which can be interpreted as, "my thought defines my being", or, "I define my own essence/being." Now, for Descates himself, that wasn't the case. The method of doubt which ultimately ended in his Cogito was just an intermediary to arrive at certain objective truth. After he arrived at the Cogito he ceased doubting and posited a real substance of thought. However, it's his method of doubt that is so radical, because it detaches thought from being, I.e. for a moment it entertains the possibility that the thinker himself is the only thing that exists. This radical subjectivism is everywhere in Kierkegaard, it's the very ground of his philosophy, which can be summarized in his statement, "truth is subjectivity". So for Kierkegaard, faith is not the act of the intellect of an objective being asserting to revealed truths. It's more like a subjective ego pulling itself into existence by an act of complete passion directed towards one thing.
So, yeah, I would argue that Kierkegaard's concept of faith is not necessarily religious in the sense of Christian. "The religious" in Kierkegaard is just one of the three modes of subjectivity, in fact it is the highest expression of subjectivity. In the aesthetic mode the subject is limited by the bad facts of sensation, pleasure and pain. In the ethical mode the subject is limited by the objective ethical categories. In the religious the subject breaks free of all external determinants and essentially becomes that radical self-defining Caretsian ego which sets up its own absolute. Not only is this not religious in the Catholic view, it is actually something like complete irreligion and is an Antichrist mindset, because it is of the nature of the Antichrist to be a law unto himself. It's funny that the Protestant tradition criticised the Catholic tradition for being too objective and insisting on dogmas and rites, and thus antichrist for that reason. It's the Protestant tradition which radically frees the individual so that he can make up whatever religion he feels like that is the real antichrist tradition, because it puts man in the place of God.You can say in a sense that all things that exist are in God's mind. That is only true of God. However, the Cartesian method whereby the human mind frees it self from all Being so that it alone constitutes what is, is like the Cartesian ego wanting to take God's place.
The teleological suspension of the ethical requires that there be a higher calling the the KofF responds to, Is my wanting to marry Britney Spears a higher calling that I can suspend morality for? If not, why not? Why is Britney Spears not a valid object of my "faith" in Kierkegaardian terms?
I don't think Kierkegaard felt one needed to perform such an absurd act to enter a relationship with God, and he'd likely be troubled by the idea of thinking once and for all that one could enter into union with God; instead he saw faith as something you constantly grow in and renew.I think part of what he's trying to do with the teleological suspension of the ethical is upset Kant's method of believing in God in his Critique of Pure Reason, where he says that we can't know about God's existence due to the finitude and limitations of our own minds, but we ought to posit His existence as a moral ideal or goal that justifies our morality. Kierkegaard felt that this was too systematic a way to believe in God, and is using the story of Abraham to show that faith is something more personal and subjective, if that makes sense.
I think part of what he's trying to do with the teleological suspension of the ethical is upset Kant's method of believing in God in his Critique of Pure Reason, where he says that we can't know about God's existence due to the finitude and limitations of our own minds, but we ought to posit His existence as a moral ideal or goal that justifies our morality. Kierkegaard felt that this was too systematic a way to believe in God, and is using the story of Abraham to show that faith is something more personal and subjective, if that makes sense.That actually makes a lot of sense. Thanks anon
The higher calling is something you receive from outside i.e. it's a divine command. You can't simply pick a goal you want and decide that pursuing that goal justifies any and all actions. Remember that part of the significance of the command of Abraham to sacrifice Isaac was in the inevitable angst such an action would produce, since Isaac was so valuable to Abraham, and seemed to go against God's telling him that Isaac would father a whole people. Abraham followed God's command in spite of the angst and terror he felt.
If you want a better understanding of what Kierkegaard actually felt the everyday person should do in their religious life, try reading his lesser known work 'Purity of Heart is to Will One Thing.' It's not pseudonymous, and not quite as existentially horrifying or thrilling, but it should provide a good counter to F&T. I often look at the pseudonymous works as asking questions about faith, with the non-pseudonymous works providing more direct answers albeit they're still presented in Kierkegaard's dramatic style of presentation, but still it's significantly easier.
But if the higher calling is from outside then faith is objective.
What if it is a love at first site type of scenario?
Not exactly. Remember how Kirk writes that no one can understand Abraham? There's the hero who sacrifices his daughter to save the city; everyone knows why he is doing it, and everyone can understand that while this is a difficult thing for the hero to do, they understand why he is doing it, and they feel that it is objectively justified.Abraham received the call from God alone; no one else knows about his mission. Isaac even asks his father what they will sacrifice, and Abraham doesn't tell him his true intention; he is forced into silence, because even if someone were to find out what he was doing, they would not be able to comprehend why he would do such a thing. There is no moral system or imperative that people agree on that justifies this action; it is something subjective, directly between Abraham and God, with no objective system everyone agrees on a theology, a philosophy, some publicly expressed command, etc to justify his actions. The KofF is someone who is responding directly to God, and so it is his own subjective relationship to God.
I'm not really sure what you're trying to suggest. Clarify?
Sperg out and vomit whatever cringeworthy, philosophical thought you recently had.Communication between people is the creation of the illusion that we ever talk about the same thing.
what are you talking about?
It's not your fault.
Spot on! I share the exact same sentiment and thoughts.
Don't do this to me, man.
Subjective semantics ain't shit. Try some Kripke, Kaplan, Putnam, Fodor pic related.
God exists and doesn't give two shits about us, and that's ok. We're liberated through his apathy.
This reminds me of Zizek's or perhaps Chesterton's interpretation of the story of jesus.The notion that god created the spectacle of his own death to us to liberate us from the idea that reality is under some sort of tight control and working according to some grand plan.i.e. through the belief in the transcendental all powerful, that gives you your freedom through his own suicide you become transcendentally freeas oppose to Daniel dennet free.
I am all, tbh.
god exists and we are his drawings of course he messes with us if your drawings started talking shit and disobeying you of course you'd design a multi-tiered subterrenean punishment complex for them
the only thing I can ever know that exists is 'what-is-present' if something is not present, it either does not exist transcendentally or, "something not being present" is a private experiential/conceptual term which is wholly existing within, and as part of, what-is-present'. That is, this thing called "that which is not present", is just a private conceptual term which is wholly understood, and exists within and not beyond privately within my conscious experience that-which-is-present. That is, nothing transcendent gives content to the concept - rather the content is given *within* and not beyond my own private experience. Nothing 'actually' or metaphysically transcendent gives content to my belief. Rather, "metaphysically transcendent" is a concept I experience in my own mind which gives content to my beliefs about said concept.I am so much deeper than you
this is postmodernism
Why do you talk about what published authors have said/interpreted, rather than just talking about your own interpretation? Do you not have a mind of your own?
That all you got?mein Gott, topp kek
Every moment in time contains the past and the future. This, more than anything, speaks for time as a spacial dimension. And as every geometrical shape it speaks of an outside and an inside. Each shape of time has an outside, but that outside must also be of time. Time outside of our time. This has led me to believe that these time-shapes exist in near endless amounts within a space of possibilty.The overlap between different time-spaces is what causes the confusion around the behaviour of quantum particles. The truth is that they simply move through possibilty-space.
it's a containment threadtoo bad it'll contain 75% of /lit/
No matter the form, every piece of art is pivoted on a narrative, even surrealism and dadaism
you have a very pessimistic view on life if you think this world is some sort of 'punishment realm'
I can never quite rid myself of the soap beneath my balls in the shower
lolthinks his retarded stoner theory could explain the behaviour of quantam particles, when he probably knows nothing about the science
implying I smoke weedimplying I don't study STEMYeah, whatever you say, hot-shot. Got a better explaination?
implying STEM is a worthwhile disciplineEnjoy dying alone as a jack of all trades, fuccboi.
Nobody has a "mind of his own". Each mind is full of the shared ideas of society or the ideas of other minds.You did not just spring up with all the knowledge you posses out of nowhere, you were and are told and taught things by others.Also what I wrote is my interpretation of Chesterton's interpretation of the bible.It is both my thought and the thought of many others.
implyingI'm a math major.
/pol/s phantasmic Jews are exactly the same group of people that /lit/ whines about when it complains about capitalism/lit/'s Christians need to be more accepting of Muslims
Maybe he is a masochist and thus for him its heaven. mind blownnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Morality is objective and absolute.
hehe, me too. Well, maybe not yet, but I will finish my Bachelor the next year and I will apply for a Pure & Applied Logic's Master, in Barcelona.Shit's good man.I'm not any of the other Anons, I was just happy to see another mathematicians around here.
We can all count anon.
I'm neither of you, and I'm a math major. That makes three of us on /lit/.
Math is dope as hell, tbh.Good one, m80. Had a right laugh at that, I did.Who'd have thunk?

Everything on /lit/.
This tbh.I've been growing to hate this place and it's inhabitants of late
Then why are you here?
That's because I stopped posted in philosophy threads and owning the idiots.The more intelligent people are driven out by the idiots who voice their stupid thoughts forcefully and loudly
OK, ok, SO if you imagine each person as a set of gears, turning and churning, like a pile of moving gears...can you picture that? Alright, now when two people meet some or even many of their gears match up, but never all of them. Some fit together beautifully, but there's always a few that jam and smoke and make horrible noises as the teeth rattle against each other. But that's just the way it is. Not all of our internal gears fit together well, either. So, that's the recent thing I thought of. I'm tired of selecting all the images with steak.
That Ed Tom actually mentions Mammon was forced and cringy.
He's not referring to the world we live in, he's referencing Dante's hell
Sheer habit.
All I do is directed purely by my egoistic desires, from loving my girlfriend to helping people in the street to stealing shit.I just happen to enjoy giving stuff for free or seeing her happy over my own happiness because such traits are good for society, which I'm a part of, and humanity evolved towards them.
You mean that everything you do is governed purely by you being a part of society, drenched with its values. from loving your girlfriend to helping people in the street to helping yourself.You feel the need to give stuff for free and seeing your gf happy over your own happiness, because that is what society made you feel good about.Retarded stirnerians..
Not quite I haven't read Stirner ever, I mean it's a product of evolution. The point I'm making is that philantropy is simply a favorable behavior for a big group of individuals, and that we evolved towards it.
I was just making a point about how the distinction between egoistic and pluralistic is a false dichotomy since each of us is neither fully an individualsome sort of objective unknown nor fully that which is shared by us all.
Oh ok, I can agree with that. If I were trying to disprove something here, it'd be that there's some higher reason God, soul, what fucking ever for us to do non-egoistic things.Also, I love life, man. It's so cool that I can be here, like, ice cream is the shit. I think people need to love life more.
Politics is about moral superiority, if social justice warriors wanted they could sit down and try to work some solution to problems like sexism, racism, trans rights, whatever, but instead they'd rather talk down about what dastardly people their opponents are, and how selfish they all are, and it's fucking disheartening as fuck because I've spent the past year working in Marxist coalition at my uni but it's fucking dead now because tumblr kids who haven't read a single god damn piece of leftist literature are rioting about how white privilege is a more pressing issue than wealth inequality
All belief, whether it be religious, philosophical or scientific, is just a personal compact one makes with eternity. As such, it is intensely personal business and no one should try to impose their compact on anyone else.
Somewhere along the way, we have become hypermaterialists. We, as a society, have fully embraced that fact, and the Entfremdung that entails.If one were to define himself today honestly which isnt possible, ofc, but hypothetically, the accessoires ironical considering their name and material property are part of an individual. When we buy something like a car, an iphone, we do not own it, but we become it, as much as it becomes us.In that way, people have stopped striving to actually become better. Something like the push for a "new human", as in socialism, is literally incoherent to the 21st c. mind. I mean this in the cultural, not the individual sphere, and not in the sense of ascending a tiered value system of mine, but rather striving at all, regardless of the teleology.I think it expresses itself in the aspirations and dreams in the clearest manner. The dreams of the hero of our time are materialist, consumerist in nature. A specific car, phone, even when its a relationship that is desired, one always expresses that desire in terms of ownership.As a Schopenhauerian, to me its obvious that this desire, much like any other, gets replaced by another the second its "fulfilled". Scientism, fedoratheism, and pretty much any phenomenon that plagues our generation stems from this hypermaterialism. It's the nihilism of our time, and I see no way to stop it on a grand scale.Ive been thinking about this a lot lately, though I realize its not novel in the slightest.
If you want to live as a society, there are at least some agreements you must make common among all members of said society. Other than that it's up to you.
Sperg out and vomit whatever cringeworthy, philosophical thought you recently had.I don't know why you made a general thread when that's apparently the new purpose of the board.
You mean mildly interesting to look at for just a moment but is entirely useless in roughly every situation outside of academia's masturbation?
I had a profound philosophical though a few months ago, googled it and it's already a pretty well known thing. Sucks
To get somewhere you have to go half way. To complete the other half the journey you have to go half way. You never get to your destination.
But you also have to go half its twice distance.
Heterosexuality is the sublation of the particular sexes as moments of a union that alone gives them any reason for existing, whereas regarded with their respective traits in isolation, each is terrible and depraved. Therefore, homosexuality is wrong.I'm normally the least homophobic person imaginable, so this sort of troubles me. Some ways around my dilemma may be the fact that complementary roles are being taken in same-sex relationships, too, and that the whole view is to reductive towards sex, whereas it should be about human isolation as such.
Man. You are all as dumb as when I've thought the worst of this board. Congratulations.
Then how did I finish this sentence?
It's probably better for the long term stability of society that the majority of us are miserable, frightened, and unfufilled most of the time.
creation of the illusion Yikes
The more simple and less convoluted a work is, the more happiness it brings to the receptor, enjoying more simple and mainstream films, books and music is one of the first steps to a great life
Because there exists things like Planck units, etc., where the smallest bits, x 10^-48, are indivisible.
Having had plenty of contact with women, I have come to the conclusion that the decisive variance between the psychologies of the two sexes is the following: To be a man is to come to terms with your insignificance in the eyes of the world and thus endeavour to create a private meaning for your own life; whereas to be a woman is to have the unshakeable conviction that you are inherently special, and your life's work is to draw the world's attention to that fact. What do you think?
I'm confused by people claiming that band-aids are racist because they're made to look like white people's skin but I've never seen one on someone that actually matched their skin colour. I never realised they were intended to be skin coloured before people complained.
/r9k/ tier garbage. Wouldn't the hubris of creating a private meaning imply an assumption of being inherently special, just like striving for admiration implies an acceptance of your own insignificance as long as you don't have it?
Yeah, I've had iterations of this argument with a Marxist friend of mine. I usually play the role of 'saving' homosexuality. It does seem true that the principal problem I see is the one you already term as reductionist. I think the problem also presupposes the equation of gender and sex, as well as the existence of gender as an unchanging facet of one's identity, rather than something that is in large part if not wholly performative.
Why do people consider self-indulgence a negative thing? Is it even a bad thing?
Why does the universe have to strictly make mathematical sense? Why can't it make poetic sense?
Look, I like big tits as much as the next guy, but don't insult my intelligence. Don't think I'm gonna buy your subpar product just because you dangle a big fat pair of tits in front of me.
Yeah, that last part is another thing, while there clearly is a biological basis to most gender-specific traits and behaviour, the expression may vary strongly due to a whole number of external factors, allowing for a multitude of constellations.Thinking about it, the perfect union of male and female only works as an ideal, the reality demands much more than a reliance on essential gender stereotypes.Also, a homophobic marxist? That's a rare specimen!
Enjoy being cucked by statisticians in the job market
Is cuck the new nigger? Will those words one day replace all others? Or should I say, cuck nigger tumblr sjw fedora, fag? Them feels.
Commercialism hasn't made man more superficial, it has only given him more ways to flaunt his superficiality.
i dont think this is new thopeople "become" their ideas, their beliefs, their friends, their jobs etc. etc. this has been going on for millennia
no you idiotniggers are what do the cuckings
Nihilism and apathy themselves negative, destructive nihilism that sees life as meaningless and therefore not worth living are the auto-destructive resolution of deep complexes that the psique is unnable to surpass in a healthy, self-actualizing way.So, instead of accepting our inherent weakness, and overcoming it in said acceptance, we make a 180º turn and decide that the rules of existence themselves are ridiculous, absurd and therefore not worth our time and effort.Destroying the notion of a rational reality and the notion of subject itself is the ultimate revolution, uprise against situations that force us to grow thus, a rectionary revolution, call it freudian death drive if you will.
I evidently meant the use of the word *tips fedora, we used to call people niggers, now we call them cucks. Back to le reddit, summerfag.
We r all start dust babies and incest filth my dick 420
There is only material things. Things like humans and trees don't actually exist, they are just material that got into some loop hole that produces the thing you see. Everything else are just your ideas or the object.
Why do we want to know what is going on? Simple, we want to be able to do more things. Understanding complex parts of the universe allows us to do complex things, to get better at what we do, and that is fun.Nobody said it can't make poetic sense though.
Life is beautiful and worth living and, even if no meaning is ultimately found, it all had its value in the end.
Wouldn't this imply that life is an end in itself and, therefore, everything that is a part of life, too, making any justification for your actions superfluous because they're an end in itself ?
If a person does good things all his life I.e help the homeless, donate, etc but while doing this things, he has bad thoughts about the things he is doing. Is he a good person?
ano shit is fuckie wagel
my ass is flakey; I am soap.
nigger hasn't been the primary go-to in quite a while. autist was the big one before cuck.
When bees build a hive out of wax we call it natural yet when humans build a house out of bricks we call it unnatural. Humans consider themselves to be outside of nature - unnatural.
I think you should read a single piece of economic literature that isn't conjecture.
The nature of man is that of willing and the nature of woman is that of willingness.
Do you believe in truth?Do you care about truth at all?Is truth unconcealment?
What is truth, OP?
I don't believe in lies
I thought truth was the essential clearing in which beings are revealed, so I guess unconcealment?I also remember Heidegger talking about how truth is won in the strife between world and earth in the work of art.
NoNoWtf
What I don't like from Heidegger is that his interpretation of what is truthful from a pragmatic approach is already interpretated in how understanding of the world as pure pragmatism. It's like our own forms of being as pragmatic beings modeled his philosophy as a pragmatic unconcealment.
Do you believe in truth?It isn't a matter of belief.
Your post makes no sense
Reach into your opa Martin's pants and find out.
Theoretically I can't get myself beyond scepticism but practically I de facto adhere to materialism and realism and accept empirical findings.
I don't careSee aboveIt's unconcealment and concealment and the prejection on, through and beyond the two as existance. At least, that's how I understood it reading Heidie.
yyy
There is no objective truth behind anything.
even your statement isn't objectively true.
nice cyclical logic
nonoDEFINE "UNCONCEALMENT"

Has Khaled Hosseini ever written an antagonist/villain who isn't a ridiculously exaggerated blackhat? tfw the villain of the book is a nazi-sympathizing pedophile and rapist who joins the Taliban
le 'nazi-sympathizing pedophile and rapist who joins the Taliban is evil'-meme
Well, only on 4chan would such a character receive sympathy or praise
back to tumblr, sweetheart
His second book is not quite as ridiculous, but still bad.Bad guy is a power tripping wifebeater whose motivations or thoughts are never explained because wifebeaters make obvious generic blackhats
You must be 18 years of age to post here./pol/
pls can we stop with the racist 'blackhats'? Thanks.Go back to /pol/ if you want to spout your vitriol
Opinions on The Satanic Bible and The Church of Satan's ideology.
How is the 8th grade going ?
/thread
It's absolute horseshit, basically mixing two of the worst corruptions of intellect ever: Ayn Rand and Occultism.Also, what the fuck is the mating signal?
Hotline MiamiBut srsly what's with all the fucking gay Satanism threads recently?
You can't /thread yourself, even if you are right; being right for the wrong reasons is insufficient.Ayn Rand and OccultismIt's basically this. At least go for da absolute madman man Edward Alexander Crowley if you want occultism.
Is this the new meme?Psoccultist symbolism / imagery  occultist texts
I barely know any of the details, but I respect anyone who recognizes the importance of evil in the world. It's immature to think one can exist without the other.
If you believe in the Christian Devil, why not just worship Jesus? Do you just misunderstand the consequences of worshiping one deity or the other? I legitimately don't understand the reasoning that serious Satanists who believe in the existence of Lucifer as a particular historico-ontological object use to justify worshiping pure evill.
Outcasts and neckbeards trying to do the edgiest thing they can to get attention.
Objectivism for goths.It's one of the worst religions out there. Even LaVey admitted that the satanic/magical stuff was just symbolic, essentially making it little more than edgy cosplay atheism.If you want to be a dark wizard or some shit like that, find an actual theistic satanist cult.
LaVeyan Satanists are atheists. They just do the occult stuff for the psychological thrill.
A merger of two of the most annoying ideologies possible: Randian Libertarianism and nu atheism.
Satanists who actually believe in Satan tend to be of the opinion that the Bible is basically a propaganda piece written by the followers of the Christian God, and does not accurately reflect the real cosmic truth of God and Satan.They usually view God as a sort of supernatural Hitler who subjugates his followers and is an all around evil tyrant. In contrast, Satan is seen more like a supernatural Ron Paul who wants to smash the system and liberate mankind from the bonds of God's false moral code.
nice post.
/lit/ is actually pretty spot on. Now delete this shit bile of a thread.
Its just edgy. Its a tired philosophy thats been around for hundreds of years with "But yeah but also with Satan because Lucifer was like that" for no reason other than to attract members. I mean just look at the websites, the photos, read accounts of everyone who claims to be one. Its nothing more than people who practice Enochian or other modern magick, a way to feel like a special snowflake in the modern day.
God made a bunch of rules, Jesus basically just came down and told everyone to stop fucking around and obey those rules because it'll make life better.So Lucifer/Satan is the embodiment of sticking it to the man and saying that everyone should make their own rules and that one god shoulden't rule over all, that the individual should.Theres something to it for sure, but the whole Satanist group and atmosphere is so edgy and far from the point that its retarded to become a part of it.
If there's anything I've learned from my high school career, its that there's a perceived divide between the liberal arts and science. That if you choose science you are abandoning culture and critical thinking. If you choose the liberal arts you are abandoning reason and problem solving. "Proust Was A Neuroscientist" blends the two quite well and leaves a bridge between the two disciplines. Personally I wish more liberal arts students would read this, since I love literature, but am an Engineering major myself. just look at that beautiful baby blue cover
there's a perceived divide between the liberal arts and science.Repeating the idea that a bridge is needed between the two only contributes to thatI hate baby blue
I think it could just be boiled down to people preferring one discipline, then chastising the other for lacking whatever. anyways the book as as a whole is various great writers and poets and how their writings were in a way predictions of actual science. Such as the phenom Proust explores when eating a lemon cookie and getting a flashback to his childhood when he ate those same cookies. Which today is named involuntary recurrent memory.
while there is a divide its not really all that much. Its only engineers biochem sociology, psych cultural studies and a couple others that get totally ass-blasted by the opposing sides.
how their writings were in a way predictions of actual science. Such as the phenom Proust explores when eating a lemon cookie and getting a flashback to his childhood when he ate those same cookies. Which today is named involuntary recurrent memory.This is your problem right here, thinking there's a necessary mystificating step inbetween empirical experience and "actual science". Writings on conscience and memory aren't "predictions in a way" of the way things will be formalized, categorized and named later on. And that's also what the humanities are so often accused of: seeking out the "SCIENCE!" stamp of approval based on superficialities like they've any worth, when all it does is highlight everybody's overall ignorancelook we're using "the scientific method", can we be called science now plz :3
tfw word decided to be awesome and not save two and a half chapters of your latest novel, then crash.Hold me, lit- I'm dying of sadness.Has anyone else had problems with word processors and lost work, especially when you really have no one to blame but yourself for trusting auto save to work?
not putting all your work in pastebin after every session
please help bury me, I'm ready to die of sadnessrecommended listening: 
My hard drive crashed with about two cash money ideas but I've forgetten em
Sorry to hear, let's all just roll in the mud together. I'm really pretty shook up about this one. All the other times word's failed me I'd lose maybe a page or two, but this was at least 5,000 words, so you can understand I feel like a total idiot right now.

3 ;n;
I use google docs just for this reason.Also because it's nice to be able to write something on my phone if I'm away from my computer.
I had heard that the license terms assumes ownership of your intellectual property.Then I asked someone today and found out they changed it.Good job, me.
2015 and not backing everything up on email or google drive.This happened to me when I was 11, guys; step it up. And good riddance, that vampire story sucked.
what? how would that even work? cut and paste the text into word sometimes and google is left with nothing.
It was an older thing a few years ago, a couple articles on it were going around.I was an early adopter so I removed all my stuff from it because of that at the time- but presumably they'd save every version of every document on their servers.
I used one drive, and it was supposed to work.apparently one drive paid word version doesn't save stuff it its after a subscription phase.But you're right my vampire story did suck
what is a USB stick
ITT: plebs who are working at a primary-school level of word processingguys I lost 200,000 words because I only saved my thesis every 3 months
I write books on paper. My first one I have written 6 years ago. I went for a holiday to Ireland. It helped me finish it. The finished book, stayed in Ireland. I went looking for it but it disappeared. I left it on a train; 300 pages which I've spent years on, gone forever.
notepad++ autosaves and makes backups and shit and all kinds of other cool shit that i could fully explain now but i feel like i'm already taking up too much of your time so just stop using word and use anything else i'm sure regular notepad is more stable than fucking word you're asking for it you idiot
and google is left with nothing.googleforgetting anything- not without a Subpoena it don't, not in your lifetime. I wouldnt trust em with my shopping list altho, they would probably know it better than I do myself anyway
But anon, in any civilized country you have the right to request every piece of personal data a company has on you.
hahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahah you poor fucking soul, four away from quads too.
Yeah.. mind and let us know, how that NSA FOIA req. works out for ya..
Is this just artists not keeping up similar to te music industries hesitation to MP3s? General thoughts?Personally I buy Ebooks and paper books but in the Ebooks world of course there is more trash but some great gems rise to the top and are easy to find... Thoughts?
Personlly I don't give a shit
The experience of reading an ebook is qualitatively much different than reading a regular book, and is inferior in pretty much every respect
How do I stop feeling so unoriginal in my thoughts and start being creative? Is academia the only intellectual career where your achievements can be set in stone? How do I get over the fact that all novels boil down to "muh feels"?
1. Just write. Write write write. That find your voice bullshit is very real as a matter of fact.2. If you consider monographs and dissertations collecting dust in the university library set in stone, then yes. Nobody is an academic for recognition's sake. 3. Stop defining your soul and its expressions with memes.
good advicethis.stop thinking all the time about death and the meaning of life etc. like it makes you a deeper person than everyone else, and just think. I am betting you do this because I've done it, and that's where thoughts like those expressed in your post come from. it's a trap that writefags are prone to.write about how you really, actually feel without being concerned about originality.think about the structure, themes, etc. of a story only a little when you're writing it or not at all. you'll be surprised how much meaning is already built in when you return to revise it, then expand on that.
what if I'm afraid of sounding pretentious, ignorant, and juvenile?
Then don't even tryStep over and hold the door open for everyone else
How do I stop feeling so unoriginal in my thoughts and start being creative?In todays post-modern society, there is no way for this to be accomplished. Well, you can go back in time and try to grow up without inane cartoons or the internet.So far the closest you can get is meld all those cliches you know from pop culture and smush them together into something with may be unoriginal, but "effective," as in manipulative for the sake of cheap feels. The future of art is kitsh, there's no stopping that. Blame mass production.
I've found that I have my best writing ideas when I'm reading good nonfiction, walking, or listening to NPR. Just taking in as much of the world as you can with less of a filter than fiction and mass consumer media provides is necessary to having original thoughts on the world
Then you are either trying too hard or not trying hard enough. It's hard to gauge. Try writing for the sake of writing with the thought in the back of your mind, "When I die someone will discover all this and only then will it be read." That's a good balance of fame-mongering and writing for writing's sake. If you are truly being too pretentious then you have to restrict yourself just a tiny bit and consider the tactic that subtlety in your writing will disguise all the traits of overblown loftiness. Play with metaphor, symbolism - anything that makes your ideas seem like an inside joke for the similarly pretentious. At the same time don't underestimate the possibility that your writing has intrinsic meaning and intellectual value.
you probably won't sound pretentious if you aren't trying too hard.you won't sound ignorant if you write what you know about.you'll sound juvenile for a while, until you have some words under your belt, gotten criticism from a bunch of other people even if that means internet people, since this is 4chan and there is the likelihood you have very few friends, and had some life experience.and btw, since life experience is brought up a lot on here, it doesn't mean go sailing to India or anything or living like Oscar Wilde. learn how to learn from everything that happens to you and everybody around you. fun fact that helped me a lot whenever I felt hopelessly inferior to my favorite author: William S. Burroughs thought babies were born from women's bellybuttons until he was 18, when his friends at Harvard informed him otherwise.
Cut yourself off from all social media, including /lit/.
Idk, man. I think creativity for the sake of creativity turns it into a vanity project. My advice is to just do stuff you like. If you can't be satisfied with that, you won't be satisfied with anything.
The vote to end it all.Who has better translations of Dostoevsky?Garnett or P&V?
reading transla-
translations
Reading books in a language which is not the original
not being fluent in every language relevant to the literary canon
/lit/ I'm sure you're well read enough to know that dragons used to be associated with the devil, chaos, and other bad connotations. My question is when did dragons switch to their present day image as wise, good creatures? Is there any point in western literature where they definitively were seen as good from then on?
Aren't they still evil according to the Hobbit?
Yes, but dragons aren't always evil in today's literature. Back in Middle Ages a dragon was a stand in for the devil, which is clearly what influenced Tolkien. But it also shows up in other mythologies, Greek had the dragon killed by Apollo and Artemis, Norse had the Nidhogg, etc.I can think of quite a few fantasy series which positively feature dragons Dragonriders of Pern being most obvious, but I'm trying to track down when this change occurred. It's clear that at some point people decided to stop being so scared/shrewd of dragons, I'm just trying to figure out when.
bump
Also in ASOIAF where they're described as 'fire made flesh' and when Daenerys looks into Drogon's eyes she thinks how she is looking into hell
Perhaps its something that came from Asia? China and Japan consider dragons water gods. Considering those countries depended so much on water to grow rice all their history, dragons probably had really good connotations there. Once the idea that they weren't all that bad and were pretty godly things got to spreading, Europeans kept the fire breathing cuz it was cool and stopped being so religious about their depiction.Just a theory, last time I tried doing research on this I ended up with a bunch of dragon myths and no in depth historical explanation. The idea MAYBE spread to Europe by the end of the 1800's or Mid-1900's and Tolkien would've kept to the evil dragon idea because all of his inspirations were stuff like the Kalevala and European myths written before then.
The Bard
the ghostbuster
The Good, The Bard and The Ugly
The Riddler
The hack
The Demon
the wild card
The Kafkaesque
The Redeemer
Who is this semen demon?
the warrior

the cuck
#cuckt
The Paedophile
The Bitch
/lit/'s newest dank meme
The Demon
The Meme
The Illuminator
The Orwellian Writer
I'm a huge Orson Welles
young Goebbels
ITT: Post some big ol' books
YESES
big books or little people?
This ol' book is really really big
This massive book is big even for big people
WOW, those sure are some BIG honkin' books!
Too big a book?
what's the matter anon? my last boyfriend liked big big bookies
Shouldnt this girl be the enemy of /lit/?
What is the best novel in the Dark Tower series and why is it pic related?
I can't decide between Wastelands or The Drawing of the Three, but Wolves of the Calla is definitely underrated, the hate is undeserving and it has some of the best action scenes in the series plus Callahan's backstory post-Salem's Lot before arriving in Midworld is interesting. Eddie's development as well as the other members in Roland's Ka-tet is a bonus too.
I thought Wolves was so bad that I dropped the entire series because of it
It only gets worse from there, the last two books look like a bad struggle for closing the series... somehow, at any cost.The best for me is No. 1, the Gunslinger. Even though the first four are all good, Roland is never as Tower-focused again as we see him in the Gunslinger ready to sacrifice everything and everybody.
Imho Gunslinger and then Wastelanads.
Definitely agree, The Gunslinger was beautiful.
Gunslinger, only rivaled by Drawing of Three
I don't know I stopped reading after the third book because it was getting exponentially worse every page.
Which ones should I actually read? The first four then leave the series altogether?Do the books end annoyingly on cliffhangers so then I'll feel forced to read the next book, even if it's garbage?
Only the third one ends in a cliffhanger.If you get caught by the story, you'll eventually read them all. It'd be hard to stop after V having the end so in... sight I guess. However, the Gunslinger is readable standalone, feel free to try and leave it there.
I've read the whole thing more than once. I think it's safe to say you won't be missing anything if you skip the series and author altogether
Just read The Wind Through The Keyhole.Fun standalone story inside a story inside a story featuring gore, shape-shifters, ancient forests and evil wizardry. I liked it a lot.
I'll check out The Gunslinger first, just in case if it's my cup of tea. It'll probably be dirt cheap so if I don't like it, I'm sure I won't be fussed.
Yeah frankly you're better off reading the Gunslinger and then stopping there. It's obvious that King just made up some bullshit story up as he went along to develop it into muh magnum opus. I honestly believe the King who wrote the Gunslinger would've been disappointed at what the series turned into.
If you read The Gunslinger, DON'T read the little sisters of eluria if it's included at the beginning, because it completely ruins the mystery and bleakness of the first chapters.
That's not Wizard & Glass. More Cuthbert  everything else.
It's Wizard and Glass. Best story and most interesting characters.
The best part of the Dark Tower series is dropping it after reading 3/4s of the first book.
JR by William Gaddis
Wizard then Drawing then Gunslinger.
If it ever become tv series/movies I'm really curious about how they will deal with teenagers having sex all the time.
Wizard and Glass was the one I enjoyed the most, although the first was also pretty good.
reading anything by King except "On Writing"frog sounds
Am I the only one who just can't read Stephen King anymore? I read so much of it in my younger years that all his work feels stale to me. Even the Dark Tower saga is just meh now.
Why do people consider self-indulgence a negative thing? Is it even a bad thing?
/lit/
do you like drug addicts and fat people?
Self-indulgence is vanity by another name, and over-the-top vanity is repulsive to many.Nietzsche said it best, "The vanity of others offends our taste only when it offends our vanity."
I'm talking about self-indulgence used as a criticism towards a writer.
OP again. For example, people on lit and mu look at people that make things for others as just making products, and prefer people that make things for themselves. How does this square with the idea of self-indulgence? Do we actually like self-indulgent work? Do mainstream readers or listeners prefer something more like a product?
Thread over. Pack it in, folks.
 Thread/
missing the point
Fine OP, you have clearly made up your mind before you even started the thread that self-indulgence is not a bad thing. Enjoy being a fat drug addict. Next time please try to post something that is at least tangentially related to literature.
Try reading the other posts in this thread.
/lit/ is for philosophy too you psuedo intellectual
could you please summarize them for me?suede intellectualHey guiz what's the meaning of life? Great /lit/ thread huh?
It's a lonely thing, in a solipsism type of way.
Why do people consider self-indulgence a negative thing?Because it doesn't provide them with any positive value.
People generally don't care about self-indulgence but it has a few meanings. To just treat yoself is fine as long as you don't over-indulge. Self-indulgent often has the meaning of being selfish or self-serving - that is getting yourself off while pissing other people off. In which case... you are pissing people off.
Stop asking these stupid question about good or bad without defining a morality system.If you say you're a Christian, or Aristotelian or something we can talk.If you're a subjectivist we can't because according to your system there is no good and bad.A more productive discussion would be to compare the different systems since once you pick a system the argument is over. Or, you could appeal to a system held by lots of people and make the argument that self-indulgence is a good because it does X good, or that self-indulgence is not a bad, because here are the bads: X, Y, Z, and self-indulgences doesn't lead to them
Only someone who grew up not knowing any way of being other than a self-indulgent one could even ask such a question.
Because it runs against the grain of herd morality
It is basically hedonism.If you don't know or understand why hedonism is bad for you, you simply haven't been a hedonist for long enough. It hits everybody eventually. Dumb people get it last, for obvious reasons, but even they forsake it close to the end of their lives.tl;dr I refuse to keep explaining away hedonism for young people who simply won't get it until they learn the hard way.
Hedonism is bad because I say soIf you don't agree with me you are STUPIDYou'll agree with me later and then you won't be stupid anymoretl;dr blah blah blah conjectural opinions
Hey guiz what's the meaning of life? Great /lit/ thread huh?Bataille is the intersection of /lit/ and philosophy if you really thing that indulgence/excess isn't related to the board
See 
Your pic reminded me of this.
Hey do you guys like cheese?wtf, that doesn't have anything to do with /lit/No it's relevant because there are books about cheesesrsly?wtf does /mu/ have to do with /lit/?
We need to get the phrase 'I felt like Lovecraft in Brooklyn' into common usage for showing an overwhelming disgust at something.
One of the best short stories ever written, anon.
Why is philosophy and english literature considered worthless degrees?Where does this meme come from?
Disgruntled STEM majors
Maybe because 'universities' are supposed to be one-way tickets to 'employment' and English literature and philosophy are traditionally the orient express to 'unemployability'. If you still clutch to naive notions of third level institutions being honourable places of learning, you have a lot of growing up to do pal.
Because these are useless in the so called "workforce" a.ka. Wagecucks, the academia is shitty than ever and, autistic stem people.
Because they are end-in-themselves
Pretty much this.
What will I ever do with my literature degree? I am quite unsure of the jobs I could get with it other than teaching and fuck teaching.
english is not considered a worthless degreephilosophy is, and that's because it fucking is useless.
Chip chap chop Cock
Because few people see what kind of jobs you can get with those, and fail to see how selective those fields are.
there are also a lot of dumb English majors who think they are getting a Professional Writer degree and don't know how to build and apply the skills that a lib arts program gives you. My friend used his English BA to get a job in finance because he developed great critical thinking and communication skills, and he does his job better than most people he works with. He can also do pretty much everything else in life better than most career-oriented students, who have serious tunnel vision.
Is there a field of knowledge that is essentially outside the erach of the monolingual person?Philosophy, literature and cinema are famously for the polyglots, and now I'm inclined to think that if you only speak english and limit yourself to anglo-american historians, you'll always be ignorant in history.
erach reach* of course
whatever helps you sleep at night
limiting yourself to languageYou'll always be ignorant in history if you can't learn to think beyond the limitations of language
LinguisticsComparative LiteratureThere's also pretty much no way to become a respected professional philosopher if you can't read either of or both ancient Greek or German.
Is Herodotus' Histories the fun book of tall tales I've been lead to believe or is it just a boring, archaic history book?
read it and find out you retard
I'm writing an essay on "philosophy and film" and i'm quite new to philosophy. Can anyone here recommend some good articles or some other sources which i can skim through cause i won't have time to read entire books on the subject.
I'm writing an essay on "philosophy and film"and i'm quite new to philosophyput that off for a while mate
Fallout imageI'm writing an essay on "philosophy and film" and i'm quite new to philosophysome good articles or some other sources which i can skim through cause i won't have time to read entire books on the subjectGo away
Sadly not doable, and it doesn't have to be something out of this world. 5page essay with something not dumb included...
You should read all of Plato's Dialogues. Most of them can be found on wikipedia and you can get his book "The Republic" as most libraries. That will give you a really good idea of philosphy.
literally only image on my pc, as it's a wallpaper that my coworker put up yesterday... My bad if it really makes you mad or some shit.
watch Robert Bresson's pickpocketlist all the obvious ways it is a critique of rational egoismget b+ on paper????profit
Google your favorite film with 'philosophy of said film', see what it brings up and focus on whatever it brings up and if it's five pages it really won't matter if it's correct tbh la
"Philosophy and film"New to philosophyI think it's safe to assume you are in art school or worse, if such a thing is possible high school. In that case, I recommend you to watch Zizeks "Pervert's guide to cinema" and/or "Pervert's guide to ideology".It'll cover your 5-year old attention span and allow you to plagiarize something your professors/teachers are too dumb to understand and/or know the existence of.
As garbage as it is look up some stuff on French Post-modernism. It'll look sciencey and complicated and give your film studies professor a tremendous sense of self importance and make him feel like a "scholar"
Here:Curious to your thoughts on these 3
Thank you for suggestions guys. It's actually a philosophy uni, and i know some basic 1st year stuff, but i have problems approaching and connecting the two. Don't judge me cause i'm still getting used to this no-spare-time system.
unino spare timewat
Mix it with a full time job + traveling, and it gets quite exhausting.
What Uni is it?
I honestly can't see a connection to my interests here.It's in a cold 1st world country in Europe.It's a bitch.
And to clarify, i also doubt my thoughts can be of any interest to you. I didn't want to sound cocky...
Don't want to start a new thread,but I was recently recommended Stirner's work for understanding thought process. You seem knowledgeable anon, does any of this ring a bell?
Have you ever watched a film, OP?Pic related. Scorsese's discourse. This is just an attempt to merge the auteur theory with the Aristotelian causes and even the political separation of powers.
This is how those "Philosophy and the Big Bang Theory" books get written. OP has a $10K contract from a major publisher for this
How to you read e-books. Like I could never go without a hard, physical book in my hand..how do you guys do it?
I could never read a E-book either unless it was instruction an instruction manual for a program or something or a guide.I just lose interest right away if its not a physical/real book right there in my hands.
If you spend a few months living a mobile lifestyle, it's kinda hard to carry a buncha books around with you.That being said when I'm at home I only read physical copies.
I read tai pei and some of lin's short stories inb4 hate on my phone. it felt content-appropriate. i tried reading will self's quantity theory of insanity on my phone and it's a drag. i don't like the homogeneity of it; how everything is just rendered the same way on a phone or a reader, no difference. i feel like this is a bigger deal especially with older books, because they were expected to be read in print. idk. maybe this is hypocritical. i feel there's a sense of profanity and banality to reading something on an ereader, because reading capital L literature is arguably about contemplation, something you actively do, something that requires effort, patience, care, passion, whatever. traditionally the medium would reflect that not always, but still: a book is something that takes effort and care to produce, before digital typesetting everything had to be set by hand, every word, even now with DTP books that are meant for print will be set semi-automatically but with care and every page and paragraph will be checked for readability, aesthetics, etc. something just feels wrong about reading a work of literature that took weeks, months and probably years to produce in a format that was automagically shat out and set by a program. it removes the human element and with it the element of care, of love in formatting, typesetting, choosing an appropriate font, deciding how large the margins between textblocks and the edge of the paper will be, the coice of the paper itself, all that stuff.i went to an artsy high school and i had a big discussion with a teacher who was all about DTP because, he thought, it made it easier to print more stuff faster - - i think it's a double edged sword, back when you had to cut/etch every illustration that would go into print into a plate wooden or otherwise you really had to CARE about it. it simply wouldn't make sense to invest so much time into something and not mind how you're doing it. that's the same way i feel about ereaders and ebooks; there's potential there, but right now it's all very much about selling those things and not so much about creating something both highly functional and aesthetically pleasing. the typesetting is shit, and it affects how you perceive the text and how easy it'll be to read; there's a lot of buggy and wonky shit like page numbers being tracked in weird ways, the unwieldiness of the e-ink screens especially slower ones, issues with file formats, etc.i also think removing the physical element from literature or anything is a questionable step from various perspectives - - ie, the question of digital ownership, the loss of a general physicality / tangibility of things, the same-ification of everything; it's very much within the general trend of progress / utilitarianism / quantity over quality and a fixation on low price and comfort.and don't think there's anything inherently wrong with using them, just, idk, i'm a bit skeptical personally
Ebooks I have are the books I am too embarrassed to physically buy and read, simple as that.E.g 48 laws of power etcAlso not gonna waste money on shit like that anyway
I could never go without a hard, physical cock in my mouthOh OP...
Jesus Christ what a cunt. Get the fuck over yourself m8.
Tell me friend, why does my opinion upset you so.
Was it autism?
Being on 4chan.Making these kinds of threads on /lit/.Not using Google before asking stupid questions.
Submissive stoicism or avoidant personality disorder.
I'm reading this right now  he just began his affair it is really fucking good and William Stoner is a modern hero.
With no intent to rustle anyone's jimmies, does anyone here have any suggestions for audiobooks? Specifically audiobooks easily accessible from a phone and for free. I work 12 hour shifts 5 days a week in a lab where I have no need for interaction with others. Currently my resources, limited as they are, consist of librivox and youtube. Pic maybe related? Who honestly caresCheers
Same boat as you but can't help of coarse I'm afraid. Mind telling me which YouTube ones were any good for you?
I enjoyed Roy Dotrice reading ASoIaF.David Sedaris reads his own stuff and that's a mostly enjoyable experience, easy to have in the background while you work.There are youtube uploads Douglas Adams reading HGttG, and ose were good funpic related was excellent, no issues with the readers. Not something you can say with most librivox uploads
Kind of baffled there isn't any other response yet.Not even the "inbehfourshittayste" nonsense or "audiobooks a shit" response Who are you all and what have you done with /lit
Audiobooks are more slowly consumed than books poetry notwithstanding. Since /lit/ reads for status it needs to read as fast as possible, and therefore has little concretized interest in audiobooks.As for the lack of hostile reaction, there's been a lot of genreshit and christposting lately, we're just a bit worn out, sorry. Faggot.
any good non fiction audio books? no pod casts pleasepreferably to do with history
Actually ever since Youtube installed a speed option, I've been listening to them at 1.5 speed, they're cool. Almost done with Virginia Woolf's entire bibliography cuz of it. Not for status though, those narrators are just so slow.
Is there anything that is illegal to write/ write about in the US?
jews
jet fuelsteel beamsThere you go
That's illegal in Europe, not in the US... right?
intelligence/national security stuff, but you can write about it AFTER someone else wrote about it.
Stuff that tries to incite terrorism.
Skull and Bones, Bohemian Grove. anti-Feminism.
I know child rape and abuse aren't illegal to write about, but almost no publisher will touch a contemporary novel with it. Might as well be illegal.
Just self-publish your creepy fetish fanfiction. Probably easier to market it towards your core demographic of creepy weirdos.
what a great fucking idea, write the edgiest shit you can think of and release it to the world...i'm going to write a terrorism-fueled anti-feminist erotic fiction that glorifies enslaving landwhales and commercializing the female body in ways that promotes islam, pedophilic incest-harems, hard drug usage, and forced abortions.wish me luck.
If it isn't satirical, ironic, or dystopian, good luck finding assholes who will want to read it.
I was think of more of the last few taboos left in Western literary culture.as for this I still think it's possible if you establish yourself first.
Yeah, you can't advocate violent acts if your readers are likely to follow through.
What about something with a really depraved message. Some story were all of the moral characters fail at the most vile, child fucking, slaughtering, lazy, racist piece of shit wins.
Write it while you're at guantamo bay, you'll be kind of a Sade
creepy fetish fanfictionYou got the wrong guy, all I did was write about a catholic priest! It started pious, it wasn't my fault I just wrote the truth!
that would be some serious commitment... honestly i was just thinking of writing it inbetween fapping to doujins to give it that crazed japanese spirit
Hulp - was thinking about this/related - which, exactly, was the Ian Banks novel that had the bro/sis incest, again? - Wasp Factory was deranged, but, I dont think it was that..Google is more less answering, every fucking he wrote, apparently.
every fucking *book he wrote.. FFS..
2015not being fully committed to your goalsNot gonna make it bro
2015posting on 4chan
bestiality
terrorism
Literary confession thread
I have no intention on reading any book by DFW. I have no intention on reading any play T.S. Eliot. I immediately disregard someone's opinion when they tell me they read scifi, fantasy, or YA.
The Pale King blows Infinite Jest out of the water.
sci fi Top kek
I don't actually read books. I just brief the summaries as I drive through the Beverly Hills in my new lamborghini
I feel the exact same way.a/s/l ???
Sometimes I get bored while reading and just skim the page, missing some vital information. Then I'll hit something later on that forces me to recall something from earlier, but I won't be able to. Instead, I'll just plow ahead because I want to finish. I do this with most books.
I post on /lit/ as if I know anything about Shakespeare, the Greeks, the Bible, various Russian authors, none of which I've actually read and simply regurgitate what I've heard other /lit/ users say. In reality, all I've ever read is Harry Potter and Terry Pratchett lel.
I am the one who's been constantly complaining about christposts. I just do it to be edgy and stir up quality banter. I'm actually a christian.
my taste is composed solely of books found on various /lit/ flowcharts
I am Thomas Pynchon and I make all the threads about myself. me and my friend Tao Lin are responsible fro 80% of the posts on this board.
You all are part of my imagination and do not actually exist.
I believe this.
I'm responsible for 15% of the Kolsti posting
I read book summaries and pretend to have actually read themPeople expect I'm well read...
hi every1 im new!!!!!!! holds up fountain pen my name is Tom but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF b00m!!!!!!!! lol…as u can see im very literary!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet literary ppl like me _… im 78 years old im mature 4 my age tho!! i like 2 watch The Simpsons w/ my shota im bi if u dont like it present a cogent argument as to why its degeneratcy matters in the nuclear age its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO literary!!!! he's litarary 2 of course but i want 2 meet more literary ppl = like they say the more the merrier!!!! lol…neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of book recs!!!!NIGGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! --- me bein literary again _^ hehe…toodles!!!!!love and bananas,t3h PeNgU1N oF b00m
I copy and paste popular threads from r/books here all the time. The responses are almost identical.:^
Hey Postmodernists,My name is Dave, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day ironically dismissing this world we live in1. You are everything bad in the first world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any audience pussy or smell cunt in the air? I mean, I guess it’s fun being ironic because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than watching TV and smoking pot.2Don’t be a stranger. Just hit me with your best serve. I’m pretty much perfect. I was captain of the tennis team, and starter on my MFA program3. What sports do you play, other than “jack off to how smart you are and make the reader feel stupid”? I also get straight A’s, and have a smoking hot girlfriend I just cheated on her for some audience pussy; Shit was SO cash. You are all faggots who should just hang yourselves. Sincerely, thanks for listening.Pic Related: It’s me and my bitch1. w/rt everything in life being significant and part of the human experience.2. and but so you should try it sometime.3. UA. The University of Arizona.
I immediately disregard someone's opinion when they tell me they read scifi, fantasy,if that's what you want to do, budMy confession is I really only like reading about war.
Kek. This is the most believable post ITT.
nice
I think I might actually be insane.
I haven't read a book from an actual published or accredited author in over a year. I've just been reading self-published stuff and amateur stuff and I feel like I have a much broader literary range because of it.
So long as you're aware of it and keeping tabs on it you're fine.As it turns out, the entire human race is actually batshit insane. Society just does a really, really good job of making people look sane by normalizing them.
I think Shogun is my favorite fiction book.
My crush reads YA, and liked The Fault In Our Stars.She reads more sophisticated, philosophical things as well, she just reads YA for fun sometimes. I respect her for not being pretentious about the books she reads.
only 15%? why do you do this?
Alex Rider is in my top 10
Lol
I read Ulysses, but really didn't understand any of it.
I have extreme motivational issues even when it comes to the smallest things and I can barely bring myself to read, ever. I come here for the philosophical chats
Try audio books. Your ears don't get apathetic. Even if it's a poor way to digest information for a lot of people, it's better than spending your brain power worrying about shit all the time.
I feel like a fool for never having tried that before.Thanks, anon!
kekkek
I haven't read a book in a year and tonight I started to try to read one but I got up and cooked instead. There are currently two books right beside me but here I am browsing 4chan.I used to read a ton all the time and I feel like a failure for not keeping it up.
You seem like you'd actually be a pretty cool dude.
I just want to write one worthwhile thing.
My confession is that I'm not entirely sure what pretentious means even though I hear it all the time and I could easily look it up if I wanted.
Jesus this is some next level shite
wow, like, not even the easy first 3 chapters?
Well I understood what people were saying in the chapters themselves, but didn't really get an overall plot. I read the book over a long time so that's probably why. I do remember the first chapter being easier than the rest though.
kek'd
being this new and posting
I believe I can become a good writer even though I've never written more than 5 pages for a single idea.
I've read maybe 100 books but act like I'm super well-read

i lied on my resume
Didn't you kill yourself? Please correct this.
i like murakami
I write erotica to pay bills

I find written sex more of a turn on than real sex.
is there any chance of literary erotica ie anais nin or Angela carter making money self publishing?
Yes. Check out minitruepornsec.
I consider Stephen King one of the best modern storytellers in the classical sense. His only flaw is that he doesn't know how to end half of his stories.
minitruepornsec google has zero results for this?
It's a board on 8 C H dot net. I'm assuming posting the url will be an autoban because it's one of those stupid sites that tried to take 4chan's userbase.
I've read 34 books in my life. 34. And I'm 25. And yet I pretend to be this erudite scholar on a Burmese cartoon website
I used to read a lot of science fiction like Asimov/Clarke and so on I still have no idea about anything that happened in Neuromancer. Sometimes I like to reread them.Nowadays I just read Russian and Brazilian/Portuguese authors. The more I read Tolstoy though the more I feel like I'm copying his style in my own writings.I have no interest in reading DFW or Joyce, even though I intend to read the stuff you guys mention in the "start with the greeks" meme.
cool, thanks for that, I'm checking it out nownot sure how literary it is though...
I read Tampa by Alissa Nutting and enjoyed it.
Holy fuck that pasta is stale
I don't think my work will ever make it out into the world and I want to die.
What brazilian writers? Just got into Machado de Assis and want to know more
Guimarães Rosa, Lima Barreto, Aluísio Azevedo, Graciliano Ramos. I like Érico Veríssimo and Jorge Amado too.
I think most American authors are shit.I agree with Harold Bloom re DFW
I don't enjoy reading anymore most books at least. I realized it not long ago when it came to me that it had been a long time since I had really wanted to pick up a book for the book itself and not just to finish it. I blame /lit/ for this : I don't read to enjoy it anymore, I read stuff just to say I've read it. Examples : Plato's Republic, Thus spoke Zarathustra, anything by kafka except the Trial and his commentaries on various stuff, The Myth of Sysiphus By Camus while I enjoyed his other works this one sort of felt like a chore.I literally became a namedropping faggot, and I regret it. Trying to "cure" that by reading stuff I enjoy like Murakami, rereading The Elegance of the Hedgehog etc...
There's a first edition gravity's rainbow for sale at the bookstore in nyack new york right now. It's Paperback. Pretty good condition.And costs 24 dollars.I didn't but it, will YOU?
i read fiction for the imagery and atmosphere
i hate 'the greeks' and ancient roman culture
My confession is that I basically just read whatever I please for the pleasure of it.Comics, Young Adult fiction, classics, vintage pulps, philisophical tracts, biographies, autobiographies, technical manuals, even eyecatching young children's books.I think of people who limit themselves to certain genres of book to be blunted, inflexible, and probably pointless to debate.
I don't hate them but I'm not much of a Classicist and usually just skim ideas and read excerpts for other stuff. I derive very little pleasure, aesthetic or otherwise, from reading Greeks
Trying to "cure" that by reading stuff I enjoy like Murakami,It's all cause you have bad taste and shoot stick to reading pleb shit.Look. No offense but from what you've said you should stick to other authors that write for yuppies then. Pic related might be to your liking.
Does nobody remember this meme
Bad taste can't be curedAlso John Green is fucking awful don't underestimate me that much.Also I realized I made a mistake by not mentioning that I was talking about Ryu Murakami. Changes a button of things actually.
Alright, fair enough. We've all got different tastes and we all end up especially if one spends much time on here reading things we'd never pick for ourselves. That's obviously the problem. Happy reading.
I'm distracted from my reading by /lit/.
I loosely subscribe to different philosophical positions in what has been called "cultural marxism".
I've been putting off the last 200 pages of Moby Dick for half a year
browsed Nineteen eighty-four once, it looked boring, skipped it.started on Dune but didn't get far.
Kill yourself
I can't read more than a chapter a week of the wind up bird chronicle. I'm frightened of getting cancer. Only about 300 pages left.
It feels like shitposting has increased in the last 2 weeks baby.
I constantly seek validation on my writing, despite thinking that what I'm writing is of at least above average quality.I also think I have something to say that nobody has written about before, but I'm afraid that I'm wrong and I haven't read anything new enough to see if it has been said before.
I'm unironically an anti-natalist.
It's my fault, I'm sorry. Been online 24/7, im not even sleeping.
I haven't read a book in four years, but i read lit blogs, which gives me enough knowledge about books to shitpost here, and have discussions with people.
I have been sending in short stories to magazines for 5 years now. Exactly ONE of the dozens of entries I have sent in has been printed. It's about a guy who summons a succubus to take his virginity but is so massively awkward he manages to fuck the whole process up.It's 90% word-for-word translated transcription of when I hired an escort, 
Any way for me to read this? I need to for...research purposes. Yeah, that.
I comment a lot in philosophy threads but all I know about philosophy is from my grade 12 philosophy course and a few library books I've leafed through since then.
Better written in parts but I don't know man... IJ is just so damn creative, entertaining, and insightful all at once
I spend more time on /lit/ than reading books
Although I've started reading Catch-22 many times, I have never made it further than halfway in.
12 philosophy course and a few library books I've leafed throughTo be fair, that's twice as much philosophy knowledge as most of lit.
Holy shit please post it
I stirnerpost a lot more than that which is healthy for someone who has only read around 15 pages of stirner :^
playI don't blame you. Stick with his poetry and essays.Back to r/books, pls
I don't read or write anything of worth, only shitpost.
I mainly read Warhammer books, and imho believe this board has awful taste.
i laugh everytime i see one of these posts:Bhutanese carpet appreciation board?Zimbabwean fly fishing image boardPolynesian coconut throwing message boardAlbanian woodworking boardLiechtensteinian lithography image-swapping board
Bulgarian bodybuilding sanhedrin
boardboardboardboardboarduse ur imagination the possibilities are endless in this Kowloon fishing village outpost
those are just a sample of the ones i've saved within the past 4 days of casual browsing.
VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT
mfw two of those are mine
i fucking hate this place and i keep coming back
hemmingway plz go.
saving these postsautism
Ever since I started lit in university I can't stand reading
fuck off tirapiedrai still seek the meaning of life
Ayyy
I masquerade as a really really dumb atheist from /lit/ to deter people from joining atheism
I'm not sure I ever liked books. I just wanted to look smart and maybe get better at brainstorming my own creative ideas, but at the end of the day I still feel like a poser when among people who actually enjoy books.I feel like I should draw a horror comic because that's probably the best I can do without embarrassing myself too much.
I don't read often, it takes me about two weeks to read a novel although sometimes i sit down and finish the whole book in a couple of hours.I've read about 30 books in the last 4 years not including uni stuff.
I feel anxiety about my intellectual incompetence and I don't know how to get better. I try to read, but I often get overwhelmed because there is just so much to read and, since I think I will lose too much, I don't want to read things out of order, so I just stop reading altogether.

How do you balance your urge to create against the banality of the real world without going insane?
u stop being al il bitch haha
you indulge in fantasy to escape reality.this is NEET life lesson #1.you would have learned this is you just paid the $19.99 for the level 1 GOLD NEET ACCESS like all the rest of us.
Since there has been complaining about the essentials chart, I'm making an ultimate authors of fantasy chart. Who are they?Tolkein, Wolfe, Lovecraft, Jordan, DeLint, Dunsany, Eddison, Sanderson, Howard, Macdonald, Martin and Crowley are who I have thus far.
Why have Lovecraft when you can have Borges? Lovecraft did one thing asides from his early works and one thing only. Borges could capture some of the elements of Lovecraft at his best while still having a world of other ideas to use.
Homer, Dante, Spenser
Might want to add Stephen Donaldson and Fritz Leiber. Maybe Terry Pratchett and Erikson.
inb4 genre fiction
I haven't read any of his other books, but Richard Morgan's The Steel Remains was pretty good for Fantasy. His gay protagonist is rather unique but well integrated not homobait.
Has /lit/ heard of Jack Vance?
No Chambers OP?
Le Guin, Zelazny, Pullman YA-ish but better written than Tolkein in my opinion, Moorcock.Rushdie and Marquez are two of my favorite writers, and I'd argue that they are fantasy, but for the purpose of a list like this you probably don't want to include them or any other magical realism. You probably also want to cut off relatively recently and disinclude stuff like Homer and Milton for similar though not exactly the same reasons.This might have some good suggestions: though I think general consensus holds that Book of the New Sun is more correctly SF than F I would agree.Vance is probably a good suggestion too though I've only read his SF.
Jordan? Nah. Also don't include Zelazny, it's not very good. The best I read of his was the sci-fi one, the Amber series is pretty shit.Include Milton and Alan Moore. And by Crowley do you mean Aleister if so what fantasy work of his are you thinking of, I'd love to read it.
John Crowley. Just get uncle als collection of masturbation poetry.
including Sanderson and Jordan with all of those authorsWhat the fuck. If you want this to be a serious list remove them. If you insist on including them then you might as well add Christopher Paolini and whatsherface who wrote Harry Potter.Add all these except maybe Erikson.
Are fables fantasy? Then Aesop.Is The Master & Margarita fantasy? Then Bulgakov.You never stated why not to include them. So why? Don't see why it has to be "elves" fantasy only, that'd make a very short list.
Little, Big
Clark Ashton Smith
JordanSandersonshiggydiggyAlso don't include Zelazny, it's not very good.Lord of Light is fine viewed as fantasyRH Lafferty is when not fully sci-fi closer to tales than fantasy but may fit.Perhaps Rabelais.Chretien de Troyes & other arthurian fantasy T H White's Once and Future KingLewis Carroll surely counts?
Stay madSanderson is the god of magic and Jordan brought a great deal many revolutions still in use today
Machen, Bierce, MacDonald.
Didn't someone make a containment board for your kind of pleb?...Here 
Pullman YA-ish but better written than Tolkein in my opinionButt mad atheist detected. Face it, the superior patrician Catholic was a far superior writer and mind than pleb Pullman ever will be  and I fucking LOVED The Golden Compass. TFW armored bears. [/spoiler}
Which type of meme will your chart incorporate?Are you going to do a tier-chart?A progression start-here, then go-here chart?A general chart with a bunch of books?Categorize your memes bro.
TA Baron
Where did OP go? This could actually turn out well if he ever returns.
mate Homer ain't fantasy, that's shit's real.
Am I a fag for genuinely enjoying the Inheritance cycle?
No, just uneducated and basic
Paolini is posting it again
If you have to ask.
i still think that it should have ended on the third book
All those books are self-insert power fantasies, written by a frustrated juvenile boy.All they can ever be decent for is a psychoanalytical interpretation, completely discarding any intent on the author's side.
I enjoyed it, so yes
I enjoyed it the same way people enjoyed "Goblins" or "The Room"
covers consist of slithery penises. allegation confirmed.
Yes
Yeah they we're pretty bad tbh
I think I stopped at Brisingr, or maybe inherentenceHow does the brother control such a strong amount of magic?The early parts of Roran Stronghammer, similar to Victarion in GoT, is my favorite style of writing
How does the brother control such a strong amount of magic?He and Galbatorix have eldunaris of all the dragons Galby killed. They are used as a source of energy by MurtaghYes. What the fuck? Only kids like this bullshit.
they look more like those hook dildos tbh
The first book was decent, at least in the opinion of my self a decade ago. The rest are what I read to POWs to make them break.
When In middle school and high school acceptable to enjoy. Later on it's i guess the same as reliving childhood dreams
If you're over twelve then yes tbh.
...what's wrong with you, man?What caused you to hate yourself so much? Huh? Honestly, tell me. Let it out. Is it just because you're lazy and uninspired because you played vidya too long?This is an anonymous site...why are you so fucked in the head that you have to spend the time trying to have other anon's approve your anonymous self by what you like?
Yes. What the fuck? Only kids like this bullshit.I didn't even like them when I was a kid
Am I a fagYou're posting on /lit/, you don't even need to ask
i can guarantee you all that Paolini is in this thread right now
I'm not!
Lets just say you can do better OP.
I'm having a presentation about L'etranger et I don't want it to be like them others. I have sent vaguely disturbing essays all year and I'm trying to keep going in that direction. What are some talking points that will suit my goal? A genuine question. Thanks.Pic related: Mersault
What are you trying to communicate on your presentation?You could make it about how the main character on the novel grows from a detached being roaming the world to an actual human being but only after having killed.
not just calling it the strangerstop posting
OP is French, friend
I like this idea and if you go through Camus' notebooks he talks about this. For you OPcapital punishment. The criminal is killed because the crime has spent all the capacity for living a man has. He has experienced everything if he has killed. He can die. Murder drains a man.
Did he kill the Arab to try to become a human being because he realized he wasn't one after not crying at his mother's death
If you can read french, an algerian recently wrote a fanfic novel from the arab's point of view called Meursault Contre Enquete, which won some shit prizes and all. Might give you ideas. haven't read it
bear with me i'm not a native speaker the dude suffered from dissociative identity disorder he was frenchalgerian born he couldn't support one side without the fear of losing the otherput your self in his boots what do?i mean the algerians were my neighbours, friends i played soccer with them i loved their music, customs they invited me to their wedding ceremonies I attended their funerals and participated in many Haḍra I sympathize with them with their cause i fell for khadija the sweet virgin daughter of Douja the old turkish lady they were nice to me they sent me tea, homemade rose water, nuts, grapes and Makroud i will never forget ramdan nights in Belkour damn-but i'm a french fag i simply can't forget where i came fromo lawd am'i french or Algerian o lawd help mehwell i wrote a novel in which the protagonist kills a poor fag arab as a redemption to make my french people reconcile me but anon the Algerian will rage against him, no they will not i send them this link : i show them that i couldn't win frenche fag hearts as they will put me on trial because i didn't greive my mother's death mother represents france the fucking colonistation cause  he didn't greive because he was bussy defending the Algerian cause or whatever so he was french but never considred as one you know for he critisizing the colonisation many times anyway he chosed france his mother at the end and i don't hate himwhat about the dead arab? well who gives a fuck : need to re-read camus from the colonized perspective
no
You wish
Not OP, but could you compare this with Dostoevsky's Raskolnikov?
Jesus Christ dat grammar
Has anyone considered republishing this with the title "Death of a Redditor"?Also what Turgenev work should I read next
horreur thread
Laird Barron sucks.
Never actually found any books to be genuinely scary. Maybe it's just a poor medium for horror?
only when he tries to write noirread short stories ligotti, bierce.
does bumping work?
Horror audio books are a much better experience, assuming it has a good reader of course, The Haunting of Hill House read by David Warner was GOAT.
What is the intended purpose behind making a disgusting looking creature and then giving it a great rack?
Its from Silent Hill 2, I think it was supposed to be sexually confusing to the player.
Some of his short stuff is pretty goodCroning is also average-to-decent genre fiction
what's confusing? I'd hit the shit out of that.with a steel pipe
Why do psychedelics and by extension mysticism turn writers to shit?Currently reading the Island by Aldous Huxley and its 50/50 legit Buddhist ethics and epistemology and 'hurr durr' mushrooms and believing in yourself is the road to paradise. Psychedelics changes the iron focus writers need and makes them loosen up and become entangled in shit.Hunter S Thompson was burned out and killed himself, so much potential wasted. Gogol turned to mysticism and burned most of his work. Yeats turned to trying to talk to the dead and orgies and was a fascist and sympathizer of Mussolini . Probably some psychedelics in there. Also he lost his virginity when he was 30 so there is hope /lit/.Btw I've done shrooms and tripped so don't tell me 'you need to experience it man...'
Why do psychedelics and by extension mysticism turn writers to shit?they don't its 50/50 legit Buddhist ethics and epistemology and 'hurr durr' mushrooms and believing in yourself is the road to paradisesociety would be alot better off if were more like PalaPsychedelics changes the iron focus writers need and makes them loosen up and become entangled in shit.to the contrary many writers feel as though psychedelics give them focus, its just that you disagree with them. Its a case of those writers being themselves and doing what they want while you who supposedly knows better disagrees with them. Just because writers turn to something you don't like doesn't mean they have lose their focus or gotten too loosened up.Hunter S Thompson was burned out and killed himself, so much potential wasted. Thats because he was a shithead who participated in satanic child abuse rituals and he was outed in the news.Yeats turned to trying to talk to the dead and orgies and was a fascist and sympathizer of Mussolini.I don't see anything wrong with thatProbably some psychedelics in there.thats just a guess, it hardly proves your pointRather then psychedelics and mysticism turning things to shit its seems rather that are just sort of ignorant and close-minded and resent it when writers begin to explore wither of the aforementioned topics.Pro-tip: life is better when you stop thinking all the time about how you don't like stuff that other people do
this cuck is literally reddit the author
*either of the aforementioned topics
Because drugs manufacture and then conjoin a sense of insight to a bunch of jumbled up experience. Writers then think that that jumbled up experience will lead to that sense of insight. The only people who are interested in this are other people who jumble up their senses and who can get some clarity, and some of the pleasure of recognition and identification, that are the result of a good writer's descriptive powers.
I'm nearly convitned Huxley meant Pala as some sort of satire. It is the most smug thing I have ever read. He is a great thinker, but a lot of it comes across as harebrained or sounds like someone in college who just read Noam Chompsky and understands the worldI think if the conditions of Pala were implemented in reality the outcome would be totally different. Huxley just didn't understand humanity deeply enough and was a useless navel gazer. satanic child abuseDidn't that all that Satanic ritual crap turn out to be a hoaxes perpetuated by hack psychologists who also promoted 'repressed memories'. Source that shit man/Psychedelic do not give you 'focus' they stip away and make everything misty and ephemeral. How can you focus when everyhing is visions?
Jumble up their senses? what does that even mean...writers turn to drink or drugs from the isolation that craft entails. The best writers are weird, borderline psychotic and art comes from a deep wellspring of feeling.They drink and smoke as a diversion.The dog wags the tail, not the otherway around. And its a myth that artists create work when they are fucked up. They create their best work when they take breaks from the turmoil and they are super focused for a short period of time. i.e Bob Dylan was on amphetamines and he shitted out albumsTolstoy wrote his best work when he was happy and had a lot of kids.Hemingway would withraw to hotel rooms and not leave until a story was finished and then go on drinking sprees.
When someone turns to orientalism, there's a danger he/she will go full mysticist.Evola got ruined.Blavatsky is now considered the absoulte mad woman.Mysticism not even once.
Psychedelics lead to obsessions with the idea of pure consciousness, itself leading to a sort of misunderstanding of Buddhism and enlightenment.I don't fault people for obsessing over these experiences either, as we become more and more entangled in media of communication, the word, once the supplement for reality, has become its replacement. One could see the experiences brought on by psychedelics as a powerful break from this, and maybe that is why they are turned to more and more.As for "turning to shit", I'm not sure what you mean by that. I get the annoyance with bungled Buddhism, but I don't know why you classify some of these writers as shit for any other reason than to provoke a response.
Evola is constantly mentioned but who in their right mind's takes ideas from him? I only see him mentioned here. He is more than just a fringe writer, once you see esoteric you know they are full of shit .
esoteric you know they are full of shitIt's always some vague insight too that they go crazy over
I am a frequent user in Stormfront not even white but I do it because of interest and for laughs and there's a rise in the whole muh aryan-hyperborean-thulean race, which is from Evola's work. For some reason, these guys discovered Evola and thought it was good to spam the Ride the Tiger meme. Not only on stromfront but on many other white nationalist forums.It's really weird. It's like they never read Evola, who would have prefered a dude weed lmao society instead of a nazi germany.
But wouldn't that just be simple delusions rather than anything real?I don't buy some 'mass consciousness' Spirit Mundi stuff. We have achieve a level of enlightenment what ever that even means but I don't think psychedelics can't just grant you it. It takes years to create a physique in the gym, Would it not take years of contemplation and thought to bring about self knowledge?I'm not sure what you mean by thatI mean, Hunter became a deranged alcoholic who preferred to play with his guns and live up to his persona. Hells Angels is okay, Fear and Loathing is truly great, but Rum Diary isn't. He is a right-wing version of Truman Capote, who simpered and sucked up and produced minute writing of any note.
I mean pure consciousness, not mass consciousness. More like stripping the world of its semantic investment. A common complaint is you can't think in words, or if you do, that they become meaningless in comparison to the supposed referent. In this way, you become closer to pure consciousness, which is a sort of stupid pure experience.It's not a good thing, it's just a radical break from the norm in modern society.
I get what you are saying. I think its deeper than that. Psychedelics, specifically mushrooms give you innocence or a wonderment of normal things which is childlike. But this is what makes you point about 'pure consciousness redundant' that it is free of words or preconceived notions. But its not. To a Catholic it could be miraculous vision, to a Buddhist it is Enlightenment, we interpret what we see through culture and our deepest psychological quirks. I think humans aren't as deep as we pretend, we are incredibly malleable and shaped by our medium and other people' observations. Like the Emperor with no clothes, no one will admit he is naked.
Stacked Deck Fallacy: the thread.Writers whose work improved with mysticism/drugs:BaudelaireColeridgeSartre BlakeRumiBenjaminBurroughs debateableYeats most likely did psychedelics, as he ran in the same circles as Crowley, who used them for his life-fucking hobbies.
I don't mean to imply that the glimpse at pure consciousness is total or without its own illusions. But I think I ought only make two points: 1. A glimpse is enough for most people 2. A more technical point, those who have taken enough have gone far enough to say they experienced "ego death", if that is not consciousness bled of all semantic content, I don't know what is.
Do DMT
What is the best version of the bible to read, not for literary purposes KJV, but for understanding the original meaning . assuming that I don't know any Greek or Hebrew
"Obey God or go to hell"I just saved you a very long, very dry read.
The Norton Critical English Bible, which is the King James and heavily annotated for elaboration of translation and notes on literary influence, and has all the Apocrypha in it. The King James version actually is quite accurate, more accurate than many contemporary translations, I'd say. Only thing is that words have changed meanings since 1611, so it can seem inaccurate when it's not. Johnson's Dictionary is a good reference if the translation seems off since he includes the definitions the KJV employs. Also, the original King James had alternate translations of phrases in the margins. Another feature is that it when it has to add words in English for something to make sense, it puts them in italics, so you know that was added.The greatest translation outside of it, would be Robert Alter's, which is both very literary and very faithful, but it is only Old Testament and doesn't cover the Apocrypha. I highly recommend getting his volumes if you want to research the OT, though. Best thing next to learning Hebrew.Lattimore's is a solid New Testament, I suppose.You should consider reading a translation of the Septuagint or the Vulgate, though, rather than just the Masoretic translations. At least if you are interested in the Bibles of early Christians.
I have the RSV2CE, it's pretty based imo, or at least that's what I've been told. When the manuscripts had little differences it marks it down in the footnotes which is nice. It's a very literal translation.
this one
This. The specific translation is the New Revised Standard Version.If you take a course on the bible in an academic setting, they will generally have you purchase either the New Oxford Annotated or the HarperCollins study bible with a few places suggesting the Jewish Study Bible for a course on the Hebrew bible only.
NRSV or nothing scrub
The NSRV is readable and the academic standard. The NASB is more accurate on a word-for-word, but also more theologically conservative. This is the fundamentalist's bible of choice, excepting, of course, the KJV.
At the collapse of values, death of God, etc - the existential crisis - what is the motivation for pursuing an existentialist philosophy rather than falling into nihilism?Kierkegaard wants a radical reaffirmation of the Christian faith as a personal endeavour, Nietzsche wants the overcoming of man and the emergence of the superman, Camus wants to live in rebellion against the absurd, but why?Is it appropriate to argue that a sentimentalist position ie the desire for meaning, even if - or especially if - it is superman-made is sufficient, or even precisely what is demanded in this scenario, given that the existential crisis is the end result of an increasing lack of faith in reason and absolutes?I am not myself a nihilist by any means, and the existentialists fascinate me, though I am relatively new to the area read a few Nietzsches, some Camus, and Barrett's Irrational Man.
A sentimentalist glorifies the desire for meaning. If you desire something, you must first realize that you do not have it.A sentimentalist is meaningless at his core....as are we all...
Conversely, what is the reason for turning to nihilism rather than embracing existentialism.
Who cares, man. Like...whattttttt...
what is the motivation for pursuing an existentialist philosophy rather than falling into nihilism?because you have to affirm life somehowotherwise you'd just kill yourselfi mean really, those are the stakes
Why do you need a purpose? Just embrace the comfy already
Stakes? Pah! Hang out for tits and booze and attentions for your writing. Or leave consciousness behind and be forever in nirvana. Stakes! Guys, seriously??
Suicide seems to be more a matter of temprament than an inevitability of the life unaffirmed.Suicide is after all, just another empty gesture at the void.
Well I've decided to find a muslim girl to marry so all values will still be there.I am more or less revolting against the modern world
Monocled troll? Suicide is a gesture?
What does nihilism mean? That the highest values devaluate themselves. The aim is lacking; "why?" finds no answer.Radical nihilism is the conviction of an absolute untenability of existence when it comes to the highest values one recognizes; plus the realization that we lack the least right to posit a beyond or an initself of things that might be "divine" or morality incarnate. This realization is a consequence of the cultivation of "truthfulness"-thus itself a consequence of the faith in morality.The faith in the categories of reason is the cause of nihilism. We have measured the value of the world according to categories that refer to a purely fictitious world.Nihilism represents a pathological transitional stage what is pathological is the tremendous generalization, the inference that there is no meaning at all: whether the productive forces are not yet strong enough, or whether decadence still hesitates and has not yet invented its remedies.Every purely moral value system that of Buddhism, for example ends in nihilism: this to be expected in Europe.Causes of nihilism: 1. The higher species is lacking, i. e., those whose inexhaustible fertility and power keep up the faith in man. One should recall what one owes to Napoleon: almost all of the higher hopes of this century. 2. The lower species "herd," "mass," "society" unlearns modesty and blows up its needs into cosmic and metaphysical values. In this way the whole of existence is vulgarized: in so far as the mass is dominant it bullies the exceptions, so they lose their faith in themselves and become nihilists. All attempts to think up higher types failed "romanticism"; the artist, the philosopher; against Carlyle's attempt to ascribe to them the highest moral values. The resistance to higher types as a result. Decline and insecurity of all higher types. The fight against the genius "folk poetry," etc.. Pity for the lowly and suffering as a measure for the height of a soul. The philosopher is lacking who interprets the deed and does not merely transpose it.It goes on and on. This is all from his Will to Power notes, by the way. I suggest you read them.Really, the question you're asking is "why do I want to live?" It's a question each person must ask themselves individually. There is no answer across the board for everyone. If you personally cannot answer, then it's not the world that is pointless, you are.
…
You must be 18 or older to post on this forum.
Fuck off muslim shithead.
it's not the world that is pointlessWell no. You cannot just say that, that's silly.
But people do say that, and I would argue that anyone still wondering what their motivation to live should be after their highest values are debunked is currently in a state of mind that does view the world around them as pointless. The solution is to get new and better values.
any book recommendations like Steppenwolf and Werther which describe a human depressive by sickness?
Siddhartha and Faust
try reading Thomas Mann.
Thx for recommendations, but what I liked about Steppenwolf and maybe Camus The Fall was that they were really condensed. Not much other topics in those novels except the 'existentialistic' individual.
The Book of Disquiet.
No Longer Human
The Fall
maybe hunger or the notebooks of malte laurids brigge
, 
2015still reading Platowhen will you learn /lit/?
DON'T READ DEAD PEOPLE'S BOOKS!
Aristotle is even worseBut even more people like Aristotle here
best translation of Flowers of Evil? Inb4 language plebalso, are there any good anthologies of symbolists that are inexpensive but decent qualityty
this one
i recommend the collection published by new directions. the editors compiled les fleurs du mal from the translations of several translators and it's quite good.as for the symbolists, maybe consider picking up the penguin anthology of french poetry?
Central/Southern American Equivalent?
popol vuh
What is your favorite book by him, /lit/?
Mao II, Libra, and Underworld are all extremely good books. Underworld is long and some sections like Klara's past, imo are tedious but it is one of the best books I've ever read. Libra is the real great American novel, and the best examination of American loneliness that I've ever read. Mao II is on the same level, just brilliant and like all DeLillo, loaded with gems.White Noise is good - the illustration of the problems of American families who spoiler------ can't raise their children emotionally well because we don't have shared experiences of overcoming adversity anymore, like survival and building shelter and so on - our intrinsic need to connect nonverbally is increasingly hard. So for the problems it elucidates which were in its time new and important - it's a great, great book. The Body Artist is strange, but its highlights are some of DeLillo's best ever. Point Omega is good. I've yet to read The Names, but it's supposed to be excellent and close to or on par with his other masterpieces. I want to save one DeLillo, at least.
Ratner's Star and Running Dog are so underrated
The only one I've read so far is Mao II and I loved it but I am partial to stories with writers. I own Undy, Libra, and Cosmoplois. Which one should I go to next?
Avatar and Terminator 2 were probably my favorites
xDDDDDD
Ayyy
Cosmopolis and Underworld
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
My favorite is Libra, but I haven't read Underworld yet.
Just watched this documentary about him: Gives a real good insight into how his mind works.
Which font do you use for writing, /lit/?
Arial Narrow GOAT font
I don't understand why anybody uses anything other than Times New Roman.
chancery cursive, although more upright. clearer and more erudite-looking than the the descendants of round hand cursive such as spencerian and palmer cursive.
oh, herp. fonts. not scripts. why u post handwriting in OP picture
i use georgia. it's basically times which i'm used to, but easier to read in my opinion, so i love it
it looks pretty good, the softer look makes it more enjoyable to read than Times New Roman
exclusively LinuxLibertine.
Bold comic sans
baskerville/thread
