Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
/lit/ posters you recognizethis guy who always say tbhthis german dude who keeps bashing the frenchthe worthless rhetoric guythe guy who constantly posts the same dfw picthis guy that posts the danter face all the timethis guy who only posts in the poetry critique and gives short reviews
m8 i say tbh all the time and i know im not the only one
The guy that keeps shilling Gibbon
this dfw pic?
Is this bait?
you could be lying tbh
That Brazilian guy, who told a story about a homeless dude at the library discovering philosophy and killing himself. Not sure if it was true, but then again, how many of us take the time to make long greentexts that are fake stories?
tbh why would i lie in this situation?
Fuck the french! Drecksschweine alle zusammen!

Putain de boches.
Does anyone else recognize that anon who hasn't figured out the plural form in English yet?
tbh I've been saying tbh now because of it
That one guy who tries to make good threads and has good concepts but only gets three posters because everyone is too busy shitposting
Verrecke an deinem Rohmilchkäse!
those boring, pedantic aquinasfags
you only get noticed if you spam the same thing over and over autistically. just like in real life.
hi
this guy who always say tbhI started doing this because I thought it was a new meme tbhWas I wrong?
Who's that semen démon?~~
i say tbh when i want to sound like a condescending prick and i see it on /tv/ too sometimes tbh
pinkyivan is usually easy to spot
Hey kiddo.
i say tbh when i want to sound like a condescending prickSame here tbhAnd I use imo to be dismissive of the conversation in general
this guy who always say tbhI do this sometimes tbh. You're probably thinking of some other, though.
I want her to peg me and call me worthless nigger faggot whilst doing it, is that so much to ask?
:
case in point
I wish I could be transformed into Regan's underwear.
Qui est cette loutre à foutre?
Here's a game you can play. Results are easier to achieve if the board has flags.pick any relatively small or slow board, nothing faster than here or /k/, max if around /int/ if you're pushing it a littlewatch for slightly off topic threads or argumentative thread topics while doing your regular browsingpinpoint a topic or two you keep seeing at specific times of the day, or made by a specific flagstart lurking the threads and see what happens in them, along with how the people who are most argumentative in them write their postsrealize the number of middle schoolers roaming this site and commit suicide/turn off your computer and go read a bookGuaranteed results every time without fail, it's horrifying how deep the rabbit hole goes.
helloI wish the mods hadn't banned marxist threads. Whenever there's a leftist thread though, I think I keep on debating the same ultra-leftist who adamantly refuses to read, or have anybody else read, Lenin. Which confuses me being that it's very first time I've seen a Marxist of any shade of red refuse to read Lenin. Like, it's not like reading Lenin makes you a Leninist, and I doubt it would convince him to become one.
When exactly was /lit/ officially christened? Because there sure are a lot of christfags here lately.
did you really have to post that banal comic? I swear, maybe XKCD aside, it's by far the worst webcomic I've ever seen posted, and it's posted incessantly
How do you mean?
SMBC is the most condescending, moralising, and preachy bullshit webcomic on the internet. Please refrain from posting it on /lit/.
I like it and mostly disagree with youShit thread though
You're both shitters.Have some more.
I like how he makes sure to include all genders and races into his comics; I imagine he must have a spreadsheet where he keeps track of how many blacks, Asians and women he used in his comics. In other words, top cuck.
Can't unsee. Not that I miss anything.Literally cuck.
Yes, that's what finally made me realize that I really don't want any non-whites in my white fiction, to be honest.
This observation is more telling about yourself than about the author. If you can't see how, think again.
What's a white fiction?
Good fiction.
multiculturalism is more important than message and qualitylet me be intentionally vague ;You look lost- to get to tumblr you take a left at SA, not a right. Happy travels!
No really, what the fuck does that even mean?MoS is not "worshiping thirstiness" its carrying on through the desert and surviving with no water, and not letting the lack of water destroy you. What the fuckdoes he even read these books?
Any fiction in a culturally white setting, about culturally white people, for culturally white people.Reskins are unaesthetic.
It's just a dramatization.
multiculturalism is more important than message and qualitythe projection is strong with you. you are the one constantly harping on about there being too much diversity, and accusng the author of having an agenda, when literaly everyone can see that you're the one with the agenda. This is so freaking obvious, I can't even laugh at the silliness of it all.
multiculturalism is more important than message and qualityNot him, but don't you think that is a bit overdone?
culturally white
makes an unruly assumption and accuses me of projectionYou're only proving my point.
So, guys, what is the DEAL with all those christfags?I mean lol
Dude, the only comment you had was about the diversity of characters, and now you call both me and the author biased. I would like to have anything to say to you, but I now I realize that I really don't.
implying that's not exactly how everything's gone, everI can understand your frustration but of all the things to complain about, surely SMBC has got worse
And yet you keep making those assumptions.
implying I was being ironic
Name one incorrect assumption I have made.
This one is true; if, however, still unfunny.
I'm projectingI have anything against regular diversityI'm enforcing an agendaI called you personally biased
Who is this beaut?
:^^^^^^^^
does he even read these books?Of course he doesn't. He's too busy preaching about his own world view through his fucking strawman webcomic.
There's literally nothing wrong with this.
I have anything against regular diversityI didn't say that. You have something against the diversity you find in the comics. How do I know? Because you say so.I'm enforcing an agendano. you HAVE one. You lack the power to enforce it. What agenda might that be? Thus far, it seems mainly directed against what you perceive to be a forced diversity or multiculturalism.I called you personally biasedIndeed, you accused me of valuing multiculturalism over quality. That would be quite some bias.I'm projectingI think this goes without saing, really.
This is what free speech means. Not just on reddit, but everywhere.
Except the banality. Every web personality who had their asses hurt about something and banned someone from their site or board has made this point.
/reddit//tumblr/and stay there cucks
You have something against the diversity you find in the comics.No, I'm against shoehorning in racial diversity for the sake of racial diversity. Thus far, it seems mainly directed against what you perceive to be a forced diversity or multiculturalism.I don't think you understand the concept of agendas.That would be quite some bias.implying there's an objective way to look at the situationI think this goes without saing, really.And what exactly am I projecting?I'm in support of racial diversity both in comics and in real life, just not when the author makes a point to stuff it in.Do you honestly believe that my taking offense to, as you so eloquently put it, forced diversity is indicative of some repressed racism?get out
Not true, the right to transmit ideas is part of free speech. This comic commits a false equivalence by implying all transmission of unpopular ideas equates to holding the idea, i.e. an illocutionary action. The comic purposefully does so in order to align the idea of sharing unpopular ideas with the concept of "hate-speech" an idea that directs 'violence' towards someone and carries perlocutionary force in the speech act.Ironically, this comic is an attempt to silence speech freedom by perlocution. I.e. the ultimatum "wouldn't it be unfortunate if something happened if you said something we don't like :^"Consider an alternative comic where you replace "your bullshit" with any social issue of the last 50 years. Now go over the ultimatum and see if its not directly trying to silence a free speech act.This is the most gross misunderstanding of free speech. While you have ultimate power to ignore someone, making the argument that you can silence someone through intimidation and still preserve free speech is absolutely fucking absurd.
I'm against shoehorning in racial diversity for the sake of racial diversity.If an author gives his characters different backgrounds, how is it shoehorning? If anything, you're the one shoehorning a multiculturalist purpose into the authors intentions.I'm in support of racial diversity both in comics and in real life, just not when the author makes a point to stuff it in.Does he, though? Or are YOU making a point about what you think is wrong with the world, using the comic as an example?Do you honestly believe that my taking offense to, as you so eloquently put it, forced diversity is indicative of some repressed racism?Thing is, it isn't forced. The author makes his own comic, who is being forced what?You seem to be saying there should be no political subtext to the comic, when you are the one politicizing it in the first place. This is the act of projection.
what books would you recommend for someone at a critical deciding stage of their life?bonus point for stuff to do with gender issues or drug addiction
the bible
Holy Quran
Liber Al Vel Legis
Infinite Jest.Not memeing.
Where to start with Irigaray? I read her passages about theory of relativity being sexist and it got me really intrigued.
read "intellectual impostures" by sokal and brickmont.
Any recs?
Philosophy is for people not smart enough to go into STEM.Is he right?
But he never said that, OP.You naughty boy, you. You want to create yet another shitpost. Am I right?
STEM is for people not smart enough to go into applied mathematics.Is he right?
STEM is for people not smart enough to go into applied mathematics.STEMScience, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
math is for people not smart enough to go into logicis he right?
three other disciplines to dilute the study of mathematicsThanks for missing the point.
No, they both require intelligence. I might not be able to tell him all the details about biology and shit, but I don't think he could detail the methods of psychoanalysis pertaining to the Signifier and the Signified. It's personal preference, really, but the whole Scientism thing reeks of the Last Man.
I have a Philosophy degree and a Math degree.yes Philosophy was easy as shit, but very fun. My stupid roommate who couldn't pass his Biology courses switched to Philosophy and graduated just fine.
I don't really understand the connection. To understand contemporary philosophy, a lot of the time, you need a good understanding of contemporary science. Lots of the best scientists are also great philosophers. Most philosophy undergraduates are people too smart to do English. If they didn't do philosophy they'd probably study history or literature.
To understand contemporary philosophy, a lot of the time, you need a good understanding of contemporary science.Zizek never studied math or science.
That's why he became a delusional Marxist.
psycho-analysis is a science
Lots of the best scientists are also great philosophersOne example for that would be great now.
You must have gone to a terrible university. At mine the maths students couldn't even switch to the philosophy course because the entry requirements were so much higher that most of them wouldn't have got the grades. Or maybe you just suck at math.
well done
Sorry. Contemporary analytic philosophy. If this discussion board were based in continental Europe I assume nobody would even make the connection between philosophy and science.Descartes, Leibniz, Darwin, Frege, Einstein, Newton etc.
Hahahahahhahahaha Philosophy and science have been linked since forever retard
Kurt Godel
Yes, but continental philosophy is so uninterested in contemporary science/logic that you wouldn't make the connection between a philosophy student and their aspiration to study STEM in that context.
DescartesAlright.LeibnizWell, yes. Absolutely.DarwinDidn't produce a single significant philosophical thought, for all his science was worth.FregeAmazingly, both his scientific and his philosophical work became obsolete in his lifetime.EinsteinProduced maybe some inspirational quotes, nothing of value for a philosopher.NewtonNo one even remembers that he was also a philosopher.See a pattern emerging? It almost looks like there was a process of specialization going on ever since the days of rationalism. Wonder if anyone else has noticed this...
That is because contemporary science, at least the science I assume you are talling about, and logic is boring
I'm not actually sure there is as much of a pattern as you think there is. I didn't say that there were thousands of brilliant scientists who were also influential philosophers. I said there are lots of scientists who make great philosophers. I just reeled off some names from the top of me head but I'm sure if I did some more thinking/research I could find you plenty of contemporary scientists that have produced worthwhile works of philosophy. It's indisputable that contemporary analytic philosophy requires a good knowledge of contemporary science. Just go look at some modern journals about epistemology or metaphysics. I only made that list because you seemed to be certain there were 0 scientists that were philosophers when of course there are several very famous ones. Both Darwin and Einstein produced documents that were philosophical and of serious value for philosophers.
I did a Philosophy degree, then I decided to go back and do a Math degree which I finished in 2years, because I had already done so many math courses for fun as electives.Why does this trigger you?
you seemed to be certain there were 0 scientists that were philosophersNo, I'm certain tht being a scientist doesn't make you a better philosopher. Knowing the scientific method, which is the most simple, commonsensical thing ever, may be necessary though.Both Darwin and Einstein produced documents that were philosophical and of serious value for philosophersLike what?
The idea that your philosophy course was easy as shit and your mathematics course was really difficult suggests you went to a shitty university or you suck at math.
Darwin and Einstein's main works of science were of course hugely influential among philosophers. They both happened to produce writing that is philosophical in nature. Not hugely respected I suppose but it exists.
Pure and applied mathematics still falls under STEM, thanks for being a faggot
Aaaand, goalposts successfully relocated.Seriously, this doesn't make them philosophers.
Okay. Fine. It's really not important.
your philosophy course was easy as shitall Undergraduate Philosophy courses are a joke at every university. It only gets difficult at the masters level.My first year Calculus course was way harder than anything I did in philosophy lol. I think like 1/3 of the class failed calculus...which is normal at my school because Calculus is used as a filter course for the science majors, basically if you fail it you don't belong in the sciences.Philosophy just doesn't make for good university course-work since it's super subjective and based on how well you write, not really how well you think. The measure of quality is just really vague, so Profs don't mark too hard.
If he said that and he didn't then why does he call himself a philosopher?
Ah, so you got a relatively poor grade and then you declared it easy. And you struggled with a first year math class.It's all coming together now. Did they actually make you study any works of philosophy?
Have you been to University or do you just have grand misconceptions and hopes about it?
Go on. Just tell me what grade you received in both.I'm certain you didn't get a particularly fantastic score in either. It's pretty early for an America so I'll guess you're British. No more than 64% or something pathetic like I would guess.
It's funny because Philosophy is one of the hardest subjects to actually think about and make progress in, yet it is probably the easiest thing to Major in at university.
64%lol, I got around 83% in both. Yet in philosophy I skipped nearly every class and only showed up to do exams. Did about 5hours home work a week and played WoW the rest of the time.In math I was doing about 4-5hours homework a day and I went to every single class. Thing is I always read philosophy in my spare time before University, so I had an advantage, I was already familiar with Nietzsche, Godel, Kant, Kierk, Witty, Plato, Aristotle, Descartes, balbalbal before I did any courses in Philosophy...I was reading them in highschool daily. I read Kant's COPR when I was 14...or began trying to read it anyway.So ya for me it was dead fucken easy. But what surprised me most was that my fairly stupid roommate failed Biology and failed Sociology didn't have much trouble pulling off a 61% gpa in Philosophy. He played just as much Wow as me and skipped all his classes too.I'm in canada, and have studied at 3 universities. I also looked extensively at the syllabus of American and European universities because I was planning on doing a Phd in Philosophy of Mathematics at one point. And the undergraduate coursework is fairly similar everywhere i.e dead-fucken-easy.I'm not bashing Philosophy, it's my favorite subject. But Philosophy at Universities, as a Major, is just a stupid joke. Part of the problem in the west is that we aren't exposed to Philosophy in high-school, so when you start 1st year Philosophy it's basically babby-tier for retards...yet we learn math from like grade 1....So when you're doing year 2 math, it's actually kinda hard. While year 4 Philosophy feels like it should be a high-school course. The only difficulty is they want nice writing/grammar in how you express yourself, but in terms of philosophy it's so simple it's stupid.That's why I was doing math courses on the side, they were actually challenging
when stem fags suckle at pure math in an attempt to seem difficultthanks for missing the point. Pure math dont call themselves "stem" they call themselves pure math to distinguish themselves. Its only stem fags who try to say they are with math.
So you read a lot of philosophy in your own time for years before you started the course and found the course easy, which has led you to assert that the course itself in general is easy. I'm guessing you didn't do any subjects on logic?
I see. According to Wikipedia an 83 is between a high B and an low A in most of Canada. So you did average I guess.In the UK getting 83% would be roughly the top 1% of the year especially in a subject like philosophy so I guess there is a huge difference in expectations from students between the countries. Since getting the best grade there doesn't leave much room for improvement and it must be relatively doable to get that top grade. I am calling bullshit though. You didn't read Kant at 14 and then struggle to get a lousy math undergraduate.
Doesn't matter what they call themselves, pure mathematics is part of mathematics. Its only stem fags who try to say they are with math.Yeah cos it's totally not there in the fucking name. Read a book, maybe you'll learn to read.Once again, thanks for being a faggot.
You so misunderstand what is being said, you could only be a STEM fag. Your reading comprehension is fucking retard level. couple means twowe are a couple togetheryou call us a couple but i call myself singlethe comedy comes from the fact that you try to attach yourself to me while i resist the attachment
Just out of curiosity I looked up a philosophy course in Canada because I am a pretty petty dude and I really couldn't imagine anyone besides a genius or a liar writing an essay on Critique of Pure Reason after reading it and calling it easy. I can see the difference now since you have modules called 'An Introduction to Philosophy' and your fourth year Kant courses didn't even have the primary text in the reading list. This is the University of Toronto and I went to some average redbrick in the UK.Jesus Canada. You suck.
I suggest you take some time out before posting again, maybe some deep breaths.
Also what's all this crap with quizzes and seminar presentations? In your 4th year? You get fucking marks for 'participation'. I kinda get it. There are lot more modules to do. I just did 6 classes a year and wrote 6 - 6,000 word essays. Then a dissertation.
I addressed that point by mentioning my stupid friend who graduated Philosophy without any effort, yet failed biology and sociology courses repeatedly. Sure he only got like 61% but he didn't even try...he coasted and skipped class."But what surprised me most was that my fairly stupid roommate failed Biology and failed Sociology didn't have much trouble pulling off a 61% gpa in Philosophy. He played just as much Wow as me and skipped all his classes too."I'm guessing you didn't do any subjects on logic?Right, a Math+Philosophy major who planned on doing a Phd in Philosophy of Math never did any logic. Yep you got me.So you did average I guess.83% is very above average, around a 3.7 GPA, which is very good, enough to get into any USA or Canada Medical or Law school or a Graduate program. You didn't read Kant at 14 and then struggle to get a lousy math undergraduate.I began reading Kant, I had a hard time...but I was trying.Who said I struggled with math? Learn to read. I said 1/3 of the first-year class failed. Calculus 1-3 are used to filter out shitty students from STEM at my university, it's just how it works. I didn't struggle at all, I had fun. Ya I had to put in effort and actually do homework because math at University is actually challenging and requires practice. You must have never done any advanced math if you think this is even a question.
He literally has a bachelors degree in philosophy from Stanford. He never said that or anything similar.
83% is very above average, around a 3.7 GPA, which is very good, enough to get into any USA or Canada Medical or Law school or a Graduate program.Enough to apply*calling that a competitive grade is a stretch fellow Canada bro.
Sorry dude. to this an 83% in your system would roughly be 70-72 in the UK which is a bit better than average. You'd expect most students that did the minimum and attended most classes to get between 65 - 68. It is good but not brilliant by any means. You'd just about get on a masters course in the UK with that but not at a very good university.
I addressed that point by mentioning my stupid friend who graduated Philosophy without any effort, yet failed biology and sociology courses repeatedly. Sure he only got like 61% but he didn't even try...he coasted and skipped class.Getting 61% is shameful, 83% not much better. To say a class is "easy" and not even get a high distinction is ridiculous.
Critique of Pure Reason after reading it and calling it easy.Never said Kant was easy. I said philosophy in general was easy at the Undergrad level. My 4th year Kant course was hard, ya, it's probably the only exception to the rule. But one course isn't sufficient to make Philosophy a hard undergrad.And that 4th year Kant course was still easier than 1st year Calculus :Not just for me, but for students in general. The failure rate is way higher in calculus than Kant.
 read a book, maybe you'll learn to readstem
you forget the context. I put no effort, neither did my roommate in our Phil degrees.me83%skipped every class5hours homework a weekroommate61%skipped every class5hours homework a weeksame guy who failed biology and sociology and cried about how hard the labs werePhilosophy is like a free college degree imo. Most of the students in my class were dumb as shit hippies. While the students in my Math program were very studious indians/asians who actually knew what they wanted to do in life.
You'd expect there to be a higher failure rate in a calculus than a final year philosophy class. Failure rate doesn't mean anything. But y'know I didn't do that introductory calculus class. I'm seriously fucking doubting that most of the kids in that class would make it past the introduction of CPR but, hey maybe Canada has piss easy humanities classes and impossible math classes. I kinda doubt it and since I know that at Canada's best university you don't even study the primary text in your 4th year why do you even have 4 fucking years? I doubt you did barely any work in that Calculus class. How many makers did you get for turning up and making a poster? 30?
Well your friend was clearly retarded because no undergraduate course is especially difficult. Scrapping a pass on a humanities course is nothing to be proud of. That goes for both of you.
What should go for /lit/?
dfw, stirner, general /pol/ overflow.
OFFICIAL /lit/ FANBASE RANKINGGod tier:CatholicsHigh tier:Pynchon readersStarting with the GreeksZizek postingActually coherently discussing Tao LinLow tier:On-topic Sci-fi/Fantasy threadsBabby's first /lit/coreTao Lin memingHarmful tier:DFW memingMuh spooksEconomics"Iron Pill"ASOIAFSTEMposting
That's not official
christposters, antipostmodernism whiners, general /reddit/ overflow.
People who complain about Reddit should be there too.
Stirner, christfags, New Atheists
The Bible is the only right answer.
tao linzizekhigh tierIt's not exactly cancerous but far from being intellectually stimulating or having literary value.

Regarding art threads, definitely the morons who absolutely must shit on abstract art, despite obviously not knowing anything about art theory and history.
The other guy also said new atheists idiot
you have to read books on theory to appreciate me shitting myself on stage for 12 minutesThis is the face of the modern art scene people.We peasants just don't understand the theory.
muh /pol/ boogeyman I see people bitch about /pol/ more than actual Nazi shilling
can't appreciate someone shitting on stagei bet you take your coffee with cream and sugar too, faggot
High tier:PynchonZizek
Marxists are the most autistic here.
le all modern art is people shitting on stage and vaginasYou just confirmed my point. No, you don't even have to read a book specifically about modern art - just a general history of all movements and reasons why they existed, to have all these things in a perspective and understand them a bit better.I hate the exhibiotionist artists as well, by the way, but there are hundreds of legitimate abstract artists out there.inb4 abstract legitimate
shut up
that's not modern art lmfao plebeveryone's argument against """""modern art""""" is omg poopies and peepies are gwoss
What a shame.
or "muh child cud do dat"
we cool tho, guys?

I don't mean nazi shilling, I mean people obviously trying to just talk about politics with no real interest in talking about literature much. There is a sticky about it, it's such a problem.
butthurt marxiststypical
Why are Marxists such babies?
butthurt Frenchies
Wow now you're actually deriding people for not wanting to see shit and dicksTypical modernist subhumanIf my child became a modern "artist" I'd probably disown themhurr the green represents the passion in societyWhat a load
i'm deriding people for thinking poopies and peepies are at all representative of ~100 years of artistic development before the poopies and peepies became a minor part of art.do you scream when you go to the toilet?
I agree thenLook at this thread
hurr the green represents the passion in societyshitting myself on stage for 12 minutesIf you want anything resembling real discussion about this theme, I'd warmly suggest you to stop posting these old overused strawmen.
I don't call myself a genius for taking a shit or smearing paint on a wall like your pseudo intellectual friends do.I have seen, and heard, much of Cockney impudence before now; but never expected to hear a coxcomb ask two hundred guineas for flinging a pot of paint in the public’s face.
I am offended now. I'm not a Marxist. I just shitpost because I can. I don't read books. Fuck your jewish gay assumptions. Go play with Legos you fucking degenerate. Why are you here? Why are you even posting here? You think people care about your shitty limited opinion? You think you're smarter than the most? If you were worth something you would talk with actual people and not comment on other people. You would be somewhere actually doing something. Realise how retarded and worthless you are to anyone. "I don't care what society thinks about me." Good. You should run from it as far as possible and die somewhere where they will never find your worthless egotistical crappy corpse. "I can analyse books. I love books" Fuck you! You accomplished nothing and never will!
Old thread's about to archive.New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
What SF/F books are you currently reading?Against a dark backgroundWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Consider PhlebasWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Banks/BaxterRecent purchases?pic relatedUpcoming releases you're excited for?The Long UtopiaWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Space OperaWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?It was all a dream
I was researching the fantasy genre, specifically High and Low fantasy and came across this from wiki.Critical interpretationsFantasy fiction that acknowledges the real world, low fantasy and portal fantasy, are especially attractive to those who are marginalised by society, particularly female writers[original research?].are there really a lot of female writers that do Low fantasy? It's so sad to hear that female writers are at such a disadvantage in society today.
Continuing random conversation from last thread:Long Sun is the Iliad, Short Sun is the Odyssey.
I especially had never considered Long Sun as similar to the Iliad, though I have seen the Short Sun Odyssey comparisons at least once before. I'll have to give this some thought.Is Silk the analogue to Achilles? And if so, who would be Agamemnon? If we take the real conflict of the Iliad as between Agamemnon and Achilles, does that also fit in with the narrative of Long Sun? Have you read The God and His Man? I think one of the goals of Long Sun is similar to that, in that it explores several ways of government and society before settling upon the same crux that Master Malrubius's teachings rest upon: that the only allegiance worth having is to a higher being. It's been a few years since I've read the Iliad and the Odyssey though so I could be staring this answers right in the face or something. Strangely enough I was planning on rereading the Iliad in a few days, so I might as well just read them both again.
I wouldn't say Achilles vs Agamemnon was the central conflict; it was mainly the 'Rage' of Achilles His beef with Agamemnon was part of it however But that was just what Homer used for his commentary of the idea of Heroism and Honour.
As I was writing it I had some doubts over how central it actually is. I suppose I meant more that the heroism/honor conflict could be viewed most succinctly in the differences between the two characters, that they sort of summarize the whole affair in a way that I can't view the conflict of Long Sun through.I'll probably elaborate some more on it later, after waking up, because I think the different stages that occur throughout the four Long Sun volumes can be matched up at least superficially with many of the usual trappings Wolfe employs.
I spent 10 dollars buying the Kindle version of Starfish just to see its downloadable for free on the author's website. I feel pretty dumb tbh
Cosmerefag reporting in.non-genre booksBut what about hard sci-fi stories from an established author who has a doctorate in Astrophysics?
loves fantasy lurked in the last 2 threads from beginning to endOP starts this thread with leper R DonaldsonFuck off with that book.
Just finished the dune seriesthe last 2-3 books were rather underwhelming I was considering starting the foundation series soon, but might step away from sf/f books for a while and catch up on some essential lit/meme core
Is there anything like it at all? Really dug the whole 'iron-age thousands of years after the end' thing it had going. Don't really care about plot or action, just want something that elaborates on how societies have developed over time.
I'm a huge fan of Greg Egan, he's written the hardest sci-fi I've ever read. Clockwork Rocket, Schild's Ladder or Incandescence are probably up your alley.Wikipedia say's he's got a B Science in Mathematics, so take that as you will.
Nothing compares to RW. I got a bit of a fix reading Clockwork Orange and Trainspotting but that was just for the interesting uses of language.
Book of Dave is kinda similar in the vaguest sense.
The Wake by Paul Kingsnorth has similar phoentic, "slang"-heavy prose. Just finished it the other day, I'd recommend it even if it's a bit dull at times.
Please switch up the questions each thread OP. The first question is really the only one worth keeping every time.
What's the best modern sci fi you have read? Written in the last ten years as an example.I went through the picture in the op and most under the modern catagory are still quite old.
Tough one. I'd say probably Windup Girl, it's not the best sci-fi I've ever read but most of the stuff I read is from 1990.
Are the Black Company books any good?
it was all a dreamUsed to read sword-up magazine?
Could anyone recommend me some really hard sci-fi? I like Clarke a lot but I'm looking for something more sciencey
Yeah, I'm trying to find good sci fi that's recent but i'm struggling. Most of it sounds really boring.
I was asking that anon's opinion on authors who fit the criteria I listed. Sorry if it was confusing.
Does anyone know of any fantasy series with elves and dwarves and all that generic shit but told from the perspective of like an elf that isnt one of those fucking tree huggers that hangs out with humans and isn't spewing poetry every second. Or some dwarf that doesn't dig and live in a mine.
Morgan and Gawain up at the round table?
Now Lancelot and Gawain are both fucking my queen?
Death Gate Cycle has elves and I think dwarves that don't conform to standard stereotypes but they don't exactly have perspectives in the context that I believe you want.Regardless, it's a fucking good series.

Anyone? I'm thinking about buying them
They're excellent. Get the omnibuses.
So, did i do good /lit/?
eww
What's your favorite sci-fi of the last five years or so? Anything mind-blowing come out? Additions or starts to big series?
save yourself the time, the black company is shitno
Best adventure/S&S books with a female protagonist?
i just read asimov's Caves of Steel and The Naked Sun and i was wondering if anyone had read the rest of the books in the series? it's just that after reading both those 2 they were essentially the same book and i'd rather go for something different. maybe the original robot shorts?
Under rated post super Nintendo Sega genesis.
Just about to finish up with Bolo!. Once that's out of the way I'm gonna go raid the local bookstore and see if I can find The Fall of Hyperion.
What is bolo? I've heard about an old computer game...
Bolo! is a collection of novellas about the titular Bolos, which are sentient battle tanks.They're surprisingly heartfelt for stories about giant, futuristic tanks.
none of Peter Watts' works are in the sci fi recommendation listAt the very least Blindsight should be on, if not that and Starfish.
Hey General, what are some fantasy stories where a pretender to the throne of a kingdom has to be kicked off by the rightful heir? I'm sure there are tons, but don't know any titles.
well there's always that series written by that fat man in the suspendersan amusement of chairs or something i think
Not really what I had in mind. I'm looking for the sort of stories that would've inspired that.
i like books like enders game and lord of the ringsany advice on what i should read next?
Check out the NASA trilogy by Baxter, it can be read in any order. If you like geology start with moonseed.
I really liked dune but am not liking its sequel so far. Should I continue or read something else? If so, what?
Yes, you should read them.
Opinions on Kevin J. Anderson?
Reading Liveship at the moment and just waiting for it to end. It's not bad, but I'm only reading it as a gateway from Farseer to Tawny Man.I've got three sci-fi books sitting on my shelf after I finish. Which one?Canticle for LeibowitzThe DispossessedLord of Light
Altered Carbon by Richard Morgan and, if you like it, the next two Kovacs booksBrasyl by Ian McDonaldAlso:The Gone-Away World by Nick Harkaway is one of my favourite novels.Haven't read Weeks but his shit always looks awfully entry-level to me. Like the kind of thing you would read before even Jordan or Sanderson.Liked God's War by Kameron Hurley, have yet to read the others in the series.The Half-Made World by Felix GilmanMost high fantasy novels ever. But specifically:Farseer Trilogy by Robin HobbHalf a King by Joe AbercrombieLyonesse by Jack Vance had this, I thinkThe Long Prince Quarter by Daniel Abraham had something along those linesI preferred Liveships to the Fitz books all up. Good work reading them in order, I read Tawny Man before it and there's a major fucking spoiler in there.Lord of Light.
Canticle For Leibowitz was a great read
Farseer TrilogyThose are those books with the kid named Fitz that has everything bad that could possibly happen to him, happen, right?I liked the worldbuilding but holy shit when all that awful stuff happened and they got to the third book and he was hit with a double whammy of the magic tea he'd been drinking had completely stunted his magic and the bit where his dog-partner shows up and all his friends stare at him like he's a monster I was just like "holy shit does the author have a fetish for this?"
What SF/F books are you currently readingCurrently reading The Iron Council by China Mieville. His political interests obviously left a huge mark in his writing with this book. It's alright so far, but no Perdido Street Station or The Scar yet. I'm guessing it'll explode near the end though and rank up there with the rest.What SF/F books have you read this year?Memories of Ice - Steven EriksonTime of Contempt and Baptism of Fire - Andrzej SapzowskiAbaddon's Gate - James SA CoreyThe Last Command - Timothy ZahnThe Lord of the RingsWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Glen Cook for getting me into the Fantasy genre.Steven Erikson for firmly keeping me there.Recent purchases?Nothing lately, but once I'm finished with Iron Council I'm re-reading The Black Company Chronicles and Books of the South, then getting the last two Black Company omnibuses.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Got nothing so far.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Military fantasy and non-traditional fantasy.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Too pleb to answer this.
I never read Sci-Fi, but picked up Snow Crash and am getting it started. I'm really loving the prose. Am I doing it right?
What SF/F books are you currently readingJonathan Strange and Mr. NorrellWhat SF/F books have you read this year?None.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Roger Zelazny, Isaac Asimov, Joe Abercrombie, GRRMRecent purchases?None.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Queen of Fire by Anthony RyanWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?For SF I really like far flung future stuff like The Last Question by Asimov or For A Breath I Tarry by Roger Zelazny, for fantasy I'm down for anything.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Monty Python and the Holy Grail
What are the best books by Fritz Leiber? and other similar books with thieves and stuff like that?
Is Mirrorshades worth reading or is it fedoracore?
Never read this but "Sentences of Death by John BrunnerThe Face of Chaos by Lynn AbbeyThe Gate of the Flying Knives by Poul AndersonShadowspawn by Andrew OffuttThe Price Of Doing Business by Robert AsprinBlood Brothers by Joe HaldemanMyrtis by Christine DeWeesThe Secret of the Blue Star by Marion Zimmer Bradley""Joe Haldeman"I think you should give it a try
Yep, that one.Yeah Snow Crash is good stuff.The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch.
Thanks, i already read it and really liked, dunno if i will read the sequels cause everyone is saying they're not as good as the first and i already have a lot of things to read.
Yes
I read the 2nd and was unimpressed. Well, the stuff in the city was good but the stuff at sea was shit. Heard worse things about the 3rd.
eh, it's a pity, the first one was really funny and i loved all the character and setting.
Eh, you may enjoy the second. As I said there's some great "heist" type stuff in the city half of the book, but there's a whole sea excursion which takes up the middle of the books with two annoying as fuck strong women stereotype characters who did my fucking head in.
Self-bump for you niggas who are interested in recent hard sci-fi, or we could even discuss it for the few of you who have read them.
I'm currently reading Shadow of the Torturer, enjoying it a lot mainly for the atmosphere but was Wolfe by any chance influenced by Meryvyn Peak? The descriptions of the castles, how bleak everything is and how ritual focused people are remind me so much of Gormenghast.
it's possible.but the descriptions of castles and the rituals all serve another purpose as well.
Wouldn't surprise me if Wolfe had a little bit of Peake in his writing, but far as I can twll his biggest influences are Jack Vance the setting Proust nature of memory amd Borgeshow one interprets myth
Not that anon but what are the best books by Vance and Borges?
I've only read Labyrinths but I thought it was pretty good, I occasionally re-read some of the stories in there quite often, no idea about Vance, I was interested in buying Tales of the Dying Earth myself.
tales of the dying earth by vance and collected fictions of borges
Would you guys recommend the Dangerous Visions anthology?
yeah it has a lot of good stuff in it
What are some good books around robots?I want a good book about a robot.
have you read anything by isaac asimov?
I read the first three Foundation books, but I heard the final book is a trainwreck.
Lyonesse by vance and Ficciones by Borges
read Tawny man firstwhat the fuck is wrong with you?
This was over a decade ago and I had only just got into fantasy. Hobb was literally my 2nd author I moved onto after Tolkien. I didn't research or get suggestions for books online at that time - I just finished Farseer and saw that Liveships was in the same world but didn't have Fitz, so figured I could move onto Tawny Man. Read the first Tawny Man book then jumped back to Liveships to work out what the fuck I had missed.Now I am but a broken soul who can do little other than steer today's wayward youth away from the same mistakes I made.
so i've been checking out all kinds of sci-fi and i just can't seem to pick one and go. i just read asimov's I, Robot and a couple of the other robot books and i could keep going with them but i'm more in the mood for something different. here's what i got so far, some i've checked out and some i just threw in 'cause the title seemed neat.2312 - Kim StanleyA Canticle for Leibowitz - Walter M. MillerAccelerando - Charles StrossDownbelow Station - C.J. CherryhSoldier of the Mist - Gene WolfeTau Zero - Poul AndersonThe Algebraist - Iain M. BanksThe Diamond Age - Neal StephensonTimescape - Gregory BenfordWhen HARLIE Was One - David Gerroldwhat do you think? anything jump out as interesting? i'm big into AI, machines, study of motives and other philosophical stuff
Try Cherryh and tell us what you think.
What's a good science fiction series with a huge, realized world, interesting characters, and an exciting plot, that is popular enough that I could easily find as an audiobook, since I want this to listen to while I work out?
Is Sanderson good? I know he's popular, but that doesn't always mean good. I was thinking of reading the Stormlight Archive.
I haven't read any of those but I have 2312 and A Canticle on the to-read list, whatever that's worth to ya.
Tau Zero was great in concept, disappointing in execution.
well i started on Tau Zero, read about 20%, saw nothing interesting and dropped it. now i'm about 10% through with The Algebraist and it seems promising, very grand and i like the multiple stories that may or may not be more or less intertwined.
I am really into Sanderson at the moment.I enjoyed both stormlight archive books. Just be warned he has a lot more of those books planned and he is going to take about 3 or so years in between each book. So it will be a very long time until the story is finished.I also liked his mistborn series. I am in the process of re reading them and picking out details and foreshadowing i missed the first time around. All in all, i don't think it will be a waste of time to at least try out Sanderson. Stormlight archive is a fine place to start.
So what is up with Malazan Book of the Fallen?I started reading the first book and got about halfway through, then one day i just didn't pick it back up again. It seemed like there were 5 or 6 different plots going on at the same time, innumerable characters, and magic that made no sense.When i started the book i felt like i accidentally started reading halfway through instead of at the beginning. The feeling only got worse as i continued. I guess i just couldn't be bothered at the time.I just keep hearing people push this series. Should i give it another go?
Currently reading:I guess it's sci-fi:Acceptance by Jeff Vandermeer, last part of the Southern Reach Trilogy.About halfway through and really enjoying it. In fact, I've enjoyed all of the books so far. Engaging page-turners with the themes worked in intelligently unknowable truth, paranoia, the effects of death on the living, nobody being trustworthy or stable.Authority is probably my favorite so far. It's slower than the other two, but I loved the setting and the main character, Control. Just a flawed, regular guy trying to do his best with an extremely shitty situation. Trying to contend with the impossible. I liked that a lot. He reminds me of the protags of the more cynical New Hollywood films.Favorite Authors:Dick, Asimov, Lovecraft. All the old standbys, basically. Also enjoyed the shit out of Ron Curry Jr.s stuff particularly Everything Matters.
I've heard the first book is a slog and then starting with book 2 it's amazing, but you shouldn't skip book 1 because plot.
Agreed, currently finishing up the second book in the series and I'm thoroughly enjoying it.
They're a mixed bag. I read the first four books and while I generally enjoyed them, I have never had an urge to pick up the fifth book and doubt that I will ever continue the series.
Nah he said he's now aiming for one SA book every two years
Tau Zero was pretty good. It was about character development, more than anything. Revelation Space.
I recently read a book called blood song I loved it
Get book 2, 3 will be out soonAnthony fucking Ryan.
You burned your money.
Why do people in this thread read so much trash? Or is that just for occasional fun?
it's not really exclusive to the thread, pal
What SF/F books are you currently readingJust finished the first Hyperion book been meaning to read it for ages and starting the second.What SF/F books have you read this year?This year so far... The Three Body Problem good first 3/4, wtf last 1/4, The Long Way To a Small Angry Planet fun I guess, and the two Imperial Radch books out so far Justice was slow, Sword was much better. Plus Hyperion intense and meh by turns.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?EhhhRecent purchases?Kindle copies of what I'm reading, pretty much.Upcoming releases you're excited for?The next Imperial Radch book, I guess. I don't really know what the hell would be a satisfying end to Breq's story, though.Also, I just read this preview for Locked In... haven't previously been a Scalzi fan but it was damn good: class="quote"What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?EhhhhWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?I like the one where he's an aardvarkFuck yes, love the Southern Reach. Not many authors could leave that many question hanging without making me mad.
Eh I'm bored why not.What SF/F books are you currently readingReading Dune for the first time. I'm enjoying it immensely, although is it true that only the first 3 books are good considering how it was envisioned as a trilogy?What SF/F books have you read this year?I read Gardens of Moon. Hated the shit out of it.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Dan Simmons.Recent purchases?Bough the first 5 books of the Wheel of Time from a yard sale for like 10$. Gonna check 'em out after Dune.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Nothing really, so many shit I need to catch up first.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Probably high fantasy.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Gonna go vanilla but I'm gonna say "Once and Future King".
Bough the first 5 books of the Wheel of Time[tugging intensifies]
I just keep hearing people push this series. Should i give it another go?Don't. It's not worth it. To quote myself and another anon from /tg/:The Malazan series is...difficult. It doesn't hold your hand and explain things, in fact it sometimes feels like Erikson is deliberately concealing things from the reader because he expects you to deduce things from hints he sprinkles through the books.Let me put it this way: Erikson teaches a writing class where people have to write a story about two guys in a room with a corpse. The trick is that you have to write the story so that you never outright mention the corpse either in description or dialogue.Nevertheless, the astute reader is supposed to be able to work out that you have placed a corpse you aren't mentioning in the room.That's pretty much how the entire series is written.Which is pretty much why I gave up on the series by the time he pulled a THIRD continent out of his ass.The whole series feels like homework. Like you need to read it 5 times, have detailed maps of the worlds stapled on your walls and taking notes of all the shit that's happening all the while Erikson makes it INCREDIBLY difficult to keep track of shit that's happening on the pages. And on top of that his writing itself feels really dry.Like for all the shit /tg/ gives Jordan for his braid pulling and fillers at least he hada very fun, descriptive style so that you always feel immersed in the world, while Erikson feels like he's constantly going "What up faggot you want to know about my world, go fuck yourself I ain't telling shit!".Really don't like that series.
banks in general is fucking brilliant.whenever i'm lost for something to read on a plane journey or something, i just read one of his culture novels.only got 2 left though so need to find a new series to fill this important role.
i like the lighbringer seriesbut the third book is fucking shit, worthless filleri kid not, it opens with main guy in a prison and ends with him in prison, nothing fucking happenedi hate when authors do this, squeeze in one more book into trilogy for the monies
three book series turned into a four book seriesNOW a trilogy
Night AngelDoes this get any good? I read the first 50 pages but just found it silly how edgy the story was trying to be.
First 50 pages are actually only good part of entire triligyNot even trying to joke here
Yeah well try being a Wheel of Time fan and reading the books as they were coming out.hey I have this super simple story that can be wrapped up in 4 to 5 books. I know let's DRAG IT THE FUCK OUT WOO WOOO 20+ BOOKS HERE WE COOOO *huuurgh dead*
Is Book of the New Sun good for new reader?
what's your favorite culture novel?
No.
New read of scifi, or just a new reader in general?
I guess this is the right thread to ask...I want to start reading Discworld. What are the best ones to purchase to start with?
Guards Guards Guards
Latter
Start from the beginning!
No.
I think it was more common in the US during the height of the civil rights movement. Outside of that context I can't say whether that statement is true or not, though.
What if I've been reading for 23 years, and read quite a bit of sci-fi as a kid, but haven't read a lot lately aside from college coursework I'm still a student because of some medical shit I won't go into; it's handled now?
Have you read Borges? Are you familiar with Plato's theory of forms? Have you read jack Vance? The Bible? South American mythology? Are you well versed in the trappings and cliches of both fantasy and science fiction, especially works written before 1965?I'm overselling it to an extent. There's a lot to The Book of the New Sun, but most of it is hidden beneath a fairly accessible narrative. But it's still not really a good place to start, even if you've read for as long as you have.
Then yeah, go ahead.
Borges?No.forms?Yes.Vance?No.The Bible?Yes.South American mythology?Very little.trappings and clichesA bit.Kay.
Yeah, you'll just miss a few allusions, no big deal.
WHAT ARE THE BEST MILITARY SCI-FI BOOKS?PREFERABLY ONES WITH POWER ARMOR
Eh, you'll probably be fine then. As I said, the superficial story is really engaging so many of the finer points are completely missed on the first reading. And it does need to be read several times to fully understand a lot of it. So go ahead.
Haven't really read many. Age of Zeus by James Lovegrove is kinda fun.
Its advanced.
One doesn't need to completely understand it to enjoy the surface story.Other stuff referenced:Moby DickFrankensteinKing Arthur
Yeah that's why I said I was overstating it. I think a lot of the enjoyment comes from knowing what's being referenced where but the story itself is also really captivating and interesting. I had forgotten completely about the reference to Frankenstein. That was a good part.
Stephen Donaldson's only real claim to fame is the fact that the only protagonist people even remember him writing was shown as a rapist early on in the book
Just started the wheel of time a couple days ago. Normally I don't read alot of high fantasy, but found the first five books at a thrift store. So I decided to buy the first one to see if it's any good. A day later I'm 500 pages in and had to run back to the store to get the other four.I tried reading the Lord of the rings but could never get through it. I never cared one bit for any of the characters. It's the total opposite for the wheel of time. I know in the later books has a lot of filler and drags a bit. What book does that start?
after book 5 or so it drags on and on. it gets better after sanderson picks it up. i have no clue how, but sanderson actually managed to give the series a decent ending and tied up almost all of the loose ends and storylines out there. im glad i read the entire series but in the middle there it really drags. get ready for a lot glares, braid pulling, and skirt smoothing.
A day later I'm 500 pages in and had to run back to the store to get the other four.I like to imagine that you literally did run there.I know in the later books has a lot of filler and drags a bit. What book does that start?Probably around number 6.
Honestly if I had to I probably would have. I stayed up most of the night reading. It was like I was a kid getting into a new book. That's hard to come by after reading so many different series over the years.
Anything by Aaron Dembski-Bowden with the exception of Emperor's Gift which was awful. Dan Abnett's Iron Snake Trilogy is enjoyable.The Old Classic is Starship Troopers, but I personally never cared for.I enjoy Nick Kyme's Salamander series but that's a personal preference.
Helsreach by Aaron Dembeski Bowen
What did you like about them?Enders Game - non-retaded Mil-SFThe Forever WarThe Mote In God's EyeThe Lord of the Rings - Epic FantasyThe Worm OurobourosLyonesse
DON'T start with the begging. The prose wasn't very good until Pratchet god hold of his own style and developted it. I started with Mort myself and I had no problem in either follow it or loving the shit out of it.
The series becomes borderline unreadable from book 6 till book 11.Crossroad to Twilight is infamous for the fact that it literally 800 pages of absolutely fucking nothing happening and "something might happen in the next book so stay tuned".If you can force youself to slog though it you'll do fine, but if you start to get bored just read the wiki or something or get the audio books until you get though the bullshit period and into the final 4 books which are pretty good.
I say start with guards guards and then only read the watch books, because they are the best.
I seem to recall a book that covered only like 3 days and fuck all happened apart from Rand teleporting around talking to people.
Dune sequelsDrop it if you can't finish it. You either like them or you don't, and they won't get better. Try Lord of Light or The Dispossessed.He's a hack. Yes, but be warned that Stephenson is probably the worst professional author around at writing endings. It's worth it. Very 80s, but in a good way.Yes. Try to avoid the SF Masterworks if you can you might not if you want a physical copy, they used some weird cheap lamination method for the cover that peeled off immediately and the binding sucks for a trade paperback.Dune
Is it true that Dune was meant as a trilogy and that all books after the third one is just asspulls?
He's a hack. Elaborate?
It's absolutely true.
So if I liked the first two books, do I read the third one and call it quits, or is it worth reading them till the end?
If you liked the first two you'll like them all cause it's all the same escapist garbage tbh
its not good, periodits one of those titles you should only reach for if you already read everything else and have nothing to do
only the books about the guards and moist are worth your time, rest can be easily skipped oh and dont read them in order, some are really, really fucking bad
 Lord of Chaos, A Crown of Swords, The Path of Daggers, Winter's Heart, Crossroads of Twilight and Knife of Dreams could've EASILY been one book.That's almost 5000 pages worth of fucking nothing that could've easily been one 1000 pages book. Fuck COT has SO LITTLE story it could've been ONE CHAPTER of a book.I keep saying it, but WOT need a re-write. The first 5 books are good but everything after can easily be condensed into 2 books without losing any of the important story detail and end up with a much more enjoyable series in the end.
Armor by John Steakley.
Try God emperor as well, it's as good as the first three, in my opinion. Heretics and chapterhouse aren't any good.
Started reading this recently. I'm really digging her writing style.
Forgot my pic.
Questions to consider What SF/F books are you currently readingNemesis games by SA corvey. It's OK I guess. What SF/F books have you read this year?All the laundry files by Charles strossThe eshaton series by Charles strossRapture of the nerdsBook of the new sunIllium/olympos Revelation space seriesAgainst a dark background by Ian m banksA bunch of culture novels by Ian m banksSeveneves by Neal stephensonWho are your favorite SF/F authors?William Gibson, Neal Stephenson, Alistair Reynolds, heinlein, and gene wolfeRecent purchases?Nemesis games, seveneves, the star fractionUpcoming releases you're excited for?The end of all things by John scalzi. Sometime in august. It's in the old man's war universe. What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?New space opera, cyberpunk, and hard space fiction. Three way tie. What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Dude what. I really liked the once and future king. Haven't read into them beyond that. 
revelation spaceMy nigga. Alistair Reynolds is in my opinion the best writer of the new space opera. I mean the man used to work for the ESA for crying out loud. Revelation space is god tier, pushing ice is good, house of suns is meh, and terminal world is great in a pulpy kind of way. Just read slow bullets and it was mediocre. His new series about the space Africans is garbage. Still going to buy it though. God I wish he'd get back to the RS universe. May sky Hausmann bless you my friend.
I read the zones of thought series by Vernon vinge a while ago and I fucking loved it. Children of the sky was a bore tho. Anyone know if he is planning on writing any more in the series?
Against a dark background is my favorite Ian m banks novel. And consider phlebas is tied with use of weapons for my favorite culture novel. next Novel you should read is use of weapons by IMB
Try a deepness in the sky by Vernon vinge. It's more space opera than anything but it focuses on the development and decline of cultures over time.
Thanks anon!
I'm very slowly reading Pushing Ice right now.I wish he'd get back to RS, too. He's said in his FAQ that he would like to but it's been almost a decade since his last RS novel.
Just bought this on AmazonIs it good?
Doing Couch to 5klistening to Stormlight Archive while I runYou guys, we can get /fit/ and indulge in our nerdy shit at the same time.
Is Prince of Thorns worth a read?
recommendationspictureforants.jpgwhy?
yes, but dont take it seriously
They're large for me. I think it's on your end
you know, your mouse pointer turns into a magnifying glass for a reason
Vinge has said he wants to thus probably is writing two more novels in that universe.
He's pretty good at descriptive prose but completely clueless when dialogue and characters are concerned. He makes a good setting and then pisses it away. He's also a weak plotter, the ending to Starfish is laughable.
Great book. He's said that he wants to return to that universe as well, and there's plenty of room for sequels at the end of the book, but RS is by far is best book. I hope he cranks out a dozen more novels before he croaks.
I saw the trailer. Not sure why download and start reading, i'm at 15%~, pretty ok so far, more like survivalist guide than sci-fi I guess. I'm not usually the type of the guy who read this kind of shit but it is enjoyable how ''light'' it is.
filename
Are those charts for ants?Also, why does it seem like modern fantasy is moving away from young protagonists? Old protagonists make me feel like I've been dropped into the middle of a story already going on. What SF/F books are you currently readingReading Pandora's Star and His Magesty's Dragon.What SF/F books have you read this year?Spin and The Ocean at the End of the LaneWho are your favorite SF/F authors? J. V. Jones, Neil Gaiman, and Lev GrossmanRecent purchases?Pandora's StarUpcoming releases you're excited for?The next Sword of Shadows book, whenever Jones stops being a cunt and finishes it.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Low fantasyWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Ancient Aliens
we've already answered thisthe charts are not for ants, your mouse becomes a magnifying glass for a reason
Can someone point me towards a book that's like either of the following?urban fantasy/sci-fi with intricate mythology must not take place in a traditional sword-and-sorcery fantasy worldora blend of quantum physics and fantasy where the author clearly knows a reasonable amount about bothbonus points if the setting is noir because I'm genre fiction trash
for urban fantasy i guess perdido street station is good enoughi have no idea about which noir has 'intricate mythology'
I finished the Malazan Book of the Fallen series and thought it was pretty good, but I didn't read any of the other stuff besides the 10 main books. Should I just start with Night of Knives or is there a recommended order?
So like, other than Dune what are some Sci-Fi series set in universes similar to Star Wars more elements of Fantasy and the Mystical and less of a focus on technology
C.S. Lewis's the space trilogy is full of the mystical and magic, fantasy without technology. the only criteria is doesnt meet is a big universe full of planets, it's got the solar system at best, and if you don't like christian undertones, you won't like it
I'm not an antitheist so thats fine.
Actually that's the one I've just read. I loved it, but I love dragons too.Well I got The Colour of Magic too so I guess I'll continue with it now. Maybe it won't be as good as Guards but at least I know it's not the best.Which ones are really bad? I purchased Colour of Magic, Guards Guards, Wyrd Sisters and Raising Steam and then I found out it's the last one, lol.
He's a technically competent but unimaginative professional author who makes a living churning out large quantities of formulaic mediocre-to-bad novels.Maybe some of his stuff is decent, but frankly the incompetence of his Star Wars tie-in novels put me off of him when I was in junior high, his Dune "sequels" are universally derided by anyone that knows how to read, and my time is too valuable to me to go searching for quartz in a pile of KJA's dreck.
I needa read dat book now
Try Vance. Demon Princes and Dying Earth.
I don't know shit about quantum physics so I can't really help you with that.For the first two, I guess The Book of the New Sun and Richard Morgan's A Land Fit For Heroes may suffice, but maybe not. Both are a bit of a blend of sci-fi and fantasy in that they are set mega far in the future.
Haven't read them but usually for any series going with the order in which they're published is for the best.
What SF/F books are you currently readingJust finished The Liar's Key an hour ago so I have to choose my next one now. Honestly I have a itch to read some more Murakami next but theres a lot of SFF waiting as well. I'll probably do Ender's Game next. Besides that The Black Company has been waiting forever on my shelf and I should probably read a few of the Dune sequels before I forget too muchWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Dune, Elantris, The Great Book of Amber, Promise of Blood, The Crimson Campaign, The Autumn Republic, The Liar's KeyWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Zelazny, Mark Lawrence, Peter S BeagleSmall list but I haven't read multiple books of many authors honestly. GRRM and Rothruss are both faggots well, GRRM is just lazy I suppose and my feelings on their series soured over the years, Scott Lynch could easily go the same way as those two, Abercrombie is good but I don't exactly love him, Hobb I don't really care for outside of the Fitz books. Some others like Grossman aren't worth mentioningI still haven't tackled some giants like Asimov and LeGuin, and I've been too intimidated to start Wolfe so there's hope I find a new favorite in there. Sanderson as well I have a feeling might become a favorite Upcoming releases you're excited for?I have Blood Song and the two Django Wrexler books that I won in a giveaway The Thousand Names and the other I forgot the name of sitting waiting for the final books to be released so I can read each series in one go. Both are being released early next month so I suppose I'm excited about that. Hyped for The Thorn of Emberlain late this year. I wouldn't say I'm "excited" for Robin Hobb's next one but more anxious and hopeful it's not as bad/disappointing as Fool's Assassin wasWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Most of what I've read falls into high/epic fantasy I suppose although I don't exactly seek it. I've enjoyed the small amount of military fantasy I've read quite a bit
I started reading The Martian and it's a fairly surprising case of plot taking over the prose completely. It reads like a book written by popular science youtuber that's done some research into biotech. I can imagine his daily vlogs getting slew of upboats on ribbit science boards.
Black Company has excellent first book, two next books are very good and then a more noticeable fall in quality and concept. Wolfe is the only great author that ever wrote fantasy. Not much to be intimidated about. Ender's Game is a smart book and if you know how Dota works you might find some interesting parallels in game design.
Books similar to this?Ah, where can i get this edition?
I'm looking for a fantasy novelBut i don't want any of that knights and honor stuff, like LotR and ASOIAFBasically something that doesn't remind me of the medieval eraAny good ideas?
Similar style:Joe Abercrombie's First Law trilogyThe Steel Remains by Richard MorganThe Grim Company by Luke ScrullThe Adamantine Palace by Stephen DeasThe Tome of the Undergates by Sam SykesStories about two buddies who are rogues/thieves that get caught up in deadly adventures? Try Fritz Leiber's Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stuff.Yeah loads. Can you be more precise?
For example urban fantasy, where it's a modern setting but there just happens to be a monster or somethingCould also be something from like the tribal ages, but not between medieval and industrial revolution or futuristicAlso, i like monsters, especially if they've taken inspiration from real-life myths or somethingIf you have something about a wendigo, or a goatman, or some other mad shit, i guess that would be cool
trying to come up with names for a fantasy novelSeriously just kill me now.
Really makes you think morality is just a construct.
/lit/ - literature
knock yourself out summerfag: 
JUST
fucking summerfarts
I don't care about morality. I only care about the love and life of Christ.
Isn't he a moral realist?
humans make laws, what a breakthrough
opinions, /lit/?
It's ok, but far from being his best.
It this some clever form of shit posting, or do this many people discover Lovecraft on a regular basis then come here to find out how lit feels about him?Anyway, he's probably one of the most influential horror authors ever for a good reason.
the book says about itself as collection of best of the best Lovecraft stories. what would u consider as his best then? i like his style
I like The Outsider, Pickman's Model, and The Color out of Space most of all. I have no idea which collection is best, but that is also irrelevant, as his entire work is available online.
what's his best?
It was one of Lovecraft's weaker stories, but somehow became the most well-known piece of Lovecraftian fiction."At the Mountains of Madness" is probably his best work. If you're in a /pol/ mood, "The Horror at Red Hook" is fun too. It's the only one where the big reveal of the supernatural threat at the end doesn't diminish the scariness.

Oh, well I had in mind that the 'call of cthulhu' book has like 6 or 7 stories in it, considering 'the colour out of space', 'the dunwich horror,' 'the whisperer in darkness' etc, not only 'call of cthulhu' which was yeah, 5/10. But most of the stories are connected to the others more or less, right?
btw, the 'Shadow over Innsmouth" was 8/10 for me, good one.
Call of Cthulu is barely worth reading, literally a meme story.Dunwich Horror, Colour Out of Space and Shadow Over Innsmouth are his most accessible and probably his best. At the Mountains of Madness is great as well but it's pointless reading it unless you're familiar with the mythology.
, 
I'm socially fiscal and liberally conservative.
How dare you slander the our Christian intellectual and cultural inheritance?!
I'm a leftist
this fashion item represents a position i don't agree with
tfw you do nothing since graduation a few weeks agotfw you woke up at 10 am today and have spent 4 hours on the internet while drinking too much coffeetfw I kind of want to learn programming and read the good books on my shelf but not enough motivationtfw I set myself goals and then immediately delete them because I think I should just do what comes naturally and setting goals isn't sustainableWhat the fuck do? I feel like, in the words of Schopenhauer, I'm reading myself stupid. But that's easy for him to say when he lived over 100 years ago and you could revolutionise philosophy in an afternoon, make advances in chemistry in your shed etc. My "great hope" is to make a flappy bird tier app that gets successful due to luck.Add to all that: Stirner's philosophy throwing a further wrench in to things.
kill yourself.
replace coffee with weed, add in barely holding down a shit restaurant job, and you just described my last year.
This may not really apply to you or your issue but I feel this post is as good as any to say this..When my self-discipline has spiraled out of control and I find myself slipping into a life lull, I reaffirm this principal and it always brings me back on track.It's a cliche comparison of chess and life. In chess it's said that many good positions wins the game. Instead of a grand scheme and diliberate plan, merely moving your pieces into small better positions will make strategies that emerge from the positions. Put your bishop on the long diagonal. Get your knights behind outposts. Castle. Acheive central positions for your pawns. Trade bishop for knights in a closed game. Put your rook behind your passed pawn, and so on.Making these small adjustments in your life that improve your positions but don't obviously move your "grand scheme" forward is the same. Not only that but by excersizing the muscle of self discipline in small confrontable bites will grow it until you can, say, sit down and learn programming even though that's not exactly what you want to do at that moment.You can come up with your own better positions but the things I always start with are: Waking up at 6am by alarm without using snooze. Eating more wholesome traditional foods and cooking my own meals. Getting into a consistent gym/excersize regime. etc. etc.You can come up with your own list, but the idea is the same. If you move your pieces into better positions, other unrelated shifts began to happen and your luck and ability to concentrate improves.
wanting to accomplish things is a spook
Hey /lit/ I'm looking for some literature about the early slavic peoples, The only book that I could find was "The Early Slavs" by P.M. Barford It's pretty pricey too I was hoping you guys could suggest some other literature regarding this subject.
Also Yngvars saga
I forgot to say but books by Osprey Publishing have really nice overviews of weapons and vestments.
Looks neat I will take a look at it. However is there anything on Slavs in general? Not just specifically Russians.

Serbs are scum and Croatia has a great shoreline. That's everything you have to know about Slavs.
t. buttmad Croat
Pali traktor srbinebrm brm
FrediZašto se još nisi ubio, Ciganine?
Look for that book in a library near you, there's not a lot of choice for works in English on early Slavic history. Florin Curta - The Making of the Slavs: History and Archaeology of the Lower Danube Region, C. 500-700Florin Curta - Southeastern Europe in the Middle Ages, 500–1250Paul Stephenson - Byzantium's Balkan Frontier: A Political Study of the Northern Balkans, 900-1204 a bit later, covers Serbians, Croatians, and Bulgarians in relation to the Byzantines
jaFrediDante, prestani sa svojim paranoičnim projekcijama.
sports costumes are comfortable.
The Czechs are still best Slavs, though. And l'm not even Czech.
Kako ti kažeš, Fredi.
i agree i might be opinionated though cuz im 1/4 czechthose weekends in prague though
epsko xDgoreglasano
Ebal sam vi maikata, cigani; stiga ste lainopostvali.
This is my friend, Dan. Dan is in a coma after a stroke and they're not sure if he's going to pull though. He's a skilled writer and I only know him though one of my local writers groups. He isn't married and has no family. I'm scared to death that he's going to die and his work will be lost. I'm not family so the hospital won't give me any personal info and I don't know where he lives. I guess the reason I posted this is because I don't want him or any of the writers here to become crippled/incapacitated/. deceased and never have their work sent out into the world. If you'll pray for him is appreciate it, or if you don't pray please spend some extra time today and in the future to get your own work into the hands of readers. I think it would break me if he died and the fruits of his labor died on the vine. This has definitely motivated me.tl;dr- don't waste a day in pushing your work towards completion. Do it today.Gas-Kun :
i finished my fisrt novel a week ago, been on a bender ever since the
My friends have enough of my work distributed among them that they could probably put together an anthology of my stuff if they wanted. Doesn't Dan have facebook? Can't you look in his wallet for his address and family name while visiting him or something? How did you find out he was in hospital anyway, if you're not in contact with anyone who knows him?
Bitch, please. What makes you think his writing has any merit? Because you like him?"Everyone is speshul" generation at work
I'll be the non-cynical dickhead and say, thanks, OP.It's been a shitty past month and some change, and I've been doing a really good job of letting my depression get the better of me. My writing life has been stifled down to a low whimper, and I've spent a lot of time just blowing the editing of my novel off.I've got a few days off work and will try to get back into a proper routine again.Thanks.
I'm looking for books in the following areas:the Sumerian religionDruzeZoroastrianismMandeanismYazīdīSamaritanismMessianic JudaismSikhism Coptic ChristianityShia IslamI would refer either books on the histories of each faith or a summary about their beliefs if possible.
Also, ask others for books based on your interests.
If I were you mate I'd do the wiki technique:1Go on selected article. Example: Zoroastrianism2Go down to further reading/sources/bibliography 3Pick a good book4????5Profit
Man it's sad, but the Yazidi are undergoing a full scale ethnic cleansing at the hands of ISIS at the moment
summary about their beliefsstone age sandnigger fairy tales
Sumer and the Sumerians by Harriet Crawford
I know but im not even mad or surprised. The Muslim conquests did that to all the jews and Christians and zoroastrians in the middle east over a thousand years ago anyway on an infinitely larger scale
Yup, Afghanistan used to be a Buddhist centre of learning
Don't you worry, they have a safe home in Pesh Merga and PYD controlled areas. And once Erdogan moves aside, there may even be some sort of hope for actual kurdish souvereignty.
Manly P Hall: Secret Teaching of all ages and Lectures of Ancient Philosophy.
Myths from Mesopotamia
as if living under leftists is betterThen they're just delaying the destruction of their culture by a couple of decades.To hell with ISIS and the leftist dogs. We should have never taken Sadam out of power.
Baathistdo I have to remind you what Saddam did to the Kurds? No friend of Saddam is a friend of the yazidi.
Just ordered pic related. what does /lit/ think about niall ferguson, is he on to something?Better alternatives?
bumping for lit's opinions
Niall Ferguson is a pop-history hack for the "socially liberal, fiscally conservative" types you see preaching the gospel of bitcoin at your university.
capitalist shill
Newsflash, capitalism is not badThat said, Niall Ferguson's culturally insensitive and thoroughly questionable interpretations of Islam render his work unsound
culturally insensitive and thoroughly questionable interpretations of IslamDoesn't he have proof?
niall fergusonwalks towards camera
Kek
defending capitalism AND IslamBack to the blackness with you, heretic scum.
The embrace of cultural diversity is the key to capitalism's success
Where can I find good critiques of those types' ideology? Their Jacobin fanaticism is annoying as fuck but I have trouble articulating why. I'm reading The Ego and Its Own right now I'm on a shitposting break; they do seem to be possessed with the "moral faith" kind of spook.
his writing style is really terrible. he writes in this faux familiar tone and it usually comes off like he's explaining something to a five year old. this exactly
Have you tried Marxist historiography?
I haven't but I'm getting into it. I ordered "The German Ideology" haven't read any of his other works, haven't read Hegel and eant to grt into Zizek later.
Most titanic intellects who write books meant for mass consumption must feel like they are explaining things to five year olds. So it's no surprise that their tone comes off that way.Niall Fergusontitanic intellectself-correct: and people who THINK themselves titanic intellects
yeah after writing that i felt it should have phrased it differentlyhe doesn't write like he's speaking to the layman, he writes like he's speaking to a mentally impaired human being
Its all online, free, marxists.org
Given that Ferguson thinks the common person is mentally impaired, is it any wonder?
not really i guess
What does /lit/ think of Felipe Fernández-Armesto? How does he compare to Ferguson?
his writing style is really terrible. he writes in this faux familiar tone and it usually comes off like he's explaining something to a five year oldI felt this exactly. He also seems to cherry pick history events so as to support his somewhat farfetched ideas.
His newer books, really anything after War of the World, are pretty trashy. Chimerica, Toryentalism, etc. make it sound like a children's history book.The Pity of War and War of the World are decent history books and were apparently well researched. He has some outlandish ideas and to /lit/ he probably seems like he's trying too hard to be an edgy contrarian sometimes but at least you're reading a new take on a familiar subject.Also kinda hunky. Is he banging Hirsi Ali?
Ouch, i'm getting cold feet about reading his workCan anyone w knowledge pls answer 
He also seems to cherry pick history events so as to support his somewhat farfetched ideas.I'm going to come out as a stem fag here but isn't that all historians? Isn't all history just picking your favourite points to fit the curve that you want? I get the impression that going to a prestigious grad school and being old, white, and authoritative looking is 99 % of a historian's success
What about his more economically inclined books like The Ascent of Money? Any good?
No, mate. We're very good at picking curve matching. And we get bonus points for raping people in public. Like we've raped Ferguson here.History is a process where you start with a curve language, then you read stuff to challenge yourself, then you map another curve, then you read more, then you map another curve, then you read more, then you map another curve, then you explain your mapped curve with examples from close text readings, then everyone else tries to rape you.So exactly like being an engineer but we don't consent.
Also, House of Rothschild
Niall FergusonI have watched his documentary on the BBC. I was alright, but all those bastard figures from the academia and the entertainment industry are not good.
What about them? He's shit.
I'm going to come out as a stem fag here but isn't that all historians? Isn't all history just picking your favourite points to fit the curve that you want?NOPE. There's a reason that Niall Ferguson, Howard Zinn, and other pop-historians who remove context or add a smokescreen of raging bias to convey an obvious political agenda are treated only as a joke in serious academia, as are pop-historians such as Menzies who peddle questionable theories and claims.
"socially liberal, fiscally conservative"So not a dumbass?
Zinn showed a perspective not normally seen, Nail shows the old worn out liberal-capitalist propagandaThe bubble in which you live and don't wish to pop.
I had to pop a lot of bubbles to get here.
I'm talking about the veil of propaganda protecting our eyes from the serious flaws of civilization.What're you talking about, sex?
what is one serious flaw of civilization? i've never cared for this argument because of the problem with defining civilization. the farther and farther away we get from modern day civilizations, there still remains a civilization. what do humans look like without civilization? can we find any points in history of it?
correct
niall fergusonColonialist scum
Capitalism. The spooks that we stick to out of comfort even when it is detrimental to our well being.
capitalisminteresting. i understand the fallacies of capitalism as well as the next guy but are we really to see capitalism as an entirely detrimental thing? i think not, but perhaps you can persuade me to think otherwise. de spooksmay i have an example of such spook?
I agree with ideas that imperialism ended up doing well ironic as am a economic socialist but frankly his writing style is condescending and he treats the reader like a child.this tbhOverall he's not the worst but there are A LOT better people out there to read history off of.
could you pls recommend a few?
this guy is just making the case for imperialism and for ferguson, and making himself out to be some hysterical idiot
Ferguson is a good writer, but that book is a shitty "introduction" type book full of boring anecdotes and pretend rigor.
Can any-fucking-one name some better alternatives to ferguson instead of bitching about him?I know nothing about this topic which is why i created this thread, just fucking humor me and do some name dropping
The Clash of Civilizations is a "west and the rest" theory written from a political scientist's perspective. It's extremely influential and often understandably criticized. Jihad vs. McWorld advances a somewhat similar theory Guns, Germs and Steel is a work of pop-geography that deals with a similar central question to Ferguson's in Civilization, although geography academics are usually appalled by its line of inquiry
Example of such spookThis is from Stirner. How new are you?Fallacies of capitalismIt is designed to create classes and for corruptions at all levels. It is war, it is crime, it is poverty and it is much of ignorance. It is a "spook" like any religion and only hold values that we assign it. Food, shelter, clothing and the labor it takes to make and move them is all that's real. These things existed before the invention of currency and they can survive without it. I understand their origins and we can forgive the ancients, but money did not create the modern world.
a few what bro?
A few historians who have written books that /lit/ likes better than fergusonThanx anon!!
well fam, what period you looking for? classical, napoleonic, ww1, ww2?
Honestly I would love to read something that deals with "the big picture", like what has led to this situation and this is where we are heading. Does it exist?
Juan Grompone - La danza de Siva
The Muqaddimah is a 13th century work of historiography that is one of the earliest books other than possibly some works of classical Europe to ask precisely that question
I don't really know but there are books about the rise of Western civilizations or alternatively the decline of the West if you're up for it.
the decline of the WestThere are some ridiculously self parodical works claiming this, yes.More realistic, however, would be a book about eventual power transitions from large western powers to large eastern ones, a transition which would surely be reflected by a slight but noticeable shift in cultural norms
There's good ones that exam China's rise and the geopolitical implications the new power would force e.g. discussion of a modern tribute state style system.
Former secretary of the treasury Henry Paulson, who has written a few essays on the topic, recently came out with a book of that nature that I've been meaning to read. Based on an earlier essay of his that I've read he mostly seems to take the stance that China's rise will involve tense but ultimately peaceful economic integration.
I'm not a STEM-fag, but I admit, you're right on the money with that statement.
The trouble is that serious academia is treated as a joke outside "serious academia".
there are no alternativesjust give up
How is that stem?I think you should look more into historia, there is a lot more texture there then your impression is."popular" history and academic history is very very different and many people make their careers being, and focusing on not white guys. Your comment, no offense, sounds like someone saying "i feel like all sculptors are Italian"
I'll take a colonialist over anyone else, frankly. Because everyone else is just that much more insufferable, but they all suck tbh.People think they know shit. They all know fuck all and present themselves as oracles for no goddamn reason except to make themselves feel secure.
How is this the case when even at low tier schools tenured academics regularly mention that they are contacted for advice by elected officials, consulted for advice and information by TV and radio programs, quoted as experts in news publications, or in a few cases have even been invited to and/or attended galas hosted by major world leaders? Certainly doesn't sound like a joke to me.
Muchas gracias amigos!Sure! As long as it is applicable to understanding todays society
You have to think that, for political reasons. You are the exact equivalent of a /pol/-fag who refuses to read the work of black authors.
the key to AIDS' success is not immediately killing those infected
To put it one way, he's better than Jared Diamond, although probably still in the same category of historians as Jared Diamond.However, it is a very fun read.
Pretty much all books about "I explain civilization" are trash.Just read Spengler anon. He's the wildcard that knew how to write in the mess of pseudo-historico-geographo-political books that parade as academia.
the origins of the modern world by robert marks
alsoworld systems analysis by immanuel wallerstein for a marxist take on last five hundred years of history
wallerstein is basedexcept for the kondratieff cyclesi feel like he's such a genius that at some point we'll actually find evidence for them tho
His Ascent Of Money TV show was better and more comprehensive than his book.
how new are you?please stay on point, what spook out of the our spooks can we use as an example? can you please give me at least one?cap fallaciesnot really feeling the designed to create corruption part. corruption is very easily executed through capitalism, but i do not think that it is in its purpose to do so. it surely has the means and ability to turn any situation into a shitty one, but it also has the potential to provide and support. idk this is going to turn into a long, drawn-out and pointless discussion on this point. i was just interested in what negative aspects of capitalism others see.
Daily reminder that Western imperialism was literally the best thing to happen.
Does anybody want to read Infinite Jest with me? We'll read ten pages a day.Reading schedule:
ten pages? ewwwww
Yeah, I'm not sure why it is just ten pages.
Snacking on a turd will almost surely make most vomit, but tiny slivers of feces mixed in with a daily routine go down like normal.
It's for plebs, is why.
make it at least 20 and you're on OP
Sure, 20 - 30 is better, but someone else would have to make the schedule to accommodate because I am not good at that stuff.
Ten pages a day isn't such a bad idea when you consider everyone on here has their own backlogs and reading they're doing. Something like ten pages allows everyone part of the group to participate without having to drop everything else.
Fine, let's do ten m8s
Ten pages of Infinite Jest is like at least 20 pages of most other books though assuming you're reading it in a physical format, I'm not sure if the ebook preserves the page size. It's fucking massive and long winded. That's not even mentioning the endnotes once you start getting to the parts that refer to them.
We can adjust the pace if necessary.
I'm in
I'm in on this as well
I'm white and in college, too. Let's do this!
Ignore this asshole opI, for one, am sincere enough to join you in your reading, OP.
Made me lol
lol yeah me too. White people who are in college are like my least favorite kind of people, they're always doing nerdy shit like reading books and going to book clubsWHITEAIN'TRIGHT
there's far better shit to read than dfw
June 21st? I guess I'll be in. I'm white and starting college so I guess I should. And this way I can keep reading other stuff too.
skype is coutour
I remember picking on this kid that read books. He became a humanities major and I STEM'd and I'm now a millionaire. Reading is for faggots
please add me
I'm definitely in!
SkypeOP here, I don't really want to use that. It would be best to keep everything on here.
3
Why would you read? I'm in STEM and I make 10000000000000 dollars a year and I don't read.
I'm in. I am white and going to college this fall.
I began reading this yesterday, got about three pages in, and decided I didn't want to dedicate at least a month to this of all books. I'll try again, but I've gotta say I really wasn't a fan of DFW's voice in those first few pages.The moment I put it down I picked up Scott Lynch's The Lies of Locke Lamora and was 50 pages in a half hour later. Now that's a page turner.
I'm in too! Will we start on June 21 like that schedule then?
at least 20 pages of most other books thoughso then shouldn't you set the pace at maybe 60-80 pages a day? how little do you fucking read?
White Canadian on holiday visa in Melbourne. Close though.
i'm doing iti'm not white and 10 pages is perfect for mein the meantime, i'll have an excuse to read broom of the system
I'm in too
That would be a sensible daily pace if you were reading alone but this is for a casual reading club where everyone has lives outside of reading, and needs to stand a chance of catching up if they miss a day or two. you're an idiot for willfully ignoring such an obvious detail, never talk about reading again
I as well, am interested, in this.
So what you are saying is that you only have 30 mins a day to spend on reading?
I just finished IJ last month but I'd like to read it again. The slow pace is good for me because I have other books reading.
nice post m8. sooper ironic.
a page turner/tv/
I'd do it, but I'm already close to a hundred pages in. Enjoying it so far. It's very entertaining.
Question OP.So I looked at the site. It looks like this a thing on its own? Or did you create it?Because the only reason I would read it with you guys is so I can get a daily dose of witty literary banter.I don't want to read it with a bunch of insincere normies.
No, I didn't create that. It's been around for a while.Will we start on June 21 like that schedule then?Yeah I suppose it would be best to start then. It would be nice to start sooner, but this gives everyone ample time to get the book and such.
I'm down. I wasn't going to tackle it this summer, but fuck it.
Make a Goodreads group.
hahaha fucking white people smh tbh
Twenty pages. I go back to Uni early September and I'd rather it didn't stretch into then.I would love this though. I've always wanted a lit bookclub and I've been wanting to re-read Infinite Jest for a while now. Set a date/schedule/wahetever and I'm in
so is this happening?
Yes, it's happening on June 21.Keep this thread alive until then so that more people join us.
sorry, just got heremy creative writing professor gave me a copy of IJ, said my style reminded me of it, i'll be here 21 June, i think it'll be fun to read this with what are basically my only friends
Can't we start sooner?
OP here -- theoretically we could start tomorrow, but we need to allow time for people to get the book.We could probably start a week earlier on the 14th. Let's see how many people get in here over the next few days and see.
14th sounds good to me. Hope you keep to your word OP. Last book club lit had disappeared real quickly and those keeping it order jumped ship
Don't worry. :^At 10 - 20 pages a day, it's probably not worthwhile to meet everyday though. I think it would be best to have that as a goal but basically just say "Finish __ pages by Sunday" and then discuss that.

In case yr new here, everyone pretends to have read it. It's the running joke here on /lit/.It's 50 Shades bad.
i'm down for the 14ththis sounds good
Does this book have any subtle homosexuality? I don't want to waste my time reading some breeder mubo jumbo
I'm drunk and can't decipher what the heck this post meansThere's no homosexuality as far as I remember though, besides a few minor characters like a drunk Irishmen who rapes his son, a crossdressing black man prostitute and an art film about AIDS infected gays fucking
I'm in.But my edition is in brazilian portuguese therefore the number of pages might be slightly different
Troeltsch ??
post dick pics
..yeah, cough epub cough - was wondering same, tbh. But she asked 1st.
I wish i had an digital reader like a Kindle or something but i'm stuck with the brick edition
Wtf
what
It's the BR trans.The one that mistranslates Year of Glad as Year of Happy
It's... Beautiful... Where did you get it, Jesús?
As  said it's the Brazilian Portuguese translation.You can get it with international shipping here 
Someone with the regular paperback version can just write the paragraph where we should all stop.
Why don't we make it one chapter a day I don't know how long chapters are, or one for every 2 days if they're longer than 10 pages?Also, someone should try keeping up a Infinite Jest Challenge # up everyday so we keep up discussions about the book to the point that everybody readed.
I almost bought it yesterday, but I have the original on my Kindle and I'll give a try. I found this book beautiful, the orange around the pages is awesome! I just don't get why jest is translated for graça.
I'm reading IJ on my own this summer, and am actually having a great time with it. Remember kids, don't listen to memers. Make up your own mind about these things.
nice meme
Saveddeshitaya gurl, it's mostly breeder shit, just read it.
The fourteenth would be good and I think 10 pages a day is a fine schedule so I can keep up on other reading. I would really like to participate in this and hope it doesn't quit.
Guys I don't think you understand how excited I am for this!!
how many will be rereading
me too, i'm so stoked to actually read along with people i actually enjoy spending time with, albeit through the interzweb but w.e.
I have the ebook, how may I count ten pages? I'm pretty sure that one pagein the Kindle are note on page in the book.
i have a hard-copy and a kindle, i could dl IJ and keept everyone updated on where to start and end the appropriated locations
srry im drunkbut i think you can get the gist of what i meant
dfw this will never work
Stop memeing

He looked happy.:
bump
he looks like a 3 year old boy
autism?
where is that from?
Great, I would appreciate that.
it's a clip from the end of the tour
2. Tried, but DNF 5 votes 26%holy fuck how pleb can you be, I read this book in highschool
The 14th sounds fine. You might wanna think about tripping up for the book club threads if you're going to be the one organizing this.
could we just follow the schedule on the website?because, the thing is, the website has a website, and we don't
i read proust in middle school
It's not hard to make a Tumblr.
I'm halfway through reading it but am restarting to read along with /lit/
forgot to take off name, please ignore
i might be alone in this but i'd like to just stick to the website because if we start making our own schedule then people will be tempted to start to speed up or slow down and i'd really like to just go slow and steady on this onejust my preference
if we go by the edition with the sky cover page 10 ends with "patch looked oddly incomplete, gnawed-on; and some of the nauseous stuff" and the end of the paragraph is "'My son at this! Help!' and lapping me twice before the memory receds."
are you too retarded to subtract 7 from the dates on the website in your head?
i just want to keep on a regular scheduleare you too retarded to understand that?
how is doing the same schedule but starting on the 14th instead of the 21st irregular in your mind?
i explained in the other postin the end it's just my preferenceif you're so against waiting a week, then so be itso far it's 1:1
OP here -- thanks for that. I only have the ebook edition, but it seems the beginning of the book has relatively short chapters.I'd like to start on the 14th because I've realized we can all get a digital copy of the book while we are waiting for a physical version if some people are doing that.I'm going to make a provisional schedule tonight to accommodate for this start date, as well as the short chapters. For instance, it seems better to read the entire first chapter at once rather than reading only ten pages.I'll also make a permanent Tumblr that was a good idea, whoever suggested it to use as a reference because it is easy to cite for newcomers. However, I'd like to keep to /lit/ as much as possible.I'll include  and  in this post if you are still here.
I can't believe how many of you have never even read Infinite Jest and yet there's so much shitposting about it
For instance, it seems better to read the entire first chapter at once rather than reading only ten pages.this is what i said abovei'd rather wait until the 21st and keep on a regular schedule. i don't see the point of this if you're going to keep changing the schedule at will. for the record, i've already read the first few chapters, and i have no problem just going 10 pages from the start, because I think over time it will be a lot easier and better for appreciating it.i know you are impatient to start, and i feel the same way by i also have a sense of how schedules work. you assign a reasonable amount each time and everyone will keep up and we can talk about it. you want to double or triple it and people will fall behind.in before anyone gets extremely angry at me for simply voicing my opinion
YOU FUCK, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i dont think theres any point autistically sticking to 10 pages per day some 10 page sections will have 6 pages of endnotes and other 10 page sections will end like 2 pages before the end of the chapter
I like the idea of a permanent tumblr so way to go op
the endnotes is precisely why i want to stick to 10 pre-endnote pages a day, reading any endnotes that appear during those 10 pagesi have no problem with reading ahead either as long as the global schedule doesn't changei don't expect i'd read ahead, but maybe i might, but i don't want to be forced to read ahead randomly because one of you decided itplease don't get angry and call me autistic
i don't see the point of this if you're going to keep changing the schedule at will.It hasn't been made yet, but there will be a formula to it for good reason once it is made. It won't be simply randomly made at will.I agree with this guy    .
nobody called you autistic, i called reading 10 pages a day even if it makes more sense to read 1 or 2 extra pages to finish the chapter autistic.
So how will the threads work? If we're intending to discuss every day there will probably always be a thread up, right? So we can probably fit a few days of discussion into just one thread and make a new one when it hits the post limit.
please calm downplease, please calm down
I'm an avid non-fiction reader mostly philosophy my favorite non-non-fiction writers are Kafka and Dostoevsky. I'm old 30+ and I've never read any Foster Wallace. Can anyone tell me a little about this book? I know it's a meme book here kind of like Neutral Milk Hotel is on /mu/ ... I'm thinking to partake this reading group but I'd like to know more about the novel and what to expect. Thanks.
It's a non-sequential narrative that illustrates family dynamics, consumerism, conspiracy theories, addiction in all forms, tennis, depression and a lot of other stuff often via humorous anecdotes about gruesome or dysfunctional scenarios.
i am calm, i just disagree with you.
i really just want to keep it regularif it's not regular, then i won't be able to do itif you do it by chapter, it's not going to be regularten pages is plenty fast. if you just want some extra motivation to read it as fast as possible why do this? i really feel bad because i was excited about this and now it's gonna be like read 100 pages a day or something, which I just can't do.
Yes, there should always be a thread floating around. Especially as we are just starting out so that newcomers might join.
who in this thread is saying 100 pages a day?
now it's gonna be like read 100 pages a day or something,That would obviously never happen. The goal is to read 70 - 100 pages every week.Please just wait and let me make a draft of the schedule.
It is a long, meandering look at the balance of entertainment and work in a Sci-Fi approximation of the modern age. Quite a bit of it is funny, though it's also often fairly dark. The longwinded prose sounds somewhere between University Professor and whiny teenage girl, and is easily sidetracked into talking about the fictional tech of the day or anecdotal stories that don't seem to have anything to do with the larger threads of the book.There are two main characters, an anxious teen at a tennis academy and a reforming burglar with drug addictions, but there are many more reoccurring characters we follow throughout the book, mostly people related to the two main characters, tennis players, trainers, admin, junkies, crooks, rehab staff but there is also a much larger plot of political intrigue that sort of encapsulates it all.At the very core of the plot and this is a bit of a spoiler is a film so entertaining, you'll die if you watch it, for lack of the need to do anything else.
shhh you're interrupting the circlejerk
The problem with keeping everything on here is that your daily thread is going to be full of shitposting, every single day
pretty sure we're going to be right around 10 paegs a day, the guy just said he wanted to adjust it for chapter that are 8 or 12 pages or whatever. im sure it will be fine as long as he makes a proper schedule for it
i think this whole thing stems out of impatiencewhich is completely at odds with doing this, since it's about going slow and steadythere's no shame in taking your time. i don't want to race to see who can finish it the fastestplease don't ruin what could be a good thing with your ego
mom won't give me money to buy IJ until the 20th!
agree with this tbh, have other stuff to read and if we go above like 20 in one day i wouldnt have the time to read the other stuff im reading.why are you overreacting so badly? we are literally talking about reading a couple of pages more or less than 10 on some days dictated by chapter breaks.
i don't want you to ruin a good thing with impatience. you're already too impatient to wait until the 21st. what's the difference? why are you reacting so badly to what i'm saying?
how about we wait till the 21st because you seem to think tha'ts important but we still make our own schedule beause 10pgs a day is too rigid and sometimes 12 or 9 might be better
whats the difference between reading 13 pages and reading 10? If the next chapter is 13 pages away it makes sense to read 13 pages. Waiting until the 21st will kill momentum IMO as lots of people will have forgotten about this whole thing, but it doesn't matter to me personally - if anything the 21st actually fits my schedule a little bit better than the 14th.
So. How is this being executed? Do we "discuss" it on lit or on OPs link? There is probably a link already posted that explains this but...I'm in.
Is there a good ereader version available?
read the sticky
why can't you just allow people to read at their own discretion and keep a global 10?you don't have to be a rocket scientist to realize that it would be most proper for you to read the book at least by chapter, but that's sometimes too long or too short for comfortso at every inconsistent point you're going to be forced to make yet another call regarding how to lump together or divide chaptersinstead of reading from X2 to X1 every day i'm reading different intervals every dayand now 9-12 has increased to 13. and soon it will be 15 and 20. and already we've doubled our original speed. and maybe later on it'll make sense to read 40 a day, because that's just how the chapters work?what are you losing by doing 10 a day? why can't you just read ahead at your own pace but keep track with the global schedule. you read ahead 5 pages? then you have 5 less to do tomorrow. what's the issue?and no i think the more time we have this thread up, the more people will see it and the more will join.and yes the 21st fits my schedule better and a lot of this has to do with my current reading schedule which is very regular and disregards chapters as well.i have pleasure reads too okay? i read on the bus and when i have a spare moment like everyone else, but i also have shit that i need a schedule for, because they're more difficult and i can't handle doing huge chunks at once.not to mention the pragmatic consideration that a regular global schedule is easier for organizing several people. i don't have to check some tumblr every day to know i have to read a multiple of 10 pages.
 dfw you're making zadie so moist
It's not hard to look at a tumblr once per day, you could even just note down somewhere the amount of pages to read each day if you don't want to check it daily.the book was not supposed to be read in neat 10 page chunks, so we absolutely do lose out by reading it in 10 page chunks. it makes the most sense to use 10 as a rough guideline and adjust as necessary using common sense instead of robotically reading 10 pages every single day like its a fucking chore.
if you don't want to do it, don't ruin it. don't turn the thing into something completely differentthis isn't about reading infinite jest in what you view to be the best way possible. it's about reading it in a particular way, a way that probably has a lot of benefits in an of itself.also it looks like people did it already and it worked out pretty great
completely differentwe are talking about literally 2,3 pages more or less on some daysthere is no reason to read it in 10 page chunks if the end of the next chapter is 8 or 11 pages away.
why do you always have to be too good or too smart for something? why can't you just relax and do something simple that works? why do you have to ruin it for me and maybe others by double and halving the speed every other day because you feel like it?why can't you just read ahead by yourself and keep a global 10 a day schedule? do you even know what the 10 a day is for? it's so you have a manageable, digestible amount of a long book each day so you can know that you'll finish it by a certain time. it's so you don't have to feel like you have to read as much as humanly possible in a given period of time and focus on what you have read. it's because not everyone is as amazing as you and can read and absorb IJ in one sitting.
cant believe that there are people on /lit/ autistic enough for me to have to make this.
why are you even replying to me if you aren't going to address my argument and just act like i said a hideously exaggerated version of what i actually said
fuck you man. i mean really. i really hate you right now, whoever you are.i got excited about it, but now you're going to destroy it. and honestly i doubt very much this will be going on for /lit/ in a few months either because of this. i'll just read it by myself like everything else.i don't like arguing for this, but i did and i risked looking ridiculous because i know that it's a good thing. but fuck it. and fuck you because i wanted to do this together and you ruined it.
ten pages a dayHoly shit /lit/ should be euthanized .
10 pages a day?I don't think I've spent 4 months on a book since junior high.
fuck you for letting everyone decide what they want instead of pandering to me!!!leave you entitled fuck, you can't expect everyone else to read 10 pages every day just because you are a fucking paranoid schizo who reads "lets read 7-13 pages rather than strictly 10" as "lets read infinite jest in one sitting with no breaks for food or sleep!!!"
you're the one who wants everyone to pander to you because you're too impatient to keep on a schedule. nothing you say like that means anything, because it can just be reflected against you. at least i have the original website on my side.
you're the one who wants everyone to pander to you because you're too impatient to keep on a schedulei made a poll you dumb cunt, if you want to read strictly 10 pages then vote for strictly 10 pages instead of babbling shit about how im ruining your life in this thread
absolutely ! Am already planning to and am doing some serious language learning too so this sort of slow pace should be good...
you made a poll that you'll obviously winyou think you understand something i don't about reading to the end of the chapter when it's you who doesn't understand the benefits of a consistent scheduleyeah i'm upset because this could've been fun and you're the only who thinks he's just way too good to follow a simple schedule
What are the benefits of a consistent schedule? You have yet to provide any except for the fact that you dont have to spend literally 30 seconds each day finding out what page to read to

I think 10 pages is a good number. All the die-hard patricians in this thread who thinks it's too small are the fags who are going to drop the book first after a few days.Since there will be daily discussion, why not just read the same 10 pages twice or thrice so you have a better comprehension of the book instead of speed reading it like it's some john green ya shit.
only 7 people itt have already read itso are you all underage or what?
you know when you finish. you know what to expect. you know there's no surprises the next day.sometimes i want to read 3 more pages and sometimes i don't want to. sometimes maybe i'd want to read a whole weeks worth of pages. maybe i would. but then would the schedule change because maybe that section was exciting and easy? what about people who don't find it that easy or didn't have the time that day?probably only a few people are going to do it. what you're saying is posing a problem for me. i know i have a problem with that kind of thing. you can call it pandering to me, but maybe i'm not the only one. maybe generally my problems with it are the problems with it.you can belittle all this. and you're going to and people are going to. they're going to say i'm making a huge deal out of nothing, except i'm not the one making the deal, you are. and i have to defend something that seemed obvious to me at the outset. something i now have to rack my brain to articulate all the ways that i've known it to be better from sheer experience alone.you're fighting this as much as i am. when one of us says they don't care or are bowing out, it's over. but it's not more on me than on you. and you can say it's more on you since the original idea is to do 10 a day. you're not some kind of genius to realize that you might leave off a page here or there. on my reading schedules i have plenty of dangling 1 pagers. i just take those as break days. and maybe i'd want to finish the last 3 pages or maybe i wouldn't. it depends. i don't always feel a duty to finish a chapter. why would you enslave yourself to that duty instead of the simple regularity of just 10 a day?if you feel exasperated that we've spent this long on it, don't take it out on me, because you could've said you didn't care just as soon as you wanted me to say it.
you know when you finish. you know what to expect. you know there's no surprises the next day.if the schedules all written out there won't be anywayi can't believe how mad you're getting about this
you know when you finish. you know what to expect. you know there's no surprises the next day.not a problem if the schedule is fully made before we startsometimes i want to read 3 more pages and sometimes i don't want to. sometimes maybe i'd want to read a whole weeks worth of pages. maybe i would. but then would the schedule change because maybe that section was exciting and easy? what about people who don't find it that easy or didn't have the time that day?if you don't have the time in your day to read 13 pages maybe this isn't for you/lit/ is a community of people who like reading and dont see it as a chore, i don't think that they want to read the bare minimum number of pages. I understand that people have schedules and other stuff to read and we can't be reading an hour or two hours worth of infinite jest per day, but if you're actually enjoying the story then you will probably want to finish the chapter anyway instead of leaving it awkwardly in the middle
i can't believe how mad you're getting about thiswell, to be honest, i am upset. i'm looking down the road and i already see the problems with your version. and i see no reason why you're insisting it has to be this way.but on the other hand i don't know why you're resisting me so much. maybe you're not upset but what does it matter when you're insisting as much as i am.the way i see the fundamental part of the idea is a regular schedule. yet immediately you believe you can engineer a better version of a regular schedule by precisely being irregular. you believe that there is something inherently bad about not reading to the end of the chapter +/- three pages for now. you think that if i felt like it i wouldn't read an extra three pages? it's not about what each person does, it's about the regularity of the schedule. it's that we keep going at the same pace overall so that this week we don't read 200 pages whereas last week we only read 100.i want you to change your mind and you're not doing it. that's why i'm writing so much. none of it's getting through, so who's the one who's really fighting?
and im not saying we have to finish every chapter the day we start it, if the chapter is 45 pages maybe we read 10, 10, 10, 15 or 10, 10, 11, 10, 14 or whatever makes the most sense based on where the paragraphs and chapter breaks are.the thing is that most people on /lit/ WILL read those extra 3 pages. This is a /lit/ reading group so why would we make a schedule that doesn't fit what most of /lit/ would do, there's no point making it 10 pages every single day just in case there's one person on /lit/ whos brain shuts down if they go one word past the 10th page.
that was my first post
yes
Please vote
/lit/ is a community of people who like reading and dont see it as a chore, i don't think that they want to read the bare minimum number of pages. I understand that people have schedules and other stuff to read and we can't be reading an hour or two hours worth of infinite jest per day, but if you're actually enjoying the story then you will probably want to finish the chapter anyway instead of leaving it awkwardly in the middleand i knew this was comingi knew it from the moment you opened your mouth about itthis moralistic judgement about the perceived culture of lit and how disgusting it is to read on a regular schedule. how real connoisseurs of literature don't need a schedule to read. they read at their leisure whatever they like whenever they want.well all i can say is then THIS isn't for you. why must you come into a project premised on a schedule and declare that the notion of a schedule is abhorrent and unliterary? everyone here who liked the idea liked it because of the idea of the schedule. they knew that a schedule is important for reading, because reading is something that takes place over a longer period of time than watching a movie or listening to an album. if you're too good for it then maybe THIS isn't for you.
yet again you project your own weird insecurities on to my postlook at the poll of the people who are in this thread and cared enough to vote want a schedule that is more flexible than 10 pages per dayits not about being a connoisseur or finding your preference abhorrent, its just that most of us don't want to do what you're proposing. you need to accept that.well all i can say is then THIS isn't for youor maybe its not for you, plenty of people seem to be comfortable with having our own schedule. our community is different from infinitesummer, we don't have to design our reading group to appeal to anyone, it just has to appeal to the general sentiment on /lit/ and to me it is clear that most of /lit/ would prefer a flexible schedule
Man, take it easy. We could make a schedule different from the site. But this schedule have to be made before this thing starts. See, if we can read 10 pages a day, maybe 13 is not very hard. But of course, there will be a schedule that predicts it. For example, one person can understand better if finish the chapter. Take it easy. I like the idea of 10 pages a day. Do you like the idea of making OUR own, schedule? It's 10 pages but can make 15 sometimes, no more than that. Think about it. We can make this thing to be more OUR than the site from 2009.
first of all, is it just 3 pages? or is it 5 or 10? or anything less than 10, so 9? then why not 10?how do we answer these questions? 5 will probably be settled on, but already that's 50% more. and then you will say "you can't read FIVE more pages?! are you FIVE years old?" but then why don't we read 50 pages a day, since that's more reasonable for an adult? why keep a schedule at all?and there's a difference between reading that and assigning it. if you read ahead 3 today, you only have 7 tomorrow. but those 7 might be harder than the last 20. and so what if you've only read 7 pages? would you feel ashamed to have only read 7 pages? maybe you find you are reading so fast you don't need us. then are we supposed to join your speed or would the speed stay the same? shouldn't we all feel ashamed to only read 7 pages a day? are we 7 years old?rather than answering all these question, i say don't. let people do whatever they want, but set the pace at 10 a day. my wager to you is that if we set it at 10 a day, in a month you will NOT have found that we are all 50 pages ahead of the schedule but rather that several of us are 10 or 20 pages BEHIND schedule. that's because i know the vicissitudes of life as well as you probably do even if you won't admit it. i know that you can sit down to read 10 pages and fall asleep on the first world. i know that you can read 10 pages and realize that you've read every other word. i know you can forget to read 10 pages at all because of all the other stuff that went on in your day that wasn't the all important /lit/ readalong.and i know that to catch up 10 pages is a lot easier than catching up 16 pages when you already feel like you're behind.so that's my prediction if we do it my infinitesummer way, though since all these great literary people with minds far more attuned to subtlety than i will definitely choose your way, we'll never have to put it to the test.
Also I'm brazilian, and I found IJ a little difficult, but I guess I'd understand better some parts if we read untill the chapter ends. But as I said, no more than 15 pages for day.
Official Schedule========================================================================================Each day I OP will roll 2 standard playing dice to determine the number of pages that will be read for the day, the highest then being 12 and the lowest being 2. This however, only sets the global maximum. Each reader flips a coin twice, for each tailside removes 1 page and each headside adds one page to their own count. Should this change push the reader's personal count into zero they must sit out the day. Once in discussion said readers may only interact with those whose numbers are equal to or less than their own count. Those sitting out of reading for the day are not officially banned from conversation, but having their count on the lowest possible number means they can only be spoken to but not respond to people of higher counts or speak to others sharing their counts and so people who have not read today and will only be able to recount pages of previous days. When one anon finishes the book, no matter where the other readers are, they will be given one day The Lightning Round to finish it themselves before the final discussion which will take place 24 hours after the first to finishes' post regarding their finish and will carry on for another 24 hours before the mods will be contacted to delete the thread for good and disallow any further conversation.This is the official schedule and it will not see any changes unless this post ends in repeating digits.
“Mario, what do you get when you cross an insomniac, an unwilling agnostic and a dyslexic?""I give.""You get someone who stays up all night torturing himself mentally over the question of whether or not there's a dog.” Found this quote on Goodreads, guess I'll be joining you guys
I think this is a good idea, 10 pages as a baseline and a maximum of 15
I don't work well with reading schedules. Either I'll read in furious spurts, or I won't at all. A schedule is just too much hassle.
yet again you project your own weird insecurities on to my posti waited to attribute anything to you until you said it yourself, but it was apparent to me from the get goand i'm not in the least bit insecure about reading on a schedule or reading sometimes being a chore. i use a schedule for anything even slightly difficult, but i'm determined to read a certain amount in a certain timeit's you who feel insecure about ONLY reading 10 pages a day. you who would be embarrassed to admit that you didn't read to the end of the chapter because you were too tired to. embarrassed because you couldn't read one more page -- you must be stupid right?and that's the source of all this. that why you couldn't leave well enough alone and have to make this as, to your highly developed literary sensibility, faithful to the spirit of the text as possible.only a pleb would let a crummy schedule spoil the beauty of the artist's intent in structuring the chapters. what kind of pleb would read on a schedule anyway? certainly not someone like yourself.i'm not the proud one here. i need this schedule to finish the book. why do you think i'm arguing for it?
kek'd
ok you're clearly a fucking idiot so i will restate what i am proposing and greentext all of the parts that you keep ignoringI am perfectly happy with reading 10 pages on most days.However I think that on some days when the next chapter isslightly lessor slightly more than 10 pages away we should raiseor lowerthe page count so that we can read break where the author intended there to be a break instead of potentially breaking 1 paragraph away from the end of a chapter or something equally ridiculous.I think we should write out the full schedule before we even start so that everyone is aware of what we are doing. I still want to read on a slow schedule, I just don't think that the majority of /lit/ would read only 10 pages if the next chapter is 12 pages away.
i'm definitely not the idiot here. you're closer, but really you're just naive.you've never done a reading schedule, so you don't get it.you think there's something i don't understand about the difficulties in creating a regular schedule, but i understand it all because i've actually followed dozens of schedules and had to deal with all that shit.and do you know what i found? the only way is to keep it regular. you can't make an exception every time it comes up in the schedule. the most important thing is the pace. if i want to keep reading, i will. if i want to stop early, i will. if i want to skip a whole page i will. but what is preserved is the pace. that's what keeps a schedule working. that's why i do it, and that's why you do it whether or not you know it.you're sitting there thinking about what it's going to be like thinking you know. but you don't know. we're talking a period of more than 3 months. i don't want to have to have to catch up 30 pages versus 20 pages when i have to eventually catch up. if i have to, i'll just give up and fall off the schedule. and i know because i've done it tons of times and it's discouraging.why do you think this exists? do you think there's a reading group for broom of the system that reads 10 pages a day? it's because of the nature of this book and how infamously difficult it is. when i first started reading it, there were sections that i read that were just lists of shit where my eyes glazed over and i skipped. i would like to have an excuse to stop and actually look at it because, hey, i only need to focus on 10 pages today. that's just one example of something i encountered that made this book "hard". and no i'm not insecure about admitting that. the whole point is this book deserves something like this.or maybe you're just too stupid to understand the difference between setting a consistent pace where you can read as much as you want versus actually scheduling varying lengths? this only gets compounded when the footnotes start getting going, which i've only scratched the surface of.
I think this is telling of how the daily discussions would work. We've written 25 pages of argument over how many pages to read of the book in a day.
whats the point of a schedule that very few people will actually follow?nobody is going to fucking stop reading when theres one more page before the end of the chapter, a schedule that is inflexible and doesn't take in to consideration the circumstances is a fucking stupid schedule.
some chapters are tinysome chapters are hugeit's not a schedule. it's a paceit's infinitely flexible, because you can finish the book in a day if you want. but at the same time WE don't have to. you can run ahead but the rest of us can keep pace.maybe you're a NEET or something but probably at least a couple times a week I come home and have literally ZERO desire to read anything let alone infinite jest. and even when I was a kid my interest would wax and wane on the daily. don't you fucking dare tell me that you're above all that.like i said, i doubt anyone will be ahead by a mile. all the little things add up over time. if you read ahead one day read 10-x pages the next day. what's so fucking hard about THIS?
it's not a schedule. it's a paceand keeping a baseline of 10 with small changes depending on chapter breaks will PRESERVE THE PACE you colossal retard, chances are it will still average out to 10 a day.you act like 10 pages is a big endeavor when the whole point is that its a small, easily readable amount. If I read 14 pages to finish the chapter I don't want to read only 6 pages the next day unless the next section of the book is genuinely 6 pages long, how do you think discussion of the book will work if most of the people reading are 4 pages ahead of your 10 pages per day because they finished the chapter? Surely you will be pissed off when they discuss something that happened in those 4 pages and spoil a part of the book for you. How does discussion work if we don't read to the end of the chapter where feasible? "Oh shit that was a really great last page of a chapter we read today and nine pages of the next chapter, can't wait to read the half a page left of this chapter tomorrow to find out what fucking happens!!".
you can finish the book in a day if you want.I doubt anyone could with something the length of Infinite Jest.
there are a million situations like thatyou are truly arrogant and narrow enough to believe that you are informing me of some possibility i have never before considered!all of that has to be independent of the pace. all of that is just WHY i want there to be a pace.if a chapter is 20 pages and something very important and engaging is happening on page 10, then it is your imperative as a reader to keep going, so you must keep reading! the schedule must be updated! it's only reasonable!and it is. if you're reading like that. but we're NOT reading like that. and this is truly not a failure to communicate but a failure to UNDERSTAND on your part, to get a brand new thought through your too-tightly fused skull: we're reading in a different way than you would read a book by yourself -- isn't that why we're all in this fucking thread for christ sakes.this is just the other side of the story you willfully miss. and i can't tell if you're doing it out of belief or out of ego at this point. and your only argument remains that this is that 10 extra pages is not a lot. and my response is that nothing is "a lot" but that the point of this was to coordinate the act of reading to a schedule, not to read as much as humanly possible.so i saved us both two posts there. are we going to keep going round and round?
I read Infinite Jest a few summers ago. Here's how the schedule went for me A month for the first 200 pages or so Put it down for a month because of boredom Pick it back up again and read a little bit more Finish the rest of the book in about two weeksI think it was around the time he was discussing the masks people were using for video phone calls that it really grabbed me.
the schedule must be updated!for the millionth fucking time i want to make a schedule BEFORE WE STARTplease try reading my posts before responding to themyou're accusing me of being close minded when we did a fucking poll and saw that most people prefer a schedule that takes in to account the chapter breaks - ignoring what the majority of people want and still pushing for your stupid shit makes YOU the one failing to understand the other side of the argument.
not to read as much as humanly possibleand yet again you are completely fucking ignoring that I am advocating for reading LESS THAN 10 PAGES ON DAYS WHERE THE NEXT CHAPTER IS LESS THAN 10 PAGES AWAYdo you have some kind of amnesia or do you literally struggle with reading what i am writing? try and keep up you sillybrained fuck
If we want to organize it by content instead of pages, you would need to do it not based on chapter but by subchapters. The problem is that these subchapters can vary greatly in length. Some are only a few pages and some are a lot. Someone would have to go through and decide how to break it down. By pages would be better imo.
i'm bowing out. for once, i'm not the most mad person in a discussion.maybe no one arguing but me has actually tried reading the book yet, but this guy gets italso the poll is worded improperly. 10 pages a day prevents nothing. all it does is set a pace.your arguments have consisted of 1 we're too sophisticated and literary to not finish a chapter 2 i you ought to read extra when there is extra to read 2 ii we're asking for a small amount of pages that somehow don't add up over time and 3 i can predict everything that's going to happen in this book and make sure we average 10 pagesto conclude i ask you to think about it this waywhat if we found this:wow interesting all the chapters are multiples of 10 pages. how convenient that he made it that way!this is the double coincidence you're praying for and that should show you the flaw of your view.anyways i'm done. whatever will be, will be. some people can only learn the hard way
It's better to read IJ at your own pace. It might be difficult at the beginning, but towards the end you'll be reading a lot of pages every day.
I don't know if this has been posted already, but here's a list of the book's chapters and scenes. Chapters vary greatly in length. However, scenes are short enough to break apart to have a relatively consistent amount to read per day. For example, Day 1: scenes 1, 2, and 3. Day 2: scenes 4, 5, and 6. This doesn't imply 3 scenes a day is the pace we want. Some scenes are 20 pages. Someone would have to go through and decide.Here's the link
Of course im mad, you haven't addressed 2 important points even when I fucking greentexted them for you to highlight them, you've consistently ignored half my argument and exaggerated the other half, saying that I want everyone to read 50 pages per day. You're a dickhead who can't accept that he is talking complete shit.
Even in this post you claim that I want us to read extra when there is extra while completely ignoring that I also want us to read less when there is less. Perhaps you are ignoring these parts or my position because they make your position seem ridiculous in comparison? The only decent argument against letting content dictate the breaks somewhat is that its hard to make the schedule but there are people in this thread who are willing to do that
well a concluding fuck you to you tooyada yada you're a clueless piece of shit who hasn't even cracked the book
OP here -- thanks a bunch, this is extremely helpful.Guys, please stop arguing about a schedule that has not been decided upon yet, and also realize that it will be flexible.
your readalong is going to fall apart to just one person, yourself, so i suppose i'll get a little satisfaction out of that, but not really because in the end we all lost out
Still no rebuttal to that half of my position because you literally have none and are just butthurt that you might have to read 3 extra pages some days to keep up
holy fuck you're a shitheadjust to spite you ill make sure to stick along with OPfuck you dude. you haven't even read IJ and if more than 10 pages a day is too much you hardly even belong here
i hope you get some satisfaction out of that while it laststhough probably not as much as i will when i slowly but surely finish IJ in 3 months while you've already given up because this reading group fell apart and you found other things to doin the end, i'm just really sad about all this. no matter what small good you try to do, an arrogant asshole will come along and destroy it for the sake of his own tiny ego.
Would say I'm amazed at the butthurt over the 10 pages a day thing but this is /lit/. Won't be joining ya'll as I just recently finished it for the first time, wish I woulda done infinite summer, IJ is definitely a book I wish I could have discussed with people while reading. Posting pic that you should save, will help you understand the location better.
he hasn't already read Infinite JestStop trying to father this project when you don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about.
USA, Canada and Mexico have fusedbut that's wrong
Yea, I would ignore that whole preamble thing. The map just kinda helps you picture the layout of Boston and ETA/Ennet's relation to it.
original você quer dizer em inglês or traduzindo?se tiver traduzido, por favor, upload é um bom site que não precisa de cadastro
I mean, I didn't miss something right? All the politics with Canada/US are specifically them trying to fuck eachother over by putting the nuclear waste and shit in eachother's hands. Pretty sure they aren't working together. Also isn't there some war going on with Mexico? Or is that a different book? It's been a while ...The great Concave/Convex is awesome
Man, can you make a schedule?
Also I found it fun myself to look up maps of Boston and figure shit out as I wentand the relation of ETA and Ennett was described in pretty great detail if I recall correctlysomething about the junkies hiking up the wooded hill past ETA or whatever'tfw you will never go to ETA
I'm making it right now. Come join me.
The table is a little confusing as is. You may already be intending to do this, but a suggestion would be have "DAY" as the primary value determining no. of Rows and put "SCENE" numbers as secondary values that fill the columns. I apologize if this seems annoying/overly critical as you've just started working on it.
No, Canada, the US, and Mexico have been joined together in an almost EU kinda deal known as the Organization of North American Nations ONAN. It's generally understood that Canada got the shortest, shittiest end of the stick from the deal due to the convexity/concavity and territorial redistribution, hence all the nationalists and terrorist cells.
Fair enough, I really have no idea how to change that though. Can you suggest an edit in Google itself if possible? Or I can just give you privileges.
I might get in on this, when are you starting?don't feel like reading 200 posts right now, about to go to bed
June 14th
Set it to public I'll whip up a working chart and paste it.
It should be public now.
981 pages minus footnotes, starting on page 3.978 / 10 is ~98, so 98 days minimum. Make 98 rows and fill the columns with their respective scenes chapters page nos. I'm actually not sure how to do this on google docs but there should be a pretty simple 'input data' feature for the Rows/Columns and Day numberings. Pages grouped by 10's at default and they can be easily changed to better fit scene ends from there
Sorry, 98 days MAXIMUM
Okay, it should be fine in just a second. I put it in a spreadsheet which made it very simple to play around with.
i agree. i've been meaning to read the book and i want to have discussions about what i've read, but a strict 10 page limit won't work for me
read it alongside your usual readsthe 10 pages makes it inconsequential like that
 Not setting a strict word limit and sticking to it Not stopping your readings in the middle of sent
not just telling people to read the book and then making a thread about it
i read tolstoy in elementary school
OP herePlease look over the first draft of the reading schedule:also have a tripcode which I'll only use for logistical stuff from now on.
keep each day to 1 row, the schedule shouldn't be harder to read than the book is
also we do not need the year in this chart. the timeline is convoluted for a purpose and you should allow for someone to decide whether they want to use a guide for that or not
i don't think it's hard to read but agree that the day should be left to a single rowalsojust for my personal interestis anyone else going to print the scheduler?
At this point the pacing is the most important part.
the pace is pretty good, i think. people can read a bit more on some day and less on others should they please. more of a guideline than a rule
That's a good list. The way it's formatted now is better for the deciding phase. But when it's finalized I think it can be compressed down to one day per line so it's nice for readers. Having just 3 - 17 for day 1, for example.
I seen a few super short reading days that I think we should try to get rid of. Here's my suggestions for days we should combine:12 and 1314 and 1548 and 4954 and 5573 and 7476 and 77I don't know how to edit the document. But hopefully this'll do.
I will print the schedule
Good catches, thanks.
tfw all the people who pretend they've read IJ will actually read it nowtfw IJ & DFW memeing will steadily increase, reaching critical mass by the end of the summertfw the board is overrun with DFW avatar pics from that one interview, people using IJ's slang, and trolls saying Infinite Jest isn't a good booktfw every thread is about DFWtfw /lit/ is officially renamed /dfw/tfw the collective power of /dfw/'s autism brings DFW back from the deadtfw he finished The Pale Kingtfw it receives universal critical acclaim and is widely regarded as the greatest piece of literature ever writtentfw even Harold Bloom recants his previous opinion of DFW and adds him to the Western Canontfw New Sincerity sweeps the nationtfw everyone rejects irony and postmodernismtfw everyone who uses drugs or alcohol joins AA and gets cleantfw St. Dave brings about world peacetfw DFW begins working on the highly anticipated followup to The Pale Kingtfw he kill hisself againtfw the world is plunged into darkness at the loss of our guiding benefactortfw World War III breaks outtfw nukes are launchedtfw humanity annihilates itselfTh-thanks /lit/...
And then during autumn we'll read Ulysses.

belch
Is it alright to jump straight into IJ, or is it better to start with some of his other work?
start with the greeks
greek with the starts
Read some of his nonfic or short stories just to see if you like him. IJ is not that difficult to read other than how fucking long it is.
Is that a book by DFW?
I'm definitely in on this.I have the hardcover copy of IJ and I think it would be for the best if we keep a minimum pace of 10 pages per day, but sometimes crank it up to, sat, 15 pages so as to not break the continuity of the chapters.Should we make a skype group for small chit-chat and daily threads for more serious discussion? A closed skype group would eliminate the problem of shitposters and memers.Also, as a non-native English speaker, I strongly urge all my fellows to check out the IJ-wiki; they've annotated the book - page by page so you get the most out of the book.I sure hope this works better than the previous /lit/ bookclub, it was... should I say - subpar to my expectations?
When do we start?
From what I've gathered: on the 14th or the 21st. I'm not sure whether or not a fixed date has been established.

lol dude smoke weed everyday lmao
either the 14 or the first day of summerFuck off, where did the 14th even come from?
Why are you summing they identify as white and male after death?
Im already almost 300 pages in. not sure if I wanna restart or just casually go through while everyone catches up
The site recced you brush up on your Hamlet before you read it. Is this true?
the title of the book is from Hamlet, so yeah, probably
Even le cuck is behind this
If you haven't read fucking Hamlet ....
So how will this be discussed? in a weekly thread on here? in some IRC?Isn't IJ like 1000+ pages? 10 pages a day would take forever to get through.
fuck off
The revised schedule is no longer ten pages a day. 
Except for when it is. But it's good. Our read will take 69 days as of this schedule, with the original schedule taking nearly 100.
I like the idea of a Skype group but I honestly don't feel like putting myself on a screen in front of all of you is going to be a positive thing.
Fuck, I misread, sorry
no skype
Could we use some sort of anonymous IRC?
This could work. I found a guide here on how to set it up.
Well alright I guess I'm in.
we should do this consistently tbh. after this do another book perhaps mason and dixon or something similar? and read them all 10 pages at a time with discussion threads. it'll be a fun way to keep a sort of book club going without too much hassle if you miss a day and books that can be read alongside your current reads
Let's just focus on trying to one to start with. This has certainly been tried and has failed before.
why don't we just take it easy for the casual readers? say we read a word per day instead. then it will only take one and a half thousand years to finish the book
top kek
we should do this consistently tbhWe could also try to read a shorter book concurrently.
The only problem with a live-chat service would be the problem with time difference for different people, hence why a board/forum would be better suited.
whats wrong with using /lit/, its a lot better than an irc since you can talk to people who aren't in similar timezones to you
damn...
2spooky, we both posted pretty much the exact same thing at the exact same time....
fuck
im leaving this thread its getting too weird
I already started it and I'm 60 pages in. Not sure if I should press on or wait for the start date. So far, the book is the most unbearable thing I've read.
And but so when do we start?
June 14th
The only problem with doing the discussion here is inordinate number of memeposters who will inevitably shit up the threads.
We could create a subreddit!
OP hereI'm getting stuff together for the next thread since this thread is bloated and coming to an end anyways.If you have any questions please let me know because I would like to get an FAQ together.We have a Tumblr   which will have all relevant information, reading reminders, and whatever else people want from it.As for discussions, I don't think it makes sense to discuss 10 - 20 new pages every day, which leads me to thinking weekend discussions here on /lit/ are the best idea. Leaving Saturday/Sunday for discussions would also give people who may have fallen behind throughout the week some time to catch up.We could also use an IRC room for people who want to stop by and chat throughout the week, though it would probably be best to try and set specific times of the day for that as well rather than just have a bunch of idle users and only one or two people talking.
You need to read for at least 80 minutes a day or you won't make it
Physical or digital is the preferred format?I looked at the physical book and the end notes don't seem too crazy. I thought it was going to be like House of Leaves with its shenanigans.
PUT THE FUCKING DAYS INTO 1 ROW EACH, YO
I'm excited for all this you guys
Chill
Me too, I really can't wait.Reading is so much more fun when you can talk about it.
heres a radical idea - seeing as its a /lit/ project?simply have a running thread ON FUCKING /lit/ to discuss the book. When the thread gets to bump limit? - start another one.Thus, shall be the /lit/ project, contained to one familiar place, where everybody knows the score, and can contribute or not at any time, and, its anon, which is probably agreed as a good thing, seeing as how we all here in the first place, etc.I dunno, Skype, and IRC, and Wikis and Tumblrs and oh look, a squirrel. You all frigging mad, no wonder, nothing gets done - howsabout /lit/, and, good is?
summer is looking boring see this threadmfw this summer will be an infinite jest™
I'm really hoping to see some rare wallaces in these threads tbh
I think just having a running thread on lit is best. And being able to discuss it whenever we fell like is better than trying to schedule it. Plus, i prefer discussing everyday. And we don't need to just focus on the day's pages but everything up till then too. Doing on lit is just the most flexible.
Wow, solid input champ. Nobody thought of that, I guess.That's exactly what we're doing .. the only offsite stuff is the schedule and stuff.
I'm not using tumblr
The Tumblr is only a reference for the guide.
mfw Americans need a schedule to instruct them to read a novel
You're missing the point. It's so we can discuss the novel during the read, like a book club.
He doesnt care let hin post his epic reddit memes
Of course, nothing says 'well-read' like conducting a book club.
KEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEBINKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEK
how do you even know the nationalities of people posting in this thread you fool?Oh wait, you don't.t Candian master race
I have never seen this book in storehow 2 cop?
1. Hav a cheeky nandos2. Leave feelin real cheeky and walk 2 ur nearest library3. Ask about le super secret meme club4. Librarian will refer u 2 the nearest book shop5. Present the store clerk with an OC meme6. If they like it, they'll supply you with a rare fresh copy of the Infinite Jest and you'll forever be in a state of uncontrolled bliss/euphoria
Is it okay to use an extremely personal event of a friend as a plot? Not sure if it's kosher to dramatize and appropriate a serious crisis in someone's life. Asking him for permission isn't an option, he's not alive anymore.
kosherexploiting those near to you for personal benefitjew
Have fun not writing about anything which relates to people.
you can , but is it good literature. All those novel of ''I suvived cancer'', ''i had an incredible accident'', ''my diary from my life in X country'' are not literature
The more you sublimate this affair into a more universally relatable narrative, the better. Also, bear in mind that you might offend people who also knew him. But in itself, there's nothing wrong with it.
I don't see how it's exploitation if I'm not harming him.I think it's actually a fairly relatable and inspiring topic.It's not a lame medical drama or anything, but I can see why you jumped to that conclusion. And I agree completely. Doesn't apply to this though.
So only good literature is literature? Does that mean there's no bad literature?
It's not a lame medical drama or anything, but I can see why you jumped to that conclusion. And I agree completely. Doesn't apply to this though.tell us bit then
Why? Also, no.
It really depends on the context and what you are writing about. You can probably manage it in a sensitive way that gives enough distance for it not the be in bad taste. What are you thinking about OP? How unique can he have been?
Extremely unique. I don't know anyone who has had nearly the same experiences as him. I think there's a lot to be taken away from it, and he was pretty open about sharing his life, so I'm not entirely opposed to framing parts of his life for everyone to read.
Just do it, you'll know if it's tasteful or not if you aren't autistic. What happened, roughly?
Why won't you even give us a hint? Must be real juicy stuff.
Did his dad touch his butt when he was a kid?
Yes, because aesthetics are above ethics.
Don't want to go into too much detail, but he had a crazy, fucked up life and every opportunity for some kind of stability kept getting sabotaged by himself or people he trusted. At one point, he had a completely surefire chance; he got a job and apartment and for once his life wasn't hinged on the mood of his capricious friends. Then something horrible happened to somebody that wasn't him, and he had to make the decision of whether or not to sacrifice his chance in order to help them through it.Waaaayyyy worse.
Ok, you're just trying to get us to feedback on your fictional screenplay.That's wank.
I didn't ask for feedback?? You guys asked, so I revealed a little bit. Alsoscreenplay
then do not come here
I just didn't understand why I had to prove it when my question wasn't dependent on whether or not it has literary value. I made the thread looking for an answer to my question, not to see whether or not it's worth writing.
how the fuck do you figure that?
Reading this sounds like fairly common ground. Just write the shit but LOOSELY base it off your friend. I mean, if their is something really fucked and niche about the thing that happened, then I guess either write that in full detail at your own risk, if you think its worth it, or just take what happened and work something different around it.
Incredibly common and you don't sound like a good writer. Would have no literary value but perhaps enough housewives would pick it up for you to make a profit.
ctrl f "Werther"0 resultsctrl f "Maus"0 resultsGood fucking job, plebs.Yes, I'd say you can. The two abovementioned works are great ok, imo, Wether is crap but whatever and would not exist if the writers had the dilemma.I'd be flattered if someone wanted to write a book about my life, tbh. I wouldn't say it's exploitation.Now turn off the computer and write.
Of course, a lot of people have the same underlying problems that he did, but it's the specific circumstances which I haven't mentioned, and won't that make it unique, and, I think, worth writing about. I think I have the taste to select which parts to change and not just skew the facts and misrepresent him for the sake of drama.
Just write the book and dedicate it to him.
Objective morality does not exist, subjective morality is meaningless. So are aesthetics but at least they're more pleasing than the banal insincere mess of ethics.
Thanks for the input; I really don't think he'd be horribly upset over someone writing about his life either, I just wasn't sure if it was a big no no in general.
forget i asked
Why do moral relativists/egoists use literally every opportunity, no matter how unrelated, to spout their ideology?
Just do what you will, what's the point of this thread? The dead won't mind. Are you worried about your social standing? Weak.Amusingly unfortunate circumstances don't have much value other than being a sob story for housewives, and again they're more common than you'd think. If his character was noteworthy regardless of circumstance it might be of more value. Either way if you want to write it, write it - it's not that hard to make your own decisions.
I just wasn't sure if it was a big no no in general.As you can see, it isn't.
Just do what you will, what's the point of this thread? The dead won't mind. Are you worried about your social standing? Weak.The point of this thread was to see what people think of appropriating events in other people's lives for a story, as long as it's done "right" whatever that may mean, and after seeing different arguments, making up my mind. I don't care about my social standing, and I'm not sure how this would even affect it.Also... it looks like your post is entirely made up of re-ordered sentences that people already said, I don't know why I'm replying.
Are you religious? Religion is the only rational system for moral absolutism, it is not about egoism or relativism it simply does not exist. Reality, in the absence of God, does not contain any prescriptive facts. There is no basis for obscure judgements in matter, only observations.You asked and smug ignorance offends my senses.
holy fuckam i being rused right now
do what you willthelema? In my /lit/?
to see what people thinkneed to check if people approve before taking actiondon't care about social standingThe lack of self-awareness is painful.
See what people think so that I could observe and try to understand other viewpoints that I might not be aware of. You know, instead of just making a decision without even attempting to understand if there are good reasons not to that I'm not aware of. I don't give a fuck about whether or not people lose respect for me in whatever decision I make.
Agreed. he obvi doesn't understand the mechanics of social status.
Your life is a ruse, you appear to be too stupid to comprehend the most basic of metaphysics. Morality requires an absolute standard - similar to metrics, nothing can be measured without a standard. If it can't be measured all values assigned will be arbitrary. There is no standard unless you're religious. If you have a scientific world view and believe in objective morality, you're indisputably stupid. It's not even a matter of opinion, there is no way you can arrive at a different conclusion using logic.
Why do you instantly suppose I'm asking because I care about my social status? You guys sure love to make assumptions.That's not a rhetorical question by the way, I actually want to know.
last time i got in an argument about moral relativity on /lit/ and won it took like 4 hours because you fucks are the most stubborn people on the planet and i'm about to go to work, so just believe whatever you want i guess, i don't have the time to school you right now. have a nice day :^
your ageyour jobyour /lit/-related ambitions
22fighter, self employedI'd like to write a kids book where cartoon elephants hold trunks to get across a river and then they fuck and stuff
Did you think your humorous was funny before posting?
No my humorous bone is actually severely displaced, nothing funny about it. Don't see how that's relevant though.
35i'm a copno
19Student, occasional tutorBecome a meaningful writer, tenured professor in EnglishAm I goofing?
I'm 25. I'm The Boss' Son. My ambition is to die believing my writing is good enough not to just throw in the garbage despite my wishes to the contrary.
implying 90% of /lit/ is unemployed NEET18college studentmemorize at least 1,000 poems. and enter the western canon before I'm 20
32Baggage handlermaybe write a book about being a baggage handler
Pretty lofty goals there anon, shooting a little high there don't you think?
Well, I always heard you're supposed to write about what you know.
22NEETto get 
34Poet + NovelistShort-term ambitions are to do well in my first year teaching at a new college
23n/ai wanna read some dank memes
28unemployed by choice to work on my writingAlways try to improve my writing art
25Subwaywrite in haze of anger and sandwich ennui everyday after work and assemble into novel
For some reason this seems ripe for cheap metaphors about dealing with personal baggage while handling baggage for a job. The thought amuses me.
23neetread a lotDas eet.Your goal is to read a single Western cannon novel within the next two years? Why do you want to memorize poems? That seems like a rather plebian social stature thing to do.
Are you trolling?

English is not my first language. You can relax.I was trying to explain that I feel that writing is art but did so poorly.
I don't think that's healthy.
No you're English is fine just unsure whether you're actually unemployed because you're trying to write
read a single Western Cannon Novelsnort, I'm frying my eyes getting through it all.No, I'm talking about entering it. As in, a decade from now, my name in some future edition of Bloom's Western Canon.I wanna memorize poems just because I enjoy having my head filled with them. I'm too awkward a speaker to recite them to plebs for social stature.
I got sacked a year ago and decided I was tired of being a lawyer. I always knew someday I would stop being a lawyer and I was miserable and decided it was the time to take the plunge. So yeah, I'm sending CVs to some part-time jobs last one was at a nespresso store. I have money to pay the rent and live for another eight to nine months and a girlfriend who's a judge, makes great money, and believes in my success. You know, a disaster waiting to happen.
Are you Brazilian by any chance?
Portuguese. Why?
19student, might have a bar job soon thoughto write a novel that one person enjoys, if I manage that I'm happy, then I will ascend.
24Biomedical ScientistWrite a novel one day
There's a Brazilian lawyer on here in a similar position to you though he's still in his job afaik
Best of luck to him then, I guess.
What are you writing about? Is your gf a qt?
23I just started teaching English in Thailand. I wish for my novels to serve as the spark that will reawaken the concept of greatness in man.
You getting any attention from the women down there?
27NEETNEETing
It's a story set in 2029 Portugal. There's drugs, videogames, and a superhero that may or may be not real. Drugs are legalized so Portugal becomes a tourist boom and a new economy is created. Problem: all the unemployed young adults end up working in the industry and turn to stupid stoners.This is the setup. The rest is kind of convoluted. I'll tweak it as I go.I know it seems like nothing.
28teacherread Arno Schmidts "Zettels Traum"
Yes, I am one of four foreigners in the town so there's plenty of attention. It's hard to identify the extent to which lust is involved in the attention but I have only been here a week so maybe I will eventually learn.
26finishing studies, want to go into businesswrite books, would preferably start with short stories though
22yoFinal year of medical school, will specialise in psychiatry in the futurePublish fiction kmown for its incisive insight into the human condition
20Housekeeping at a luxury hotelWrite a novel or two and then move to South America to start a farm
18 ascetic ascension
Daily reminder that teaching English in developing countries is a form of neo-colonialism.
turn to stupid stonersSounds moralistic and naive
It won't be.
daily reminder that there was nothing wrong with colonialism and that it has a civilizing effect
19School drop out, currently into IT. Giving a thought on becoming a freelance programmer.To read a lot, develop my interest into philosophy, as well as many other disciplines. Whatever ambitious it is, I don't care; it's a life-long journey. And ultimately free my self and attain some sort of liberation before I die.
21just some deskjob, studying german literature and philosophyrewriting western mythologies into a failure state, with the main theme of trying but failing to gain/keep meaning and value.
26undergraduateget published at some point
a civilizing effectI'm a fellow English teacher. I'm right next door to you in Cambo, though I go to Thailand a lot. Civilizing is, err, perhaps not the right word. You can stretch the definition a long way, but it can't quite cover the wife-beater wearing retirees buying ladydrinks for girls young enough to be their granddaughters, or the dreadlocked backpackers smoking yabba in a hostel for six days straight.When Britain occupied wearing pith helmets, waxed mustaches, and sat around sipping tea while calling the locals "ghastly" and "beastly" creatures, then there might have been a civilizing effect. They may look primitive to you at the moment, riding 6 to a moto and other strange cultural differences, but after a while; after you have sat and observed these tall white misfits in elephant pants lumbering through crowds of short brown people, and witnessed the swinishness they unleash at night, you'll come to realize that it is the white man who is the savage. Saying that, the bargirls and drugs are impossible to resist. But you can be the exception that maintains an air of class while indulging.
your age24your job and studentData Analytics monkey wage slave literally living in a van, the modern version of a barrel/jar. Dat philosopher's lifestyle.your /lit/-related ambitionsPublish a quarterly on Philosophy, Anthropology, Economics, Politics and Sociology with focus on past declined and/or perished cultures.Become research fellow at a university.
22work in bottle shopread more books
Yes, we all have read Heart of Darkness, thank you.
More pics of van please
It's not even mine. I own neither a mobile not a camera. Imagine a sprinter van with a rack and bookshelf made of wood, some isolation and comfy pillows everywhere. It's my moving library and bed. Gym membership for showering and physical exercise, café for internet and studying, university library for studying and internet as well. Move places every 2 days to not raise suspicions.Life's good. Would be better if I wasn't such an overall failure, though.Van has rust problems. Mercedes is really greedy with the coating. I hope I get the money together for a nice little home before the vehicle rusts right through.Pic not mine again.
39Gas KunAccomplished/Recognized science fiction writer
Have you read "Das Versprechen" by Dürrenmatt?This image always makes me think of that.
Let it be known that from here on, you are now known as Van-Kun :3
No but I'll look them up. That's a pic just taken by the way. Always new pic, similar framing
your age18your jobstudentyour /lit/-related ambitionsto write a massive 3 book long each book being 1500 pages series about Rome from the early kingdoms to the fall of Constantinople
Why are the Portugese so feely? It's like a nation of Pessoas.
underrated post
my sides anon, thank you for that chuckle
18NEET / Will be a student in 2 months thoughI might write a memoir once I become a great artisté
.do you really think that
Yes, we all have read Heart of Darkness, thank you.The largest nightclub in Cambodia is actually called 'Heart of Darkness'; the second largest called 'Pontoon'.Either way, I don't recall Conrad discussing the vibrant prostitution and drug scene in SE Asia and the expats who indulge in it. It's been a very long time since I read HoD, but I thought it was actually set in Africa perhaps the congo river? and changed to Vietnam/Cambodia for Apocalypse Now as they merged it with the book Dispatches by Michael Herr.A more fitting book for your dismissal -- presuming you were ignoring most of the post of focusing on the 'colonialism, pith helmets and waxed mustaches' -- would be Burmese Days.
Is pic related accurate?
No they're fucking not you simply don't get thrown in jail for having drugs.Almost all our literature is about that feel, it's sort of ingrained.
We in Portugal say this is the country of poets. Not writers, poets. We had some great poets of course - biggest two being Luís de Camões and Fernando Pessoa - but people tend to write more poetry than prose. Which is interesting, because we read poetry as much as any other country, but have a lot more poets than what would be expected.Why are we so feely? Multitude of factors. Because we're at a twilight of our country where we know we used to be one the great powers of the civilized world and aren't anymore. because we're iberians - the weather's hotter so we tend to be less rational than finns and swedes, for example.In lisbon, there's also this sunlight that scatters in the tagus river and makes everything seem unreal, sometimes, a labyrinth of light. I'm not "writing", I'm really trying to explain it.What you said is true but there's no complete explanation, of course. Just keep in mind: one of our favourite words that has no literall translation is about the feling you get when things you long for - people, places, things, memories, other feels - are there no more.
something not being criminalized does not make it legalized. try to interpretate fellow ptbro.
26butcher read books
is pynchon a character in this? given that pynchon was a friend and the characters are based on farina and friends...
Certainly possible. I doubt he's quite Gnossos Pappadopoulis, but the novel has tons of autobiography in it and Pynchon was enough of a friend to be his best man when Farina married Joan Baez's teen sister.
The edition I read had a prologue by Pynchon where he depicted himself as a loser trying mostly to leech Farina's chicks in college, but that might have been retroactive self-deprecation to ennoble his dead buddy. He mentions having given Farina notes on a draft of the book which Farina 'thankfully ignored'.
you will never write a good book
I just finished Brave New World.What now, /lit/?
lolita is the only good book on that list
brave new world is decent and Dorian is JoJo tier
Read anything besides American Psycho. It's ham fisted and only seems deep if you don't read books.
as far as prose goes maybe, but nabokov can't conjure up anything more than platitudes and mumbo-jumbo bullshit“I am thinking of aurochs and angels, the secret of durable pigments, prophetic sonnets, the refuge of art. And this is the only immortality you and I may share, my Lolita.”I shudder at anyone that thinks this is good writing.
undergraduate?
It's not deep, but it's well written and does have some decent themes.You're some tryhard if you pass it up because it's too pleb.
What is "The Great Gatsby"?
If you enjoyed the book and its themes, I'd recommend A Clockwork Orange or Do Androids Dream of Robot Sheep? Neither are as good, in my opinion, but they are still both very decent books. Personally, I'd recommend The Picture of Dorian Grey, Invisible Man, Lolita, or To Kill a Cucking Bird.inb4 I recommend the entire selection list
And what of Of Mice and Men? Any good? I happen to have it on hand f
If you actually want to read something entertaining, read Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. It's amazing.
I think it's alright. If you want a quick, painless read it's not the worst you can do. I much prefer Grapes of Wrath by Steinbeck and I much prefer The Jungle by Upton Sinclair to that, but I think it's a pretty decent book.
*electric sheep
Of Mice and Men is good.
east of eden is steinbeck's best novel. the jungle barely passes as literature, IMO.
Dude Catch-22 is like reading pure protean ubiquity.
Now you go outside and turn on the faucet. Let your hair wash over your imagination like your mother's dog. Allow yourself to absorb the incredulity of the never-ending number.
I am enjoying Catch-22 so far.
I am just exiting entry level and the best work on ops pic is catch 22 followed by invisible manI found one flew over the cuckoos nest to be rather boring however it greatly increased my hatred and contempt of women
fear and loathing or PKD it iscounterculture at its best
Whatever strikes your fancy. You'll get something out of all of them.
east of eden is steinbeck's best novelYou spelled "Cannery Row" wrong.
That's the crappy starter kit
I just finished Dune and now I really wanna know what the fuck is gunna happen next but I heard the rest of the series is garbage. Are they worth a read at all?
You already love shit if you've enjoyed the first one, so the nexts will be a breezeHave fun you escapist weakling
Oh
leto II becomes sandwormthats all u need to know
kill yourself
what
They're good, just stop at God Emperor.
Alright.
it's true
I read Dune Messiah and liked it.Rest are shit
I just finished DuneWhy did you do this? That's 412 pages down the drain, which you could have spent on something decent.
Just stay away from the ones written by his son, you'll be fine. God Emperor of Dune is one of my favourites personally.
How'd you like the part about the midgets?
Well done? crass? Too 'Charlie and the chocolate factory? I mean, since you liked it and all.
, 
Just finished reading pic-related, and really enjoyed it. Curious to hear what /lit/ thinks of Campbell though, since I never see him mentioned here.
another white male thinking that his "insight" into native cultures is valuable
1/10
Thinks Campbell is Frazer
I love him. Like, intensely. I read Power of Myth in my early years of college before dropping out and it honestly changed my life. I take huge inspiration from both him and Lewis Mumford, and have been incorporating both their philosophical outlooks into my first novel.All that said, I picked up Hero With A Thousand Faces months ago but I haven't gotten to it yet. How much better is it than Power of Myth and how hard am I missing out by not having read it?
Its okay, not much to talk about. Some of the shit is too general. but he is right we seem to like a type of journey. It does not get discussed much here because its the kind of thing thats interesting to read on your own, but nobody really adds anything.
, 
I am seeking fantasy novels with conservative and/or Christian themes.Any help?
Chronicles of Narnia
Roger that, anything else?
The Lord of the Rings
Come on, somebody get it over with.
The Bible
fantasy novelsgo back to r/books
Roger. Anything that I haven't read/heard of? But thanks for the suggestions.
The Communist Manifesto
Just know that you're going to hell
w-why?
someone post the /lit/ version
Because you are an escapist trash human being that denies the teachings of the Christ
I like how all the other assholes pulled the bridges out after themselves. Some Christians.
ender's game
willingly misinterpretating visual metaphorsGood life
that comicGod is all powerful, all knowing, all seeing, omnipotent, and perfectbut he fucks up now and again
God, this was hilarious. Do you have any more?
He doesn't fuck up, it's his plan.Jesus is trying to protect you in spite of this.Read the Bible you heretic piece of shit
The comic says:I'm sorry. Did I miss one?What is should say:Yeah, I let that one hit you, idiot. Worship me harder.
The character depicted here isn't God but Jesus
Book of the New Sun
A Confederacy of Dunces
I've been trying to find one that was mentioned in one of Peter Hitchen's articles... It took place in Palestine in the 19th Century I believe, and it took the form of a treasure hunt...Does anyone know what book I'm referring to?
fantasy novelsget lost pleb

I'm a Christian and this comic is super fucking dumb.
Can't you just read a book without having your ideological hand held?
That's an easy one OP:The Bible
not asking the Lord to increase your strength so you can carry an enormous crossstay pleb, dude in comic

la reverse meme meme
das green words

Bibleman:

They are all basically "conservative" The more old fashioned cliched kinds I meanThey pine for an age long ago, save damsels who will be taken in marriage once saved, warriors who serve kings, mountains of gold coins. etc. The genre derives from mythology of course. Check those out too. The anon who said the bible is spot on.And please stop posting that comic.
I didn't realize there was a Korean restaurant in Nazareth...
wow, thanks, granddad
God can do everythingGod doesn't permit bad things to happenPick one.
God being all-powerful / all-loving doesn't contradict evil existing.
...he died expecting nothing in returnOn the contrary.
kek
Actually it does. Either he has the power to deflect all the rocks or the power to stop the person throwing the rocks, but he does neither, despite being all powerful. This is elementary stuff.
You have failed two times now to understand simple things.God doesn't want to stop evil. Evil isn't contingent to the world.
Source for the comics?
if God doesn't want to stop evil, then why bother praying to Him for protection at all?
Free will, sin stained world, etc. etc. I don't have the energy to raise up an interesting discussion on this right now but there's way more going on than that simple argument you just threw out, open your mind a little
God permits evil because he imbued us with free will so we can choose to be good now worship God with that free will or burn in hell forever what a fucking joke.
now worship God with that free will or burn in hell foreverLight cannot be allied with darkness, what truce can evil make with good etc. etc.
Did you say darkness?
Worship me or burn in hellDied and never exposed to christwut
Light cannot be allied with darknessThe fuck are you talking about? The two are codependent.
You seem to have a very weird comprehension of the concept of God and Christianity.I suggest your read the Bible, because you are spouting nonsense despite my good-willed explanations.
projecting your petty morality onto an absolute, transcendental being
Praying is self-help. It's a therapy of the mind through wich you get closer to God.They are suggestions to God, even in Islam and Judaism, or requests.There is a vast set of guidelines that are of use when it comes to praying in christianity. Have you ever been to a mass ?It isn't anything like the movies.
nahread the Bibleweird comprehensionI was throwing out snippets of Bible verses nig. Be careful about what insults you throw in a conversation, they might get turned back on you.Also, those bits of verses directly answer your question, if you pay attention you can figure it out but I'm not going to spoonfeed you because if you're aren't engaging with me now, then you're just like all the other angry atheists who don't want an insightful discussion, you just want to be rightprove me wrong and actually sincerely engage me as someone you would at least allow the possibility of learning something from and I'll oblige you tho, that's all I ask for and all I try to return in a debate
my interpretation of an absolute, transcendental being is better than your interpretation of an absolute, transcendental because I have faith that my absolute, transcendental being has my back, even though I have no evidence proving it.
You have never quoted the Bible here.debate me I dare youI am not here to fulfill your petty needs for attention. If you want to acquire a deeper understanding of theology, read theology and the Bible. It is not my duty to get baited into an empty rhetoric battle against an angtsy young man who is only interested in insulting his interlocutor.God help you.
fedora etc etc
There is a vast set of guidelines that are of use when it comes to praying in christianity.No there aren't. I know because in Maccabees there's a prayer for the dead, which makes no fucking sense, considering that you don't need to pray for people in heaven, and you can't alleviate one's punishment in hell.Yah-huh. Light can't exist without darkness. Have you never heard that before? That shit's been around since Gilgamesh.
well, your going to hell, so there haha
You're beyond reasoning.
It's dogmatic
You have never quoted the Bible here.You are wrong, and you've revealed how little you yourself understand about the Bible:Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?2 Corinthians 6:14inb4 your words don't match up exactly with that quote so technically you never quoted hahaI threw out snippets of this from memory from a more modern translation, I just went KJV for swag factor. Everytime I throw those snippets out to people who have actually read the Bible, said snippets being when I said this:they immediately pick up on it and respond with the logical thoughts behind those verses because they see my point immediately. Your inability to see that those phrases/ideas were directly from the Bible reveal that you are the one lacking in understanding, which is why I said to be careful about throwing out insults in a conversation because said insults can easily be turned back on you. You insinuated that I had "weird comprehension" and didn't understand the Bible when I was only saying word for word what was IN the Bible.When I asked you to be sincere with me I was simply asking you to be respectful towards me as I was being respectful towards you, so we could then come together in discusison/learning together. I gave you a chance to prove me wrong and show that you were interested in a legitimate discussion and not a dick waving contest. Instead you proved me right.I'm probably the idiot here for even typing all this up for you. Anyway, I hope that you think more about how you treat others in the future.
If it exists. I'm not worried. No, I'm just good at arguing my point, and you are very bad at arguing yours. You see, it's very easy to refute arguments based entirely on faith.
I'm just good at arguing my point, and you are very bad at arguing yours.Childish hubris.You see, it's very easy to refute arguments based entirely on faith.No it's not, you just like to believe you've refuted said arguments.
misunderstanding corinthiansyou really have to be retarded lolweak level bait tbh
I haven't read Maccabees, but there was no hell/heaven before Christ, everyone went to Sheol. Throw it a google. Since Maccabees is Old Testament? that would make sense
I'm probably the idiot hereA surpsisingly wise statement
misunderstandingbut he didn't even have an interpretation...
Yeah, that's why all my posts address the flaws in your logic while all your posts read like "nuh uh!"
Are you baiting or simply samefagging ?worthless rhetoric"look mom I'm being the rudest guy in the thread"Atheists
Seeing as I don't consider myself wise, even though what you said was intended as an insult, I actually agree with you. You are right. I am not a wise man.
None of us are, anon, none of us are.
Are you baiting or simply samefagging ?neither, I just don't understand how you could say that he misunderstood the verse when he didn't even try and interpret it. how does that make sense? in order to misunderstand something you presumably have to try and understand it in the first place, no?
Yeah, that's why all my posts address the flaws in your logicBut it doesn't. Calm your hubris, you brat
lel Jesus got friendzoned hardyfw the Son of God is a beta orbiterOP, Terry Goodkind if you want Randian fantasy. Shit's as bad as it sounds. At least there's BDSM too.
worthless rhetoricOh, that's rich. Considering all the shit you've been spewing:Childish hubris.You're beyond reasoning.well, your going to hell, so there hahaprojecting your petty morality onto an absolute, transcendental beingfedoratip.gifWho's really the one posting worthless rhetoric here?
He is using it as a counterpoint to what christfag sait higher, that means he is assimilating it.zzzshit thread tbhwish you fags had your own board
Wait, just to clarify something, do you think I'm an atheist?I posted this:
but you don't even know his exact thoughts behind it or why he thinks it works as a counter because he didn't say anything, if anything you should mock him for being obscure.
Considering all the shit you've been spewing:There are multiple people here, and they're all laughing at you.
I'm only asking this because if you think I'm an atheist I'm not then it begs two questions:1. How on Earth did you mistake me for an atheist?2. If you're a Christian presumably, then sorry to be blunt, but why are you such a dick?If I'm wrong and you knew I was a Christian and you're an atheist then just call me an idiot and move on, but if I'm right then those are two legitimate questions I have
I don't hear any laughing. I see a bunch of cultists getting mad because they can't explain how God permits a rock to hit a believer.
This guy is not mealso no I didn't make any assumptions
Are you literally 12?
worthless rhetoric
Do you lose arguments to 12 year olds, often?
I'm actually confused, which posts are yours?
i won because i said so *tips funny retro hat*
No, no, no. You're right. I will be the bigger man and admit I clearly lost the argument, because you got me right here:"look mom I'm being the rudest guy in the thread"and hereChildish hubris.That, right there, fully and adequately refutes all my points and explains why God can be omnipotent but allow evil, and why He gave us free will but forces us under punishment of damnation to do his bidding. You did it. Pat yourself on the back. I'm buying myself a rosary tomorrow. You've saved me.
Not him but it's not force unless He literally forces you bruh, which ironically is what the whole free will is supposed to prevent; your personality being destroyed to be replaced by a mindless do-good robot
well to be fair to that other anon you are being pretty damn rude
well, not to sound like Christopher Hitchens, but that's like saying slaves were free to leave the plantation at any time. They might get strung up on their way to the north, but they were free.
"bad" thingsarbitrary signifier based on liberal humanist perspectiveat all relevant to godtry harder little atheist
Dude you're mixing all your interlocutors up
Well technically yeah, they were. They still had free will. That can only be taken away if someone literally mind-controls you.inb4 this moves into an irrelevant discussion about how bad the slaves had itAlso that's a broken analogy and the alternative doesn't make any sense. If you want justice, then there needs to be punishment for actions even though you are free. This is actually exactly how our society works. If the legal system started placing mental blocks in people's heads so that they would be unable to commit a crime and forced them to do good acts then I personally would be freaked the fuck out, don't know about you. In order for their to be justice, there must be righteous judgment for actions. In order for actions to have any meaning, there must be freedom to choose.
u mean jesus can get me a qt gf?brb converting.
God transcends the good/bad dichotomy.
god is the basis for moralitytherefore, morality is irrelevant to himThat's a whole new level of mental gymnastics right there.
read kant ape
This is actually a pretty interesting Sufi Islam belief, that God is beyond good and evil.
Death's Gate Cycle
How about you read him? God doesn't know morality because there are no unreasonable impulses within him, his will is always good and rational. This means that he doesn't have a capacity for evil, not that whatever an entity claiming to be god does, cannot be considered evil. What the atheists' argument from evil really asks is, how can a being that allows this, be called a god?
The flaw with that atheist argument though is that they're assuming that their vision of morality is objective and that God's morality needs to change to suit theirs, which is I believe what that other anon was commenting on. To say nothing of the arrogance of said atheists' belief, the actual logic of it doesn't make sense.In layman's terms: If God's God then He makes the rules and not you, get used to it bitch nigga
But God DOES care
Or rather, to bring it in line with what you just said:If God's God then His nature is perfect and yours isn't, so He's in the right and you're not, get used to it bitch nigga
You need to learn what perfection is.
god is the basis for god's morality. human morality isn't god's morality
Useless thread for op due to atheists shitposting, but check outChronicles of Narnia by CS LewisLord of the Rings, Silmarillion, Children of Hurin by TolkienBook of the New Sun, The Wizard Knight by Gene WolfeBest picks here imo are Book of the New Sun and Silmarillion
The flaw with that atheist argument though is that they're assuming that their vision of morality is objectiveBut it is, according to Kant. Unless you are denying that people are reasonable, which would make morality and religion pointless.that God's morality needs to change to suit theirsNo, it just needs to be in accordance with morality as such, which, say, Ebola or the spanish inquisition certainly aren't. Are you trying to save christianity by invoking moral relativism? Bad idea.
you need to learn what god's perfection is. this isn't fantasy novel worldbuilding pleb. read the bible
how can a being that allows this, be called a god?it's all according to his plan. he will defeat the enemy
If his nature was perfect he wouldn't get jealous and throw genocidal hissy fits like a spoilt toddler with the ability to collapse entire universes by thinking, especially when it was caused by the belief systems of over-grown bacteria stuck to a rock clashing with it's own opinions.
I've been a devout all my life, and I am each time delighted to see apostolates in the wild. Before you get the chance to experience Hell, please try to understand what constitutes the perfection of God and how wrong you are. SEP and Aquinas might be a good start, you illiterate heretic.I mean all that I wrote higher.
Again, that doesn't make sense. The Christian line of reasoning starts with the proposition that this being IS God.YHVH is GodYHVH then does something.YHVH does XThis doesn't fit with atheist morality. This leads them to question whether or not God is perfect, because naturally if He was perfect then He'd agree with what their idea of perfection was.Atheists are imperfect beings.Atheists have an idea of perfection.A perfect being doesn't fit their idea.Said being must not be perfect.Please tell me you see the flaw in this logic.
God's supposed perfection seems to come from nothing, except a rhetorical error. Just because a creator created something doesn't mean a priori they're perfect or even should be seen as flawless in his creation's eyes, as any child will tell you of their parents.
That's the thing though: if I am able to spot an imperfection, then it can't be god. You seem to misjudge the severity of the atheist argument right there, it isn't a moral indictment lf god, which is impossible, but a denial of god grounded in the reality of non-human evil.
While what you're saying makes sense from an everyday, wordly point of view, it isn't logically sound. See:
satan the accuser finds strength in your voice
first you have to assume you completely comprehend god and i don't think you can do that without a strong spirit
Okay sure, but the atheist argument is supposedly supposed to prove that God isn't perfect, not cast doubt on his perfection. And I'm explaining that in that regard, the argument fails. So everything you just said was a red herring.You still don't understand the flaw. You spot an "imperfection" according to YOUR standards of perfection, which by their very nature are imperfect.The blow by blow is this: If God doesn't fit your standards of perfection, and IF God IS God I'll say it again for emphasis, IF GOD IS GOD then your standards are what's incorrect.
Being a lawfag unironically
if I am able to spot an imperfection, then it can't be godLogically unsound, based on a presupposition that has no real basis in fact. 
That requires a lot more willingness to suspend reason than I have at my disposal. If believing in god requires mistrusting your own, genealogically religion based morality, whenever it is convenient, atheism is the position of moral integrity. I'm not even 100% atheistic, but your logic is self-defeating.
There is only one real atheist argument and that is that there is not sufficient evidence to reasonably believe God exists.This entire issue of perfection or the nature of God is an obfuscation that is meaningless. You ARE the red herring.
His argument is weak I agree, but at the end of the day the idea that God as an all-knowing being has plans, thoughts, and decisions beyond the scope of human reasoning and understanding DOES make sense.
that doesn't make any sense. you can't just throw around words like 'logic' and assume you're actually being logical.whenever it is convenientwhy did that show up? i think you've prepared for the wrong argument
No, I only have to assume that people are capable of distinguishing good from evil. Which we are, for reasons of trees and apples.and IF God IS GodThat's the thing though, he doesn't act like he is.Are you denying that people can distinguish good and evil? Pure blasphemy.
Now you are moving the goal posts! We're not talking about God's existence right now! We're talking about the atheist argument against His perfection given the fact that He is God. But you already knew that, and you knew that I knew that, so stop with the plausible deniability and just admit you were wrong. It's an anonymous board.
That's the thing though, he doesn't act like he is.I can't believe you still fail to see the flaw in your argument. Walk me through step by step your reasoning behind this statement so I can explain where your inconsistencies are.
No, I only have to assume that people are capable of distinguishing good from evil. Which we are, for reasons of trees and apples.but this isn't god's morality.applesno. god's way is the tree of life, not the tree of knowledge
No, I only have to assume that people are capable of distinguishing good from evil.Logic isn't a game of assumptions, back up your statements.
Of course, that assumption does make sense, but using it as a justification of what happens in this world amounts to suspending morality.why did that show up?Because you're askig me to withhold judgment, even while you claim there is agency, and only in one case: when there is contradiction between metaphysical assumptions there is a god and this is his work and morality you shouldn't condemn people to a life of misery followed by a gruesome death.
why are you questioning whether he can be called god?

Trees and apples, it's right there in the bible.So, god doesn't know good and evil? Or does he choose to ignore them, as they do not matter to him?human moralityBullshit, we weren't even supposed to know this.Alright1. there's a god, who is perfect2. My own morality is derived from this perfection3. Something horrible to my morality happens, and people claim god did itTwo possibilities: either 1. or 2. has to go.Problem: if 2. goes, so does any reason for believing 1.: I have no standard for perfection, it could be any damn thing.
videogames can be artisticalright you got me I laughed
Because nature is terrifying and cruel, basically.
that's the work of the enemy, not god. god created all and he saw that it was good
Wait are you saying that god created Ebola, but then satan made it kill people? How, with the microbial equivalent of a a talking serpent?
God created ebola and he has ultimately created death. But death and suffering are nothing to be feared because death isn't death because it doesn't lead to death where sin is the true death.
thx m8
What about suffering then? Even when death isn't death do you, personally, trust this to the point where you lose your fear of death?, suffering is very clearly still suffering. Why can't god just euthanize us? If death is no big deal, what do we need biological life for, anyway?
The original sin m8, it entered the world at some point.
The flaw in your argument is step 2 and I'll prove to you what that is.You're basically saying that you a human have an accurate idea of what morality is and thus you can reliably say that whatever does not confine itself to your morality is therefore evil. You're basing this off of the human understanding of morality.The issue here is that if humans have a perfect understanding of morality, then why has every single moral issue on the face of the planet been contested at some point? Right down to baby sacrifices, animal rape, and torturing for the sole sake of amusement, somebody somewhere thought something was right. Many religions routinely murdered or sacrificed others and believed it was just.The bottom line is, if what you're saying is true and humans have a perfect understanding of what it is to be good then we would all agree on morals but we don't. The only other options are:1. We do have a perfect understanding of morality, but some of us choose to ignore it or deceive ourselves, and only you and all those who agree with you know true morals.The issues here: You have no way of proving that you're right, or for that matter, who is right.2. Humans do not have a perfect grasp on morality.The issues: In this case you're just flat out wrong.Also:2. goes, so does any reason for believing 1.: I have no standard for perfection, it could be any damn thing.Doesn't really make sense. If you're talking about men gaining the knowledge of good and evil, you're totally misunderstanding that verse for one, but even if your understanding of it which I can surmise is correct, man knowing good or evil does not mean that he knows them perfectly, OR that he knows them perfectly all the time, or even that he knows them perfectly all the time and believes what he knows, in other words, this DOES not indicate that man lacks the capability to deceive himself or allow himself to be deceived when it comes to morality.
Not him, but the Bible flat out says that death and suffering did not exist until man sinned, which seems to have had spiritual-physical effects on entire makeup of the world right down to man's physiology in Christianity. Notice for example, how lifespans gradually shorten following the original sin and introduction of death. Notice how God says that now humans will "toil" and that now childbirth would be painful. He is outlining the ill effects of humanity's actions. This implies that pain didn't even exist before sin did, and that sin that which is contrary to God is the source of pain and death and not God Himself.
I alway found that part weirdyou fucking humans, I told you not to eat that stuffI will now be a dick to humans for eternityAs Kant points out, that's one of those parts of religion that severely clashes with reason.more moral relativismThat is a very, very bad idea if you're christian, seriously. If god does not provide a source for morality, HOW THE FUCK ARE WE SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT IT MEANS WHEN YOU SAY HE'S PERFECT?Without a morality that is at least in potential objective, "perfection" is just another word that means whatever we want it to mean.
eternityWell for someone with a really poor understanding of even the most basic things about Christianity you sure do like to argue and pretend to have read Kant.
Oh, sorry, I meant, every generation for all their life. But note how the old testament doesn't mention an afterlife.And Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason is a pretty good book, pick it up some time.
THIS GUY IS NOT MEShould I use a trip or what
That is a very, very bad idea if you're christian, seriously. If god does not provide a source for morality, HOW THE FUCK ARE WE SUPPOSED TO KNOW WHAT IT MEANS WHEN YOU SAY HE'S PERFECT?Without a morality that is at least in potential objective, "perfection" is just another word that means whatever we want it to mean.My only goal right now is to indicate why your argument fails bro. Also nah, if that were the case and God were real, then perfection means whatever God wants it to mean and the idea is that if you understand that God is God, then you understand that He is the Absolute and therefore He defines morality.The intelligent Christian concept of God is that God is literally the EMBODIMENT of morality. Ever heard the phrase "God is good?" That's meant to be taken more literally than you might think. God is perfectly moral because God is perfect and perfect is God, they are one and the same. Your issue is you're looking for a being that fits some presupposed idea of morality when the Christian concept of God is that He is the SOURCE of morality.Btw this logical principle also elegantly defeats the Euthyphro Dilemma.
It's alright, posters are often distinguishable by quality of posts. And no, don't use a trip, at least not all the time, and don't give yourself a fancy name.
God is goodTherefore, all human accounts of what is good are falseI know I'm losing patience, and that's bad, but do you sincerely not see the problem with this? If my own mind is to feeble to make valid moral judgments, the sentences "God is good" and "God is the absolute" and what have you are meaningless gibberish ffs.
note how the Old Testament doesn't mention an afterlifeWhatever your hand finds to do, do it with your might, for there is no work or thought or knowledge or wisdom in Sheol, to which you are going.Ecclesiastes 9:10For great is your steadfast love toward me; you have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol.Psalms 86:13For you will not abandon my soul to Sheol, or let your holy one see corruption.Psalms 16:10For in death there is no remembrance of you; in Sheol who will give you praise?Psalms 6:5All his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him, but he refused to be comforted and said, “No, I shall go down to Sheol to my son, mourning.” Thus his father wept for him.Genesis 37:35“If they dig into Sheol, from there shall my hand take them; if they climb up to heaven, from there I will bring them down.Amos 9:2Sheol beneath is stirred up to meet you when you come; it rouses the shades to greet you, all who were leaders of the earth; it raises from their thrones all who were kings of the nations.Isaiah 14:9They spend their days in prosperity, and in peace they go down to Sheol.Job 21:13For Sheol does not thank you; death does not praise you; those who go down to the pit do not hope for your faithfulness.Isaiah 38:18It is higher than heaven—what can you do? Deeper than Sheol—what can you know?Job 11:8Drought and heat snatch away the snow waters; so does Sheol those who have sinned.Job 24:19THE LIST COULD GO ON
The old testament isn't Christianity. And it does mention it, just not in the same way as the New testament does. And I'll get to Kant eventually, have to go through 2-3 more from antiquity and medieval philosophy.
Even if you're correct they're meaningless from your perspective but not meaningless in actual reality.Plus I answered that: The idea is not that you SEE GOD AND THEN JUDGE IF HE IS GOOD OR NOT, but rather that you see God, say to yourself, "Oh, this is God, and therefore He must be good."This isn't even necessarily the Biblical position honestly it's not but I'm just illustrating to you how your argument fails even from the lowbrow Christian standpoint.
I will never be Johnnypink McTwinglesWhy hath thou forsaken me ?
Sheol is a rather ambiguous term, and can be interpreted to mean little more than the family grave. Try and replace the word that way and see if the sentences still are meaningful.
meaningless from your perspective but not meaningless in actual reality.Since all perspectives on this I can know of are human, and therefore, according to your reasoning, meaningless, we can't talk about objective meaning at all.you see God, say to yourself, "Oh, this is God, and therefore He must be good."I don't see god, though. I am told about him. And what I'm told contradicts both itself, and reality.
That doesn't fit with a huge amount of the verses there and you know it.It is higher than heaven-what can you do? Deeper than my family grave-what can you know?You seriously gonna tell me that this makes sense? Obviously the narrator here is drawing a poetic connection between Heaven and it's spiritual equivalent in terms of "depth". That's not a family grave.Family graves are stirred to meet you when you comeWhat?If they dig into Sheol, from there my hand take them, if they climb up to heaven, from there I will bring you down.Again, clearly a poetic connection with a juxtaposition of two extremes.You have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol!You will not abandon my soul to Sheol!This is clearly a spiritual place.there is no work or thought or knowledge or wisdom in Sheol, to which you are goingIs the fact that Sheol was the Jewish conception of the afterlife even debatable anymore after this verse?
If you use family grave instead of sheol you still get afterlife.
Since all perspectives on this I can know of are human, and therefore, according to your reasoning, meaningless, we can't talk about objective meaning at all.The huge mistake you're making here is that I'm not trying to prove an objective fact about God, I'm just trying to explain why your argument doesn't prove shit and I did.I don't see god, though. I am told about him. And what I'm told contradicts both itself, and reality.Nigga now I'm the one losing patience. Clearly I'm talking about a theoretical position in relation to our arguments to win logical ground and you're trying to move this into practical applications land, you're basically goingOkay fine, so I can't prove that God is bad, but then prove He exists!Like dude let's just pack it in at this point and agree to disagree until next time, I'll admit that you're rather courteous and I enjoy talking with you but I just don't have the energy to go over a fuckload of theology right now, it's past 3 in the morning where I am
I said "little more" not the exact same thing. Point is, it just means the place we go when we die, with little implication that there is any life taking place there.there is no work or thought or knowledge or wisdom in the grave, to which you are goingworks perfectly.If anything, I'll concede that some of these imply that god can give life back to those in the grave, not that they are still alive.
Oh by all means, go to bed.Point stands: if we do not have, potentially, access to a morality by which the statement that god is doing us wrong is possible, we do not have the intellectual means to say anything about god at all. It's all scripture then, and scripture's just words.
Point is, it just means the place we go when we die, with little implication that there is any life taking place there.That's still not consistent with the Psalms discussing the idea of souls being abandoned in Sheol though nig. This place was obviously spiritual, which is one the points I made with those verses.AlsoIf they dig into Sheol, from there my hand will take them?Although now I see your point more I guess that makes sense, some Christian verses seem to imply that everyone is dead for a time and then resurrected and judged simultaneously so w/e idgaf
I'm not spiritual in the slightest unless I'm tripping yet these comics inspire me in a way I can't quantify. Maybe it's because of a love promised by something greater and purer than myself that can never be fulfilled. I can't tell if it inspires or depresses me. whatever.
Alright cool, thanks for the discussion bro, till next time.I'm gonna leave my email in the name line if you want to continue discussing theology, your call.
If they dig into Sheol, from there my hand will take themthis one really means that there is no limit to gods ability to fuck you up, it only makes sense in its juxtaposition to if they climb up to heaven...But yeah, on a more general note, both jews and christians are hilariously inconsistent in their theories on what happens after death. I think some Rabbis even taught about reincarnation, so there's really nothing they didn't believe might happen.
nigga you need Jesus
Yeah some shit is pretty ridiculous in my humble opinion, although I heard an interesting theory on how reincarnation might be possible. It was something about how the idea that certain particles in quantum mechanics only "exist" when they're measured might imply that consciousness creates reality and therefore it is eternal and material things are used as attach points for it or something. I don't know shit about quantum mechanics but it was interesting thought.
I'd be very, very cautious with quantum sprituality, most of the time it doesn't really come from a point of understanding of physics.
sacrificing your only son so that humanity could be saved and the enemy defeated counts as a dick move?do you people know anything about the bible at all? or do you just meme?
sacrificing your only sonHe wasn't really dead, also, Jesus is God, he's his own son. What I'm getting at is that the trinity doesn't make any damn senseso that humanity could be saved and the enemy defeatedHe's god, he didn't need to do any of this. Just hand out free salvation to everyone like a proper communist.
Jesus is not literally the Son of god. It's a metaphor to explain that he is the imperfect incarnation of God. See the trinity
Neither any of us really die or experience true suffering or true joy.
he was dead. the trinity is finehe did hand out free salvation. he became the life-giving spirit. his work is done. now it's on you to accept jesuslol
Try saying the Glory Patri and Hail Mary a few times every day for a weekGlory be to the Father, and to the Son:and to the Holy Ghost;As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be:world without end. Amen.Hail Mary, full of grace.Our Lord is with thee.Blessed art thou among women,and blessed is the fruit of thy womb,Jesus.Holy Mary, Mother of God,pray for us sinners,now and at the hour of our death.Amen.
Neither any of us really die or experience true suffering or true joyEh....wat?
trinity doesn't make any senseWhat about 3 in Person, 1 in Nature is so damn hard to understand?What about the trinity as a metaphorical representation of three separate and yet unified individuals in order to indicate that humans can also be unified with God while retaining their individuality in a beautiful best-of-both-worlds reality that improves on both the Eastern ideas of "we are literally all one" with the Western ideas of "we are all special snowflakes" doesn't make sense?What about God the Son giving up his rank and literally becoming a human who then relied on God the Father for everything as a representation of what the perfect human could be read: perfect due to perfect reliance on God doesn't make sense?You sir, you don't make sense.He's god, he didn't need to do any of this. Just hand out free salvation to everyone like a proper communist.And forfeit holiness? Turn His back on justice? That would literally unravel the entire universe by destroying the very nature of God which would in turn destroy everything.stay pleb
This is literally the correct Christian answer, btw.
he did hand out free salvationNo, I mean, regardless of what they do, they go to heaven. Life on earth doesn't matter, anyway, sub specie aeternitatis.
and violate the freedom of choice? nigga your theology is all outta whack
that would not be in accordance with his law
What about 3 in Person, 1 in Nature is so damn hard to understand?It's not hard to understand, it's just nonsense. It's at best an allegorical storyand eve then it's full of holes.And forfeit holiness? Turn His back on justice?As I've learned in this thread, it would still be holy and just, merely by virtue of god doing it.
He wasn't really dead, also, Jesus is God, he's his own son. What I'm getting at is that the trinity doesn't make any damn senseGod is three persons in one beingbut that's impossibleSo is coming back from the dead
Why, they can still do what they want, they just don't go to hell for it. So god is bound by a law? Who made this law?
As I've learned in this thread, it would still be holy and just, merely by virtue of god doing it.nigga you haven't learned shit God = Morality, his nature is good all the time which is why He won't do the dumb shit you suggestalsoIt's not hard to understand, it's just nonsense. It's at best an allegorical storyand eve then it's full of holes.is there an actual argument here or are you just make disjointed claims all night?
What is purgatory
trying to go all E Dilemmanig God = Morality, like seriously you're not coming off as clever as you think
God is three persons in one beingI realize that, I'm just saying it's utter rubbish.but that's impossiblewho are you quoting?
full of holesthis is a meme. you can name them but people will tell you how you're wrong and you're not used to the answers so you just shut off because you think atheism in the height of intellect and you don't want to be confronted with the idea that there are other ways of thinking about things and then you'll just say IT DOESN'T MATTER BECAUSE GOD DOESN'T EXIST and you would have wasted a lot of your timethis "why doesn't god do this really specific thing that i would do" stuff is babby tier lazy shithead 'intellectualism' that involves literally no engagement with the bible or its message. at best it involves taking one or two bible quotes out of context and that's it. at worst it's you slowly getting more and more disengaged with debates but still too full of yourself to give up completely so you just post vague nonsense until people get tired of responding to yet another smartass atheist with no knowledge of anythinggod bless u
Just hand out free salvation to everyone like a proper communist.He did.God didn't need to die for thatYeah, he did. Sin is separation from God, God can't extend himself into it for us to grab onto without immersing himself in the wages of sin, which are separation from God. There would be nothing for us to grab onto otherwise, because we are in total depravity; the only way to get out of total depravity is through love of God, but it's not love if God forces it on us, he has to offer it to us, and he had to make himself a servant to do that..
this, atheist babbies a shitI'm gonna go talk to my Hindu friend who at least has challenging shit to say about the Bible and understands logic
God=moralityThat is exactly what I mean. if he did what I suggest, it would be moral.What is purgatoryUnnecessary.See, I'm making suggestions to God here. You're not god, you don't need to justify his decisions, which you also cannot do, as that would require being on his level.
god is bound by his own law
You can call it rubbish, but that's very silly. Just because humans are limited to one person per being, why would Got be so limited?
God is above moralityexcpt he fits my definition of Good, nobody else's though
I realize that, I'm just saying it's utter rubbish.you dumb nigger do you even understand how to argue? PLEASE at least post an argument or some semblance of rudimentary thoughts on the matter, listening to you repeat over and over again that you don't believe X is fucking BORING
You aren't on his level either, so I don't see how you can be making suggestions.God isn't bound by anything.
that is to say he follows his own law. this is why jesus gets baptised and fulfills the law, etc
muh univocity of beingPlz goIf you are a Christian, please try not to be so uncivil.
Why are you guys so mad?Sin is separation from Godyou're refering to the original sin of illegitimately obtaining moral knowledge, I guess? Well that's another thing I'm not buying into. Eating those damn apples was the right thing to do.
applesi'm out. l8r pleb
Actually eating from the Tree of Life was the right thing to do.
That is exactly what I mean. if he did what I suggest, it would be moral.Okay in all seriousness, no you legitimately do you understand what I'm saying. Please come down off your intellectual high horse for a second and listen.I'm so tired of repeating myself over and over that I'm literally going to pull a summary off of wikipedia, that is what you have reduced me toFalse dilemma response[edit]Augustine, Anselm, and Aquinas all wrote about the issues raised by the Euthyphro dilemma, although, like William James[97] and Wittgenstein[44] later, they did not mention it by name. As philosopher and Anselm scholar Katherin A. Rogers observes, many contemporary philosophers of religion suppose that there are true propositions which exist as platonic abstracta independently of God.[98] Among these are propositions constituting a moral order, to which God must conform in order to be good.[99] Classical Judaeo-Christian theism, however, rejects such a view as inconsistent with God's omnipotence, which requires that God and what he has made is all that there is.[98] "The classical tradition," Rogers notes, "also steers clear of the other horn of the Euthyphro dilemma, divine command theory."[100] From a classical theistic perspective, therefore, the Euthyphro dilemma is false. As Rogers puts it, "Anselm, like Augustine before him and Aquinas later, rejects both horns of the Euthyphro dilemma. God neither conforms to nor invents the moral order. Rather His very nature is the standard for value."[98]Rather His very nature is the standard for valuepls tell me you get itGod IS Goodness, Goodness IS God, God would not do your suggestion because it is contrary to His nature i.e. is not good
Christ fulfills the new law as per Isaiah. But also don't forget that Christ is 100% human and 100% divine. While the human can be a paragon of humanity, the divine is staggeringly beyond humanity and can only be described in human terms analogously.
you're refering to the original sin of illegitimately obtaining moral knowledge, I guess? Well that's another thing I'm not buying into. Eating those damn apples was the right thing to do.No, I mean sin, period. Heaven is to feel a love more intense than the most passionate romance for and from every living thing, hell is the exact opposite and feeling of infinite emptiness, shallowness and loneliness. Every action which contributes to making the world more like the former is virtuous, whereas the latter is sin.
Recovering pleb here, could somebody give me a translation of the greek in this image?
Why are you guys so mad?I'm not mad, I'm just trying to have fun with the convo through extreme sarcasm, but I'll listen to that tripfriend and be more civil. mah bAnyways please give me your thoughts on why the trinity doesn't make sense so I can calmly discuss it with you friendI want you to know that even though this is 4chan and it's dumb to say this here, I hope you didn't take anything I said to heart. This is how my friends and I find it fun to argue with sarcastic insults we don't mean and when I'm tired that bleeds over to other people. I'm one of those guys that just straight up enjoys arguing
What I'm saying is that it's rather convoluted. God could just have called from the skyOi everyone it's god, look, I sort of went to a transition that did not, I repeat, did not involve large hormone injections and now you're all saved. Anyway, get back to work, or don't, and be nice to each other.Would have worked much better than incarnating as some neet hippie in the roman province of Judea.You aren't on his level either, so I don't see how you can be making suggestionsEveryone is allowed to put letters into the suggestion box.
gave it a try here:
Everyone is allowed to put letters into the suggestion box.But apologetics aren't allowed?
Would have worked much better than incarnating as some neet hippie in the roman province of Judea.I take it you'd rather Jesus be some "magnificent" king or warlord with material splendor and political power? Like a certain early persian or a certain early medieval saracen?
They don't make sense, as they make illegitimate assumptions about the will of god.
No, I'm saying he wasn't necessary at all.
Suggestions are illegitimate assumptions about the imperfection of creation.My Church doesn't consider reasoning about the will of God to be heretical, and that includes debates about God's will. In fact we consider reason to be one of the "three legs of faith", along with sacred tradition and scripture.
Okay thanks, sorry for the nigger comment that was probably out of line in retrospectanywayWell I see your thought process but I wanna raise some quick points to you.1. Even if it's convoluted, that doesn't really say anything about whether it's true or not does it? And it's not really that convoluted. God the Father is God as defined by his relationship with man. The Holy Spirit is God's spiritual presence. The Son is God taking on a human role. See, the trinity is supposed to be a way to help man understand God. Or at least that's how I see it.The fun thing about the trinity is that you can kinda take alternative looks at it. It's a fine line between fun thought experiments and heresy tho so hopefully you don't have that Christian friend who freaks on you when your thoughts don't fit the church's to a TWould have worked much better than incarnating as some neet hippie in the roman province of Judea.Jesus wasn't a neet you silly anon, but anyway no this really was the best path because it was the best way to relate with and form a relationship with humans which was God's goal. Also it fulfills a shitload of prophecies so there's that.
Don't forget that trinity isn't aspects, it's persons. That's why we say a personal god. Also anyone here liked Severians views on the trinity as much as I did?
Okay I'm super fucking tired so I actually will go to bed nowI'll probably check on this thread tomorrow, have a good night everyone
Alright I am about to hit the hay but just to confirm can you throw me some Scripture for sure being persons so I can peruse it in the morning? I'm trying to run through memory on the exact nature of the trinity as whole in my head right now and I'm coming up blank
coming up blank on Scripture*
Well, actually God the Son is more than God a s human aspect, since Christ, the Word, was begotten, made flesh, by Mary at a specific date, whereas God the Son is eternally begotten of the Father and was with God and was God from the beginning.

Oh ok, in that case, what is your take on the whole "why does god allow bad things to happen to good people?" debate?Even if it's convoluted, that doesn't really say anything about whether it's true or not does it?Agreed, but it makes it harder to believe.See, the trinity is supposed to be a way to help man understand God.Oh well, leaving it ut would have worked better for me.Jesus wasn't a neet you silly anonHe didn't exactly continiue his stepdad's carpentry business, instead forming a little clique of dropouts who were on the road constantly. Still better than the neets of today, admittedly.Also it fulfills a shitload of prophecies so there's that.these prophecies only mattered to jews anyway. If Jesus had been greek, or indian or chinese, that also would have made ting easier. Apparently, god doesn't care much for efficiency.
why have 200+ posts been made in this thread in only 5 hours, and in the middle of the fucking night/early morning?
da bibleeeXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
the world only has one Timezone.
Europeans. Fucking Europeans. And americans who can't go to sleep as long as europeans keep questioning their faith I guess.
am other guyagreed, but should hell be an eternal punishment? i get the idea of punishment in principle, but that whole thing about eternal punishment for finite transgression, or whatever.
Because religion is a hot topic anon, get with the times.I'm about to fall asleep but I have some developing thoughts for you and I want you to know that I will post back sometime tomorrow probably in the late afternoon/early evening, goodnightyeah you're right about that, the Persons side is starting to sound more reasonable.will read tomorrow
Oh ok, in that case, what is your take on the whole "why does god allow bad things to happen to good people?" debate?Creation is an extremely complex machine, the elements which come together to make bad things happen might be individually integral components for the machine's function. We don't have privy to God's perspective. But rest assured, God knows and empathizes with how you feel, since he had to go through the same thing himself on the cross..
it's early morning in europe. i doubt there are that many australians here
since he had to go through the same thing himself on the crossYeah ok, but that was his choice. Something we don't have. Also, since we do not know the integral part of undeserved suffering in creation, doesn't it sort of beg the question if we just assume it is necessary in order to maintain our belief in a perfect and loving creator?
Early morningIt's 11:51 in germany.
Hell is for some souls temporary, only pure souls can gaze upon God. This is purgatory in Catholic tradition and purgation in Hell in orthodox. Some argue that it is necessary perfect justice or that those in Hell are unwilling to repent so they condemned themselves in a manner of speaking.
I'm a European defending my faith.
Oh wow that has to suck.
The choice only makes the sacrifice greater. And as I've stated before, our suffering here is nothing compared to joy or fire that we will face. Our pain here is something that can lead us to virtue, it isn't something we need to fear or view in temporal ways. You have problems understanding all of this because your perspective is materialistic.
Degeneracy of my continent sucks much more m7
Go forth with forgiveness, not judgement.
our suffering here is nothingI'd say my own personal life is pretty much alright, but I still felt the noteable impulse to slap my screen for that remark.You have problems understanding all of this because your perspective is materialistic.Admittedly, it is. Heaven and Hell are just stories, earthly pain and joy are real beyond a reasonable doubt.
Where do I sign up to throw rocks at Jesus?
It isn't as simple. Forgiveness isn't abandoning of all principles Christianity stands for. Forgiveness goes on a personal level. I will talk to and try to help those in need, but I cannot simply watch as they doom their souls because that is the true judgement.
Of course that doesn't mean abandoning the call to mission, nor your convictions, but to speak with kindness and compassion, to forgive their baseness and not condemn them, for they are sick and unhappy people.
FORGET THIS I DIDN'T READ THE THREAD BEFORE POSTING THIS SORRY
 The Taintfw reading this in the original Irish feels pretty great
Jesus is God and also a Holy Spirit on the sideWhat's the fucking purpose of the Holy Spirit anyway? Did they just think three was better than two?
Christians are such dumb dildos, shit
Behold the Man by Michael Moorcock. The title derives from the Gospel of John, Chapter 19, Verse 5: "Then Jesus came out, wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe. And Pilate said to them Behold the Man."In the novel, Moorcock weaves an existentialist tale about Karl Glogauer, a man who travels from the year 1970 in a time machine to 28 AD, where he hopes to meet Jesus of Nazareth.
Bump for more book suggestions.And please, less atheist shitposting.
Moorcockhehe
Basically. As far as I am aware they just threw him into the mix rather late in one of the cooncils.
Start with the English; Tolkein, Clancy, Lewis, Martin.
Your 'bawwwwwwww afwican kidz' morality isn't relevant to an eternal, absolute, and transcendental God.His morality is inherent to humans, but in struggle with their nature to sin, and was human nature before the fall.It's funny how kids who have never read the Bible tell others to read it; sending them on a wild goose chase through a large, dense, cryptic collection of books because that will buy them time to bullshit more.
and was human nature before the fallBefore the fall humans had no knowledge of good and evil. You have no idea what you're talking about.
Reading comprehension, work on it.
2015still being fooled by Demiurge
it's not a finite transgression
suffering is brought about by the enemy, temptation and sin. you find rest in christ
Ok, if we ignore grammar, then the sentence may also imply that humans were sinful before the fall. Which is also nonsense, congratulations.
the bible is a wild goose chaseit's literally the opposite
Twilight
Why does everyone hate me if I like stage plays?
because REAL men don't do degenerate stuff like that. It's only for false men, like liberals, socialists, faggots, degenerate trannies, feminists, and cucks.If you're a woman it's because you're a filthy, worthless whore
pleb shit basicallydo you also enjoy wwe
Such intelectual snobery - you guys regurgitate the same boring political books over and over... 12yr olds think all theatre is ""shakesphere"" - what about the american classics?Tennesse williams, Arthur miller, Edward Albeeor some english fare: Pinter?How about Bertold Brecht , or chekov ?or - summer of the seventeenth doll or how about the theatre of gore from france..... narrow minded biggots.Why are you filled with so much hate for literature, on a literature board???
Because they mostly suffer from delusions of grandeur
, 
I love ancient Rome, and Greece, and history in general.my birthday is in a month, making a list of books I want to get. I've already read Caesars "Civil War" and "Galic War", and Homer's "The Odyssey".I know I want these:The Metamorphoses by OvidThe Iliad by HomerMeditations by Marcus AureliusThe Histories By HerodotusWhat are other western must reads from the classical era?also please name books like "Metamorphoses" that deal with Greek/Roman mythology and stories like that.
also please name books like "Metamorphoses" that deal with Greek/Roman mythology and stories like that.Lesser known: the "Homeric hymns", which I think aren't actually by Homer.
No need to thank me friendo.
The AeneidThe Theogony
no Aeneidno Ovidplebchart coming through
also please name books like "Metamorphoses" that deal with Greek/Roman mythology and stories like that.Hesiod's Theogony, almost all of the tragedies, and Aesop's Fables. Also, Apollodorus' Library.
The Theban Plays Oedipus the King; Oedipus at Colunus; Antigone
I think it is more concerned with non-fiction. But I agree, a mythological background must be there to understand many of these works, and just the homeric epics won't do.
Iliad and odysseynonfictionMuh
Most of this is non-fiction.You should get a few plays - Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides are the "3 great greek tragic playwrights" and they really are incredible. Also, Plautus and Aristophanes are good, they say.
Hey /lit/ help me out please. I am a white, male poet—a white, male poet who is aware of his privilege and sensitive to inequalities facing women, POC, and LGBTQ individuals in and out of the writing community—but despite this awareness and sensitivity, I am still white and still male. Sometimes I feel like the time to write from my experience has passed, that the need for poems from a white, male perspective just isn’t there anymore, and that the torch has passed to writers of other communities whose voices have too long been silenced or suppressed. I feel terrible about feeling terrible about this, since I also know that for so long, white men made other people feel terrible about who they were. Sometimes I write from other perspectives via persona poems in order to understand and empathize with the so-called “other”; but I fear that this could be construed as yet another example of my privilege—that I am appropriating another person’s experience, violating that person by telling his or her story. It feels like a Catch-22. Write what you know and risk denying voices whose stories are more urgent; write to learn what you don’t know and risk colonizing someone else’s story. I genuinely am troubled by this. I want to listen but I also want to write—yet at times these impulses feel at odds with one another. How can I reconcile the two?
epic dude
Im Asian and while there are many great Asian authors, my favorite handful happen to be white.Stop thinking about it so much. Write what you will and others will judge it on its merits. I don't turn away literature because it was written by whites, only crazy morons who are super into identity politics would do that, and you don't want them as an audience anyway as there is no pleasing them.implying I'm not being baited right now
1. keep in mind that there are almost truly no good non-white, non-male poets. Poetic ability is a very white and very male phenomenon.2. Keep in mind that it's basically impossible for a white male poet to get published in the year anno domini two thousand and fifteen. Sorry, even if you're the next Crane or Donne, tough luck. 3. Poetry is a "dead" artform.
Hre's how you do it:1. write something2. realize there's nothing original about it3. throw it in the trash and get a jobthere, reconciled.
aware of his privilegeD r o p p e dropped/tumblr/
tbh writing is a pretty self-centered practice, no matter who the author is. Don't be so apologetic about it. Just because you're a white male doesn't mean you don't have anything interesting to say. And you can still take on other perspectives but don't do it at the expense of your own perspective. Don't get so caught up in giving a voice to others that your own views get drowned out. implying this isn't gr8 b8
get a sex change and ride that sweet oppression train all the way into the stratosphere.
N I G G E RIGGERR A P EAPEF A G G O TAGGOT
it's beautiful. you should publish a book like this. million instant shekels for sure.
Just write on universal themes, like emotions.
Write a novel about removing yourself from the gene pool. I'm sure the queers and minorities will love that.
write a tortured exploration of your white-maleness in the face of the rising other.just get ready for all the sjws you identify with to crucify you regardless of how 'sensitive' and aware of their 'plight' you are.
would you please be so kind as to list some examples of top-notch cyberpunk? I've read about eight of the most widely recognized "classics" - but I'd love to dig a little deeper, and experience some more obscure and challenging books dealing with cyberpunk themes and aesthetics dystopia, totalitarian corporatized governments / organized crime / data thievery and hacking / AI / antiheroes and lowlifes / human augmentation / singularity etcthank you!
to clarify : I'm interested in far less recognized works than those listed in the Wiki - perhaps even unpublished or self-published books I've enjoyed the more famous books immensely, so I'm eager to delve into the more obscure -- just to underscore my adherence to board rules, I've studied the wiki closely
Try Neuromancer
If you're not too bent on the "cyber" part of the aesthetics, David Ohle fits with most of your other criteria and is rather obscure. All very low-tech though.
Do you have a theory of science fiction you want to investigate or you just in it for 'the cool gadgets and stuff', 'anarchy! Yeah!, and let's not forget, 'so edgy'?
tfw this could never be published todayWhat's your favorite religious/spiritual work?
/pol/tards think irrationally hating jews is 'religious/spiritual' in any wayend your life OP
protestant hereticPersonally I'll stick with Saint Chrystostom OP.He did it right first. Recommend this for it's great spiritual clarity
My man. His prose is always on point.
really admire his thoughts on the Jews and his bravery to write that. But his theology i disagree with
Are these good for beginner Christians or no?pathetic.
amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/1NTHK5AMH0JQ5Please recommend books to add to my Christian wishlist. Cheap but solid editions preferable, since I am broke.
religious/spiritual doings are irrational, yestldr get fucked kike
critiquing something means you irrationally hate ithurrr all literary criticism is actually hate speech
Judaism is filth.Nothing wrong with the jewish people, Christ will embrace them too if they come to Him in earnest.
be a Christianhate the religion Christianity is based onOnly Christians can possess this much cognitive dissonance
Practicing Judaism after the Ressurection is akin to paganism.
Oh, just fuck off with those smug axioms.
that's a good list, I'd recommend The Imitation of Christ, if u haven't read it.More Kierkegaard:Purity of the Heart Practice in ChristianityProvocations
he's right thoughgo shill somewhere else
They willingly turned, and continue to turn their backs on God's truth manifest on Earth. I don't see why one shouldn't be skeptical of Judaism as a Christian.
Thats a pretty jew.
The real question is why should anyone be a christian at all.Theist? Maybe. Christian? WHY?!
because it is true and only in Christianity can man realize his full potential and overcome suffering with love. And only in Christianity is history and our world given true significance and meaning sub specie aeternitatis...
rare pepe and dubs confirm for truth
Icons...hhhrt TFU!
icons are choice
tfw /lit/ is genuinely christian
rare? seems rare as fuck to me
I'll pray that one day, you too will know Him friend.Go in peace and may you know happiness.
thanks, I'm slowly seeing the light...one step at a time
It would be easier to publish today with technology
it would be academic suicide tbhbelive me i know a lot of about that
Amen.
Haha. From christian to youtube atheist to lit christian.The plebs keep on spinning.
my 12 year old self was right about everything; I never change opinions
animuyour 12 year old self too
Saint ChrystosomThat's not his name you retard
/lit/ is one person and that person happens to be someone I want to be
You guys know luther was just butthurt because he thought the Jews would convert once he "fixed" the church, right? Before that he wrote a couple of pamphlets defending Jews.
And?Being critical of Judaism is entirely consistent and reasonable for a Christian, but that is not to say that anti-semitism is.
implying Paul didn't say the Jews can achieve justification without Christ implying Paul didn't tell the Jews to continue following the Law
Was the ever a crusade against Jews? Would've been so fun to deus vault against them
See
implying Paul didn't say the Jews can achieve justification without Christcitation
/pol/ edgelords in /lit/Absolutely disgusting. Go read Maimonides.
Fuck off back to reddit, if you can't handle intelligent discussion then maybe you should go back to your circle jerk
umm no
implying Paul didn't say the Jews can achieve justification without ChristWhere?implying Paul didn't tell the Jews to continue following the LawMessianic judaism/Jewish christianity != Judaism.
as a Jew half jew on father side I always preferred Christian morality and values to ours.I'd be a christian myself I just can't accept the supernatural claims. This thread was pretty good until someone really butthurt got triggered
intelligent discussionHURR KIKESYeah, no.
this threadintelligent discussionjoos and dues vultMaybe Intelligent for /pol/
because it is true and only in Christianity can man realize his full potential and overcome suffering with love. And only in Christianity is history and our world given true significance and meaning sub specie aeternitatis...This sounds interesting can...can you elaborate?? I want to learn
ooh we can't handle non pc views let's just call our opponents nazisTypical.
something like two shitposts like thatTHIS THREAD IS SHIT AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD FOR POSTING IN IT YOU NAZISStop ruining our thread.
Trying to frame your views as non-PC is the taint of an edgelord. There's nothing intelligent in that. The way you retort with sarcasm just proves the point./pol/ is that way
That's the thing, you do not have any "views", you're just throwing around insults. You're too easy to spot, try camouflaging with pseudo-intellectual posturing or something.
You should read The Imitation of Christ, by Kempis. It's great regardless of where you are on the path, beginner or advanced.Grow up kid. Stop forcing a "shitpost" session.Yes the romans had several wars against the jews due to jewish shenanigans and cruelty. Who do you think kicked them out of Israel and destroyed their temple? Romans. They were nomads ever since...until WW2
I've got nothing inherently for Christian or Jewish thought, /lit/ is a place to debate. But when the debate is just a smokescreen for /pol/tards, one has to raise the issue. They already have their own boards to shitpost.
Of course not, the jews hadn't owned land for centuries at that point.Papist violence and secular power is one of the things ruining Christianity though.I don't know what a crusade is.
If it quacks like a duck, if it walks like a duck/pol/ is only about nazis
Read Lloyd Gaston/John Gager/any of the other "radical new perspective" scholars. Basically Paul says that even though Jews have rejected the gospel, they are "beloved on account of the patriarchs" Romans 11:28 - in other words, God will uphold His End of the Covenant, even though Israel has neglected their half of the deal. "Paul does not envision Israel's eschatological salvation as its absorption into the Gentile-Christian Church ... Israel has a special eschatological destiny for Paul ... [salvation is] through Christ for Grntiles, through the Law for Israel" - John Gager, "Reinventing Paul" page 59
when the debate is just a smokescreen for /pol/tardsMaybe that was the OP intention, but that is not at all how the thread developed.
SeeAs for your bit about messianic Judaism, I'm not sure what your point is. Paul makes it pretty clear that Jews will be justified through the covenant regardless of whether or not they accept Christ.
Romans 11:28"beloved on account of the patriarchs"says nothing of their salvation being simply a matter of following "laws"It says Israel is partially hardened, for the sake of the fullness of Gentiles, and then Israel will be saved as well. So it sounds like Gentiles are getting priority...and then eventually Israel will have it's turn.It doesn't say what you want it to say about salvation having a different criteria for jews.
This thing of different criteria shows up in Jewish thought as well. To put it shortly, the gentiles can be saved by following the Noahide laws only, and a Jew will only be saved if he follows 613 mitzvot, commandments if you will.
This thing of different criteria shows up in Jewish thought as well.That has no bearing on Christianity or Paul's writings though.
I'm not who you're arguing with, it just felt fitting to mention. It would fit a mold if Christian thought had the same relationship to Jews as Jewish thought has to Christians.
"On the Jews and their Lies"mfw jews saying they can be saved without Christ in this thread
Well of course they believe that, otherwise they wouldn't be jews. therefore, it's not a lie.
says nothing of their salvation being simply a matter of following "laws""For Paul, as for other Jews, the Law was and remained valid for Jews" Peter Tomson, "Paul and the Jewish Law" page 237 "For Jews and for Jewish proselytes the Mosaic law, as Paul sees it, retains its full and unaltered validity" Pinchas Lapide, "Paul: Rabbi and Apostle" page 42. why not? there are people who argue that Paul remained a Torah-observant Jew his entire life.
I'm not a Jew, I'm just up to date on my Pauline studies and can recognize that people have been taking Paul out of his historical context for millenia.
Paul remained a Torah-observant Jew his entire life.A messianic jew.
exactly. What's the issue?
they're saying Paul said that, as if it's a Christian belief not simply a judaism thing
Peter Tomson says this about Paulthere are people who argue who sayso and so thinks this about the Biblewhat a lazy way to argue.
That's one guy, and he apparently takes it from two different books on Paul. He's also probably not jewish, why would jews read books about Paul?
PaulA messianic jew.Messianic judaism started in the 1900s. Paul died long before.
What are you a protestant?Not that guy but your counter is just as, if not lazier than his argument.
Jewish Christian then, it's so analogous it's barely worth distinguishing.
It isn't "simply a judaism thing." this is a biblical scholarship thing - it's pretty clear people have been misinterpreting Paul for centuries. If that represents some existential threat to your faith, you might have bigger problems. Christian belief should be informed as much by reason as by muh tradition
Jewish Christian Paul wasn't any kind of Christian - Christianity didn't exist yet. Paul was a Jew, just like Jesus.boo hoo
this thread is dildos
Why do you think a couple out of context quotes and an appeal to authority is a reasonable way to argue?
Paul wasn't any kind of Christian - Christianity didn't exist yet. Paul was a Jew, just like Jesus.Nothing but extremely lazy casuistry tbh
Paul wasn't any kind of Christian - Christianity didn't existPaul said he was beating up Christians before he found Christ. So ya, there were Christians running around...mfw this thread title is 100% accurate
because these faggotslliterally asked me for citations?this is literally entry-level Pauline studies
entry-level Pauline studiesWhere? Tel Aviv University?Go to a Christian Church and study Paul there.
Citations means Biblical citation, along with some justification for your argument.Not just quoting some guy who shares your opinion.
Paul said he was beating up Christians before he found Christ. So ya, there were Christians running around...Paul doesn't use the term "Christian" anywhere, and there's no reason to assume that Paul considered himself or his fellow Christ-followers to be members of a new religion.
dude, any Christian seminary okay, maybe not evangelical ones will teach you this stuff. citations mean biblical citation that's the problem, though - you need to look beyond just the epistles and look at the historical context, ortherwise you're simply projecting modern ideas onto the past.
But here are some passages from Romans that should get you started :^ Do we overthrow the Law through faith? By no means! On the contrary we uphold the law 3:31 Is the Law sin? By no means! 7:7 Has God rejected his people? By no means! 11:1
Paul doesn't use the term "Christian" anywherePeople were referring to them as Christians, Luke did."The disciples were called Christians first at Antioch." Acts 11:26being a Christ-follower is the definition of the new religion, so it doesn't matter how you title it really. Sometimes they were called Nazarenes...Paul differentiated between regular jews and the Church of Jesus-followers, so ya in his mind there was a difference. New convenant and all.
the law is love, not juridical hebrew law :^foods aren't unclean anymore chaim
God hasn't rejected the Jews, they are offered the same chance for salvation as gentiles. He hasn't turned his back on them, he is re-educating them. Giving them another chance.Simple.
Huh. I thought early christians were Jews? This almost implies Christianity was a designer religion to subjugate outsiders, removing virtues like honor and pride from the our glorious pagan ancestors and mentally enslaving them. Seriously though, from a clas war perspective its like most fundaments of Christianity were meant to supress rebellion and encourage obedience. Turn the other cheek and whatnot. Or maybe that was the Romans doing when they unified the religion?
Or maybe that was the Romans doing when they unified the religion?by unified you mean stopped outlawing and persecuting christians?
People were referring to them as Christians, Luke did."The disciples were called Christians first at Antioch." Acts 11:26You are aware that the author of Luke/Acts was writing 40 years after Paul died, right? At which point a Christian community had emerged. And the author of Luke/Acts is not an entirely reliable narrator. Paul would have been totally unfamiliar with the term "christianity"  being a Christ-follower is the definition of the new religion, so it doesn't matter how you title it really. Sometimes they were called Nazarenes...Paul differentiated between regular jews and the Church of Jesus-followers, so ya in his mind there was a difference. New convenant and all. All of this took place within the context of traditional talmudic judaism, though. Paul never saw himself as anything but a talmudic jew. the law is love, not juridical hebrew law :^ except in both those quotes he's explicitly discussing hebrew law - if you look at the surrounding verses I don't see how you could argue otherwise. foods aren't unclean anymore chaim For the millionth time, I'm not jewish, and in anycase you're misunderstanding Paul. The Law is only upheld for the Jews - Gentiles do not need to follow the law in fact, they shouldn't even try - gentiles who "rely on works of the law are under a curse" Gal 3:10 God hasn't rejected the Jews, they are offered the same chance for salvation as gentiles Where does Paul say this? [spoiler alert: he doesn't say it anywhere, you're just projecting centuries of church dogma and assumptions back onto him]
keep in mind that Paul wasn't really thinking about long-term social impacts - he thought the world was going to end within his lifetime:  I mean, brothers and sisters, the appointed time has grown short; from now on, let even those who have wives be as though they had none, and those who mourn as though they were not mourning, and those who rejoice as though they were not rejoicing, and those who buy as though they had no possessions, and those who deal with the world as though they had no dealings with it. For the present form of this world is passing away. 1 Corinthians 7:29-31.
You are aware that the author of Luke/Acts was writing 40 years after Paul died, right?Paul himself referred to persecuting the "church" aka the followers of Jesus. So a distinction existed in his time already, even if he had no name. And he joined that Church, and tried to get Jews and Gentiles to join it as well, that was the whole point of his epistles. Where does Paul say this?read any of his epistles. Salvation is universal not culturally or racially specific.Salvation is via faith/obedience in Christ for all."Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight...." Rom. 3:19."But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested...." 3:20."Being justified freely by his grace...." 3:24."But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justified the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." 4:5."...God imputeth righteousness without works" 4:6.Therefore it is of faith that it might by grace...." 4:15. Paul was addressing those who were trusting in their own works or obedience rather than trusting Christ alone for salvation. The jews don't have their own special covenant with God that bypasses the need of Christ. Christ died for all, not just gentiles. And he came first for the Jews, second for the gentiles. The jews need him. Their "laws" are not salvific.
can someone tl;dr taoism? thank uinb4:thetaothatcanbetoldisnottherealtao
the nature of being is change, so just go with the flow, dood
/thread
Azure dragon from the eastWhite tiger from the westThey meet
Errday
If you don't know you know. If you know you don't know.
Tao Lin pls
Taoism is a complex religion with many different aspects, sects, and schisms. This modern view of the practice of Taoism as some kind of psuedo-philosophy is bullshit. Taoism is concerned with many aspects of life including the moral.Luckily for you all major Taoist texts can be read in a day, they are generally very short and use simple language. You probably want to supplement this with some understanding of Confucianism and the political climate of China during the major periods of Taoist thought. Combine this with some western commentary for a bit of context, something dry and impartial like a textbook.As for the actual practice of the religion, that is wholly personal. You'll see very quickly the greater implications of how one lives like a Taoist. Similar to the arguments Muslim's make about the hypocrites that turn away from the religion by inventing/changing it because they can not face it's reality, you will never truly understand the religion until you fully let yourself go into it. No you don't have to adopt some of the dogma and Chinese folk practices, don't go and buy a bunch of crystals and try to achieve immortality.Read in the following orderTao Te ChengZhuangzi Now throw in some Confucianism, commentary, and Chinese history. Then:LeiziDaozang
what IS Taoism, then, if it's more than a philosophy but doesn't involve the dogma and Chinese folk practices?
the path of least resistance
carpe diem
I've had dreams like that but haven't heard of it before. Does that make me tao?
So I've been reading Bond.Was Fleming a nutcase or was it just "a different time"?
so I was reading Bond
The former. Live and Led Die is unironically about all black's right movements conspiring against the white race.
It's sentences like "Bond had a natural affection for coloured people, but he reflected how lucky England was compared with America where you had to live with the colour problem from your schooldays up." that really give you a feeling for Fleming as a man.
he is based since he does not put the liberals at ease
To add to this anons sentiment, another example from Diamonds Are Forever, "He smiled as he remembered something Felix Leiter had said to him on the last assignment together in America. Bond had referred to Mr Big, the famous Harlem criminal, as 'that damned nigger'. Leiter had picked him up. 'Careful now, James,' he had said. 'People are so damn sensitive about colour around here that you can't even ask a barman for a jigger of rum. You have to ask for a jegro."This never happened in Live and Let Die. The only mention of the word "Nigger" came from Felix himself. It was clear the left was pressuring him over his portrayal of "coloured people" and he was not backing down.
Honestly, I'm amazed this many /lit/erates have even read any OO7.
I didn't believe this is real.I looked it up.This was real.This was written.
Fleming was somewhat cavalier, but not a "nutcase" by his times' standards by any means. Let's not forget that it wasn't until the 1970's that "she isn't your wife" was eliminated as a prerequisite for rape. Rape just wasn't as big of a deal back then unless you were black, or for the dad or husband of the victim, it was just sort of "naughty". Laws back then were consent was assumed, saying "No" wasn't enough, there had to be physical marks from a struggle for it to be considered rape in a court of law.
Also, not to sound like redditt, but you should watch Mad Men, which isn't exactly a documentary, but still gives you an idea of social attitudes about rape back then.
Isn't exactly a documentarywut
That wasn't considered a crazy view at all in Fleming's times, just a conservative one. Moonraker is really an usual entry for Fleming, you should read it. It's very much at odds with where his other books come from.In the 1950's, sure. Calling blacks niggers back then was not any different than calling women bitches is today.
Prevailing attitudes change. Not even 20 years ago it was ok to call midgets midgets and have them do degrading things on TV for our amusement. By the way, I think it's odd they want to be called "little people". Seems far worse to me than "midget". Like albinos wanting to be called "bleached people".
It's a fictional television series. But the point is, it will give you an idea of what times Fleming was writing and what subculture he was coming from, which is the bourgeois, lounge culture. Morals started attenuating popularly with the hippies, but they became unfashionable with the bourgeoisie in the 1950's, the same as they did with the decadent aristocracy of yesterday.
He's not American and he was born and raised prior to the baby boomers turning western civilization into a low test feelings festival.
This song illustrates prevailing attitudes at the time pretty well, among that social class
 70'sIt wasn't until the 90's that a wife could have a husband chraged with rape in the U.S.
I've read Moonraker. It's my favourite of his novels so far. I noticed a significant portion of the second half was from the womans perspective and that he did not sleep with her in the endBut I felt this was a weird look into his mind:"He looked up. She was wearing a black beret at a rakish angle and that she look exciting and mysterious like someone you see driving by abroad, alone in an open car, someone unattainable and more desirable than anyone you have ever know. Someone who is on her way to make love to somebody else. somebody who is not you."There was also that paragraph about " 'I promise not to look' he lied." and him kissing her against her will and running off before she can berate him so she simply decides "that's his one" or somesuch.
No, you're talking about some particular states that held out until the 1990's. I mean anywhere in the U.S.
how is this not bloody obvious to youfor real, we're anon here, no need for this bullshitit's easier if everyone is like you
you can't even ask a barman for a jigger of rum. You have to ask for a jegro.Might actually have to read this if the rest of his ouvre is that witty.
Even then, MOST states still didn't have spousal rape laws until well into the 80's.
He also says she could probably trounce him in combat, which is completely out of character. Fleming's commentary on double standards of promiscuity in MI6 was also bizarre, in that it seemed disapproving.You've illustrated how Bond thinks, of course let's not forget he raped Pussy Galore out of lesbianism which he said was a product of women being confused by being allowed to vote, but what's weird is that in Moonraker, Fleming and Bond appear to diverge in thought; unusual, since Bond is basically just Fleming's idealized version of himself.
Yes Moonraker definitely stood out in how much "every-day-life" it seemed to convey. It was definitely his most grounded novel.
that picWhy do people assume that Christianity is built off the Ten Commandments first off? It's not. The laws in the Old Testament don't even matter to Christianity except what was reaffirmed. Even with that in mind:Genocide?Ever heard of "thou shalt not kill"?RapeOld Testament beats sexual immorality to death, which is reaffirmed with the New.“But if in the open country a man meets a young woman who is betrothed, and the man seizes her and lies with her, then only the man who lay with her shall die. But you shall do nothing to the young woman; she has committed no offense punishable by death. For this case is like that of a man attacking and murdering his neighbor, because he met her in the open country, and though the betrothed young woman cried for help there was no one to rescue her.Moses literally compares rapists to murderers.But that entire image could be answered by something Jesus said in a breath:36 “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?”37 Jesus replied: “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’[a] 38 This is the first and greatest commandment. 39 And the second is like it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’[b] 40 All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments.”Not trying to turn this into a religious thread, but you posted the atheist image in the first place and it was too dumb to not critique.
I find it weird that millenials find his stance weird.I'm the very extreme tail end of Gen X and even for us his views seem dated but not necessarily unusual.I guess to put it in context we had sex ed classes lecturing us on how date rape was actually a "real" crime and you shouldn't do it.To which many guys would laugh.I guess that's pretty odd by current standards.
In that book, Bond has to get a mudbath and a message at heath resort from a black guy, and he's in fucking agony when black hands touch him all over.That book as actually one of the weaker entries in the series, I'd say, except as campmuh gay assassinsmuh mobstersmuh cowboys
Where to start with Bond?
Bond is a prole who eats sandwiches in a cafeteria most of the time and pushes paperlaffin
At the beginning.
Just read the works in published order, dawg.
What about the rest of Fleming's catalog? Does it have funny jokes like that?I also thought this  was absolutely hilarious.
Probably shacks up with Wint. Some of these homos make the worst killers.Oh Felix
The datedness of them makes them all worth reading in that regard but it's not like they're a laugh a minute.The entire first half of Moonraker is about playing bridge. But half the chapters end on a zinger or random skywriting foreshadowing "hell is here... hell is here... hell is here..."
Bond watched the huge rubbery man, and his skin cringed at the thought of putting his body into the dangling pudgy hands with their lined pink palms.
Yes, but it's sometimes hard to tell when Fleming is joking and when he's serious. The book Bond is not elegant, he's just judgmental and fussy as fuck. He refuses to fuck a woman in Live and Let, for instance, because he has a broken pinky and he thinks that would get in the way of his technique. This for instance seems like some sort of joke, but Bond is consistently commenting on things in his head that are really petty and ridiculous. He would think you either have your sandwich with the crust on or off, and he would base his whole judgement of your character on some minor shit like that, or how you had your drink, etc. Just weird.
Well obviously a broken pinky would impede his ability to properly hold her. Best wait a week or so for it to heal.
Whether it was intended to be a joke or not isn't really important to me.The quotations, excerpts and allusions ITT have convinced me that this is exactly the kind of writing I would find humorous. He would think you either have your sandwich with the crust on or off, and he would base his whole judgement of your character on some minor shit like thatThis especially sounds like something I would find very funny, sounds very similar to the narrator in El Tunel for instance.
Oh yeah, he makes snap judgements about people left and right. And then he flips flops that opinion several more times before being presented with irrefutable evidence that you are in fact a bad guy.
My favorite part of moonraker was that the thing they had the most difficulty with in the government coverup was Drax spilling newspaper all over the road.
btw the relevant quote was "Habitual criminal. Larceny, mugging, rape - nothing big."
So Bond is basically Arnold Rimmer.
yes
Except macho. He's a combination of Dirty Harry tier machismo and Reverend Runt tier prissiness. Shame Oliver Reed never played him, he even had the attitudes on women to match.
I'm now imagining Arnold Rimmer played by Reed raping a lesbian straight while being worried about bread crusts.
Fifth and sixth commandment alongside of Paul explicitly saying that sodomites and pedophiles will burn in hell. And slavery isn't something we've ever gotten away from, there is more slavery now then ever. Just a different name.
Yes
Only ever read Thunderball as a young lad. Cannot remember much about it but enjoyed it some - picked it up because it's the best of the movies. Had no idea these were such comfy, politically incorrect, /manly/core novels. Will plough through them now.Who else is essential /manly/core other than Fleming, Chandler, and Updike?
I knew some kids who read these books on long vacation trips. Did James Bond assassinate MLK?
Start with the one in Greece
Why do you assume that people who promote multiculturalism are lying to themselves? Is it so hard to believe that people genuinely hold these views and that it's not just for the sake of looking PC?
Yeah but Fleming also has Bond insist that homosexuals can't whistle presumably because of all the cocks in their mouth and that sumo wrestlers can suck their testicles up into their body.Public School Boys are weird.
bond speaks his mind, is brash, assertive, cavalier. does what he wants, thinks how he wantssurprised when author emulates those traits.
Yes, actually.Well that, or they've never lived in largely colored communities.
It's hard to believe that any sane, rational human being honestly endorses multiculturalism because its failure is so manifestly obvious and the logic underlying its promotion is so insanely retarded.Unlike the other anon, however, I'm fully aware that some people are simply mentally ill and cannot reason tho.
Howard, the whole Conan the Barbarian and Solomon Kane series.You should prepare to feel mild homolust reading them.
Have you ever been poor? Have you ever had to live around poor black people? I came from the upper middle class and ended up poor as an adult. There was a time when I wasn't racist, but I am now. It's not even so much that I don't like black people. The reality is simply I don't want anything to do with them and they want absolutely fucking nothing to do with me. That's the way the world really works. It has nothing to do with how you were raised. It's a lot easier to be PC in an all white gated community when you personally don't have to deal with race that's all I'm saying.
is there any other lists like this as far as publishers go? are the barnes & noble leather bounds any good?
wordsworthnot belonging to "meme tier"
New Directions should be in High-Tier.Just as good if not better than Dalkey.
Barnes and Noble is poo poo memetier
Wait why aren't other universities up there?Harvard University Press' Loeb should at least be up there.
What makes the Penguin Classics shit tier?They're cheap, and mostly classics, what's not to like?
shit tierpinguin classics
Basically, they spoonfeed their readers. It's superior to discover the classics on your own by browsing used book stores
DoverShit tierFuck you, Richie Rich. For three bucks a pop, the quality ain't bad.
Get a load of this guy.
Take a moment to reflect on how laughably hipster you're being and try to curb that in the future.
implying other publishers don't often publish the same booksimplying you browse used book stores and discover books on your own Maybe you should get over your stupid 4chan quirks like trying to categorize everything as broadly bad or good. You are laughable as a human and your opinion sucks.
Itt: idiots who can't think for themselves who want to buy expensive editions of books they'll never read but still want to feel like their purchase wasn't a waste so they come onto /lit/ to circle jerk about pointless details
, 
Why don't you subscribe to pragmatism, /lit/? It'll dissolve all your problems.
class="quote"The New Yorker has done a write up on Gene Wolfe
Peter Bebergal a jewcritiquing a Catholic writeroh boy, of course it won't be biased
Wait, can you only critique writers of your own religious background?
he's not critiquing him
Get back to /poz/ with your identity politics!
they abuse knee-jerk identity politics just as much as the SJWs that they loathe yet they don't even see it. it's insane.
could some one copy paste that shit? I don't I can't bring myself to follow the link while my copy of the shadow and claw is looking at me.
thanks for headsupnot even worth reading
lol of COURSE the cringey stalkers are also the /pol/ retards
It's an article praising him for the superficial elements such as Matachin tower being a rocket. It's really not very interesting.The important thing is he got some recognition.
Haha nice postThis board will be tumblr in no timelord xD
The important thing is he got some recognition for superficial qualities of his storytelling?No m8 I'm all like "jew" and "nigger" too but I don't care about the bubbers tbh
Recognition as there was an article in a major magazine about him. That's the first step for readers to notice him. You can after that read up if you take an interest in him.
Honestly I'm that's better than what I was hoping. I half expected it to be attacked on about why he represents the misogyny inherent Science Fantasy. Which if I'm gonna be 100% honest it is a little hard to see how much Severian's low opinions of women is purely Severian.Having a major magazine recognise him is it as a talented author even for only for superficial reasons is cause for celebration
Do people even call his books misogynistic? There more I hear this, the more it seems like pre-emptive lashing out.
It's mostly people that haven't read them and have no intention of doing so that say that. Just repeating what they hear.
He's very misogynistic on a surface level read, and thinly veiled misogyny alert: those people who are most sensitive to the subject are typically surface level readers.
No, just trolls on lit. I find that too many anons sitewide are very confused as to what goes on in the world at large and what only happens on 4chan.Yall need ti leave moms basement more often
A couple of critics have yes but normally own in the typical 'it might seem sexist but it's really because reasons' disclaimer sense. He hasnt no real backlash for it because... well... He is a relatively obscure author even in science fiction and fantasy circles.Now if Oprah or some one mention him or HBO got their hands on it and it suddenly went mainstream you can expect 'was it rape' blogs is to come out of the woodworks.
What I'm asking is, do we have examples for that, or are we just hyperventilating because we can't shake the feeling that evil feminists will come and take our books away?Which probably says more about us than about either feminists or Gene Wolfe.
He is a relatively obscure author even in science fiction and fantasy circles.The article mentions Ursula K. LeGuin praising him as "our Melville", and she probably wouldn't say this about a misogynist, as she's probably the most tumblr-tier author /lit/izens are allowed to like. Face it, Wolfe isn't MRA rallying material. He's kosher.
i heard the book of the sun is metafictional and you're supposed to read something before it. what's the reading order then?
You've probably just misunderstood someone talking about the "preface". It's part of the book, no question about any reading order till you're done with the original book divided as 4 for publication
You could just read the book. It is good you know.But yeah it's set in a futuristic mediaeval world and written from the point of the protagonist who has an appropriately futuristic mediaeval view of women. That's about it. It really is no worse then your typical fantasy affair.Oh he also tortures people for a living. Just heads up.I don't think he is myself. And certainly wouldn't appreciate the New York saying it. I just could see a superficial reading from politically motivated genre snobs throwing the accusation around. For site traffic if nothing else.
I just could see a superficial reading from politically motivated genre snobs throwing the accusation aroundExactly, but no one actually did that. You're projecting.
I've actually seen quite a bit of that, except not from genre snobs, and sometimes even by people who overall praise him. I'm not going to look for those but I'm sure someone will link eventually
top 3 Stephen King novels /lit/? Help me, dunno which one should I read next.
Okay, let's discuss something we've all actually read. Most of us. I hope. So spoilers for the rest of you, I guess.George Orwell's 1894. Yes, we know it's about the big bad Reds. However, am I wrong in thinking it gets deeper into the issue? Namely, to the root: I think Orwell was actually attacking German Idealism, maybe even Hegel directly. There's a part in the  Ministry of Love  that piques my interest: when O'Brien is explaining his motives, he describes a view that he calls "collective solipsism." 19th Century idealism, anybody? It seems very similar to Hegel's End of History, except that it is based around the complete subjugation of humanity rather than its complete liberation. I think Orwell takes this as a motive for O'Brien's character: as he is able to shape the human mind, he is able to shape reality.Anything could be true. The so-called laws of Nature were nonsense. The law of gravity was nonsense. ‘If I wished,’ O’Brien had said, ‘I could float off this floor like a soap bubble.’ Winston worked it out. ‘If he thinks he floats off the floor, and if I simultaneously thinks I see him do it, then the thing happens.’ Suddenly, like a lump of submerged wreckage breaking the surface of water, the thought burst into his mind: ‘It doesn’t really happen. We imagine it. It is hallucination.’ He pushed the thought under instantly. The fallacy was obvious. It presupposed that somewhere or other, outside oneself, there was a ‘real’ world where ‘real’ things happened. But how could there be such a world? What knowledge have we of anything, save through our own minds? All happenings are in the mind. Whatever happens in all minds, truly happens.This isn't Marxism. This is pure Hegel. And Orwell, through Winston, acknowledges that this is insane. Completely insane. And yet, completely irrefutable. I believe the passages goes something like: "It is impossible to tell a madman that he is mad." There is a logic in all of this that only someone totally crazy could subscribe to. And when someone actually does invest their entire being into it, societally-mandated morality disappears. The only thing that exists is your mind, and other minds. From here, the prodigal Lord-Bondsman relationship appears. Hegel thinks that it will eventually be replaced by universal love, agape...but he's an idealist HA. Orwell obviously disagrees. If someone is crazy enough to completely denounce the existence of reality, then they might very well not be into the whole "peace and love" deal. Megalomaniacs would probably be the most common converts to this particular belief, and would love exerting power over their fellow man. The only way to exert power over someone is to make them suffer, in Orwell's own words.
Idealism is the perfect vehicle to rationalize the subjugation of others.
Nobody else?
Iv'e read Schopenhauer. Or atleast 2-3rds of his complete work. Schopenhauer makes sense. I thankfully avoided Hegel though because i had already spent much of my life reading indian mysticicm and was already "done" with a lot of nonsensical concepts. Here's Schopenhauer on Hegel: Schopenhauer despised Fichte and Schelling, but he hated Hegel and described him as ‘that clumsy and nauseating charlatan, that pernicious person, who completely disorganized and ruined the minds of a whole generation.’ On almost any square foot of ground in the landscape of his writings a geyser of wrath may suddenly erupt, spewing out imprecations against the same three men. ‘What was senseless and without meaning at once took refuge in obscure exposition and language. Fichte was the first to grasp and make use of this privilege; Schelling at best equalled him in this, and a host of hungry scribblers without intellect or honesty soon surpassed them both. But the greatest effrontery in serving up sheer nonsense, in scrabbling together senseless and maddening webs of words, such as had previously been heard only in madhouses, finally appeared in Hegel...’ Hegel, said Schopenhauer, was ‘a commonplace, inane, loathsome, repulsive and ignorant charlatan, who with unparalleled effrontery compiled a system of crazy nonsense that was trumpeted abroad as immortal wisdom by his mercenary followers...’
To be fair, just as many competent people consider Hegel to be a monument to the human capacity for thought. I think it comes down to whether or not you agree with his assumptions about humanity. For a long time, I thought Hegel was just word games, as grumpy uncle Schopy did. Maybe my outlook on life changed, maybe my fundamental being, but I read him again a few years later along with a commentary or two and it was as if I was being shown the trunk of a great tree, with its branches reaching into metaphysics, personal philosophy, culture, psychology, sociology, politics, art...The crazy nonsense was beautiful. It's the unintentional Finnegans Wake of philosophical works, if viewed with a fairly comprehensive knowledge of the subjects it influenced or just predicted, arguably and history from then on.
Foccault believed that Hegel already figured out the majority of modern thought.
Bump, I guess.No discussion?
he describes a view that he calls "collective solipsism." 19th Century idealism, anybody?No, not at all.This isn't Marxism. This is pure Hegel. No, you retard: it is pure Nietzsche. No one needs a critique of idealism, idealism is fucking dead. And it already was back in Orwell's day.
And Zizek is not an idealist?
Hell no. All marxists are materialists.
If Marx would be bald, they also became bald. Fools.
I know, right? What is it with marxists and their tendency of agreeing with Marx?
Actually, Zizek is from Slovenia.
Then why did Zizek write that dinosaurs didnt exist before humans?
citation pls
Because he needs money so he has to make his writing appealing by inserting quirky passages like this,
How could the English theater in the 1500-1600 be so superior to the Spanish theater? Comparing the plays of Shakespeare and his contemporaries with those of Lope de Vega and Calderón and his contemporaries it’s like witnessing a “fight” between a bear and a poodle. Even without Shakespeare the English plays are still better.What explains this great difference? I was thinking on things like the demands of rhyme in most of the Spanish plays and rhyme limits a lot your powers of expression and amplitude, the smaller scale of the metrics or even the greater weight of religion upon the back of the authors.
What metre did the Spanish playwrights use?
how could a single author be better than, let's say, two randomly chosen other authors from his time?
I was thinking on things like the demands of rhyme in most of the Spanish plays and rhyme limits a lot your powers of expression and amplitudeAnd all their words end either in -o or -a to boot
Remember, Titus Andronicus was Shakespeare's most popular play.Today there isn't one good rendition of Titus on film! Get that!
hexameter iircVega is pretty shit. If you consider Celestina a play, which it isn't even though it has the form of one, it's much better than much of Shakespeare. Barca's Life is a Dream as well.
What does hexameter fully indicate?Dactylic hexameter? Iambic hexameter?
If you can't speak both English and Spanish at in advanced level there your comparison is baseless
bump for interest
at in advanced levelLooks like yours is, too
If you can't cook you can't say that this chief wasn't as good as another chief
If you consider Celestina a play, which it isn't even though it has the form of one, it's much better than much of ShakespeareCan you quote some of the most beautiful passages, please :
What do you think of Diomedes and Pandarus in Shakespeare's Troilus and Cressida?
Yeah, that's why they get professional chefs to judge cooking competitions.
bump
What's wrong with the 1999 version.
The English language has the shittiest classics.
At least we have dank memes
In prose fiction, yes. That turgid shite from the 19th Century is awful. But British verse is bloody lovely. Think of Shakespeare, Milton and Blake; Chaucer, Spenser, Sidney, Marlow, Fletcher, Middleton, Webster, Jonson, Donne, Herbert, Marvell, Rochester, Dryden, Pope, Burns, Wordsworth, Coleridge, Keats, Shelley x2, Byron, Tennyson, Browning x2, Arnold, Rossetti x2...! Even the French can't boast of such a wealth.
Pretty much this
Even the French can't boast of such a wealth.While we're on the subject on national dick measuring, would any francophone care to offer a list of French poets equivalent in stature to the British ones named in the above post? Apart from the handful that have transcended national boundaries, such as Baudelaire and Rimbaud, it's hard for a non-francophone to gauge who was important and to what degree.
Balzac, Rabelais Whoever wrote "la Marseillaise"
prose fiction is better tbh
Racine
This anon doesn't know what's up.Balzac wrote some poems which aren't important in any way, just read his novels. Same for Rabelais.Both of these author's strength are not in their poems.Rouget de Lisle wrote la Marseillaise but that's about it.For actual interesting poets which the critic have studied frenchmen will come up to you and spit in your face if you can't recite some of the poets works: HugoMallarméRacineDu Bellais and Ronsard were part of the Pleiad, a group of seven poets around 1550La Fontaine for the dank fablesClassic tier: at this point you're knowledgeableNervalMusset, really good, read his theater if you read is poetryTheophile GauthierI'm adding Clément Marot which is a bit secondary but I've taken a liking to him because he writes well and he named the bus stop I take the bus at every dayBonus round tier:CorbièreApollinaireSaint John Persethe surrealists: google them there's a shitloadFrancis Ponge, If you're struggling with french it might be a good idea to read him prose poetry before any of the others.
frenchmen will come up to you and spit in your face if you can't recite some of the poets worksHaha holy shit what kind of place is France
I think he was talking about poets, not playwrights.
Islamic country. Most french teenagers can't even list 1/3 of the writers in that list
Just anyone who wrote verse.
Then Racine, Moliere, and Baudelaire are the three greatest.
Baudelaire great Take off Baudehack and add Corneille or Boileau then I would take your post seriously
Either pleb or troll.
seconding this. Baudelaire is often very romanticised. He was a NEET autist and wrote a entire book about how much he hated Belgium.He once went to India on a boat but didn't even go out of his cabin the entire time the boat was at quay in India. He often lost the strength in his legs because drugs and alcohol weakened him. Thus he more than once spent the night ass naked on the toilet, unable to stand up. That's when he wrote his poetry.One of these is false, guess which one.
False. Russians classics are boring motherfuckers.
blue board dude
realism isn't boring... i find it comfy
Thanks dude, I just got hired.
This
Most anglos don't even know that Hugo is considered primarily a poet in France.
French can boast of more, English language hasn't had as nearly as big of an impoact as French and Russian. It's only now that English is spoken by everyone has gotten so much attention.
Shelleyx2lolno
English language hasn't had as nearly as big of an impoact as French and Russian. It's only that English is spoken by everyoneCool story bro.
French can boast of moreThat wasn't even 1/4 of the list of the greatest English langauge poets, Anon..
Chaucer, Spenser,MarlowJonsonBabby's first early writers.This looks like a list of major names in British poetry on wikipedia, not a list of skilled poets. Half of those aren't worth a Hugo, Rimbaud, Veraline, Valery, or Baudelaire, not to mention the medieval and renaissance French poets you've probably not bothered to look into. Even the Italians have a list of poets which I would gladly put side by side with yours without any embarrassment, not to mention the hidden gems which exist in the Hungarian and Armenian cultures."British literature da indisputable best" is really just a matter of translation barriers and lazy nationalism.
I'm sorry but 90% of those poets can stand up to pretty much any poet in any language, wehther you like it or not
lolItalian poetry is by FAR the most influential, way more than French, who after classicism were derivative imitations of British and American Romantics they worshipped Emerson and Poe, for God's sake. And literally no-one outside Russia reads Russian poetry.
Actually Occitan poetry is the most influential.
Babby's first early writers.lol, just lol Chaucer alone was a revolutionary writer who brought personality back into European literature from Ovid.
This.Angry anglophones incoming
Those of us who are bilingual know that that's not true, anon.
And those of us who are at least trilingual know that it is...
And literally no-one outside Russia reads Russian poetry.No one outside of Italy ever reads anything outside of 3 Italian authors son
epig
hurrr my fav poets are better than your fav poets for... reasonsthe only way to have a reasonable discussion about this sort of thing is to root it in quantifiable criteria like stature and influence, otherwise you're just sperging out insisting that your taste is better than your opponent's
in the 2nd half of the 20th century, correct.
That's the whole point of /lit/ I'm pretty sure, Anon.
Please name some notable Early Modern English writers that were omitted. Really, I'm curious.
Half of those aren't worth a Hugo, Rimbaud, Veraline, Valery, or BaudelaireAnd none of those are worth a Shakespeare or Milton.
it in quantifiable criteria like stature and influenceYou already know why that's no good. Hell, most British scholars can't be bothered to check out Hugo's poetry or Huysman's novels. The only reason they even know of Rimbaud is that a group of American writers and musicians were highly influenced by him.You can't hold an international contest when the most influential universities are found in the US and Britain.Anyway, influence doesn't prove as much as you think, nor is the discernment thereof anymore a reliable metric than random opinions, as the amount of influence of a given writer is largely a matter of opinion which even academics can'ta agree on.
And none of those are worth a Shakespeare or Milton.What's your point? We all know how desperately British literature clings to those two. If not for them, the French would have already overtaken you, and the Italians and the Americans wouldn't be far behind.
British poetry would be worse if it's best authors, including the greatest author of all time, didn't existwow gee
it's not a list of skilled poets Are you kidding me? How contrarian at you?
British poetry would be worse if it's best authors, including the greatest author of all time, didn't existincluding the greatest author of all time?How would you know? Have you read the French greats in the original french? Or do you just think that anglo /lit/ is the end all be all?And my point wasn't about its best authors in general, but about the two geniuses who prop it up. If your nations entire corpus would immediately sink with the removal of one or two men, it's obviously not very strong.
the French would have already overtaken youActually, we overtook the French.
Actually, we overtook the French.
Anyway, influence doesn't prove as much as you think, nor is the discernment thereof anymore a reliable metric than random opinions, as the amount of influence of a given writer is largely a matter of opinion which even academics can'ta agree on.but at least it can be discussed constructively without just resorting to "hugo kicks tennyson's ass because i say so"
The French literary tradition predates the English literary tradition. Hell, for some time British literature was written in French.
And how do you know that Racine is better than Bongo Umbungo from Somalia? Do you speak Somalian?
How would you know? Have you read the French greats in the original french? Or do you just think that anglo /lit/ is the end all be all?It's not my opinion. It's the opinion of a great many people who did read the French greats in the original, such as Goethe, Hugo and Nabokov.And my point wasn't about its best authors in general, but about the two geniuses who prop it up. If your nations entire corpus would immediately sink with the removal of one or two men, it's obviously not very strong.Your point is nonsensical. Any literary tradition would sink without Chaucer, Shakespeare or Milton. They're world-renowned geniuses for a reason. The question might as well be why French literature hasn't produced anyone to rival them.
"how do you know god exists?""whoa how do you know anything exists at all xD"literally your mode of reasoning
shittiest classicsIf you think that English lit is shit you obviously aren't reading the right classics Chaucer, Shakespeare, Nabokov, Milton
. The question might as well be why French literature hasn't produced anyone to rival them.But it hasAnd your secondhand opinions are worthless tome, I can find British authors who disliked shakespeare, even many British intellectuals who thought the Greeks far outclassed him.Nice try though, Britfag
my individual examples I googled for outweigh the general critical consensus!ok
the current critical consensus in the Anglosphere has anything to do with the few Hugo or Nabokovgoogled the opinion of a few greats and then falls back on the ever changing opinions of le community
haha
the current critical consensus has been Shakespeare is the greatest for the past 2-300 years m8.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAFUCKING FRENHCUCKS THINK THEY'RE LITEARTURE MATTERSHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Brits being butthurt is one of my favorite things.btw english lit is still shit
Britbong prose fiction would be worthless without Ireland.
Brits aren't the butthurt ones. Anyone who claims Shakespeare is shit is butthurt to the point of retardation.
Think for a second about what you just posted, mate.
mate.This is so cringeworthy tbh
le you cant know the best book of all time if you haven't read every book ;
he hasn't read the entirety of the Western canon in the original languages
It has the best classics.
And literally no-one outside Russia reads Russian poetry.Say that to the Yesenin, Pushkin, Blok, Lermontov, Krangievskaya, Mayakovskiy etc. volumes on my shelves. Notwithstanding I have on my shelves a lovely, bilingual 800 years if italian poetry book as well. It's big.
English novels are pretty low on the overall rankings but English poetry is top notch. Stop being a contrarian faggot trying to deny that he wants to be sodomised by Shakespeare.
Nobody here knows why I'm right and they're wrong
Russian and French probably have better novels before the 20th century, but if we include the 20th century, English wins
But 20th century French novelists were the best.No ProustNo CelineNo MauriacNo RollandNo Drieu la RochelleNo Gide...
Who cares? Classic novels suck. I'd rather kill myself than read any of the bloated crap again.
Name a foreign author better than Thackeray.Protip: you can't.
Hi slash literature slash,I ordered this copy of Ulysses the other day but am wondering if I should have instead gotten an annotated version. I can't get a refund now, and the cheapest annotated version will cost me about 16$ I'm in Aus. I make no claim to be a genius, though I'm not completely retarded either. Are the annotations necessary?Thanks slash literature slash.
You won't understand it either way ausfag, there isn't any beer or rape or Ulysses.
no Ulysses in Ulysses, wow I am fucked 3deep5me
is the one I found, anyone used it?
Stahp
is the one, did you see? I can email it to you?
This is the cover, look.
It's really good and it does have notes for each page, they're just not directly marked in the text itself. But flip to the back and you will see translations, references, chapter intros and even analysis
:
It's fine without notes tbh, you just won't understand references which are for the most part not integral to a non-academic's potential enjoyment of the text
I found the annotations helped a lot. There were a lot of intricacies of early 1900s Irish culture that I would not have got. Stuff like one hundred year old business news or the fact that Irish women didn't attend funerals, unless they were very closely related to the deceased.
That's a good copy of it. Just read the damned thing.
thanks babe, *lick*
16$Do you really need to think about it this hard?
I have many monies, so yes and no.
Sup /lit/Can you recommend me some books about power, corruption, and lies?
any politicians biography
nostromo by Joseph Conrad It's basically a psychological/political tale of piracy and adventure.
Animal Farm is pretty short, clever and funny
Guess what book this is from "A stream of cum across my eyes"gOOd lUck hAVe fUn
Maybe it was the combination of everything, but this OP really made me laugh loud.
I am glad my friend, though my riddle stands unchallenged!
'It deserved rape by gorillas'What book is this from ?
The Canterbury Tales
OP's biography
gravitys rainbow
the key lies in the capital lettersOOIUAVUshould make this a lot easier, I've already guessed it.
I guess there's gonna be a few books with that phrase, it's not very specific.Ulysses, maybe?
Well done good sir, I shall name my first child "6657530" in your memory!
is this from Kim Kardashins biographical masterpiece?
what was the significance in Offred's mother being a crazy bitch feminist?I can't tell if Atwood is criticising that kind of radicalism, or criticising the next younger generation Offred's generation of being too complacent and not being pro-actively feminist enough to stop the revolution
I certainly can't say what the "significance" of some element in a book is, but in any case I have always thought that Margaret Atwood gets much, much more of a reputation as a "bitch feminist" than she actually deserves. I don't think she writes in such broad strokes. A lot of people have strong opinions about The Handmaid's Tale, and they project them onto the author unfairly. In other words, I don't think she was criticizing radical second-wave feminism or criticizing the sexually liberated generation. And she definitely wouldn't blame either for "the revolution" in the world of her novel. I think a book like The Handmaid's Tale would be incomplete if it didn't address all those different types of women, don't you? So I think Atwood is just writing what naturally and logically proceeds from her premise, as she usually does.
Don't you know /lit/ doesn't read female authors?
, 
Ask me anything about Hinduism. I'm a Telugu Brahmin grew up in US but still very in touch with culture. I've visited many of the famous temples of South India, bathed in the Ganges, and have had the good fortune to learn portions of the Vedas from a guru.
What do you think of Buddhism?
bathed in the Gangesaw gross dude
Is it true that Brahmin aren't allowed to touch the earth of a Jewish cemetery? Or am I thinking of something else?
My views on the matter are somewhat complicated, as while I am a Hindu, I personally respect all religions and believe they all have seek the same goal. I respect Siddhartha Gautama he was a Hindu Kshatriya himself and the philosophy he preached. However, I do not agree with Buddhism's rejection of the Vedas, and their intent to spread it among those who are dissatisfied with Hinduism. Conversion from Hinduism is something I discourage. Conversion to Hinduism is something I do not even believe exists.
How often did you step on human shit while in India?
ACCEPT JESUS OR YOU'LL GO TO HECK
That's actually mostly not trash, most of it is flower garlands and other puja items. But here's where I bathed in the Ganges. The water was quite clean; the dirtiness is mainly near Varanasi.
Never.I've stepped on dog poop in the US many times, though.
Why would Brahmins ever have had to deal with Jewish cemeteries before the British Raj?
How can you tell it's dogshit?
I'm not blind. The real question is, why can't you?
Interesting.I'm half Indian and a Buddhist myself, I was curious of what you thought of the matter.
What is best mantra for moderners?Thoughts on Chaitanya Mahaprabhu?asked to select all images of dead cooked cow in captcha :-S
Ask me anything about Hinduism.Who's radder, Rama or Hanuman
you know there've been Jewish diaspora communities in multiple Indian cities for thousands of years, right?tell me you don't honestly believe that the Raj just wholesale imported Jews, or that they were some insidious byproduct of the British occupation despite the centuries of fervent Christian evangelists who dictated the course of the BEIC's policy. please.i get the 'le indiea is a shithole' meme, it's partially true. but while we can always cherry-pick the present for its' worst, we can't just impose assumptions on the past without knowing dick about it.bah, this is pointless.tl;dr you know way less about India than you think you do. so do i and i used to live there
I'm a Smartha, not a Vaishnava, so I follow Adi Sankara. However, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu is a much more learned man than I can ever aspire to be, and his school of thought is most certainly valid. Also, what do you mean moderners? Do you mean modern Indian Hindus or whites trying to adopt hindu culture? The latter is something I do not encourage.
shut the fuk up m8
Bro I don't even hate jews. Also yeah, you got me, I didn't know there were small Jewish communities even before Brits. Nor would I, as I'm from Andhra Pradesh, where their population is pretty much nil. Honestly how many Indians in India have even seen a jew?
learned manSo not an avatar?what do you mean moderners?Modern people of any skin colour.The latter is something I do not encourage.For what purpose?
Does it matter whether you worship Vishnu, Shiva or Shakti or anything at all?
As a smartha, I worship all of them? Most lay Hindus do as well.
I mean in particular.
DUDE YOU'RE NOT CONSTANTLY PAYING ATTENTION TO THE CONSTANT PLIGHT OF G-D'S CHOSEN? THE MOST INNOCENT AND PERSECUTED RACE IN THE WORLD?NEONAZI ANTISEMITE MUSLIM SKINHEAD FASCIST!LITERALHOLOCAUST
sorry, i've become oversensitive to perceived /pol/baiting. was trying to word it tenuously to not necessarily imply that you hated Jews. don't need to discuss that now, but you can understand that a da j00zer would view a Jewish population in India as evidence of British collusion for blah blah blah.Honestly how many Indians in India have even seen a jew?not necessarily many. i was in AP too Sirsilla w00t, and Hyderabad was definitely not a spot where Hasidim would feel comfortable on the streets.the Jewish enclaves were mostly in coastal trading centers, and have almost totally vanished at this point, but they're mentioned in historical treatises and even respectfully quoted in religious polemic starting c. 500 CE.Rushdie's 'The Moor's Last Sigh' centers partially on a vanishing Jewish community in Madras if you're not a Sanskrit-nerd, though.
/pol/
see? couldn't even finish typing
DUDEHE DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE JEWSOH MYGODITS ANUDDA SHOAH
I'm not the faggot who got triggered because someone didn't know about the diaspora of the 6 trillion to Indiam-muh native jewish community
holy shit, you're the fucking paranoid one here.
knew i shouldn't have said anything...sorry to have drawn bad karma on your thread. just a guy fascinated by the interplay of cultures in India. 'night.
My vague knowledge of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu was that he was a famous Krishna Bhakta. I'm from Andhra, so I don't know much about him.As to the other point, I believe that you can only be born Hindu to be Hindu. I do not believe it is the only path that can lead you to salvation, nor does the religion itself imply that. However, I feel caste, family traditions, and regional cultures and history all have an immense influence on practicing Hinduism, and this is something non ethnics do not have. While many of them are well meaning, they cannot integrate themselves into a religion that simply has no place for them. Most famous temples also ban entry to whites Gokarna for example to discourage this. A lot of people were sold some pretty convincing nonsense back in the 70s, and they won't stop bothering us, and mainly, aping us.In terms of simple mantras, any namasmarana should suffice honestly. Or learn to sing some bhajans.
Honestly I don't think they've ever really had a large impact on India culturally. The only foreign religious group to leave an actually solid influence were the muslims, bc of Mughals and Nizams. Christians are people you sometimes see I guess.
Not even him but you're the one pointing fingers in the dark and then acting high and mighty when people call you out on your shit, when you're actually the bad karma yourself.You don't do the Jewish people any favors by being a paranoid ass.
not a lasting one, no, that's why they quietly dwindled to nothing. that's why i find their existence interesting, and particularly that an untouchable religious group with zero connection to Vedic culture would even be mentioned in spiritual matters. shows that even the clerical talking classes occasionally heard each other out. which, if you've read any Buddhist-Jain-Hindu flamewars over nonsensical doctrinal points in ultimately unimportant periods of history, is heartening.
I agree with your reasons why non-Hindus can't be Hindu, but what should I do if I find Hindu theology more convincing than Abrahamic theology?
they cannot integrate themselves into a religion that simply has no place for them.Agree with this 100%. Now what the fuck is your group doing in a foreign country?
Me personally, I'm studying Bioinformatics at a US News Top 30 Ranked University. I see no reason why this goes against my statement. India itself is a country of many religions.
I honestly don't know. Read about it I guess? There's a fine line between studying and practicing. But as long as you don't do any Pujas I think you're good.
Would you be okay with various institutions here banning you then?
at a US News Top 30 Ranked University.What the fuck, why would you brag while answering questions about your religion?
What institutions? Like non-religious ones? No. But if someone told me I couldn't enter some church I'd be fine with it. I don't know what I'd do in a church anyway. I visited a few in Montreal and it was awkward AF.
I think my jimmies were a bit rustled when that guy told me to gtfo the US.
yeah brah, fuck niggers!
How is conversion treated?What do Indian Hindus think of westerners who try to/do convert?
Okay, thank you. You seem a lot smarter than the usual people that come here. Where were you educated?
do you follow the abstinences?
What do you think of Evola and sartri devi and those assholes?
I answered this question here.Honestly I think it's an uncomfortable experience for everyone involved. The westerner tries to fit in as much as possible because they've gone too far and need to prevent cognitive dissonance, while everyone else awkwardly tries to avoid the westerner because conversion isn't a real thing. There are of course, always opportunists who will bank on the westerner's poor understanding of Hinduism to make a quick buck.
Yes, pure vegetarian and virgin until marriage kek.
Are you asking if my brown eye is open?Only until my feces escaped the wheel of samsara will I finally be free
Public school in the Northeast US. I also accidentally bragged about my college education in another post kek.
Thank you for answering, that has always been one of the odder parts of the religion for me.How often do you have to deal with them?When it comes to being born an Hindu is it based on parental/materal decent or is it about actually being born in India?
Isn't Hinduism based on a caste system and therefore you can't really convert to it?
Both your parents have to be Hindu. People who follow tradition only marry people of the same language within the same caste still gives you a couple million people to choose from. Being born in India isn't a requirement, but you have to be fullblooded. Also caste follows the same rules, otherwise you're just some intercaste kid. not that that actually hurts you economically or anything nowadays.I've run into a fair share in the U.S. Usually they stick to their outdated 60s and 70s style retreats and ashrams, and don't show up in normal temples. Most aren't bad people at all. Just misguided. ISKCON was big on converting these guys back in its heyday.
Yes. I've addressed it a couple times in this thread.
ISKCONHow do other Hindus as well as yourself view them? Over here I recall them being rather abusive and controlling towards their members when they werent bagging drums and singing in the steets.
Good that they encourage vegetarianism, but honestly I REALLY disagree with the whole message of spreading Krishna Consciousness. It's not Hinduism now and hasn't been for quite some time. Hinduism is as much a way of life as it is a religion.It's shocking how many of their adherents in the US were boomers who got sold on the Hare Krishna mantra through LSD in San Francisco. Drugs are quite abominable from my point of view, and hippies made a mockery of a religion.
Thanks, How is the state of Hindu religion in general going Is it too starting to see the same heavy decline that the Christian Church is seeing in the west?
No one "leaves" Hinduism, especially in India, because it's what you are. It's like saying you're no longer going to be Indian. Wait, nevermind, in the US that does happen. It's disturbing how many Indian expatriate parents are afraid to teach their kids religious traditions or get them to take our culture seriously, because they're too focused on integrating into American culture. Many Indian kids raised in the US can't even speak their mother tongues. A lot of kids get whitewashed completely. However, there are still places where it's going strong, and when I build a family, it will be based around the same ideals as those I was raised with.
Will you have an arranged marriage?Is it difficult to find a women with similar views to yours?
I will most likely have an arranged marriage. Which is more similar to the old world courtship scene depicted in The Godfather. And I hope it's not too difficult. In India, it definitely won't be. But I'm still not sure if I'll actually marry someone who grew up in India, because I grew up here. Finding someone with my views here is probably more difficult, especially when you factor in the fact that I can only marry someone of my caste and language/regional affiliation.
ding someone with my views here is probably more difficult, especially when you factor in the fact that I can only marry someone of my caste and language/regional affiliation.Is fraud a big issue in that respect? Do people often try and fake caste and regional affiliation?
Uh I really don't think so. What advantage would it provide you? Besides, those people would most likely want to marry someone of their own caste and regional affiliation.
how do the castes work?is there a caste-less caste?have you heard of neem?
tell me if you find the ascetism appealing, if you practise it, how do you do it in detail.also, talk about your method of meditation if you have one.
Why would you discourage conversion from Hinduism? What do you think is a distinctly Hindu insight worth preserving?
What do you think of Perennial philosophy? Specifically Guenon and Evola.
What languages do you know?
Bragging about and comparing your education to others is a part of Hindu culture that you would never understand, ignorant whitey!
1. your favorite book2. your favorite animethe bible here
I want Asuka to dominate me and call me worthless until she lets her guard down then I fuck the shit out of her
we all do my friendwhat's your favorite book and anime?
NeuromancerAsuka is my favourite anime.
i can't be the only one who hates anime here
he said, shitposting on an anime imageboard
Phenomenology of Spirit or Paradise LostAsuka
implying this board is about that degeneracy
People who don't like or know or care about anime aren't posting in the thread.I can't even name an anime, tbh.
It's got every other kind in spades.In for a penny, in for a pound, as they say.On-topic:Shardik - Richard AdamsJin-Roh Wolf brigade
ABSOLOM, ABSOLOM!Monogatari series
You're not alone. Degeneracy everywhere.
journey to the end of the nightperfect blue
degeneracy/pol/ lads, there's a containment board just for you
I'm afraid internet colloquialisms won't fix your unhealthy existence
spook_town.avi
Infinite JestUltra Maniac
Tristram ShandyVenus Wars
nice on both
Yeah, what the hell.1.The Quiet American.2. Uchū Senkan Yamato 2199.
willful disobedience and to love ru
1. Gormenghast2. Hunter x Hunter, if only for Killua and its soundtrack
Zarathustralain
Runner up for me was Night on the Galactic Railroad, if you wanted fiction.
I don't know who labeled Zarathustra as an essay, but it's very fine fiction alright.1. Les chants de Maldoror2. Evangelium
Anne of Green GablesWings of Honneamise
Bakemonogatari Infinite Jest
The Gay SciencePonpoko
1. The Brothers Karamazov 2. Legend of the Galactic Heroes
Brothers KaramazovSeinfeld
1. À Rebours2. Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
The Holy InnocentsI have seen just two pieces of anime: Akira and Perfect Blue.
If you enjoyed Perfect Blue you should definitely check out Satoshi Kon's other films. Tokyo Godfathers and Millenium Actress are both masterpieces of animation.
Your choice of book sounds interesting.And those are both pretty good pieces of animation: Satoshi Kon, who directed Perfect Blue has some other notable works to his name.
Beaten to the punch.Or. . . . Hivemind?
1. The Divine Comedy 2. Anne of Green Gables
The Complete Shakespeare.hack/SIGNS
Brave New WorldTexhnolyze
Marlowe's playsMagical Girl Madoka Magica
Why are her arms so long?
Naruto.Lord of the Rings.
masterpieces ofOnly 5 year olds speak like that
Leaves of Grass
Gravity's RainbowAkira
What are books do you like?
johnny got his gunflcl does magical realism better than marquez
Brothers KaramazovYu Yu Hakusho
I'll hold your hand anon.
Brothers Karamzov Seinfeld
Lolita.
1-Red Pear's Grief not released yet2-Ergo Proxy
How so?
Ergo ProxyPseudo-philosophical rubbish.
Life is pseudo-philosophical rubbish for me. Ergo Proxy best represents that.
Oughtn't the point of this thread be to identify the stylistic and thematic similarities, or even more nuanced connections, between posters' two choices? For example, the common theme of antagonism as a requirement for culture in 
Ma nigg  Seventeen Contradictions David Harvey for now GITS
The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine by Ernest Hemingway. Cowboy Bebop.
Perfect Blue is his only solid film. His other stuff looks nice but storytelling-wise and thematically are a mess.
I'd agree that Paprika is a narrative mess and arguably his worst film. But Tokoyo Godfathers and Millenium Actress are both solid films with amazing storytelling. I honestly don't see how you could like Perfect Blue and not like Millenium Actress.
favorite bookCities of the Red Nightfavorite animeDesert Punk
I like some of the miyazaki films, and akira was so good I took the time to find the Manga and read it. But yes, overall anime is garbage. book of the new sun  I guess porco rosso.
Just like every other medium ;^
HyperionNagato Yuki-chan
preferring mangas over animeThere has never been a good manga adaptation of an anime, EVER.
there has never an anime adapted from a manga that surpassed its source material
perfect blue and paprika are basically the same.
Brothers karamazovGhost in the ShellManga is not bad, movies are good, Stand Alone Complex is amazing - I watch the whole series about once a year. Fun note, the revolutionary literature of Patrick Slyvester in the 2nd season is based off Mishima, they could not use his name and work for legal reasons
Critique of Pure Reason K-on
Fitting.
Augustine's Confessions
having 4 cans fall on your head would actually hurt like hell.
One Hundred Years of Solitude.
What is Aria?I just started getting into reading so ... 1984Pic is my favorite anime
Not at all.
tai peh by tao lindragonballZ
kill yourself
I like Madoka, but this isn't even 1/10 bait.
My pool of books are really limited tbh.
Don't have favourite book per se so let's just say Echopraxia and GITS
implying dragonball isn't god tier and basically one of the main reasons anime got popular in the westimplying tao lin isn't the most interesting prose stylist of his generation
AriaSurpassing the source material
that 10/10 music and VAMy only complain is that they didn't animate my favorite manga chapter
The anime is visually subpar compared to the manga art. The manga fully captures the beauty of Neo-Venezia.
Modoka is unironically one of my favourite animes.stylish art directionflawless pacinggreat build upsatisfying conclusionAnd then rebellion happened.
I agree but you cant deny the music especially those by Chrono Club contributes to the GOAT atmosphere of Neo-Venezia. It is a whole new level that the manga can't really compete in. It is especially so for Aria since it has always been about the atmosphere and the setting
The hobbitNeedless.
is there any other anime as good as modoka?
Sure, I listen to the soundtrack while reading the manga though.

Absalom, Absalom!Haibane Renmei
Nichijou was breddy gud.
This better be bait, there are tons better: Utena, Tatami Galaxy, Texhnolyze, Angel's Egg, Mononoke series

coelho-tier-just-do-it!
"The plot must go back on!"Eh
I liked rebellion for the animation and music. Loved how Sayaka and Nagisa can interact and wield their witch form. Ending is rather conflicting for meAssuming QB would be able to manipulate Madoka eventually, then Homura did nothing wrong. But Madoka will probably forgive Homura IF S2 comes. Really hope S2 comes That is a decent compromise I guess.Aria.
implying dragonball isn't god tier and basically one of the main reasons anime got popular in the westNo one cares. muh popular must mean something besides popular
All the best animes are based on books and light novels.
that wasn't the argument
1.The Beach2.Berserk
You're supposed to read Berserk baka.For me I'll say Rose of Versailles and In Search of Lost Time.
120 days of SodomMidori: Shoujo TsubakiFavorite manga: Les Fleurs du Maledge/10?
k-onstopped reading
Anime for the EliteApproved by WeebteamWhat's next, Fast Food for the Foodie, Approved by Suburbanite Slobs?
being so insecure that you can't enjoy low-brow entertainment
Whoever made that list has either bad taste or is a kid.
Mother NightGhost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex
Its new sincerity.
One Hundred Years of Solitude Paranoia Agent
Blood Meridian
Not the biggest fan of that list, but I'm glad they understand which Full Metal Alchemist series is superior
They're both shit. Shounen shit.
Snow CountrySpice and Wolf
Short History of Decay.
1. East of Eden2. Shinsekai Yori
1. Labyrinths2. Angel CopVery nice.
Lain/Non Non Biyori/Eva/Ping Pong/Tatami Galaxy in equal measure.
1. Don Quixote2. The Tatami Galaxy

1. I dont have one, i have several2. I dont have one, i have severalthese two posts are a double match though
Mason & DixonTrigun
1. Mason and Dixon2. pic related
UlyssesFLCL
The Stars My DestinationPlanetes
mind gameulysses
Tatami GalaxyMah fuckin niggas.
Rebellion is bad. Full stop.
mon negro
Blood Meridian
whot's yore favorite anime bookthey are colled mengos
why?
Watership DownSora no Woto
Not One Piece
1. A Confederacy of Dunces2. Tokyo Godfathers
Tractatus Logico-PhilosophicusWatamote
Anime is absolute garbage and not worth your time.The other day on /tv/ i destroyed some f/a/ggot with several paragraphs of anime beatdown, i wish i had saved it
thinks anime is garbagewatches tv and films
FoundationSpice and Wolf
Very true, there's more shit anime than good and it's the same with books. So much shit.
How does it feels like knowing the anime is complete garbage?
Eh, it's better than The Fall of Hyperion.
LainDark Tower: Then GunslingerThe pretentious litcore fag in me wishes this wasn't my favorite book, but it is. I reread this shit every year. It's the best damn shit in the world.The other day on /tv/ i destroyed some f/a/ggot with several paragraphs of anime beatdown, i wish i had saved it Several paragraphs, here? Yeah, you're not a retard at all.
Death Note, really?
Siddhartha, Steppenwolf, In Search of Lost TimeMushishi
This book is awesome. Where do you find obscure horror lit or other obscure contemporary lit?
fake n nobody can make a book this bad
Some are labelled as "bizarro". Usually Z-movie grade, but Cameron Pierce isn't too bad.
How do I start with philosophy?I always hear 'start with the greeks!'but which greek?which work?please be more specific for my little brain please.
Someone post the google doc - It explains everything m8

Watch the Animatrix, then the Matrix trilogy, and then Ghost in the shell trilogy, if you are not interrested by then, give up
So, what is holiness?
Yomamas ass
Holiness, inside a religion, is adherence
Quads.
If your translation actually said "holiness" instead of piety go and buy another
But it's a penguin classic
Adherence to what?
Being more than human
Black or cream cover? My PC translates it as piety
This one.
As a kid I used to play with Bionicles. They were the only form of Lego I had. This left me with trauma you can't even imagine. Lego blocks are the best kind of toy a kid can have and I didn't have any. Now, instead of reading books, I'll play with Legos. This is my life now. This is what I want.
Yeah the 2010 version has a different translator.
Playing with the logos though is far more rewarding than lego.
It would seem that European medieval metaphysics assert for the necessary nature of an Abrahamic-like God, thus dismissing the reality and/or the importance of other divine concepts from other religions. Is there any room to still assert the authority in metaphysics of other forms of theism outside of the medieval understanding?
please
Uh, I dunno maybe? Sorry your thread isn't getting any replies. Maybe summarize some of the arguments you're referring to so I have something to go off of?
Other forms of theism except the crassest forms of polytheism embark upon the same project as Classical Theism in ways that are defective to various degrees, whenever they talk about ultimate reality. Parmenidean Pantheism, Buddhist Unconditionedness, even the modern notion of "matter" as the foundational reality in materialism are attempts to approach this reality, so these conceptions would not necessarily be devoid of insight, though of course they're all inferior conceptions of being itself. As a classical theist, then, I would acknowledge some importance to these concepts, though I would regard them as inferior concepts.So the answer to your question depends on what you mean by "room to assert." Within the medieval synthesis, there is no room for any but God at the apex of metaphysics- all that the alternatives, insofar as they are serious alternatives, amount to is a poor or incomplete account of the truth. In less- correct systems, of course, something else will occupy metaphysical pride of place, and in that sense, within those flawed systems, there will be "room to assert" an alternative concept to classical theism.
Christ just type like a normal person, this isn't an essay.
What do you mean by that? It's not hard to read.
yes it is.
Nope.Metaphysics is all unknowable bullshit
the authority in metaphysics
how do u know
If you don't know being qua being, you don't know anything. Metaphysics just tries to bring out that implicit knowledge into something coherent.
As the other posters pointed out Parmenidies presents a radical alternative likewise there is the arguments of the neoplatonists and the gnostics.
I don't normally browse /lit/ but after tonight, I definitely will more. Just wondering what everyone's opinions on this book are.
Percieved superiority is just a coping mechanism.Sure, if you buy into it then it can work for you."Better" is just an abstraction though.There is no superiority that isn't contingent on context and situational appropriateness.For instance, you may say a man is "superior" to an ape, but if you strand a man naked alone in the jungle, then he will die, wheras an Ape will not.
tfw you realize most of the best authors came from upper class upbringingthey could pursue it because their way of life was already paid foryou're an english major 2nd generation americannothing interesting has happened to younobody to support youWhy am I so fucked
allowing /lit/ memes to destroy your dream
learn to write and:commit a horrific crimeorjoin the armyorbecome homeless orwellorread the stranger 5X fastorororor
Second generation is still establishing a foothold. Better put that English degree to use by making a bunch of money in business or law so your kids can have the freedom to be artists if they choose.
business or lawaka bore yourself to death with Jews and wage slaves all day.
Is that thread deleted or something?nothing interesting has happened to youIf you have nothing to write, don't write. Go find something fun to do. Maybe do part time editing or teaching work somewhere.
Very selective examples of authors being from well to do families means nothing. Are you implying that nobody poor was ever successful? The best selling author of all time was poor; despite being a hack. Besides, if you are promising and splendid enough a person you can find a benefactor. Start working on yourself
jokes on you I can write stories purely from intellectual masterbation
Some people actually do have the temperament and intelligence to rise to the top in those professions and enjoy it, believe it or not. If you don't live the lavish lifestyle, you can become wealthy and then choose what to do with yourself. Getting into those fields and then becoming the ultimate luxury goods consumer will eat you alive and leave you no better than where you started, but an able man can buy his freedom and freedom for his children.
Why have you not joined the army /lit/?
Sounds like someone just wants to invent reasons why succeeding is 'impossible' and give themself a reason to give up before ever really starting.
Shit pay and authority issues but prob won't be able to read as much
There are too many assumptions in your post that have little to do with reality.
If you don't have the temperament for STEM, then your best chance for earning a large income is in finance/law/business. If you don't spend it all, you can save it. Whether you enjoy doing that is up to you. What part of that is false? He's already in university so we know he's not completely out of the game.
Is law the most meritocratic career field in terms of being able to break into a high paying career track? I may be wrong but I understand that the LSAT is considered massively important in admissions, more singularly important than one test is for any other post-grad program. I have a friend who goes to a top 10 law school and says that even a graduate from a mediocre state university and no impressive "accomplishments" can get into a top ranked law school with an extremely high LSAT score.
material to write abouttime to thinkfree educationdiscipline to writewhy aren't you in the military
why not be a highschool teacherthat starting salary can't be that bad
It might be if you don't go to a top-30 university for undergrad. My understanding is that you'd best go to a top 14 or top 7 depending on who you ask law school if you want to make big money. If you're at an elite undergrad, though, finance and tech handsomely reward people with good mathematical and coding skills who aren't totally autistic.
Is law the most meritocratic career field in terms of being able to break into a high paying career track?kek, no. The only people I know from my school who are making good money in law are people whose parents have their own partnerships. Everyone else is making shit money, grinding at the bottom.
lmao yes it can, and it won't rise by very much at all with seniority, nevermind that you'll most likely be babysitting underclass shitlets while a risk-averse administration keeps you from doing anything to do any good for the little bastards. The cruelest part is that if you're amazing and make the right connections you can teach at elite private schools with kids who care and can sit still for half a minute, where you will be payed EVEN LESS than public schools and forego your pension.
payed
Was it a top 14 law school? I know the market for lawyers from middling law schools is terribly saturated, but I understand it that top grads from top law schools can still do very well pretty easily.I've been thinking about law school lately. I went to a mediocre state school and though I have a high GPA didn't really do anything "impressive" that grad programs care about. But I'm pretty confident I could score perfect or very near perfect on the LSAT. That 'kind' of thinking comes very naturally to me. I'm told that a high LSAT score, as long as it's really high, matters a lot more than anything else in admissions, and with my mediocre background there's no way I'd be able to get into an elite post-grad program in anything else other than being able to score very highly on one test.
I assume you're not a negro or injun?
Correct.
Well, the worst that can happen is you don't get in. Work or volunteer with lawyers if you can, and take the LSAT. Good luck brah. Don't forget to staple a twenty to your application.
I was in your position years ago. You can make money with a law degree, that "saturation" just means there are more bad lawyers. If you are a good lawyer you will be fine.My advice to you however, is this: make certain that you want to do law as your work. getting a law degree is a lot more debt than just an undergrad. You cant get a law degree then go travel etc, and pay it off. You almost certainly need to practice law; and you will be doing so for quite awhile. If you are interested in law just as a way of legitimizing yourself and seeming accomplished its not worth sacrificing your life just to keep an appearance. Really look into what law work entales and what you would want to do/specialize in. Good luck deciding your life anon. If its not for you don't do it. Not going to law-school is the best decision I ever made.
Lawyers are depicted so badly though, it's really off-puttingeither money hungry jews, spineless wimps. grossly incompetentor literally Satan
is this an extension of the previous "whut do with future thread" I'm a Bio major but apparently that's a really horrible thing to doso yaaaay
Yea, but the real world is not TV. Like. if you want people to commend you, becoming something like an immigration lawyer is hard to openly hate. While it is possible to be a money hungry jew lawyer, most normies just dont understand the basic principles of law. "hurr why are you defending that obviously guilty criminal, for money? dont you know he's guilty?" etcalso prepare to have people ask you for free legal advice for the rest of your life. being a lawyer is like being in IT in that respect.
Basically this. People resent those who make more than they do, so if you're not the white knight riding to the rescue and are well compensated you'll be hated by the poors.
why shouldn't lawyers be hated? they're the ones who're effectively guarding the capitalist class from any, even mediocre, comeuppance within bourgeois legality. they're as worthless as police scum.
still believing in working class revolution If we don't invent our way out of capitalism we will never get out. The fucking "revolution" is never coming.
You're not some Donna Tartt, Bret Easton Ellis, F. Scott Fitzgerald type, but pursuing a job and writing on the side - and then getting published - is not unheard of.That and if you are from a non-white immigrant family you can make at least some money writing about your experience as an ethnic minority.
I'm not non-white enough and all 3 of my names are too english/europeannot sure what you're trying to say
working class revolutionmediocre, comeuppance within bourgeois legalitypick one.and any inventions will just be commodified and subsumed under capitalism. technological utopianism is as worthless as the revolutionary idealism
Speaking as a South Floridian, every lawyer I have ever met or seen on a sign or heard on the radio sounds slimy as fuck. They all look sleazy. The lawyers are stuck in these small ass buildings with tiny firms, the exact opposite of cool or desirable. Most lawyers seem to barely be making any profit.It's understandable nobody respects them
What's the alternative? "This person is guilty because he's rich"?
honestly if you were this easy to defeat you have no place inspiring the minds of others with your unique interpretations on existance
I joined the army because of Valkyria Chronicles!
fuck off
The reason people hate lawyers is because most people are so bound to ideological bias, crude bluntness, and only being able to parrot that bias that the thought of someone who is able to articulate multiple arguments whether or not they believe those arguments scares them. Many people tend to fear what they don't understand, and it's people like that, who don't think in depth about rhetoric or debate or how to construct an argument, who see lawyers as some sort of modern day evil sorcerers using the dark magic of rhetoric and argumentation.
look at me I know the trendy S word
That's one way to see it. I believe people mostly resent lawyers because their existence allows rich people and corporations to get away with murders.
ThisYour economic standing isn't holding you back OP, it's your own mentalityStop being so fatalistic and realize a man must strife to become great
tfw you realize most people don't live in your countryWhy am I a tourist
strive
yo dawg, just breaking it down here:They weren't able to write because they had so much free time as a result of being upper class. They wrote because upper class people are selected for intelligence and cultural nous. And then so are their kids. Even if yo be poor as shit, it's always been a case of being good enough to get some patronage. And dedicated enough so you can spend your non - working hours writing, or skimp on your working hours. Anyone who is going to be a writer would be able to do one of the above.
2015not being richnobody cares about your dumb sob story anyway Adebe
So much for the engaged writer at the pinnacle of the society, the intellectual who sees clearly the trends in the society, in position to expose the lies of governments, to analyze actions according to their causes and motives and often hidden intentions.So much for someone who meddles in what does not concern him, always an outsider, living in self-imposed exile, and on the margins of society. So much for the one who speaks to, as well as for, a public, necessarily in public, and is properly on the side of the dispossessed, the un-represented and the forgotten.does it feel to be a considered as a good obedient pet ?
/pol/ cares what sjws think
i don't think art is about shocking the bourgeoise anymore. they simple can't be shocked anymore./lit/ can be edgy sometimes, of course not much compared to other boards, the edginess never leads anywhere though.for the most part, people here do see through scientism, political correctness, liberalism, and other cancerous trends, but we don't have the words to convince anyone or say anything that hasn't been said already. if i did i sure as hell wouldn't be wasting time on /lit/.
/x/the real world
Wow this was made by someone who spent maybe five minutes on 4chan. Some of the boards they threw under 'very harmful' just for having porn are much more SJW-friendly than many of the boards in the lower tiers. And /cgl/ is one of the most toxic boards on the site lol. It's got some SJW types but also a lot of /r9k/-tier stuff, and just bitches continually backstabbing each other.And /lit/ is too low. Sure you've got the mindless Marxist drones and even some people who buy pretty heavily into Social Justice dogma, but a lot of us don't and so threads related to political and social topics would trigger anyone who uses a wiki to gauge the toxicity of sites before visiting them. Plus we mostly talk about dead white guys.But at least now we know why there's been an upswing of far-left retards on this board lately.
They're simply unaware of what actually goes on here. This list was made by someone going board by board, seeing what was on the front page, and asking themselves "am i triggered right now?" /lit/'s esoteric, hermetic board culture revolving around DFW, Pynchon and Stirner would not arouse suspicion in the layman, but upon closer examination we are just as foul as everyone else.
In case you couldn't tell by the picture of Sam Harris on the homepage or the touchy choice of words, that wiki is tongue-in-cheek.
i don't think art is about shocking the bourgeoise anymoreIt never was, the best art was made by the bourgeoisie.
So much for someone who meddles in what does not concern him, always an outsider, living in self-imposed exile, and on the margins of society.
well done
Poor fucking Katie wouldn't agree.Fashion is also hateful and daft as fuck.True about Food&Cooking board, though. I feel full and happy just scrolling through it. :'3
letting a 2/10 bait thread trigger you this hardplayed like a bitch
I have panic attacks when people make fun of me on the internet LOL
Sorry I if got triggered. Just thought it would be funny to post NIGGERS in this thread
tfw mostly post on harmless boardstfw all posting in the few moderately harmful boards I post on is in wholesome generalsFeels good being nice tbh :
How are the porn boards harmful at all? Is it just because they're porn that they think it's bad? Because really the porn boards are the most friendly, have you ever seen someone arguing on any of the porn boards?
reported/d/, /gif/ and anywhere with sexually desperate users argue plenty.
I don't mind the marxists. All major literary and political thought should constitute the cornerstone of discussion on this board. I have noticed an influx of sjw posting, however. You can't make certain commonplace 4chan jokes without causing a shitstorm these days, and, as a result, it's now incredibly easy to kill entire threads. They're easy as fuck to spot as well because they'll direct you to /pol/ for posting maymays which aren't even commonly posted there.
Visit /hm/Twinks hate bearsBears hate twinks.It's just a mess.
abusing pornographyyear of our lord 2015
not being a hedonist
This./soc/ is just people flashing genitals./tv/ is pedophile advocacy
I finished high school years ago.
abusing shitpostingyear of our spectrum 2015
Porn is just too good to be safe.
Right? Isn't accepting and indulging in human sexuality one of the main tenets of cultural marxism?
I don't mind all of the Marxists but some of them are so set in their ways that there's no real discussion that comes out of it, they just appeal to Marx as some kind of definitive authority. It gets pretty annoying. I think these types tend to overlap with the SJWs.
Nah I was just thinking people there are too horny to bother arguing.
Very disturbing culture
this for sure.that meme pic with guys sitting roundtable and working together instead of fighting whenever the topic is porn is scary accurate. all anon stop fighting become brothers in arms over it.
shitpostingMy post was 100% genuine my friend.
Your text was 100% greentext my friend.imo literally tbh.

/g/least harmful/tv/safe for work/a/, /jp/very harmfulbtw, please stop posting shit threads like this
2 references totalwowsuch objectivityvery informedmuch reliable
cucked
Remember to report shitposting.
toxicThis is probably my least favorite word in the world.
Where do I start with Christian mysticism?
The best way to start with christian mysticism is to go into a remote cave and put a stoneblock infront of the entrance and stop eating. Now stay there for 30 days in complete darkness only eating the various insects and rats shifting around in the cave.I can't however guarantee that youll experience /christian/ mysticism, but youll experience some kind of mysticism depending on what kind of religious iconicism youre most influenced by.
Ive done that but now i wanna read books about it
You tipped your fedora a little too hard friend, I suggest going to the hospital.
Of course you do. Stay pleb.
Prove to me that "christian mysticism" exists. And that indian mysticism, african mysticicm or whatever other mysticism are just lies. Mystical experience needs a biological entitysome animals also like to trip... but what it doesn't require is some specific holy book. That's why i say christian mysticism doesn't exist and that the determinant in your mystical experience is what youve been most influenced by. Prove me wrong instead of calling me a simplistic atheist.
In all seriousness though. Drop a hit of acid or some shrooms in a relaxing environment.
Prove to me that "christian mysticism" exists.eye through which I see God is the same eye through which God sees me; my eye and God's eye are one eye, one seeing, one knowing, one love.” - Meister Eckhart
"Through the study of books one seeks God; by meditation one finds him"Hesychasm is a mystical tradition of prayer in the Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern Catholic Churches of Byzantine Rite practisedHesychastic practice involves acquiring an inner focus and blocking of the physical senses. In this, hesychasm shows its roots in Evagrius Ponticus and even in the Greek tradition of asceticism going back to Plato. The Hesychast interprets Christ's injunction in the Gospel of Matthew to "go into your closet to pray" to mean that one should ignore the senses and withdraw inward. Saint John of Sinai writes: "Hesychasm is the enclosing of the bodiless primary Cognitive faculty of the soul Orthodoxy teaches of two cognitive faculties, the nous and logos in the bodily house of the body." Ladder, Step 27, 5, Step 27, 6 in the Holy Transfiguration edition.In Step 27, 21 of the Ladder Step 27, 22–3 of the Holy Transfiguration edition, St John of Sinai describes Hesychast practice as follows: Take up your seat on a high place and watch, if only you know how, and then you will see in what manner, when, whence, how many and what kind of thieves come to enter and steal your clusters of grapes. When the watchman grows weary, he stands up and prays; and then he sits down again and courageously takes up his former task.In this passage, St John of Sinai says that the primary task of the Hesychast is to engage in mental ascesis. This mental ascesis is the rejection of tempting thoughts the "thieves" that come to the Hesychast as he watches in sober attention in his hermitage. Much of the literature of Hesychasm is occupied with the psychological analysis of such tempting thoughts e.g. St Mark the Ascetic. This psychological analysis owes much to the ascetical works of Evagrius Pontikos, with its doctrine of the eight passions.
The cloud of unknowing.
author's name is bigger than the title
publisher is oxford classics, penguin, signet or wordsworth
authors name/title is embossed on the covercover text is written in iridescent ink to grab attentionif a book is in a second hand store and 2 years old
there's no dragons in it
author is Cormac McCarthy
Now a major motion picture!
author's name is not Fyodor Dostoevsky
book was recommended by a girl
authors favors themes over goblins
author's name isn't bigger than the title for deadpan-ironic purposes
author paints our world as oppressive / less than perfect
no pictures
the best publishers?
*Red flags for autismFTFY
jew
Book has an introduction by someone other than the author
written by a jew or the author has a jewish last nameeww get away from me
How to make a retarded thread by OP
book is a translation from English
main character isn't white
INTO THE TRASH
about a male writer
Ciardi is pretty good tho
You are retarded.Half of the jews don't know shit about Judaism and don't care. Half of the Jewish names" are Swedish, German or Polish Blomberg, Bloch, Chomsky....
implying the problem is judaic religion rather than the innate compulsion to deceive, exploit and destroy civilisations
poster pretends to be from /pol/
the innate compulsion to deceiveSeriously, fuck off with your memes.
Anything that can be described with the following buzzwords:This play/book is risky and fresh, it shows the moral vacuum and hypocrisy of the western society all while presenting a counterpoint of progressive values that clash against the vices of capitalism and neoliberalism. It embraces post-marxist ideology as well as a new form of sexual exploration that uncovers how gender indeterminacy is present in our patriarchal structure full of misogyny and prejudice. Moreover, it shows how cultural alienation has become one of the aftereffects of colonization and how the deconstruction of language and culture seems to play a great part on the reassertion of identity and assimilation of the other as part of the self.It is very modern and daring, but ultimately offers no solution to the issues the dehumanization of insertethnicityhere/female main characters face.
memesnot truth
yeah, race essentialism is not true. now you're gettin' it, /pol/!
you're putting words in my mouth like a jew.honestly tho it's a cultural thing, not a race thing
written by a womanenjoyed by womenhas more than one principle female character covers romance from any perspective than a regretful older man
Sounds more like a projection of your own ressentiment than an actual book description tbh.
may in any way be considered as possibly expressing sympathy for opinions I disagree withYuck, literature sure has gone to shit.
This.
Red flag for threads: Judging a book by it's coverIt's for marketing. It's capitalism.
Sounds more like a projection of your own ressentiment than an actual book description tbh.Yup, you're right. It's from a compilation of the main ideas from several recent plays I've read. Made me discard anything related to it.
there's a plot summary on the backit starts with the word 'when'
written in first person
if a book is in a second hand store and 2 years old"Holy shit Rosemary, this book is magnificent! It would be a shame if only the rich could benefit from it, I think I'm going to drop it off at the used book repository tomorrow!"
there's a plot
translator's name is as big as the author's
author uses the book to express opinions
translator isn't alexander pope
author writes vague open-ended shit because he's too much of a pussy
book has thinly veiled environmentalist message
my little pony fanfiction
no dumb bunnys
Book has a 5/5 review from The Daily Mail
the book presents Christianity as anything but insane schizophrenic rambling
oprah's bookclub
it has an extra "movie edition" cover
book is under 3000 pages long
interview with the video game versions executive producer
chapter 1 starts on page 23
book is over 30 pages long
I'm not that pretentious, but if it's not at least over 500 I usually don't read it.
kek
Author's prior activities include a "popular" blog.
video game
le everyone goes on one board because they're tumblr like me!i-if I pretend hard enough maybe this can be a safe space for me like ledditWhy go through these mental hoops and lie to yourself? Why not just cease screaming /pol/ like an angry ape every time someone disagrees with you? If you want a hugbox fuck off, you don't need this place to be one as well.
mommy won't read it to me
its not in .FLAC Format
wasn't made with Anatolian marble
"a novel"
poetry bookforeword by a celebrity or musician
novelover a hundred years old
book cover that has no author or summary just and praising reviews.
doesn't make my pee pee go boom boom
destroy civilisationsif any thing jews are pro-civilization. not innately, though, fucktard
book is a translation
Photo of author on the backDoesn't look like a pirate
cover is excessively graphic
you sly dog
The Daily Mail review books? Do they like, actually read?
Greek lit is unknown to me
Autobiography
author is straight white cisgendered male who hasn't killed himself
Alice leave.
author is jewishauthor is blackauthor is spanishauthor is a marxist
kek

Book that is a response to another bookTitle is "Insert subject here For Dummies"Book that heavily promotes progressive / liberal bullshit
author is a young femaleback of the book contains the words "fresh," "refreshing," or "a breathe of fresh air."
back of the book contains any reference to air quality or freshness and isn't about cleaning products or air filtration systems
meme-ing aside, this is mostly true
why is this always true.
book has red flags
using emerald spears without citing your sourcesseriously, I won't read your post
It's sad that, in our modern society, this is fairly accurate.
taking someone seriously on the internetgetting offended on the internetfeeding trolls on the internetIs this your first day?
A woman recommended A Farewell to Arms to me
You literally just proved his point.
not a first editionquotes on the cover are only about the author's previous work
Books recommended to me by girls:The Collector by John Fowels Bend Sinister by NabokovVarious Henry James NovelsBook on Machine Learning I Forget the Name OfThe Man who Only Loved NumbersThe Essential Harlen EllisonThe Tale of Genji The Man Who was Thursday.Journey to The End of the Night The Temptation of Saint AnthonyEnjoy your life time of pointless gender based frustration, and being unable to form meaningful relationships with half of the human race, misogynists.
A girl recommended Kundera and Capote to me, and generally made me abandon my genre-fic ways.
book is written by a celebrity
 a tour de force
"Bestselling author of"
Book that heavily promotes progressive / liberal bullshitI thought /lit/izens, even americans, knew better than to use the terms 'progressive' and 'liberal'
this is the best one
New York Times best-selling author
get out faggot
They are catch-all terms that works as intended. Also it's still miles better than saying "SJW".
cover-art continues onto the spine/out/
For academic texts, I prefer Loeb, Hackett, Cambridge, and Oxford. Loeb is just GOAT. Costly, too.
fantasy
genre
How can we be sure that philosophyethics, metaphysics/epistemology is based on' reality/nature and not just some misguided bullshit based on human perception?
my love for dat ass is based purely on reality
How can you be sure that you will ever get to you destination when boarding a train?
Does doesnt explain shit
Hello girl on the internet, will you marriage me?
Why do I see a bendy blonde and immediately think MAN I BET THOSE SOCKS SMELL GREAT
I would make her asshole smell of semen
is based on' reality/naturesome misguided bullshit based on human perceptionAs opposed to what? The supernatural and alien perception? Everything is based on reality and human perception, it's the relative end with its cut-off point that is fulfilled by this or that discipline.
What do you think it smells like before the semen?Can we rationally deduce what all her body parts smell like a priori?
We can't/thread
Our perception is fallible, not completely erroneous.
We can't be sure, but this applies to all efforts and disciplines, including the natural sciences.
I deduce that her excrement escalator smells of freshly sanded timber, this being before I have enslaved her as my jizz vessel.
I would rather empirically.
And how did you gain this piece of knowledge?
I didn't and I don't really know. But how is it that our perception is completely erroneous then? How would we even know something like that if it was the case?
It may or may not be. There is no way to know, the only truth is that we do not know if we know anything. We don't even know enough to say that we know nothing, what a sad little game it is.
I am seeking fantasy novels with nihilistic and atheist themes. Know of any?
Communist Manifestoabout a fantasy utopia for atheists
Come on now, I'm really wondering. That other thread makes it pretty clear modern fantasy is all Christian themes. I'm wondering if there's any good fantasy without any of that. That's not erotica, there's fucking enough of that.
Ligotti's works somewhat fit the bill.
sword of truth? Atheists AND Ring Wing!
Ring WingIs this the new /lit/ meme?
Why aren't you a Stirnerist yet?The following is quite clear:Western Civilization as we know it is dyingYou can decide to try and prop it up by being a good little kitchen bitch and going to work and paying your taxes and supporting the displacement of people like you intellectuals by single moms and violent menOR you can become a single mom/violent doucheFuck thatBe a stirnerite.GET RID OF YOUR SPOOKS. SOCIETY DOESN'T LOVE YOU. MAX STIRNER LOVES YOU YOU FUCKING FAGGOT.QUIT YOUR JOB.
Did he practice what he preached? I'd like to see him face hunger. Fucking Autists.
following a meme writerbeing individualist when altruism and equality have been proven to be more beneficial to the society and the individual
being individualist when altruism and equality have been proven to be more beneficial to the society and the individualIt has?
being a stirneritenot being a stirneroofucking plebians
quit being so spooky mate ;]pic-related
Look up prisoner's dilemma.Also read the Selfish Gene by Richard "the meme-meister" Dawkins
Max Stirner? Der Einzige und sein EigentumYeah, that was pretty neat.Actually, the incentive of going for selfishness and individuality is even greater if the others are cooperating.
people like youintellectualsspooky
Aren't you just redefining egoism?
He walked out on his philosophy clubHe wrote his book, but before they could fire him he quit his job to start a business. We all live in this cage, he did the best he could.
Is Stirner actually worth reading or is he just a meme? do I need to read Hegel to understand him?
Actually, the incentive of going for selfishness and individuality is even greater if the others are cooperating.This is why i don't understand those obsessed with self-interest wanting to promote it in others. It's much easier to make them beneficial to you if they don't think of the same terms and are all about helping others ect
Implying this goes against the teachings of the Spook MasterStirner knew we couldn't live as isolated individuals, he just thought exchanges between willing individuals was better than spooky monetary exchanges controlled by the state the biggest spook of all
This doesn't work within Stirner's thought, since forcing one einzige's will upon the other was promoting the spook that you're somehow better than the others protip: you are and you aren't
why aren't you a stirnerite yetbecause all i know about him are memes deep&edgy teens told me about him and literally nobody off the chans ever discusses his ideas so it doesn't really seem worth the time it would take to read his work
Quite the opposite actually as he discusses in his book and its what would form the basis of the Union of Egoists.
proven to be more beneficial to the society and the individualSociety? "individual"? You're spooked, mate, I only know myself, the ego. Read the fucking book.
read the fucking booknaaaaahhhhhhh broooooall i ever you stirnerboos saying is everything is a spook. what shallow analysis! is this what i'm supposed to expect from the actual stirner?
yes, but not for anything op says. claiming to be a stirnerite or stirnerist or anything is just silly. op is stuck on the idea of spooks, of freedom, but fails to understand that freedom is only the beginning, with ownness being the true end. freeing yourself, i.e. the disappropriation of everything, makes you nothing and is meaningless without while proceeding to ownness, ie the reappropriation of everything to suit your interests
b-but I really do think western civilisation is dying. wat do?recently fresh out of studies and working for the first time in an "industry" that i'm "a part of"
The prisoner's dilemma is a classic example of why altruism doesn't work, idiotit literally illustrates a situation where fucking somebody else over is the only rational choice
The prisoner's dilemmaI remember a distinct feeling of implying when my philosophy teacher in school brought this malodorous thought experiment up, and then I hadn't even found 4chin yet.With just a little poke, nick, of reason, implications spray forth all guttural-like, and won't seem to stop.It rests on the patently false, foregone conclusion that the lesser the punishment, the better the outcome, for the individual prisoner.
Western Civilization as we know itI don't know this "Western Civilization", could you perhaps define it for me?
It rests on the patently false, foregone conclusion that the lesser the punishment, the better the outcome, for the individual prisoner.lesser the punishment, the better the outcomeaaand...what is wrong with that?
Why aren't you a Stirnerist yet?Because Ive read Korzybski.
I’ve never kept flocks,But it’s like I’ve kept them.My soul is like a shepherd,It knows the wind and the sunAnd it walks hand in hand with the Seasons,Following and seeing.All the peace of Nature without peopleComes and sits at my side.But I get sad As the sunset is in our imaginationWhen it gets cold down in the plainAnd you feel night coming inLike a butterfly through the window.But my sadness is quietBecause it’s natural and it’s justAnd it’s what should be in my soulWhen it already thinks it existsAnd my hands pick flowers And my soul doesn’t know it.Like the sound of cowbellsBeyond the curve of the road,All my thoughts are peaceful.I’m just sorry about knowing they’re peaceful,Because if I didn’t know it,Instead of them being peaceful and sad,They’d be happy and peaceful.Thinking makes you uncomfortable like walking in the rainWhen the wind gets stronger and it seems to rain more.I don’t have ambitions or desires.Being a poet isn’t my ambition,It’s my way of being alone.
I’d like to develop a code of inertia for superior souls in modern societies.Society would govern itself spontaneously if it didn’t contain sensitive and intelligent people. You can be sure that they’re the only thing that hinders it. Primitive societies were happy because they didn’t have such people.Unfortunately, superior souls would die if expelled from society, because they don’t know how to work. And without any stupid blanks between them, perhaps they would die of boredom. But my concern here is with overall human happiness.Each superior soul who appeared in society would be exiled to the Island of the superiors. The superiors would be fed, like animals in cages, by normal society.Believe me: if there were no intelligent people to point out humanity’s various woes, humanity wouldn’t even notice them. And sensitive people who suffer cause the rest to suffer by association.For the time being, since we live in society, our duty as superiors is to reduce to a minimum our participation in the life of the tribe. We shouldn’t read newspapers, for example, or should read them only to find out what anecdotal and unimportant things are happening. You can’t imagine delight I get from the provincial news round-up. The very names make doors to the indefinite open up in me.The highest honour for a superior man is to not know the name of his country’s chief of state, or whether he lives under a monarchy or a republic.He should be careful to position his soul in such a way that passing things and events can’t disturb him. Otherwise he’ll have to take an interest in others, in order to look out for himself.
Shitty pasta, also tl;dr.
For starters, it posits the state justice system as the unequivocal arbiter in a restricted power structure.For example, if one prisoner snitches, he may well receive other punishment from the snitched-on, and/or the rest of the gang, very possibly so soon that he won't get to reap the fruit of his shorter sentence.And that's still only within the confines of an egoist approach. If for the sake of argument we assume there is actual merit to incarceration as punishment, is not the best thing for society that both prisoners are completely honest and thus punished in accordance with their actual crimes? Perhaps that will cause them to rethink their criminal ways and lead a life of greater satisfaction further down the road, benefitting them, too?And stepping out of that perspective, what if the crimes they are accused and guilty of, are ones that you or I might not view as crimes at all? Then contrast that with the opposite.Scenario 1: They are both north Koreans, the "criminal gang" is a book club, and they are guilty of the crime of harboring and voicing the wrong ideas and opinions. Is it not then best for them and their relatives if they receive minimal punishment?Scenario 2: They are both Mexican, the "criminal gang" is a drug cartel, and they are guilty of the crime of butchering people who were in the wrong place at the wrong time, or were related to the people who were. Is it not then best for them and their potential future victims, if they receive maximal punishment?The whole thought experiment rests on the assumption that it is most beneficial to the individual when the outer authority wishing to enact its law on him, is the least able to do so.Very Stirnerist, actually.
ITT: Ask me anything about Buddhist philosophy, except Theravada or Tibetan. I have studied Chinese and late Indian Buddhist philosophy intensively for many years. If I can be useful to somebody? I often see Buddhist threads, people interested etc.
whats the meaning of life
whats the meaning of lifeEach person is born with some unique characteristic. The meaning of life is to realize the full potential of that characteristics. To be who you are, only more so. To realize that the unique characteristics you bring to the table can be used in a skillful way and contribute to the ultimate goal of all life that is universal Buddhahood.
This is great anon! I think that, for a start, you could mention a few books that you think are cool for begginners, or at least outline a route of reading/practice to get more into it. You can talk more about yourself as well, how did you get into that? How are you now?If you say those things early on, I think this promising thread might have a better flow.Don't answer trolls or shitposters, they'll derail your shit.
And I don't mean just "positive" characteristics. Even laziness, perversion, anger, etc. all can be transfigured and transformed into skillful means for awakening oneself and others.
thanks you seem like a cool person. are you into meditation?
you could mention a few books that you think are cool for begginners,Rupert Gethin - Foundations of BuddhismPaul Williams - Mahayana, the Doctrinal FoundationsYou can talk more about yourself as well, how did you get into that?Lived in Japan.How are you now?Excellent. I'm read to die any moment. Even tomorrow.
How close is the buddhist doctrine of emptiness to the kabbalistic doctrine of Ain soph emptiness as the infinite potential of nothingness, which is the base material and foundation of all thingsAnd where does the "unborn" of bankei come in?
Yes I follow the Tiantai style of meditation as outlined in the meditation manuals of master Zhiyi. Zhiyi is rather unknown in the West but I call him "the Hegel of Chinese Buddhism". He is comprehensive and creates a logical system of Buddhist thought.
Also where does the kashmiri shaivism concepts of void and paramashiva come in?
How close is the buddhist doctrine of emptiness to the kabbalistic doctrine of Ain soph emptiness as the infinite potential of nothingness, which is the base material and foundation of all thingsGood question. I don't think they are as close as they seem. The "nothingness" of the Daoists is much closer to the Kabbalistic concept you mention. Emptiness śūnyatā is actually an elaboration of pratītyasamutpāda ie. codependent origination. Something is "empty" doesn't mean it's an absolute void full of potential, but that it is devoid of self-being svabhāva. It depends on something other-than-self in its very being. So for instance, analyzing yourself, you realize you're an arbitrary product of a sperm meeting an egg in your mother's womb, and then millions of interrelated and non-interrelated causes of condition, social conditioning, schooling, random influences from the media. This thing called "you" has no "you" in it. Each element can be derived from something other-than-you. And this is true for everything ,not just for our selves. Each thing can be analyzed into something that is not itself. In science this is clear when you analyze "matter" and see that in the final analysis, there is no such thing.What Bankei means with the "Unborn" is the field of experience before conceptual thought arises. Emptiness is connected in the following way. The "bird" as the object you see flying outside of your window is created from causes and conditions of the environment and also by your audio-visual and cognitive faculties. The object "bird" is always already co-created by yourself. The sound of the bird is not really hte sound of an object, but the sound of your own mind. So before consciously thinking of the bird, you are already fully in possession of the essence of the bird. You are the one who "birds the bird". But as soon as conceptual thinking arises, you split experience into two poles subject - object and that split can never be overcome. I think this doesn't go further enough though. I prefer Tiantai - in Tiantai, even conceptual thinking, philosophy, even the "subject object split" can serve as a vessel of enlightenment. Everything can.
Reminds me of a priori vs a posteriori.
hurrr I know everything about Buddhism but only the shitty parts
Also where does the kashmiri shaivism concepts of void and paramashiva come in?I don't know a lot about this, but I think it's a form of ontological monism if I'm not wrong?Mahayana is not a form of ontological monism, I would say it doesn't posit a Substance at the bottom of it all. Instead, it imagines a fractal reality where one thing is reducible to another thing, but then this other thing is also reducible further and so on, "it's turtles all the way down". A fractal infinity without a discernable "bottom reality". Or, to put it in another way, this absence of a ultimate reality is itself the ultimate reality. The absence of substance is the substance.
It's similar to prediscursive synthesis or transcendental synthesis in Kant. The idea that our mind is already "embedded" into objects even before we start thinking about them consciously.
this is thread is why /lit/ is worth my time
I focus on a small portion of Chinese Buddhism and even about this small portion Tiantai school I know relatively little. It's a vast field, I would never say I know everything, even about a single character I studied intensively, like Zhiyi or Zhanran or Shinran. But why do you think Chinese Buddhism is the "shitty part"? On the contrary I would argue that Chinese Buddhism is the apex of Buddhist philosophy, imo superior to anything I've seen from Tibetan / Theravada at least when it comes to conceptual elaboration, abstract thought, philosophy. The Chinese are number one when it comes to Buddhist philosophy. Japan never developped it further, just copied it and made it prettier.
To add: The Theravadins are masters at "empirical analysis", but if you want philosophy, Kant and Hegel style, then Chinese Buddhism comes closest to that, esp. Huayan school and Tiantai. Zen and Pure Land are not that interesting in that regard... they focus more on "practice" and "personal insight" etc. Personally I disagree with Zen's focus on meditation alone. It needs to be balanced with study and conceptual understanding.
What's the major difference between the Huayen view of interpenetration/indra's net and Zhiyi's view of 'all things contained in a single moment of thought' or something to that effect. Is Tiantai just phenomenological realism and Huayen idealism? I'm not sure I get it. Also, how is the concept of "Eternal Buddha", Dharmakaya, Vairocana, "One Mind" I recall it being a chan thing, etc not 'eternalism' as rejected by the Buddha in the Nikayas. The Lotus sutra says that the Buddha is eternal, again and again it harps on this. Is this a radical switch to a form of monism or even theism? Or is there an understanding that Buddha's 'eternity' is just a way to speak about all pervading emptiness in a poetic way?
Good question. I don't think they are as close as they seem. The "nothingness" of the Daoists is much closer to the Kabbalistic concept you mention. There's actually good reason for that, there's a strong history of jews in china.Emptiness śūnyatā is actually an elaboration of pratītyasamutpāda ie. codependent origination. Something is "empty" doesn't mean it's an absolute void full of potential, but that it is devoid of self-being svabhāva. It depends on something other-than-self in its very being. But isn't this implied by the idea of Ain, and the entire emanation model of kabbalah? What Bankei means with the "Unborn" is the field of experience before conceptual thought arises. Emptiness is connected in the following way. The "bird" as the object you see flying outside of your window is created from causes and conditions of the environment and also by your audio-visual and cognitive faculties. The object "bird" is always already co-created by yourself. The sound of the bird is not really hte sound of an object, but the sound of your own mind. So before consciously thinking of the bird, you are already fully in possession of the essence of the bird. You are the one who "birds the bird". But as soon as conceptual thinking arises, you split experience into two poles subject - object and that split can never be overcome. Sounds like the kabbalistic doctrine on reflections and the implications of what happens when one is not bhairava/Shiva.On a side note, how do you feel about mahayana most likely not being from "the" buddha? Back to the meat of it, how do you feel about Taoist ideas of physical immortality, and how do you justify child birth in a buddhist context?On a side note, ever read anything of thelema?"29. For I am divided for love's sake, for the chance of union.30. This is the creation of the world, that the pain of division is as nothing, and the joy of dissolution all." - liber AL"Remember all ye that existence is pure joy; that all the sorrows are but as shadows; they pass & are done; but there is that which remains." - liber AL
Personally I disagree with Zen's focus on meditation alone. It needs to be balanced with study and conceptual understanding.But Zen has never been about meditation alone. In fact many Zen masters were also trained in Tiantai, like Dogen and many Tiantai patriarchs are also in Zen. Zen and Tiantai have always been very close imo.
Recommend any books for an aspiring practitioner of Buddhism?
Exactly, the idea is Shiva is the void essence of all things this is why in Kashmir shivism meditating on voids, gaps, looking at things until they disappear and the like is so important.One meditation is to imagine yourself as nothingness/Void covered by skin, and this is followed by the entire universe being identified as nothingness, and these are united.
This is an excellent question. I'm surprised to find such questions here!  the major difference between the Huayen view of interpenetration/indra's net and Zhiyi's view of 'all things contained in a single moment of thought' or something to that effect. Is Tiantai just phenomenological realism and Huayen idealism? I'm not sure I get it. Yes, you could say that. The main difference is that the Huayan model of interpenetration relies on the Flower Garland Sutra's claim that "all phenomena are mind". Huayan is the "Flower Garland Sutra School". Tiantai is the "Lotus Sutra School" relies on that scripture primarily and has a different model of interpenetration - more absolute. In Tiantai, "mind" is just one of possible interpenetrative centers. That is to say, in Tiantai, it is correct to say "all is mind". But it is also possible to say "all is matter" , "all is scent", "all is touch", ...So to Huayan, all is interconnected BECAUSE all is mind. "Mind" functions as the center of it all, the center of all interpenetrations interrelations between phenomena.In Tiantai, EACH phenomenon can serve the same function. So the interpenetration is absolute. Mind is reducible to mere matter  our mind is just the brain . But also the opposite is true, simultaenously: brain is just an object witihn our minds, so it is reducible to mind. For Tiantai, the only reason Buddhism focuses on mind is that it is simply close to us. What is closer to us than our own mind? But it's not exclusive in that sense of being a center. Everything is a center. This leads to some quite surprising and mind-blowing consequences, such as that even non-sentient beings can practice and become Buddhas. Trees, even rocks, tiles, pieces of dung, all have Buddha-Nature and will become Buddhas. Also, how is the concept of "Eternal Buddha", Dharmakaya, Vairocana, "One Mind" I recall it being a chan thing, etc not 'eternalism' as rejected by the Buddha in the Nikayas. The Lotus sutra says that the Buddha is eternal, again and again it harps on this. Is this a radical switch to a form of monism or even theism? Or is there an understanding that Buddha's 'eternity' is just a way to speak about all pervading emptiness in a poetic way?Another excellent question, I'll answer this a bit later. I need a short break.
I have anxiety. How can I cure it using buddhism?
You are right, I was a bit sloppy in saying that... but there is a tinge of anti-intellectualism in Zen. I lived in a Zen temple in Japan and can tell you this from experience. The "Don't think! Just sit!" attitude.
If you want some babby version of Buddhism you'll find it everywhere... but if you want to go straight to the most excellent, go for Zhiyi's manuals of meditation... Google "kalavinka press"...
Anxiety often arises because we are trying to fixate our self or our personal space and we feel it's being invaded by an otherness. In that sense Buddhism is the perfect cure for anxiety because it helps you realize that you are always already one with your environment and never separated to begin with. You can start with simple breath meditation breath counting in order to practice concentration. That can be the first step.
I have more like a social anxiety, more like I get nervous in every situation that involves a little problem and I am far from a safe place. Any page about the simple breath meditation? Thanks in advance.
Why accept Buddhism as anything but pure ideology?
Con't:Vairochana, Eternal Buddha, etc. - is it monism?The prajnaparamita is the true philosophical core of Mahayana. I explain it as "turtles all the way down", fractal reality. X is reducible to Y, is reducible to Z, and so on and so forth. There is no "bottom turtle". Now someone can say: "what about this truth of "turtles all the way down" - isn't this itself the bottom turtle?" Nagarjuna expounded emptiness and then said that even emptiness itself is empty. Even this doctrine itself depends on something other-than-self empty phenomena and so is not a self-being or substance svabhavaSo why then talk of Eternal Buddha and such things as Tathagatagarbha Buddha-Matrix or Buddha-Principle? My explanation is this: it is simply the principle of absolute negativity TAKEN as positive. It is this absolute negativity, the principle that nothing has self-being, stated in a positive way.
Is "critique of ideologies" of Zizek & co not an ideology? The purest of all ideologies? And if not, why not?

It's just Hegel+Marx, so yea, pretty much
Yes it's this "leaving the safe place" that creates anxiety. Buddhism will cure this in two steps. First, practicing that THERE IS NO SAFE PLACE. Even your home is a burning house. Impermanence is swift and you can die at any moment. This idea of a "safe place" is pure illusion.And here is the beautiful paradox. Once you internalize this totally, that there is no safe place, every place becomes "the safe place". Everywhere becomes home.As for meditation, here's one video from a Japanese Zen teacher: can also buy a book of Zhiyi's manual from Kalavinka press.The important thing is to sit with back straight, and for beginners it's good to count breaths. Start with 5 min a day. And extend.
The prajnaparamita is the true philosophical core of MahayanaI thought Zhiyi held the Lotus sutra as the highest teaching.
On an entirely different note, do you find any value in the idea of a "eucharist" ? That is, bread and wine that you fill with a God and it's corresponding ideas, and by eating this, you eat the God and these ideas and become them. Filled and drunken on the ideas and the like, until you are nothing but these. Would you find that this if modified could be helpful to you or others?
What's the best book to learn about Tiantai philosophy? Is Zhiyi it? Or where there important later developments by other patriarchs? Besides the Lotus sutra I have the Hurvitz and the Prajñaparamita sutras, what else is essential Mahayana sutra reading?
Thanks! Do you believe in karma? What's the difference between dharma and karma?Should I convert to buddhism?
But the LS doesn't really have philosophical teachings. It's a self-referential poetic text, a masterpiece. Zhiyi is more like "Nagarjuna's Madhyamaka PLUS the Lotus Sutra". What that means is that he goes further than Nagarjuna in stressing that NOT ONLY are things empty, but even VIEWS are empty. The LS helps him arrive at that point because it contains so many reversals. Women previously thought unable to achieve Buddhahood are suddenly become Buddhas. Devadatta previously the anti-hero the of Buddhism becomes the "teacher of the Buddha". People who are spitting on a Bodhisattva and insulting him are "PRACTICING THE BODHISATTVA WAY". Their spitting and their insulting is also Buddhist practice.The point is, the LS goes further than all other Sutras in this regard - all things can be viewed as "bodhisattva activity" and these in turn as "activities of the Eternal Buddha". And all paths even a murderer's career lead to Buddhahood ultimately. However LS doesn't contain philosophical , conceptual elaboration, it's mytho-poetical. So Zhiyi uses Nagarjuna's and pehaps Vasubandhu's conceptual apparatus.
Totally from a different angle but I'd like to respond to this because its relevant. In Tibetan Buddhism, this is basically what happens in Deity yoga. You visualize and imagine a Bodhisattva, all their qualities, radiating compassion, etc. Then you imagine merging with it and you becoming that Bodhisattva and embodying all their qualities, universal compassion and wisdom, all that good stuff. Also on a related note it is generally accepted now that some of the Tantras reference entheogens like cannabis and datura.
Yes, I think the idea of the Eucharist has something interesting in it, similar to the Tiantai idea of Buddhahood of objects. That an object can contain Christ. However, why only that cracker? Why not go further and say ANY object can contain Christ? Even a piece of dung?The best is to read books about Tiantai.Foundations of T'Ien-T'Ai Philosophy by SwansonAnd my favorite:Evil and/or/as the Good: Omnicentrism, Intersubjectivity, and Value Paradox in Tiantai Buddhist Thought
What that means is that he goes further than Nagarjuna in stressing that NOT ONLY are things empty, but even VIEWS are empty. I believe Nagarjuna says this too. For Nagarjuna rejects all views drishti and there has recently been a big scholarly kerfuffle over this with regards on how to interpret Nagarjuna. Also Nagarjuna affirms the "emptiness of emptiness".
Thanks! Do you believe in karma?Karma actually means "action". We Westerners use the word wrong. All actions are karma. So of course I believe in actions and the consequences of actions.What's the difference between dharma and karma?Dharma means many things ,but the 3 main meanings in Buddhism are: 1 the Buddhist teachings taken as a whole, are called Dharma; 2 Dharma as "Truth"; 3 dharma also means "phenomenon"Should I convert to buddhism?There's no conversion really but if you want to be a "real life Buddhist", why not? It will disappoint you however... Ultimately "real life organized religion" is what it is... it's shallow. Depends on how lucky you are also, on the teacher and the Sangha.
Actually that is also used in some forms of eucharist.Some gnostics used a mingling of sexual fluids as do the the kashmiri shaivites. Along with dung"Animal" alchemy was also a thing. Basically bread and wine wasn't the only thing used, but they were and are chiefly used due to symbolism. How do you feel about modern western and ancient egyptian forms of deity Yoga, which were effectively the same practice+orations said before doing it?
How do you feel about modern western and ancient egyptian forms of deity Yoga, which were effectively the same practice+orations said before doing it?Unfortunately I know literally zero about these, source?
Indeed, I actually purposefully distorted Nagarjuna a little to make Zhiyi sound superior to him. In truth, things are more complex and Nagarjuna already contains this radicalization. However, if you read other text by Nagarjuna, you will see he doesn't really apply the emptiness of views to all aspects of life. For Zhiyi, even "poison" can be "medicine". Even delusion can serve as awakening. I would say that Nagarjuna still has the more orthodox view that one has to eliminate delusion and that delusion is something purely negative. Zhiyi is a radicalization, and Zhanran and Zhili are further radicalizations of Zhiyi. As is Ouyi Zhixu.
You are closer than the average person on karma.What most people call "karma" as a merit of action or a consequence of action is called "asrava" and translates best to "impact". Thus one could say the impact of getting proper diet, activity and rest is health, and the impact of getting improper diet, activity, and rest is lack of health... But neither says for the individual what is proper or improper. The only answer is really condintional to what produces the desired reaction, which may require trial and error. This leads one ultimately to their own "Lord of Karma" or better translation "guidance of doing.". This is called Ishvara. It is the HGA in personalized aspect, or Te in the Taoist cosmology... It is personal truth.What I know is everyone can make a big deal of a slight. A bump can become a push, can become a shove, can become a punch can become a bar fight unless everyone chills out a bitKarma is the attraction of goodness to goodness and evil to evil in the vedas. That is the people who made the term so that is the way I use it. I don't use it as some huge debt clock on what happens in my life.Also there is a CONTENDING force against Karma. It is called Tapas and it is the contending force of Karma which causes Good to result in Evil and Evil to result in Good despite the tendency of Karma for like to attract like.So in practice, Tapas and Karma are the principles of "Solve" and "Coagula."In fact, Karma is but one of TEN factors - and these ten factors all have a role in perceptions of causation. Nor is Karma the Highest, but Karma and Tapas are most prominent in The Wheel of Maya.On a side note.I never saw karma as some cause effect thing - I see it as a "signal strength" of your likelyhood to broadcast an interference free occurance request. For me though, buddhism is not my interest. I think buddhism's karmic system amounts to a judgement system for punishment and reward - that is silly to me. Taoism is not exactly run by karma, neither is Thelema. These are my two paths - and both teach we engage the world to shape what we want to occur in mysterious ways, and we may even not have a properly trained desire base in alignment with our best interests or human ideals - until we work to become complete in ourself.
Was it a dissapoint for you?
For Zhiyi, even "poison" can be "medicine". Even delusion can serve as awakening. I would say that Nagarjuna still has the more orthodox view that one has to eliminate delusion and that delusion is something purely negative. Zhiyi is a radicalization, and Zhanran and Zhili are further radicalizations of Zhiyi. As is Ouyi Zhixu.Can you say more about this radicalization and use of poisons as the medicine? I ask because I've recently become interested in Tantra, especially their philosophical worldview which stems from non-dualism and took this non-dualism in a very radical and anti-nomian way, to the extent that they had rituals which used alcohol and cannabis, ritual sexual union and other such acts which were always held to be against religious moral codes.
Read some egyptian stuff on funerary rites and the like. Book of coming forth by day and etc.Or just anything about egyptian magic and priesthood.Assuming the forms of their Gods even multiple at once was a large part of it, they even had special hand-gestures and secret names which allow this to be...complete. From the book of coming forth by day "My hair is Nu; my face is Ra; my eyes are Hathor; my ears are Wepwawet; my nose is She who presides over her lotus leaf; my lips are Anubis; my molars are Selkis; my incisors are Isis the goddess; my arms are the Ram, the Lord of mendes; my breast is Neith, Lady of Sais; my back is Seth; my phallus is Osiris; my muscles are the Lords of Kheraha; my chest is he who is greatly majestic; my belly and my spine are Sekhmet; my buttocks are the Eye of Horus; my thighs and my calves are Nut; my feet are Ptah; my toes are living falcons; there is no member of mine devoid of a god, and Thoth is the protection of all my flesh."As for more modern stuff, God-form assumption is a common practice in western esoterica.
That's a pretty interesting parallel however was were the egyptians attempting to achieve in this case? Because that's the real issue.
Why is Buddhist karmic system silly to you?Yes, Western Buddhism tends to be too wishy washy, while Japanese Buddhism the opposite, too "macho". We had to wake up at 3.45 AM and work 12 hours in the rice fields even when it was raining like crazy. It's just torture. But I don't have lots of exp. with Western Buddhism. Maybe you can find a good group.I have a teacher from the Tendai school of Buddhism now, he's also Japanese.Tantra and Tiantai are very close in this antinomian respect. What you will probably like in Tiantai more than in Tantra is that the absolute need for a Master - Guru is not there in Tiantai, but in Tantra it is. However, Tiantai is more antinomian in speech. In practice, Tiantai monks were all celibate and followed rituals, prayed, and everything else. The Tiantai master Zhili wanted to cut his own fingers and set himself on fire, become a human torch. A Zen master tried to convince him not to do it, he said to him: "This is because you rely too much on words and letters! the Lotus Sutra speaks of a man burning himself and you're following words! words are the product of the devil!" - to which Zhili replied: "There is no devil other than the Buddha; there is no Buddha other than the devil." - This is really the apex of antinomianism, he identified Buddha with the devil Mara. I'll tell you a story to illustrate how I think this Tiantai logic of "poisons are themselves medicine" work. I met with some friend the other day and he told me when he was young, he used to be very violent and beat other kids at school. Bully etc. But then once he was bullied himself and realized this violence thing isn't gonna work for him... he then told me how he changed afterwards.... now he's a great individual.So is it that the poison of "beating others" or "violence towards others" simply disappeared and was replaced with something else?Not according to my interpretation and Tiantai. In fact, he never stopped beating other people. It's just that after he was beaten himself and hurt badly, he "sublimated" his beating on another level. He became an intellectual, and one that is very critical of the work of others. His critiques are very good but also very harsh. So he is now "beating" other people on an intellectual level. He's still the same violent kid.But this goes much, much further. He told me how he later met with one of the kids he used to bully at a school reunion and publicly apologized. The other guy was very ashamed of the whole situation and uncomfortable. Can we read even this as a higher form of "beating"? I think so. It's a kind of "moral beating"; - not only did I beat the shit out of you in high school, but I don't even let you have the moral victory... I debase myself in front of everyone at this school reunion and do the chivalrous, christlike gesture of admitting I was a piece of shit. Even this moral action can be read as a form of violence.
Cont'd: so this violent person is still violent on a spiritual level. But suppose he realizes this. What will he do? He will try to change. And how will this go? He will understand all his actions as instances of violence, and he will try to repress them. When instincts arise, he will push them away. So he will be VIOLENT towards his own violent instincts. What is non-violence if not a violence against violence? It is violent to violence. So even "non-violence" can be read as a radical instance of violence. So you see, an absolutely non-violent, intellectual person, can be conceived purely through the movement of the negativity of violence itself. You never need to think there was some external medicine at work. It is the poison itself that does all the work. It negates its own negativity and produces the opposite of itself which is still itself. Hence, the devil is the Buddha; Mara is the greatest Bodhisattva, suffering is the best thing because it motivates Buddhist practice etc.
Effectively? Godhood, the general idea in egyptian thought is to travel the afterlife facing trials and becoming ever more purified until you eat as the God Osiris and become like him, Divine and king.According to egyptian texts that's the point of pyramids also, God-making machines that accelerate this Goal.However an important part of this is what egyptians considered gods and the like.
First, it seems to have dropped the contending force against karma, second it uses karma as a Divine judge which is pretty much not the original point at all.The talk of the unity of opposites and the like makes it sound like you'd really enjoy Thelema though.
contending force against karmaCan you elaborate on that point?
Also there is a CONTENDING force against Karma. It is called Tapas and it is the contending force of Karma which causes Good to result in Evil and Evil to result in Good despite the tendency of Karma for like to attract like.So in practice, Tapas and Karma are the principles of "Solve" and "Coagula."In fact, Karma is but one of TEN factors - and these ten factors all have a role in perceptions of causation. Nor is Karma the Highest, but Karma and Tapas are most prominent in The Wheel of Maya.Karma doesn't account for randomness/unlikely outcomes and chaos.Karma doesn't make sense when bad is the result of good, and good the result of bad.
Karma doesn't make sense when bad is the result of good, and good the result of bad.It does in Tiantai because each "good" can be reinterpreted as "bad" and each "bad" can be interpreted as "good". To give an example, suppose you have a car accident on your way to the airport and you miss the airplane to an extremely important business meeting. That's "bad", awful - but say that later you find out that the flight you were going to take was taken over by terrorists and flown into the Twin Towers without any survivors. Then suddenly, what appeared as bad luck, as an awful day, the same thing is reinterpreted as the most lucky event in one life, almost a divine intervention etc. same even can appear a disaster or a blessing depending on the context. So is with "bad" or "good" karma. In Buddhism the ultimately good is not producing karma; non-action wu wei which is the non-action of contemplation.
I have two questions not so much about Buddhism but I rather need a new point of view on the issues I've been dealing with for a whileFirst I feel I'm very capable man I've done a few shits that demanded some effor but I'm too lazy, I have productivity spikes that mostly compensate for the laziness but I'm afraid this could fail eventually.Second I've come to the conclusion, as many wizards before me, that refusing romantic love will somehow increase my chances of "making it" money, power, etc Do you feel there is a relationship between these two or not, how?
Hey, awesome thread! I've got a couple of questions. I've been doing a decent amount of reading in Buddhism this year:1. What do you think of Hua-yen/Kegon Buddhism?2. Are you more inclined to think of Buddhism as an existential or essential school of thought? 3. The parable of Indra's Net seems to suggest mutual causation and simultaneous penetration of all dharmas in the universe. If this is so, wouldn't this mean that we live in what is basically a deterministic, closed universe? And the entire image system is predicated on the existence of a dreamer, which is Lord Indra. I must be missing something here, right?
"making it" money, power, etcWell, you're already romantically involved, you're romantically in love with the idea of "success", you bought the story of what it means to live a good life. Waiting for the perfect prince on a white horse is no more delusional than believing money and power is the point of life and what fulfills you.I'm too lazyContemplate death.Often.Keep it stamped on your forehead.You're gonna die.Imagine you're on your deathbed and reminiscing about your life... how you spent it... what you did...
1. What do you think of Hua-yen/Kegon Buddhism?Well I'm fascinated by it, what can I say? I think Tiantai goes further though, so I remain partisan to Tientai/Tendai. Read more in this reply: 2. Are you more inclined to think of Buddhism as an existential or essential school of thought? Very good question. It's existential because soteriology is its raison d'etre. But it's also essential because it doesn't analyse life in a kind of way like existentialism and psychoanalysis do - instead it goes straight to the non-substantiality of the self and dharmas.3. The parable of Indra's Net seems to suggest mutual causation and simultaneous penetration of all dharmas in the universe. If this is so, wouldn't this mean that we live in what is basically a deterministic, closed universe? And the entire image system is predicated on the existence of a dreamer, which is Lord Indra. I must be missing something here, right?Good question. Determinism implies finitism. As I read that metaphor you have an infinity there; it's the very infinity, the very possibility that there's always another context, another meaning, another possible view, that makes it non-deterministic. There's no simple fixed "whole". To every "whole" you posit, there will be something outside of it, and you will need to define a new "whole", and so on. And the entire image system is predicated on the existence of a dreamer, which is Lord Indra. I must be missing something here, right?How do we know though, that the dreamer himself is not part of the dream? That the very idea that there is a dreamer is a "dream thought"? Or that what is outside the dream is not just another dream, a meta-dream? Zhuangzi comes to mind here.
Thanks for your responses anon
I understand the similarities and I don't really expect happiness from money, I just want it anyway but is in any form my opinion of rejecting romantic relationship just because it might get on the way of having money, remotely correct?I contemplate death often, but I think my mistake is that I imagine that I have already achived greatness and it will be a great funeral.What's Buddhism stance on destiny and shit? How much does my actions weight in the outcome of things. For example since I'm talking about it "making it" if destiny is how the universe works then if I fuck up or not I will get the predefined result anyway
3Thanks for taking the time to read them.
I understand the similarities and I don't really expect happiness from money, I just want it anyway but is in any form my opinion of rejecting romantic relationship just because it might get on the way of having money, remotely correct?Are you asking is marrying will get in the way of financial success? Buddhism has no opinion on this. I can tell you from personal exp I have more money since I married. We have no kids though. I guess kids are the money sink. Depends on your priorities. Buddhism doesn't tell you what to do. I contemplate death often, but I think my mistake is that I imagine that I have already achived greatness and it will be a great funeral.It's not about having a great funeral. Great or not great, who cares? It's the best to be completely forgotten, ashes scattered in the sea. Why do you want to be praised? I think your posts show a narcissistic fixation on yourself. That's the root of your problems. Laziness comes from that very narcissism. What's Buddhism stance on destiny and shit?No destiny. Things are not predetermined. What you do, matters.
Thanks for the response. I seem to have missed your reply to the earlier instance of my question. My bad! That is a very interesting response to my question on Indra's Net. It's still very hard to think in terms of relations and wholes, embedded as Western civilization is in Cartesian dualism. I also noticed that you earlier mentioned that it is infinite in the same sense that it's "turtles all the way down", which I think is a pretty novel approach to breaking out of our idea of a fixed, finite universe-whole. Are you familiar with process philosophy or Whitehead? The dreamer as part of the dream is quite similar to his thesis of a God that is both creature and pattern of creation. There is a tremendous amount of research going on in Asia in the field of Whiteheadian philosophy these days.
Are you familiar with process philosophy or WhiteheadInteresting you mention that, incidentally I am exploring it these days! I haven't read him directly, just about him. Anything you can recommend for a beginner?
What do you think about the recent explosion of interest and scientific research into mindfulness meditation in the west?
did you know that I demolished becoming and all of eastern philosophy thousands of years ago?
If your read them what are your thoughts on the Thomists + Christian theology threads?
Heraclitus is superior, and he's very close to Eastern philosophy.
Do you have any opinions about the Theravada tradition? A friend of mine has been studying and practicing Bhuddism for about 10 years now. He lived at a Theravada monastery for a few years and went through an initiation process to become a monk. He ultimately deferred joining for the present, but he's as deeply involved in Bhuddism as anyone I've known personally.When I've asked him about the various sects, he's told me the one's outside Theravada are decadent and have been corrupted at various points in history. He has always had a proclivity toward the rustic and simple in all aspects of his life, so I imagine that has influenced his thinking.
Thanks for the respond, I really hope this whole personal problems stuff is not derailing the main point of your thread, just let me know.Of course I'm narcissistic, mostly I think comes back from being "bullied" fuck that word but its the only that comes to mind as a kid. As back then my opinion or person didn't matter I guess I'm trying to fill the void by having people that worship me. But I feel I can't just drop my quest for money because even tho I know I wont get happiness from it the though of not achiving it makes me sad.To be honest these whole dilemma comes because I got "inlove" with a girl as a good virgin from 4chan I did nothing and as I'm a christin myself, I think God said no I have some evidence that she might not be the best choice as I said earlier I don't want to derail your main point and become this into an /adv/ thread but since I don't feel I can't talk to anyone in real life about these, might as well discuss it with my friends at /lit/
I don't know the threads. I never read Aquinas directly. I like Saint Augustine. I like Eriugena, Duns Scotus, lots of interesting Christian writers.
Heraclitus was an incoherent babbler compared to Parmenides
I think it's great, however "using mindfulness for stress reduction" is just the tip of the iceberg. It's like saying "let's see if praying to Jesus calms people down" while ignoring 2000 years of theology, philosophy, connected to Christianity. There's much more than a Xanax effect to this stuff.
When I've asked him about the various sects, he's told me the one's outside Theravada are decadent and have been corrupted at various points in history. He has always had a proclivity toward the rustic and simple in all aspects of his life, so I imagine that has influenced his thinking.Well you can see the cultural influence of Theravada in countries like Sri Lanka it tends towards simple living, while Mahayana being much more elastic, more doctrnal and less rule and morality based, has been influential in Hong Kong, Japan, China, Taiwan, the more economical successful but also stressful places.The Theravadin claim that other sects are decadent is their PoV. The Mahayana PoV is that there is only one school ultimately called the Ekayana "The One Vehicle" as expounded in the Lotus Sutra. All vehicles are ultimately one, including Theravada.Mahayana is more flexible. The Vimalakirti Nirdesa Sutra contains a story where a Bodhisattva became a prostitute to help sentient beings. Theravadins are so fixated on following rules they wouldn't even touch a woman or stay alone in a room with a woman. But is this not very limiting?
Well then we could say Parmenides was a tautological bore.
explain to me how a human that isn't self aware acquires karmadoes a mentally ill person gain karma even though he is not necessarily responsible for his own actions?
Good question. Do you think the mentally ill are capable of willing?
Heraclitus was far clearer and less obscurantist than Parmenidies despite the latters being more straight forward. If he wrote like Melissus or at least what Simplicus attributes fo Melissus he would have been a far better philosopher
depends on the illness
You should read Broken Buddha by S. Dhammika who was a Theravada monk, its a sobering critique of Theravada. Among the many points he makes is modern asian Theravada's obsession with merit making and ritual instead of actual dhamma practice, many monks do not actually practice but just hand around and receive handouts. Not like Buddhism is much more perfect and pristine in Japan or China, but there are problems everywhere and Theravada is not above them. Also Theravada is not just the teachings of the Buddha, its also the Theravada Abhidhamma and their particular interpretative tradition of commentaries which includes works by Buddhaghosa and others.
Karma means "volitional action"If one is capable of willing, one produces karma
Good post.Also, people that think Theravada "follows the words of the Buddha" while others don't are simply mistaken. We don't have "words of the Buddha"; we have stuff that was written hundreds of years after the Buddha.Some of the Mahayana stuff is older than some of the Theravada stuff.
If all things are empty of personal identity, being made what they are rather by their relationships with other things, than how can one thing be distinguished from another?That is to say, if I hold a cup, it would seem to me to that neither me nor the cup exist; only two arbitrarily defined volumes of space in contact. Science tells us that the capacity of being able to hold onto a cup is caused by weak molecular bonding. In a very real sense, holding the cup bonds you to it, and you're weakly bonded to the air around you.And if this is so, the distinction between life and death is arbitrary. A broken person is like a broken bowl. This lack of self-concern, that is treating yourself like a tool to be used for awakening others, allows you to destroy your body in service. The fantastic feats of monks and Bodhisattvas are merely acts of self-destructive self-control.To seek nirvana precludes it's attainment. Since the world is an illusion, acting out your role in it, but without striving, is the most non-attached course of action. Accepting the karmic repercussions without thought or concern is the non-attached perspective. To kill as if you weren't killing is the only acceptable way to kill.If you meet a buddha, kill him,Linji
What do you think of mental noting during meditation? For example if you're meditating on the breath and focusing on the rising and falling of the abdomen you note "rising" when the abdomen rises and "falling" when it falls. If you're looking at something you note "seeing". Etc. Etc.Do you think noting is good or should one just focus on the pure experience of whatever is being focused on
The Chinese Buddhists also have access to the Agamas which are close to the Nikayas. Actually, I have a question on the status of the Agamas in Chinese Buddhism. Are they and were they read in the past? Or were they just ignored? It seems like the Mahayana sutras are the only thing that is taken seriously in the east sometimes. And I love me some early Buddhist texts, Analayo's recent comparative study of the satipatthana sutta is amazing imo.
is there no difference between the foreseeable and unforeseeable consequence of an action with respect to karma
As a matter of fact, yes! Process philosophy happens to be what I'm doing my grad studies in. For Whitehead I would recommend starting with Process and Reality. He has a bunch of other books that deal with different topics but they never quite discuss his metaphysics in detail. This one does.
They were kind of ignored like you say, because the Mahayana Sutras were considered to be doctrinally superior. What people often forget is that Mahayana Sutras build upon the Nikayas. There is no Mahayana idea that is not tracable to something in the Nikayas / Agamas. Say the "buddha nature" --- "luminous mind"... emptiness being a radicalization of anatta, and pratityasamutpada, etc. Recently some 60 years ago the super influential Taiwanese monk Yin Shun revitalized interest in the Agamas so there's been a renaissance of interest in the early texts in the Chinese world.
The monastery he was studying at was founded by a monk from Thailand I believe.I was surprised to find out how conservative the branch of Buddhism he was following actually is. I don't know what his exact involvement is at this point- he seems to be on some equivalent of Rumspringa. He's eating meat, occasionally smoking cigars, and has a girlfriend whom he's sexually active with. He's still abstaining from alcohol and marijuana, and generally behaves in a way consistent with my notions of Buddhism. The fonversation I had with him about the different traditions happened since he left the monastery, so he must still consider Theravada the true path.Another friend of mine, a photographer, who's traveled to Tibet several times told me about a young local guy who was a novice at Buddhist monastery. He had joined because he was in trouble with the law, some connection with a murder. Becoming a monk was essentially his way of ducking out of his problem.
Been meaning to look into Whitehead myselfSpeaking of Western Philosophers with similarities to Buddhism, has anyone read Parfit? Apparently Derek Parfit basically argues for not self within analytic philosophy.
swastikaGAS THE THERAVADA BUDHA WAR NOW
Thanks, I'll read it.Sadly I have to go to sleep so I can't reply to these. See you tomorrow guys. Thanks for the interesting discussions!
eating meat, occasionally smoking cigarsDefinitely not uncommon in Theravada countriesSome monk smoke like a chimney has a girlfriend whom he's sexually active withIf he's disrobed then it would not be against any rules, scriptural or traditional
Thanks for the recommendation, I'll check that out and bring it up with my friend some time. I imagine he'd be interested in hearing a dissenting view.
tell how difficult is Pali to learn, in order to shortcircuit the translations. How long does it take to be fluent in Pali ?
how old are you ?tell me your method to meditate. I fall asleep when I meditate
well, I'd say its not more difficult than other inflected ancient indo european languages like greek or latin
Curious response, considering that one of the central claims of Buddhism is the non-existence of the self.
Oh-ho neighbour, that's an easy mistake, but don't you worry! I've composed a little ditty to help you remember:If the swastika is straight, it's Buddhism mateBut if it's on a tilt, trigger Aryan guiltNow as to the varieties of right-wing fas-diddly-acism you might face...
I want to go back to this ''relativism'' and the buddhist compassion.Take the same situation where the potentiality of the something seen bad seen bad by most people, but this time with humans humiliation or murder or any high crime in the humanism.The typical illustration is : if somebody would have done something to Hilter humiliate him or rob him or kill him, then WW2 would have been avoided.My quesiton relates to the relation of this lack of certitude of goodness with the compassion towards al lliving creatures in buddhism. Another illustration that I have in mind is the one of some monk being mugged by a group in India when he went to some temple. The guy did not panick and he saw his attackers ready to hit him on the skull with an ax. The monk was alright with this and offered his provisions, because it was the motive of the mugging people. THe attackers went away after they took the belongings of th emonk.My conclusion is that these buddhists monks are alright with their own death, but somehow are triggered when it comes to other people death, death of the animals, while some sort of relativism with good/bad/evil remains, especialy in some monist view of the world. How can I be compassionate towards others, while I have no compassion for myself ? Why should I say that a murder is bad, especially if this murder prevents other murders ?I must say that I am not a humanist currently, but that I do not like to humiliate and rob people, but I cannot judge these actions, done by other people on othe rpeople, as bad/good etc. especially because I do not know what consequences these actions will have, nor the potential consequences of the few alternative actions  that I can conceive from what I hear about the context leading to the robbery/murder/humiliation etc.
So, in other words, buddhism as some morality, with some notion of good and bad, that buddhism is not a doctrine with relativism in it, which I subscribe to in my daily life, but I do not feel that people's actions can be judged as bad or good. All I can do is to tell people that it is difficult to judge actions.do you have a few books to learn pali ?
Are there tricks to sleep sat ?I ask because I will move in a flat devoid of bed and I do not have the means to buy and carry a bed and I do not want to own a bed, since I will need to sell it when I move outMy idea was to learn to sleep sat like the monks are trained to do.If somebody relates to this, then advise me.
top kek
ok
It is?
no mention of Romeno mention of Hinduismno mention of Jainismno mention of any of the other cultures frequently using the shape
At 13 she read Lolita and War and Peace, To The Lighthouse and As I Lay Dying at 15, Molloy, The Tin Drum The Homecoming and Ulysses at 17, Foucault's Pendulum, Crash, White Noise at 18, The Critic As Host. Simulations and Simulacra, Ficciones at 19 and The Anxiety of Influence, Anatomy of Criticism at 20.You've read 1984, ender's game, infinite jest, Fahrenheit 451, the catcher in the rye and the entire a song of ice and fire series.
You know, /sci/'s a lot more insecure about their intelligence. Go bother them.
Is that Marilyn Monroe?
the entire a song of ice and fire series.no one here has stooped this low, surely
Simulacra and Simulation. Fixed. You fail mode pleb.
and yet a slag remains a slag= no culture will be the salvation of the woman
Yeah. She kept her intelligence hidden during her lifetime to be a ditzy blonde, but she woulda been a total /lit/izen.
So, her books were of no good use to her? From the looks of it, she read just to feel smart.
Huh?
You don't accumulate all of that knowledge and become a slag, lad.
In all likelihood, she didn't readI haveAnd it was good
Ah. Thanks for the tip.
any idea what book she's reading here boys? I'll tell ya
A Feast for Crows.
ULYSSES stay mad
ulysses by yames yoyce
It's the same copy of Ulysses she's pretending to read in all these staged photos.
F JU DJFJRUFHFR WOMEN CANNOT READ!?!?? THERES NO WAY A WOMAN CAN READ A BOOKDJXUUER DIFBR RUDJDNDNEJEFHJF
Aw, taking a quick break. The poor baby is exhausted!
Yes. We know. Ulysses.Look, you're trying to make a point here. That's fine, but we all know the majority of people here are both falsely pretentious and insecure. You want to increase the quality of this board and drive the Philistines to the quarry to fall to their deaths? Make a thread about the literature.
tfw no patrician gf
These photos are obviously fake. I don't know why you're shoehorning some stupid rebuttal about all women everywhere into this.In fact, there are so many photos of Monroe reading often the same book at the same spot in the back that I get the impression she considered it a dreadful waste to even touch a book without a cameraman at the ready.
JXU CU JSBDDUDUHEARE YOY TELLING ME, THAT A PHOTOGRAPHY SESSION ISNT REAL LIFE??? WHAT A DISCOVERY IF THAT IS FAKE, IT MUST MEAN SHE CANNOT READ!!!FHXUDUHE DUXHE DIDBD
tfw you will never stick your dick in the same vagina as JFK once didtruly an elite feel
Nigga, fuck you. This staged, too?
You're intentionally being misconstruing the point.This isn't just "a photo session in the park", there are hundreds of photos of her with books, each just as fraudulent as the last. I don't know why you're responding so emotionally, as though you're personally hurt that I'm commenting on the plastic quality of these photos, but you need to deal with that on your own. Or just shitpost some more capital letters, whatever. It's your problem to deal with or ignore.
FICUHDHE RDJ RJDF STOP NEGATING MEI REPEAT, PHOTOS ARE FAKE!!!!!! THEY ARE NOT REAL LIFE!!! ALL OF THEM!!!!!!!PHOTOSAREFAKE FJGHR DJF FJDD D DJD I
gotta get that title in the shot
/sci/'s a lot more insecure about their intelligenceSimply not possible.
Actors are either geniuses or very, very dumb. This is little middleground. This is not a false dichotomy
THISIS SPARTA
The mods actually tolerate IQ shitfests over there
Written 40 years after her death, so her publicist had nothin to do with it:“Walt Whitman was her favorite poet, even more than Carl Sandburg. She loved him from the moment a New York friend gave her [Leaves of Grass] years earlier. She often read Whitman for relaxation. The rhythm of his long free lines of verse lulled and stimulated her at the same time.”
Poetry isn't literature
People had nothing better to do back then so they read books. Would you have less or more sex if instead of a landwhale your gf would be a curvy model?These days we got better things to do then read, like shitpost on 4chan.
They had fucking TV then faglord
Cant compare the modern plethora of channels and programs to their basic shit back then.also, internet.You could never
The 50s was known as a golden age of television It can definitely compare m8Whenever you hear about people wasting their time watching useless tv shows, that originated in the 50s
/sci/'s a lot more insecure about their intelligenceI've only been there a couple times and that was enough to know they don't have permanent threads crying about the humanities/religion/atheism/science like /lit/ does
It was radio before that. Marilyn was 20 in 1946, so yeah in her teens people were wasting hours every day listening to radio dramas.
But did she write anything with any literary merit? Being a mindless consumer doesn't make you intelligent.
Ebik
the board dedicated to art is more emotionalBravo, simply Hurr Durr
I can feel your feeble anger from here, and it's delicious
OP is probably a butthurt girlMonroe said she read Ulysses but didn't understand shit iirc, if you think those books you named are at all complicated you are a retardalsoYou've read 1984, ender's game, infinite jest, Fahrenheit 451, the catcher in the rye and the entire a song of ice and fire seriesimplyingbitch please gtfo
she's just reading molly's monologue
I'm gonna need a source on that big boy
What is a well read consumer of literature? At best a critic.Someone who both reads and writes; someone willing to act and contribute is way above the former.By writing you not only contribute something of yourself, but also become aware of many of the intricacies of writing you were unable to notice as strictly a reader.
All the lies, slander, myths and half-truths, legends make Monroe the most interesting figure America has produced, and produced is the keyword.
Tao Lin's parents bought an apartment in New York and let him live there for free while writing his first booksDFW's parents paid for his seven-year university education, during which he wrote his first bookCormac McCarthy hated work and could afford to since his dad was a major lawyerLovecraft hated work and lived rent-free with various rich family members while writing his first worksFitzgerald lived with rich family members while writing his first booksIs writing a recreation of the upper classes /lit/?Should us poor folk even bother writing in 2015?
Get a jobJoin the unionShoot your boss
With the exception of Cormac McCarthy and I honestly don't know about Lovecraft you just named some individuals who went to the most elite schools, some at a time when they were known especially for not letting in people who could not afford it. So yes.
DFW admitted in an interview he later did with Amherst that he only got in because his dad had gone there.
Is writing a recreation of the upper classes /lit/?No. It might require a decent education to get people into it, but there are plenty of great authors who worked for a living while writing. Having a patron certainly helped a lot of artists - these days the government has taken that burden unto themselves.
Yes. To be a quality writer you need an awful lot of free time to practice.
who worked for a livingMost worked part-time. That isn't possible for many people in 2015.
That isn't possible for many people in 2015I thought there was a large number of people who are stuck at part-time jobs
Poor people are the worst kind of people. They are not suited for writing at all.
tfw raised by single momtfw saw her struggle to find work because of her agetfw she never complained and went to clean peoples' housestfw I'm currently working 45 hours a week in financial PR tfw don't relate to my colleagues or my worktfw too scared to quit because rents are too high for part-time work and I have no real skillsWhat should I do /lit/?I wish I had a qt brother who would support me like Van Gough had.
Lovecraft lived with other people because he was really poor and died in a very bad financial condition...
Depends on which region I guess. In the UK there are many on zero hours or on jobs that are part-time at 25+ hours a week. When I moved to London I worked part-time in two different jobs so full-time overall and even when I was just working one part-time job I had to go into my savings to make rent and it was an extremely anxious period in which I was too ashamed to allocate time for reading.The people I work with who are my age all took gap years and are now looking around for their first pace to buy with their parents' money. The class system in Britain is like laughably conspicuous in my experience. It makes me want to drop out.
He only occasionally lived poorly because he refused an editing job it meant moving cities and refused to get any other type of job. Most of the time he lived with family members who paid for his rent and supported his writing. Similar to Orwell.
implying I'm wouldn't be the voice of my generation if I just applied myselfI'm smart but lazy
The class system in Britain is like laughably conspicuous in my experience.This is why anyone who can should emigrate. If you aren't at least upper middle class in the UK, you'll never succeed in anything other than drudgery.
Emigrate to where?I was thinking of living NEET in somewhere like Budapest for half a year with the 10k I have saved but I'm not sure where to start.
Nice excuse, faggot. This is the trademark phrase of all burnout idiots who were above-average in school but too dumb to get their shit together. Hell, I'm betting you don't apply yourself so you can pretend it's your laziness that prevents your success, and not your lack of talent.
Asia, mate. 10k quid will take you very, very far in Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Malaysia, or Indonesia.
Budapest is a good choice. It's where I went. I emailed a bunch of companies there and eventually got a job, went and only ever come back to the UK now for family stuff like now, for a birthday. I don't miss England at all. With that kind of money, Asia is probably a better choice but I have no idea how their visa system works.
Do you lack the ability to appreciate sarcasm?
Those places are 2warm4me. I hate hot weather.Do you live there now?Do you have any links you used to find a job?
I live there and if you hate hot weather, maybe it isn't for you because it's close enough to the Mediterranean to get really hot for half the year. I just googled Hungarian companies that matched my skills and sent speculative emails to all of them. It took a while but eventually clicked.
That first thing I am pretty sure is untrue. Seem to recall Tao Lin stealing batteries to pay rent.
What skills do you have?I studied History and English though I have experience in hospitality and two years of office experience. Also it sucks it's so hot, though surely I can just stay indoors with a fan and some thick curtains?
They paid for college and then gave me money for Christmas and stuff. The first five years, they'd give me $1,000 on average for Christmas and my birthday. But after that, they started giving me less. My brother gives me, like, $300 every year. My brother and my parents also own my apartment, so I only need to pay $526 or something every month for maintenance.batteries thing was just another gimmick.
10k Try again
Huh?
That's hardly wealth.
$500 a month rent in nycyes, it is, also they owned the apartment so if he missed a payment it's not like their going to dump all his shit on the street and change the locks, face it, lin is a trustfund baby, just like 99% of "creatives" in new york
You're right. I missed this detail:My brother and my parents also own my apartmentI'm going to sleep.
Two words, my friend: social security.
If you don't believe adversity can be overcome then I am very glad you're not going to write anything.
If only Evola learned about his magazine earlier, he probably sponsor him.
None of that will make you a good writer you fucking idiot.
adversityAdversity in my context is having more than enough money but no time or energy to work at something in a focused, dedicated way. Stealing an hour or two each day is depressing as hell and often leads to needless revisions and extreme pressure to make something of the few hours allowed to you after ten hours or selling your soul.
having a shitload of free time won't help you become a better writerHUURR DUUUUR Fuck off kid.
Just about every artistic medium is that way.
I quit my job and spent hours in cafes reading and writing. I wrote an 81 thousand word novel from start to finish in around two months. I'll tell you if it was worth it or not if I ever get published.
this is a common complaint of MFA grads who are the new literary elite: that they're all upper middle class white people.
Age?Location?
Dostoevsky came up and wrote C&P in order to pay off creditors for his gambling debts in something like 8 monthsFaulkner wrote as i lay dying while working at a power plant i believe.Stop cherrypicking authors to make up excuses for your shit writing skills
Faulkner wrote as i lay dying during his workhours at the power plant.fixd for u
save upThose places are 2warm4me. I hate hot weather.I am in the exact situation situationthis weather removes all destinations from the poolI will look into, south of france, croatia, hungary etc. or somewhere in asia elevated enough to avoid the shity humidity and heat
Upon his return to the USA, Vollmann started work as a computer programmer, even though he had virtually no experience with computers. According to a New York Times Magazine profile by the novelist Madison Smartt Bell, for a year Vollmann wrote much of his first novel, You Bright and Risen Angels, after hours on office computers, and subsisted on candy bars from vending machines and hiding from the janitorial staff.
that just sounds like they had a lot of time to do what they wanted. You can accomplish just as much as a NEET.Apparently the one thing Kafka regretted was that he worked too much.
Dostoevsky was raised in a comfortable household and was friendly with the guys who published his first book and hyped him as the new Gogol. It was also a time when the reading public lapped up anything published. Anyone with a minimum of artistic talent could have earned something of a living writing short stories at the time. Jack London was still doing it decades later in the US to fund his more literary endeavours.Faulkner is always posted in threads on this topic as well as Kafka and usually by people who have not bothered to do their own research. Faulkner worked one hour per night and then when the firemen fell asleep he had several hours to read and write in silence and comfort working overnight at a power plant that wasn't used all that much when everyone in town was asleep.
Where do you currently live? not sure if this is Hungary dude or notI've looked into renting a caravan in the middle of nowhere but it still costs a lot of money. I'm looking around for part-time jobs but there aren't many going that will allow me to rent.
You seriously think he wrote 150,000+ words in a year while hiding in his office after eight hours of work?
Any source on that Kafka thing?Not doubting just curious.
Where do you currently live?I am a shut-in in north of france
For computer programmers, unless you have a deadline your just sitting in a cubicle surfing the web all day. Your usually finished with your daily assignments by lunch.
To be fair to McCarthy he did generally spend a huge chunk of his life in general poverty, self-inflicted for the most part sure, but still. He lived in a literal shack in the woods that had no heat or running water for a while. And even after that he bummed around living in shitty motels and living off beans and shit.
Do you keep up with French contemporary literature? If so, have you read of Oscar Coop-Phane and what is your opinion of him if so?Also have you read Houellebeq's manifesto in which he advocated unemployment for aspiring writers?
I should clarify that I meant a good chunk of his adult life.
where do you work?
I also wonder about south america, but then it would contrary my plan to get into the asian philosophieshe has always a the fall-back of coming home
It's on his wikipedia page. He resented practising law because it detracted from his writerly ways.
Software engineer for Rosetta Stone, Language learning place.
How many hours do you work a week?I work 45 and the long hours of wasting time is getting to be so fucking depressing despite the financial security they give me.
Oh I knew he resented it but I didn't know he later regretted it. Minor point I guess. Also he only worked that way until he was around 25, at which point he only worked from 8am until 1pm
40 on average. I have a notebook that I write in though during my lunch break. I also bring a USB drive filled with book pdfs to read during downtime.
I guess you're making more than me. It's just suffering. Not even like conspicuous suffering, which makes my sense of suffering worse since I can't point to physical wounds or some shit to prove it. I sit there getting tired and numb and bitter every day yet I have to continue doing so because of a "that's the way the world is" mentality and a lack of alternative jobs
STEINBECK TEINBECK
Steinbeck worked as a freelance journalist and then part-time as a caretaker in Lake Tahoe before his first book was published
Which seems to be obviously paralleled at the ETA
Well what do you wanna do with your life?
We live in a different world, nigger. There is no need to work in the first world although it's still preferable since you get outside and gain experience and education is usually free or close to it. Stop looking for excuses.When I moved to LondonThat's your mistake.But he is correct. Sure, having more time is great but if you can't squeeze in few hours of writing in a normal workday of a student, you just suck at time management and related things which in turn lower your chances of being a decent writer even if you had infinite free time.Sweet, even more reasons to get the fuck to UK.
my internet hook-up is breaking up, so idk if this will go thruI do not keep up with literature of today, but I have heard good things about OCP. OFC, if you want to mock him, you can say that he is a little parisian phenomenon. I do not like the subjects whereof he treats ; they are foreign to me, are well-worn, déjà-vu, clichés..Perhaps he will be good, if he finds a subject good and original. If you wish to hear critics reviewing books and filmsis a famous emission which is quite praised.Now about H., I do not like him, again about the subjects and this time the prose as well.About his manifest, I cannot find him on the internet, so I do not know the content. I think that the unemployment bit is a cliché, so it is as true as it is false. I think that there can be other paths.
Yeah it's depressing, and it's kind of made me lose faith in books and music that claim to be speaking for or identifying with the "average person" to find that all these books about poverty and alienation and all these punk rock bands are mostly created by the upper-middle class.How is there supposed to be any literature of the working class if working class people can't afford time to write literature? Or if they do, it won't meet the stylistic qualities of the "currently hip literature scene" and the person won't good connections, so it'll be disregarded and laughed at.It means that any literature about normal people is actually written by rich hipsters in a kind of exploitative way, even if the hipsters are leftists and think they're friends of the working class, they secretly can't help but be patronizing somewhat.
mfw wagecucks and collegebabbies try to live the literary lifestyle enjoy your 9 to 5 and mediocre prose that never earns you an ounce of recognition
At the moment I primarily want more free time. That means more energy and more focus on reading and also on writing. I had a publishing house take interest in my first book two years ago but I withdrew it because it was too much like YA. I've since written another one and it was rejected. Now I'm on a third and it is way different to the others in a way I am relieved about and excited by. I realize this is the age of the millenial and that we as a demographic are perceived as being needy and ignorant of what hard work means but almost two years in this job have gone by and I have spent most evenings just tired and dead. I fully understand why people just zone out in front of the TV at night, it feels like lifting weights all day and then demanding that your muscles perform some other laborious task in your free time when I'm writing. Not to kid myself I've done the research and found most writers worth their salt worked part-time or not at all when writing their debut works. The ones who worked full time are rare. Just recently Joshua Ferris quit his work to write And Then We Came To An End. Donald Wilson Pollock quit his job to write Knockemstiff. Atticus Lish wasn't working when he wrote Preparations for the Next Life. And so on. I have dozens of examples all memorized over the past century or so. I'm not saying I have the same talent as these guys but if I don't then I am fucked if I also lack the time to develop what talent I feel I do have.
That's your mistakeIf you weren't such an edgy child and knew anything about the British job market you'd know graduate employment is dead in most post-industrial towns and cities.
His manifesto is here: just out of curiosity are you new to this board? But yeah Houllebeq was pretty extreme, he was in a few mental hospitals and so on before finding a job at the French agriculture ministry where he hated working.
Where are you from and what are your creative ambitions?I'd be interested in starting some sort of /lit/ email exchange or whatever where people who are actually in the process of trying to write and get published can drop in when they like and discuss things about their work or publishing culture etc.
there is no need to work. you can do fine without a job. you can be homeless and live well through the charity of others if you beg/chat people up every morning for a few hours. libraries contain every knowledge you'll want, and, with the inclusing of internet/computers, you have access to the same shit as anyone else. you can store your writings online.but begging is a jobhardly, though begging for 2 maybe 3 hours to earn enough to buy some clothing/meals/whatever else you might need isn't difficult. i can sometimes beg for a half hour and have enough money for meals for 2 days.using their money i often print out interesting essays and other shit that i read on the internet to hand while i beg. you've probably never thought seriously about life without a job, but it's not difficult at all when you're young. i suggest saving up some money and giving it a test run before you commit, to find out if your city is any good, that way you aren't fucked like an idiot.
Having nowhere to shit in privateHaving nowhere to sleep in silenceNo thanks troll
hardly, though begging for 2 maybe 3 hours to earn enough to buy some clothing/meals/whatever else you might needNigga what?
Or you could just live on welfare?
luxuries.are you surprised? with no responsibility, bills, debt, credit, any of that shit you can live well off handouts.
Also just out of curiosity are you new to this board?no not really
H. is good at his subject. I think that the prose matches well the theme, but it is not my thing.H. says in a video about his manifesto that it missed the material condition to write, for instance to have a good health.
Try working in a manual labor job or oil rig work. Its more stimulating mentally and you work 3 weeks and get a week off or sometimes 2 weeks and 2 weeks off. But you work everyday for at least 12 hours.
There's some Britfag who posts on /lit/ doing that in Scotland I believe
Link to the video?
I work 3 days a week, 40 hours in those days. I spend 20 of those hours reading. I make minimum wage but I don't give a fuck. I have enough to pay rent, pay off my student loans, buy booze, and to go out for dinner regularly with my gf. I know some people need a career but I can't imagine why at this stage in my life. I have 4 days off to read and watch films every week.
How old are you?
How could you miss the joke this hard?
24why?
Just curious. I'm the same age. Where do you live?
i really don't understand the government and would rather depend on actual people
In Ontario. What about you?What path are you following through life at this point?
Londonfag. I work 45 hours a week in data. It sucks and rent is fucking me in the ass. Looking around for other jobs but nothing's biting. Pretty jelly of your situation bro.
That doesn't sound the best. Whatever though, I'm sure my lack of any useful job experience will screw me in the future if I ever get the desire to have a real job. Try to stay positive brah
Yeah the long-term thing is the only thing preventing me from quitting, but it's bare consolation. Do you have any creative ambitions?
Not particularly. Although I will say that my desire to produce something has definitely increased though only marginally over the last year that I've spent doing basically nothing but reading books and watching films.
cafesvain hipster faggot detected
Richard Linklater worked for two years on an oil rig in Texas before moving to Houston aged 25 and living rent free for five years it was cheap as shit in 1991 and watching movies 8 hours a day on average.
Yeah I know about that actually. I'm a massive Linklater fan. Not only is he a great director but he also just seems like a really good dude with an enviable perspective on existence. Have you ever listened to any of his commentaries?
although I agree about the sympathy with the working class being a little hypocritical on the part of the leftists, your excuse that the working class can't find time is a little stupid, it's more that they don't give a shit about literature that isn't genre fiction
confusing the pseudo-aristocratic class with the capitalist classThis is why poorfags will never write much.
Yeah I watched Slacker and it really hit me, he put his neck out to film it that way though the technique was influenced by some french surreal movie whose name slips my mind and it really paid off. I've only watched the commentary for Slacker it's on youtube I think and I also have a book which includes the script in whole, interviews with the director and dozens of actors, and intros by Dennis Cooper and some other folk. I think one of the contemporary equivalents to that movie is The Comedy. I actually had an idea for a collection of short stories / vignettes / scenes similar to Slacker but with the community being an internet forum rather than a single geographical place, but I've put the idea aside since I'm working on a novel. What's your favourite Linklater?
poorI have 6k of disposable income, own a 1.7 million dollar home, and have a car that cost me a little over 0.3 million.I'm not poor.
I agree to an extent, though here in the UK at least people do take to literary books that are well-written. Trainspotting for example was a huge hit, Stoner is huge and in the 60s / 70s we had the Angry Young Men "movement" that involved mostly working class dudes writing largely for a working class audience. In art we had the Pitmen Painters also, for example. I think working class people are just generally disinterested in literature unless they are given a reason to care i.e. the work reflects or focuses on lives somewhat similar to theirs.
Way to misinterpret the OP faggot. Bragging on an anonmous internet forum full of losers sure is awesome, huh?
That actually sounds like a pretty neat idea man. Several of his movies rank amongst my favourites including Dazed and Confused and Before Sunset but I think his masterpiece is Boyhood. I think the Before trilogy as a whole is also a massive, beautiful, moving accomplishment but I think Boyhood basically brought in everything that he's been interested in for decades and synthesized it beautifully. It took a few watches of Boyhood until it really made its impact on me. What about you?
and yet a supreme gentleman like you still can't get laid! it's just not fair, amirite?
braggingI'm not? I'm not some dirty materialist.I'm not a virgin, and I don't believe in premarital sex.
Your parents don't need to be rich for you to have the fall back of going back home if shit gets rough. Also you can say that but you don't really know McCarthy's relationship with his parents, you don't know for sure if that was ever an option for him.
oh i get it now, you have really strict controlling parents who will cut off your trustfund if you don't do what they say so you've adopted this "traditionalist" ideology as a way to justify your pathetic dependence on your parents, cool
le independant prole face
I've only seen Boyhood once and I think I'll have to watch it again sometime, the first time I was a little put off by the dialogue and a handful of the scenes where he seemed to be trying to produce an emotional reaction. Will have to watch again. I liked Dazed and Confused though I liked it in pretty much the same way I enjoyed Fast Times at Ridgemont High. I'm into coming-of-age movies in a big way and I guess I appreciate it for being like quintessentially 70s like The Virgin Suicides more than anything. Slacker is still my favourite just because of the fact that he could have so easily given up on selling that movie since so many people flaked out after showing interest in it, and although in summary and even in watching it's rather boring it isn't a sort of navel-gazing, everyone-my-age-is-super-jaded boredom. It's clever and precise and very funny. Also what's weird is that many of his movies are set over a single day, not sure why that is. Linklater I think is a lot like DFW's books, they appear to be sort of casual and slack and hip but there are constant reminders that he is trying to do something more than that and that there's this theme he keeps returning to and so on.
Yeah I agree completely with all of that. Slacker doesn't feel at all as though it's something radically experimental or obnoxiously artsy despite being totally out there structurally. His most experimental films are always films that are basically accessible to anyone, and they're films that often receive a lot of love from people not that interested in film. The fact that Boyhood almost won the Oscar for Best Picture is still incredible to me similar to when Tree of Life was nominated. I think the specific temporality of his films is usually related to both his interest in the impact of time and also his interest in being as naturalistic as possible while mining as many insights about human beings that he can. Woolf said something along the lines that you should be able to depict everything important about human existence by focusing on one day in a character's life hence Dalloway. And yeah, it wasn't until the third viewing Boyhood clicked in a big way for me. The dialog and the performances become more natural over time to the point that the movie genuinely just feels like a documentary. It's a movie that I think more than almost any other I've ever seen makes the daily process of just living look like a beautiful experience. Fuck I love Linklater.
Do you think you'd get into film or literature if you do feel like producing something at some point?Do you know of any contemporary movies that sort of reflect the current "zeitgeist" the way Slacker did for the sort of hip, intellectual dropouts of the 90s?
I don't have a trust fund you idiot, I work for a living.Money buys freedom, I have the freedom to never have to worry about petty nonsenseOne day, I'll inherit 2000 acres of fertile wheat farmland and be set for life.Why are you Marxists always so bitter? I was homeless for two months when I was 15.
They're convenient and cheap.When you quit your job and go NEET without having a place of your own it's better than trying to work at home while whoever you're staying with crawls up your ass about getting a job.
you can do this with every professionsome musicians get classical training since grade school, some musicians buy a second hand guitar at 15some athletes have parents who competed in the Olympics, some athletes kick a flat volleyball around on a dirt roadyou aren't being held back by the conditions you find yourself in. some people might find themselves ahead of you, but the speed and ease with which they 'achieve success' has no bearing on your life path
I have the freedom to never have to worry about petty nonsenseYet here you are, getting mad online on a Sunday in early summer because nobody here likes you
No, but for the most part it is the province of the financially secure. Some authors become secure by living a frugal lifestyle, others generate large incomes, while others are born into enough wealth that they never need another income. I've been fortunate enough to have a large inheritance, and intend to make the most of it by living frugally but not uncomfortably and writing my heart out.
Definitely film. I made some short films when I was in high school and university and it was generally a satisfying experience, despite never making anything even remotely good. I'm not exactly sure as to how to pinpoint the zeitgeist of the current moment but movies I would recommend that I think capture elements of that zeitgeist would be Frances Ha actually not that far a cry from Linklater's stuff, beautiful movie about a 28 year old drifting with little tangible ambition, also a mockery of trustfund babies, Detention by Joseph Kahn a depiction of teenagers captured with a frenetic, inexplicable style that mashes together all genres and emerges as something hilarious and surprisingly moving, and Southland Tales decried by most as a colossal mistake I think it's probably one of the most interesting looks at American culture around, also one of the most perceptive, and aside from that is technically brilliant and hilarious. Most people dislike the last two but there are some ardent supporters look to Steven Shaviro/J Hoberman/Amy Taubin for insightful pieces if you do happen to watch the films.
I'm not mad though, you are.I'm enjoying an hour off from my calligraphy practice.
Kafka?
kafka worked odd hours at an office or something and stayed up all night writing.
I-I'm not mad, y-you are
He worked long hours for like two years before working 8am - 1pm
I really don't know how people function on little to no sleep. When i'm sleep deprived i can't focus on the most mundane stuff, let alone do some actual productive work.
Didn't he also die at a relatively young age?
When I was working full time I even told myself that it's the killer of creativityIf you can find a way to live neet then you're afforded virtually all of the intellectual options as anyone else, though matters involving other people have various barriers to entry
I'm thinking of doing a brief stint in the Navy to get patriotism points for when I inevitably run for office. How hard is that life?
i hear it's hard to masturbate
theyThere's plenty of working class people here who do give a shit and still can't catch a break because of how much they have to work.
Cormac McCarthy hated work and could afford to since his dad was a major lawyersauce on this. Cormac, from my knowledge, was living in very poor circumstances up till The Orchard Keeper. You only need read Suttree to get a sense of what his life was like.
I don't think there's much of a sauce, from Wikipedia:McCarthy was born in Providence, Rhode Island, one of six children of Charles Joseph McCarthy and Gladys Christina McGrail McCarthy.[25] In 1937, his family relocated to Knoxville, where his father worked as a lawyer for the Tennessee Valley Authority.[26] The family first lived on Noelton Drive in the upscale Sequoyah Hills subdivision, but by 1941 had settled in a house on Martin Mill Pike in South Knoxville this latter house burned in 2009.[27] Among his childhood friends was Jim Long 1930–2012, who would later be depicted as J-Bone in his novel Suttree.[28] McCarthy attended St. Mary's Parochial School and Knoxville Catholic High School,[29] and was an altar boy at the Church of the Immaculate Conception.[28] He attended the University of Tennessee from 1951–52 and 1957–59 but never graduated. While at UT he published two stories in The Phoenix and was awarded the Ingram Merrill Award for creative writing in 1959 and 1960.After marrying fellow student Lee Holleman in 1961, they "moved to a shack with no heat and running water in the foothills of the Smoky Mountains outside of Knoxville". There they had a son, Cullen, in 1962. While caring for the baby and tending to the chores of the house, Lee was asked by Cormac to also get a day job so he could focus on his novel writing. Dismayed with the situation, she moved to Wyoming, where she filed for divorce and landed her first job teaching.[30]But you could construct it like this:be spoiled lawyer kidhave to stand on own foot and make own money, but want to be writer insteadtell wife to go working so you can write more
What do you work as now?
Rich Dad = Rich Chile, like duh. Haven't you noticed? Or wait, what, I have no fucking money whatsoever. Oh yeah, this is by choice.I have my own house. Though. Elite NEET.
It'd be a cynical way of looking at things though. Clearly OP is bending info to suit his arguments.
These people all had talent, at least in their parents' eyes. Maybe there lies your problem, OP.
bump
Wasn't Milton a civil servant?T.S. Eliot wrote the Wasteland while he was a banker.Chekhov was a doctor.Celine was a doctor.Kafka worked 20+ hours a week.MelvilleNovalis worked all his life.Generally though, OP's observation is correct.
scrapes together 7 counter-examples from all of human historyone of them suggests 20 hours a week is full-time
Should us poor folk even bother writing in 2015?I tried it, but I couldn't cope with the fact that I  have no fucking talent because I'm a stupid mixed race mongrel who should have been aborted, but there is no mercy in this world. My single mother kept me as a paycheck from the government, and my father abandoned us to find his own personal nirvana with needle drugs and catamites. I was never diagnosed with autism, but I figured out that you can contract it from this godawful website for pervert weeaboos. If I were braver I would have killed myself by now. But even then I'm still a failure. Cormac McCarthy said that writers were all failures at something else. But what does that make me if I'm a failure at writing?
Do you honestly think an attorney working for the Tennessee Valley Authority is that wealthy?
Stop whining, seriously. It's very unbecoming.
You sound like a less homicidal Elliot Rodger.
Replace "mixed race mongrel" with "stupid girl" or any other demographic group that's been silenced or not had time to write. Most people can get hung up on that stuff, but are you most people? Can you overcome it? A few do...
Fitzgerald was solidly middle-class, he lucked his way into prep school and Princeton.When he went back to St. Paul to revise This Side of Paradise, it was as a failure. IT wasn't very leisurely. Afterwards he hit it big and could do whatever the fuck he wanted.
You're such a child.w-why does he have more money than me and not care?J.S. Bach worked his ass off doing commissions so he could have time to do his own work.
500 a month rentNYCthis is impossible. You won't find an apartment, even in the outer boroughs, for less than a grand -- even if you go as far to split a studio or one-bedroom with another guy.You could be in the bumfuck Rockaways and still be paying 2100 a month for a studio the size of a postage stamp.
It is when your parents own the apartment like Tao Lin's.
Say why.Is it because structures, moral values, discipline... are intuitive skills for the upper class?
What sort of darkie was your mother
Lower your standard of living. Purge away possessions you didn't need them anyway. You will find yourself now with less overhead and more time.
Is writing a recreation of the upper classes /lit/?I think there actually is something of this in the writing process. If you look at those charts that are posted sometimes, the: "Breakdown of how X author spent his day" very few of them had jobs they had to work, fewer still had a 9-5 grind around which they had to fit their writing. Let's face it, no matter how good a writer you are, you're never going to have as much time to hone your craft as someone who has an extra eight+ hours a day of leisure-time on you.There's a reason unemployment or underemployment is part of 'the literary lifestyle'
this is literally untrue. you can very much rent a room in brooklyn for 500 a month. i have friends doing it right now.
and i have a friend in manhattan paying 1100 for a one bed room split with someone else and.... the upper east side is also p affordable.
mfw stuck in 9-5 jobif kafka can do it, so can i
I've been in Thailand for a month and will be here until August. I've just been relaxing, getting massages, and reading all day. It's costing me around $1k a month to live comfortably but you could definitely live here or less
Maybe they had some ridiculous rent controlled setup
It seems unlikely that the current American upper middle class will ever produce literature worth reading. They are, as a whole, just about the most boring, stereotypical, uninspired, heterogeneous group of people to have ever lived.
It is because they have no appreciation for high art, civility, or culture. They are too ugly and stupid to be considered human.
The middle class can write about as well as the working class and below. Only the wealthy upper class has the propensity to create great literature.

Serious question, are you 12?
I was never diagnosed with autism, but I figured out that you can contract it from this godawful website for pervert weeaboosI wholeheartedly agree with this. 4chan hasn't made me socially anxious or anything, that is I can still get along with people and have fun talking to them, but I just never feel like it. I'd rather read than deal with normies.

i think this is more about your parents both seeming like horrible people rather than a race thingdon't lead off with that unless you have a real good reason to
No, but it's interesting to see what writers who came from poor backgrounds and who had to work for a living produce in comparison.See Bukowski or Stephen King.
Tarantino took all his savings and lived in Amsterdam for 6 months to concentrate on writing Pulp Fiction.
and then where and how did he find somebody to believe in his scenario ?
Benjamin Franklin and Christopher Columbus are two other productive people who took night shifts at jobs so they could work on someone elses dime.
edgy autistic rich idiots, get a grip on reality

why the fuck live to a boring and costly western city like Amsterdam for free time?
Something to do with the cinemas using subtitles and not dubs.No shit.Plus weed.
He already had a contract or so he thought - it actually fell through when he turned in the script.By that stage he had already directed a film and had multiple scripts produced.He wrote his first successful/selling scripts while working part time at a video shop. He was broke enough that he ended up in jail because he couldn't afford to pay his parking tickets.He also wrote at work, but they didn't care because he worked for free all the time since he had no social life and was repellant to women.
I don't I was supported for most of this past year by my ex girlfriend, and now I'm back living at a warehouse my grandfather ownsThough I have none of my things here anymore so this is how I'm living
That was after he made Reservoir Dogs and had sold the scripts for True Romance and Natural Born Killers which were being developed by big name directors like Tony Scott and Oliver Stone.
he wears pantsNOOOORMIIIIIEEE
I'm pretty sure proles/plebs/poor people are only capable of base emotion and are intellectually deficient tbh.
Im glad you posted this op, part of the reason i come to /lit/ is for the qtsWhy does /lit/ have such great taste?
Why are rich people so rude and disillusioned, eh
You're forgetting that lovecraft was insane. He thought of himself as a proper gentlemen that simply couldn't be expected to work a 9-5. Writing was literally the only form of employing he could bring himself to do with out swallowing his pride. And even that he failed to capitalisation on despite his fans.He's died like a pennies jew for it. He's thought of himself as gentleman writer but hobo with a scrapbook book would be closer.
It means that any literature about normal people is actually written by rich hipsters in a kind of exploitative way, even if the hipsters are leftists and think they're friends of the working class, they secretly can't help but be patronizing somewhat.Ture but can you honesty say the same doesn't apply to victor hugo, charles dickens turn of century upper class authors? Rich hipsters who write about common folk in a kind of exploitative way?
It's mainly an ability to escape from the workforce that allows one to think differently and oftenBut everyone comes from different paths with different destinations.I went to a club last night my friend had to pay for me and I realized that I really want to, for a time, live as a normal 23 year old with a normal job and a normal social life If I was bourgeois, I wouldn't be going through the necessary adversity of having to adapt to greater society If I had always been regular, I wouldn't be able to see it with a new, creative eye that see's opportunity where others see nothing Those are jeans, but I actually do usually wear sweatsThe kind I'm wearing don't have pockets so I didn't feel like going to the liquor store with them
Lovecraft himself lamented how much he missed out in life as a younger man because he was allowed to be racist manic depressed bourgeois shut in.Not in those words. But remember despite refusing to work he wrote his best works living on tuppence. You can always write full time if you're willing to beggar yourself. He did.
charles dickensupper class authorturn of the centuryu wut m8
How does any of that make him insane?
 Yeah bad example. He wasn't Oliver twist poor but he certainly wasn't well off. The point is but a lot of the clasic authors who wrote about Victorian poverty were typically weren't poor themselves. They needed money, connections and education to write. But they still were able to write honest sympathetic and heart wrenching depictions of the working class and didn't refer to them as a bunch of racist bigoted shit lords.  Why can't today is rich kids do that?
"I soon realized that a student of English literature who does not know the Bible does not understand a good deal of what is going on in what he reads: the most conscientious student will be continually misconstruing the implications, even the meaning."
I read the bible and comprehended it at 5. This is old news to me, boy.
I read the bible and comprehended it at 3.5. This is even older news to me, younger boy.
Knowledge of the Bible and God's grace has been part of my soul since inception. This is old news to me youngest boy.
Sorry, Plato, the dubs speak against you
I soon realized that people who don't know anything about Mesopotamia, Egypt and Zoroastrianism don't understand a good deal of the Bible
Knowledge of the Bible and God's grace was predetermined for me before my very existence. This is but old news to me, youngling.
bible not bad. 8/10 It's no metamorphosis
porn
I don't know who said that, but it sounds about right.
Did Shakespeare actually write all his plays or do you think someone else did?
Yes
Wow, so progressive.
You already posted that yesterday. Is your urge to shitpost not even worth originality ?
I think he did
Hey everyone, let's have a white man play Othello!
i think it's an attempt to make a maymay
It's a misprint. Supposed to be Othello.
Romeoa niggerNo
what's wrong, juliet is just moving on to bigger and better things
Was William "Little White Willy" Shakespeare a cuck?
neckbeard virgin detectedEnjoy being proud of something you have no control of. Meanwhile you get cucked by those you despise my friend ;
All signs point to yes
meanwhile, this is how their Othello cover looks
Has there been a production of Othello with an all black cast except for the titular character?
Why he too lazy for use shoe polish for face and hands make-up?
oh yeah?with it, everyone wants to show how progressive they are by using niggers to play Shakespeare characters.It's disgusting. Romeo is a young Italian Renaissance boy, not a nigger.
Irene JacobI fell in love with her watching Veronique. Now I'm disgusted that red pill black guy has kissed has tits.Thanks for spoiling my love for her.
JUST
FUCK
hi
Sister: what kind of book u wantHim: just fuck my shit up
sisterLONDONONDON
You made Sasha laugh she's sitting here next to me
:3
MY
hi
BOARD
UP
WEYMOUTHEYMOUTH
that moustache and highbrowshow can one man be so high test
By retaining all of his semen. Nietzsche actually writes about it and says that.
I-I-I have hairy eyebrows too
Hi /lit/, do you know any writer who did not pursued a formal education? I always had problems with school, and eventhough i was a decent student and went to a great college, i never could stop hating going to college, feeling that i didnt belong there. I feel very ashamed of seeing that the people i admire the most writers are not like me in this aspect, so i still hope i could find a writer that i admire and suffered the same problem as me.
Jose Saramago looks like Bernie Sanders.
Bukowski went to community college :^
It shows in his writing tbh.
well duh, he's anti-intellectual and anti-education so its no coincidence most of the psued imposters on /lit/ that worship nabokov can't stand him
Actually they can't stand him because theyre angry sjw
There's a whole bunch of writers who've hated the jaded world of universities, Other just didn't went to uni/college, but that does not necessarily mean that they weren't able to write on an exceptionally high level.Examples from Germany I'm german myself:Wolfgang Borchert fought in WWII and died shortly afterHeinrich Böll WWII veteran, Nobel laureateHermann Hesse worked at a bookshop prior to his writing career, Nobel laureateHeinrich Mann worked at a bookstore and a publisher, brother of Thomas MannOur boy B. Brecht studied, but not for long before having his breakthrough as a drama author
Wolfgang BorchertA name we hear not often enough on /lit/
Bukowski didn't go to book school, he went to books.
he's unbelievably great. Great stories, great word rythm, great metaphors/images. I own his whole work, sadly, it's just one book.
Saramago was a common shoemaker and only started writing after having retired, but you probably already know that.
Is she gone forever?Will there ever be another video?Are we limited to only herTumblr page?
Cease posting, back to Reddit
Got sand in your vagina?
who cares
Link tumblr?
for what?
newfag detected
I'm not joking when I tell you to either go back to Reddit or lurk more. Stop shitting up this board.

there is such a thing as an International Pynchon Week 
Why was Nietzsche such a goon nigger? I don't think any philsopher in the history of the west has been and had his work twisted by such uncontrollable anger and frustration as Nietzche. Just count the number of exclamation marks in his works. How could anyone past the age of 20 think of such a bitter edge lord as the GOAT philosopher.
He's right about literally everything though tbh
Yeah his ideas were great but his prose is cringeworthy
I feel like he really nails that transcendental element but lacks fundamental cohesion
ITT: morons read Nietzsche and cast judgmentsWhen did you realize that nobody on /lit/ matters, /lit/?
bait.jpg
goon niggergoonAre you from MPC or something?
1/2 Literature is often purported as being a palliative to loneliness—you lose yourself in another character’s world, psychology, dreams; you develop empathy; you experience the consciousness of another writer. DFW said this most explicitly, Hemingway talked about it, Steinbeck acknowledged it in his fiction, and pretty much everything DeLillo-esque deals with the trope of how we navigate an increasingly lonely America. I’m sorry I can’t offer more examples, but this is what immediately comes to mind.On one hand, reading can be a kind of escapism. You escape the loneliness and depression of your own world to the richness of another that provides comfort, assurance, validation, cerebral stimulation, or simply a rollicking good time, or I guess all of those together.On the other, lit enhances your own experience, that which comes after you put down the book. You can vicariously experience the pains of other characters and have your loneliness validated that way, you might get insights into the hidden pains of strangers whom you’ll never meet because a majority of characters/situations in lit are confected from the author’s own experience, so fictional characters I think exist in some capacity, but I digress; that’s another discussion for another time, and, if you’re lucky, you might even discover something about yourself. I just read 100 Years of Solitude and I found a ton of resonance with all the male characters, who are basically just lonely workaholics with high libido and who go cry in the arms of prostitutes at night.
2/2 But I’m bringing all this up because in my experience I’ve found that sometimes reading can actually magnify loneliness, and I was wondering if any of you can empathize. Unless the book has me absolutely riveted V., Lord Jim, Monte Cristo [to name a few], never am I more critically aware of how lonely I am than when I sit down to read. Maybe I’m afraid of silence, or maybe my concentration is so shitty that I can’t lose myself in a book, but when I’m turning pages, reading sentences, this creeping awareness starts to sink in that, I don’t know, I’m kind of disconnected with this world I’m reading about, that mutual isolation feels nice at first but doesn’t bring companionship or intimacy, and that my interaction with the text is purely commensal: if, for any of these reasons I can’t read or fail to understand what I’m reading, well, that’s that. When I read, my own thoughts and feelings get louder until they drown out the book and I can’t read anymore. At least when I’m sitting down to think or journal I can deal with thoughts directly. I don’t know; I’m talking aloud here. Maybe it’s just passive activities in general. Does anyone know this feel? What are your own experiences with loneliness and lit? Do you find it helps or hurts? What aspects of your own negative emotions make you want to read?
Anyone?
lol this dunmer ass lookin nigga again
when you hit the skooma too hard

I try not to think about it Just ignore it op
Does anyone know this feel?Pic related hits way too close to home.Helps and hurts. The protagonist is an explicitly autiobiographical self-insert, and the brutal honesty that goes into describing his myriad faults and failings has been... unsettling. Of all the characters that might most resemble me, why'd it have to be a virginal, suicidal Glaswegian NEET?Still, the book' s been personally revelatory.I have no idea how to fix my life beyond what I've already done and continue to do, but having someone else so incisively describe what may as well be a mirror of my problems has put things is much sharper focus.And it's a good read, besides.
Reading prose is a great gift to humanity bro. Change your perspective. Reading and writing is a solitary activity. However, the juxtaposition of both is an altruistic notion. To spread ideas. Its like communication secondhand.
I know loneliness better than most people. This may be one of my only insights that others can't fathom. Maybe they've had a lot of romantic partners, traveled the world, had their college parties. None of them understand what it's like to have absolutely nobody in your life.None of the successful people I know can empathize with this feeling. Maybe it's a reflection on how miserable I am, but I like to think it's my one way to understand a part of the world they cannot.
loneliness is great, nothing beats it.
i know this feel
I know what you are talking about. I, and I think a lot of other anons maybe, am very prone to day dreaming and talking to myself in my head. I have to really focus to just listen to the sound around me and not have a voice going on and on about every little thing.Most of the time when I am thinking to myself I am just creating conversations with other people, hypothetical conversations. I didnt realize this for years and it made me realize that it was probably just another aspect of my loneliness showing up.With reading it is somewhat like what you are saying. I dont know if I ever get self conscious just from the act of reading, but it is very easy for me to take one little thing in a book and create a path to some day dream that makes me feel lonely. Cant really articulate though how what you described is similar or different from what Ive experienced.
rare
never am I more critically aware of how lonely I am than when I sit down to readI hate my life just after i masturbate, after seeing a pretty girl get fucked for a few minutes while I sit there like a pathetic ape, ughhh
"I've never been lonely. I've been in a room -- I've felt suicidal. I've been depressed. I've felt awful -- awful beyond all -- but I never felt that one other person could enter that room and cure what was bothering me...or that any number of people could enter that room. In other words, loneliness is something I've never been bothered with because I've always had this terrible itch for solitude. It's being at a party, or at a stadium full of people cheering for something, that I might feel loneliness. I'll quote Ibsen, "The strongest men are the most alone." I've never thought, "Well, some beautiful blonde will come in here and give me a fuck-job, rub my balls, and I'll feel good." No, that won't help. You know the typical crowd, "Wow, it's Friday night, what are you going to do? Just sit there?" Well, yeah. Because there's nothing out there. It's stupidity. Stupid people mingling with stupid people. Let them stupidify themselves. I've never been bothered with the need to rush out into the night. I hid in bars, because I didn't want to hide in factories. That's all. Sorry for all the millions, but I've never been lonely. I like myself. I'm the best form of entertainment I have. Let's drink more wine!"-James Franco
There's also existentialism yay!
while i wasnt raised to believe masturbation is immoral, kant drilled it into me masturbation was retarded and i should feel retarded for doing it
that feel when no gf
I have been writing a story within the universe of George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire. I refuse to call it 'fanfiction', but deep inside I know it is. It's 330 pages though, and I'd like to publish it. What would you recommend?
move it to the recycle bin and accept that you just wrote shitty fanfiction.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAYou used your precious time on this earth, which you will never get back, writing over 300 pages of fanfiction about a universe where midgets run around fucking whores...This is why i come here, freaking priceless.
I refuse to call it 'fanfiction', but deep inside I know it is.The fuck is that supposed to meanWhat would you recommend?Switch all names  done   selfpublish since no one will want to pick that up
OP what the fuck get the fuck out of here
make them new characters and be done with it?
not even bad by fanfic standards
Kill yourself piece of bad-smelling shit
A gun and a bullet to your forehead.
This, change it to a realistic world with normal humans.
No, people. No. I'm not writing about the original characters. I'm using the universe and the cities to write a whole other story with other characters. Far far from the original plot. I'm not writing about Ned Stark forbidden love with Robert Baratheon or shit.
inb4 originality?
Re-write it as a novel in your own universe or it will never get published.It is known.
Dude.It's 2015.There is no future for anyone anywhere anyway.He mind as well.
Post it on Deviantart because that's probably the only place where people would read a bad fanfic with half-hearted pretensions of being something other than what it obviously is.
Change character namesChange place namesChange event namesRealize you are a terrible personRecycle this waste of paper
The fuck is that supposed to meanIt means he knows it's a fanfic but is too pretentious to admit it in any context other than anonymously talking about it.
OP here and he couldn't be more right about it.
/thread
What's it about?Where and when is it set?Any familiar characters show up?
I do intend to self-publish it. But it is good content, I assure you. I write decently and all. See, check this discussion between the main antagonist and this minor character who comes to marry the protagonist's daughter."– Flee, son of Regenard – uttered Lord Brus Roxton, resting his right hand against his brother's shoulder, and striking with blue eyes the son of Regenard Turner. – Aye, flee, if that is what demands your heart. Your father's armies will be a great loss indeed, but there are others in this company who shall yet surprise me with honors on the battlefield and yet beyond. And above all my allies there is the Father, lord of justice, and my paramount counselor is the Crone, lady of wisdom. You have the Warrior for an ally, but beyond him none of the Seven seem to care much about your fate. You and your spearmen are strong, but will not be missed by one whose mind can ellaborate the victory of a war. Run back to your haven with your stallion and your men, before my brother rises from this table and slaughter them all. House Roxton, under all the consequences of this dire war, have no time to deal with the complaints of a minor noble such as you. If you do want to be of some use, as you promised you would, I will send you to carry this Maiden of Antlers home to her utterly pathetic father. And I shall myself capture your spoil in this war, which I had before gave you as a generous gift. You shall not take home Jayne of House Ravenwatch as it was promised, but see her become House Turner's gift to your lordship, and she will work in my baths and in my bed and in every other office it pleases me. You do not speak? Did you not dared once to speak as loudly as myself, son of Regenard?– Are you drunk, my lord? Nay, you are either a fool or a mad man, Lord Brus. You fill your dog belly with wine and rides to war by fear, and frown to me with this ugly face, but would never gather your men against Hawkhaven, as you never have, for you know defeat then would be so sure as death. Is this what the Lord of Roxton Keep does? Takes to himself all the honors of men who dare to speak against his imbecility and foolishness? Ser Bryen is not better: no, on the contrary. You ride to war against men who have done you no harm, men who do all they do for the good of the realm! Yet you use a whole circus with House Chernoff to call your war 'honored'. But, my lord, I do swear to you – said Lord Devan, lifting his dagger up in the air. – Under the steel of Hawkhaven I swear, upon the ground you walk there will grow no more grass or flower. You, men of Roxton, will deflour all land with your greaves and boots of leather chasing a prize that will never be yours. And you shall yet scream for the men of Hawkhaven, when you are all falling by the inclement sword of the Slaveslayer of Blackfeather Hall.
underrated post
This hedge knight gets the lordship of an abandoned castle ran by slavers. This other lord, who had promised to run out the slavers and return the castle to the former House who owned it rides to war against this new lord. New lord gets allies. Allies win the war. Peace. Allies betray the lord; lord cunningly sentence them to death. Peace and stability; lord proclaims himself to King Renly. End of book one.
It's set on the Stormlands, right below Griffin's Roost. During the events of a Game of Thrones.There is a whole POV about this character that goes to King's Landing and interacts with minor characters such as Loras Tyrell, etc.
Eh, would have been better to go in the past like the Dunk and Egg stories
"Verily, Lord Brookenshire, I shall speak to you in clunky dialogue this far clunkier exposition -Said Gargamelant, his eyes flashing dangerously in the moonlight-
Please, PLEASE rewrite it, and rewrite it in such a way that it is unrecognizable from the Martin universe. I realize that it may take a bloody lot of time, but you have already put a bloody lot of effort into something that you can call your own work that has risen far beyond mere fan-fiction. Even if it doesn't get published, it will be yours. So change the kingdom, the religion, geography, everything that leads back to fucking ASOIAF, and thén try to get it published. Even if it ends up as a 2 dollar-pocket that 3 people will read, it's better than a little file on your computer of which you wouldn't dare to bother people with it. Hell, even if it doesn't get published, in the end, it will still be YOUR work. Make that shit your own, and I guarantee that you will feel satisfied afterwards. Best of luck!
How clunky?
I don't understand why though, ASoIaF is really basic, cliche-ridden low fantasy.
Dubs of love.
"People don't talk like this" Clunky. I get a speech vibe off of it, but I don't see a man addressing his lord, I see actors on a stage giving some bad-shakespeare dialogue a a phoned in performance.Another criticism is that it's really not engaging at all. I might chalk this up to you extracting a sliver of prose from your work and using it to show us how skillful you are.
You should check out The Last Ringbearer. It's an unofficial sequel to LOTR. The difference being the author is an academic with over a hundred publications in various disciplines, therefore it's worth reading as he gives insights that Tolkien never dreamed of. I for one disagree with Martin's stance on fanfiction. Did the Rhapsodes not embellish Homer? Did the Athenians have copyright? Literature is meant to live, to subscribe to a singular vision is Sisyphean.Here's the pdf version.
That was constructive, anon, thank you. Indeed, that particular excert was made during a shakesperian inspiration I had, but the rest of the text is less clunky than this. Would you mind reading a little bit more?
I just read the Wikipedia article about it. Insights Tolkien never dreamed of is the perfect way to describe it; and a city under industrial progress is also a good way to describe Mordor. I should have written the story of Robert's Rebellion under Rhaegar's perspective. But that would have been even more fanfictious.
I suppose the clunky argument comes in when nobody in that time period actually spoke like that. Indeed early English was a different language entirely. They spoke in the vernacular. Shakespeare wrote in the common language of the people, even as he channeled themes and settings from antiquity.There is no basis for sounding faux medieval.
 – You stated that a good commander can recognize defeat when he sees it, my lord, and so you counsel me to let your men ravage through the streets of Long Rope to Blackfeather Hall, and that I replace my men with yours, and that I walk back to a house in the hills with nothing in my hands. You are indeed welcome in Blackfeather Hall, my lord: welcome to march on past it silently, watching your step not to bother the septon hill above. But as for my courtesy, I'll have a feast in your honor. Yet I suggest you don't spend much time on your plates. Soon you'll see the castle has other guests. Harry Strickland, captain-general of the Golden Company, watches you from the walls of the castle even now. I do admit in shame that few men were left after that fearsome sack. No, here's to show all militar power you'll find in Blackfeather Hall, my lord, sadly. We are few, but my lord is wrong when he says no friends are left to me once Lord Jon has passed away. Does your captain speak of three thousand thunder? Then hear the storm of the ten thousand men of the Golden Company within my walls. If you have come to discuss terms, these are mine: this is my castle, and the busom of my House, and it will not be raped and defloured like a maiden in a riot! – Archers! – roared Ser Hugo Flint, and imposing fear upon the faces of the blue army, various marks of flickering fire rose from the walls of Blackfeather Hall, arrows on fire to color the grey morning sky. 'Ten thousand men', thought Hugo Flint. 'Sons of smiths and artisans, old men and women with bows in their hands. If we ever gave the order, they would probably hit us with the arrows we set upon their quivers'. But the effect had been achieved. Where Hugo could read nothing before, now he could see a tempestuous shadow in Lord Brus Roxton's face.
Still a long monologue, but language is different. More like an enemy would speak to other in a parley and less like the clunky dialogue I sent above. Is it better?
Much better on the eyes. Now remember kids, the only way to sound authentically medieval is to write in French. Barring that, might as well write in the vernacular.
I wouldn't know, I know little of French. But if you think it's better, I'll take it! I am also having trouble in this very chapter. They parley, Lord Roxton retreats and says he'll start a siege and the ten thousand men will take no less time to starve to death than five hundred, and... what next? The point is to make Ser Cortnay Penrose castellan of Storm's End and Devan Turner Gargamelan, the one with the clunky speech, arrive with an actual army to defend Blackfeather Hall. I can't connect the parley to the arrival of the armies, though.
less monologues, mate. less monologues. i get they're lords and taught to speak galantly, but it gets repetitive. monologues are to be rare and good.
I mean good luck finding a representative of GRRM's and convincing them that you're cool enough to publish it.
I live in the other side of the fucking world, really. He's never gonna hear about it.

It can't possibly be worse than the shit George puts out. Go for it. Life's too short to worry about getting sued.Harrrrrroooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
ASOIAF is just the most base fantasy possible. Why not just create your own fantasy world to tell your story in using the fantasy elements aped by GRRM and countless otehr authors? Why make it fanfiction at all?Oh yes, that's right. Because you lack the creativity or talent to do so.
This.Change the names and attempt to get it published.Worked for EL James
 But it is good content, I assure you. I write decently and all. 
I have been writing a story within the universe of Lauren Faust's My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. I refuse to call it 'fanfiction', but deep inside I know it is. It's 260 pages though, and I'd like to publish it. What would you recommend?I do not actually want to get it published.
Martin says he hates fanfiction because he knew a writer that encouraged fanfiction that ended up getting blackmailed after someone wrote a story that was very similar to her yet unreleased book. The fan wanted co-author credit and half of the money, so the original author just never published the book to avoid litigation.
Change the important names and submit it as an original manuscript.
think so? Well, I thought it was good.
There's also an opposite to the Kruger effect, whereby an expert will disregard his ability based on knowing more firmly the finitude of his knowledge.
delete itgrrm hates fanfictionyou couldn't have picked a worse author to steal frommind as well.mind
 write an historical novel based upon the war of the roses  realise fantasy sells better change the names of the house, add some shit about dragons and skeleton which never go anywhere  throw in a load of good rape and incest for good Measure  kill all the interesting characters and then focus on edge lordsTell the fans they should stop writing bad fanfiction and do something original...
Divine Comedy was just basically just bible fanfiction OP, who cares just get it out to the people who would want to read it.
Harrrrrroooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
Fuck that fatfuck. I'll just follow the TV series timeline instead of the book's and claim I'm actually stealing from HBO.
How would that even happen? Even if a fanfic scumbag got good enough to mimic their style that effectively, how would they know enough about an upcoming book to blackmail them over it?
find Jean Rhys' publicist
It's like if Newton engaged in litigation against Liebniz. Although Liebniz has trolled generations of math students with his funky notation, that some professors take upon themselves to mandate. Standardize! motherfuckers.
He says, shit-posting on 4chan on a Saturday night
What is the book about?

half of it sounds like that one online bad facebook game
Are you serious? It doesn't matter if you think you wrote it well or that you think you're a good writer, you've literally just written fan-fiction using someone else's original work and are now too ignorant and narcissistic to let up on the fact that you've just written shitty fan-fiction.
Did't read the thread but GRRM doesn't approve of fanfiction, and doesn't want anyone else to use his world. I remember reading that he's said he can't stop people from doing it, but would like that they kept it to themselves and didn't publish it on the internet or anywhere where others can read it. So if you ever tried to actually publish something set in his world, the fat man would sue you and destroy you like Wyman Manderly devours Freys. Also I'm on his side on this, create your own world you lazy-ass copycat, and stop ripping off of other people's work.
, 
Christianity has the greatest thinkers of any religion!meanwhile they're actually just thinking their way around contrived problems caused by inconsistencies in Christian logic and cosmology
Philosophy has the greatest thinkers of any discipline!meanwhile they're actually just thinking their way around contrived problems caused by inconsistencies in Platonic form and the limits of language
Physics has the greatest thinkers of any discipline!meanwhile they're actually just thinking their way around contrived problems caused by autistic, useless mathematical puzzles and "whoa dude"-tier theories of the universe.
Even though OP is shitposting Christianity is an asinine faith in 2015
Care to elaborate as to why you think that?
No.skydaddy
That doesn't appear to be a particularly well-reasoned justification.
skydaddywell-reasoned
Don't feed the christposters. They just want space to preach Christianity yet again.Christposting is shitposting
reasonwell-reasoned
Already tried that. Yes, it gives them reason to post more, but usually in the same thread. On the other hand, if they're not cruelly mocked enough at every turn, their threads begin to multiply.Trolling them into containment is for the greater good
The little controversies help hone the mind, but we solve the big problems, too. No religion or philosophy really approaches the Christian synthesis in breadth, depth or truth.
I understand my comrade. But this thread hasn't yet hit critical mass. Let this thread die There is a thread about Luther and the Jews if you wantI am saging this
, 
The Guardian, the British newspaper, asked me, "Is romance still alive today?" And my idea, my answer to them was let’s imagine an ideal sexual situation today. Let’s say I meet a lady; we are attracted to each other; we say okay, you are — all the usual stuff — your place, my place, whatever we meet there. Then, what happens then? I come with, she comes with her plastic penis, electric dildo. I come with some horrible thing. I saw it. It’s called something like stimulating training unit, whatever. It’s basically a plastic vagina, a hole. But you can — it’s wonderful technologically. You can regulate everything. How much it squeezes you. How strongly it shakes and so on. So my idea of a perfect date is the following one.We met. Then I put, she puts her plastic penis dildo into my stimulating training unit is the name of this product. Into my plastic vagina. We plug them in and the machines are doing it for us. They’re buzzing in the background and I’m free to do whatever I want and she. We have a nice talk; we have tea; we talk about movies. What can be — we paid our superego full tribute. Machines are doing — now where would have been here a true romance. Let’s say I talk with a lady with the lady because we really like each other. And, you know, when I’m pouring her tea or she to me quite by chance our hands touch. We go on touching. Maybe we even end up in bed. But it’s not the usual oppressive sex where you worry about performance. No, all that is taken care of by the stupid machines. That would be ideal sex for me today.
Needs more sniffing
i heard that speech, was quite interesting and funny.
needs more fisting
Are there any books preferably primary sources one needs to read before the Iliad? I've found a couple of .edu websites that place the story into context and I'm familiar with the judgment of Paris already, but is it a correct notion that one is assumed to be familiar with Greek mythology in general? And if so, will Ovid's Metamorphoses cover everything?
Hard to say; a general guide to mythology might help, but the way the myths have been told vary from period to period and place to place. In large part, the judgment of Paris is sufficient insofar as other myths get mentioned, but don't play any larger role for the most part.It should also be noted that it was understood that the poets were inventing and sometimes even "correcting" the myths that had been passed down. There are allusions to the subject by more minor Greek poets.
no, you can just read that shit
Also keep in mind that the word poet in Greek is derived from the verb "to make"; the poets are makers of a sort, and that's what makes them uniquely what they are.
Well, are the myths Ovid tells the ones that Homer's audience was familiar with, or were those invented later on? Or would you say Ovid's version of the myths differ too much from the original?I'm not worried about not being able to follow the Iliad; my primary concern is trying to emulate how the experience was to the Ancient Greeks. The characters that Homer chronicles of, especially the gods, were already familiar to them, right? My aim is to get familiar with them in a likewise fashion. That's why I brought up Ovid: he seems to be the only primary source that gives an overview of the myths.
That's such a dissatisfying translation. "Maker"
Well, if one accepts at the very least regardless of whether or not a figure named Homer is the composer of the Iliad and Odyssey that those works date to the 8th century BC, then Ovid, who's writing in the second half of the 1st century BC and a little after, is probably going to differ in big ways from what the ancient Greeks might have been familiar with.Maybe try Hesiod? And some of the Greek tragedians, especially Aeschylus? Hesiod's at least contemporary with the period when the Homeric poems were becoming popular among the Greeks, and while the tragedians are later too, they're not as late as Ovid.
What would you prefer?It can also mean to do or act, but it's primary meanings involve making, producing, fabricating, etc.
Any worthy books or essays on the subject of online social networks and their influence on culture?What do you think the equivalent of 4chan was 100 years ago? Also, how does discussing topics with more and more anonymity influence society?Better? Worse?
I can't stop listening to him, /lit/-bros. Not because of this whole meme bullshit, I just genuinely enjoy his commencement speech at Kenyon and what he talks about. I've heard it over and over again and I never get tired of it. It feels so humble and honest to me. He grasped in such vivid examples what life really is: A long, exhausting, hard journey with a few bright moments, and that you're just another person among billions of other persons, yet you can still make a difference, even if it is minuscule and meaningless in the grand scheme of things. Why did hehave to leave us, bros?
Yeah it's a really good speech, I've read or listened to it at least half a dozen times. It concisely hits upon some of the more important and prominent of DFW's themes, and is good, surprisingly pragmatic advice for how to live in our current world.
It's also pretty astounding that he advocates religious or spiritual beliefs at some point he mentions ethical principles, too. I mean we all know and he knew for sure, that religion actually is a kind of opiate, a mean to ease ourselves from the hostility of the world, believing that some metaphysical entity is watching over us. All ethical principles or rules work in a same way, giving us something to hold onto, even if it's meaningless at its core. And it's a million times harder to force yourself to believe in something other than materialistic wealth or other shallow things if you know this - yet still, he recommends it. I guess he could not do it himself, and thus gave up on this plane of existence. Here's the whole speech btw:
everyone needs some healthy delusions, unless you can handle the misery all by yourself without going mad
I'm already fuckin mad, brother. I just try to live by DFDubyas words and be a decent human being, at least while people are around me or if my actions affect their lives.
LAST BOOK YOU READ WHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING WHAT YOU ARE READING NEXT
Mason & Dixon Something Happened I Claudius
Reading Lolita in TehranThe Digital PersonMoby Dick
Cock
last: the paradox of liberation Walzercurrent: pic relatednext: probably Society of the Spectacle
Brothers KaramazovGravity"s Rainbownot sure
The Summer BookThe Brothers KaramazovThe Street of Crocodiles
Blood Meridian and The ApologyJourney to the End of the NightDave Eggers, DFW, Dostoyevskiy
The Catcher in the RyeDer EnzigeA Tale of Two Cities
The Revolt of ManDraculaThe Beautiful and DamnedNothing unorthodox
Oh no why Dave Eggers
UbikLook to WindwardMerhanical Orange
UbikShould I check this out? I read The Man in the High Castle last summer and really liked it
BotchanNarcissus and GoldmundUlysses or the Sound and the Fury
What's wrong with him? A Heartbreaking Work seems like something I could relate toIs he looked down upon here?
La nieve del almirante, mutisBerserk vol. 37The recognitions, Gaddis
Irrational Man: A Study in Existential PhilosophyCrime and PunishmentThe Decline of the West
the recognitions God bless and good luck
 Notes from Underground/The Double The Picture of Dorian Gray + Necronomicon on the side Brave New World or The Iliad
The Ambassadors by Henry JamesThe Joke by Milan KunderaLost Illusions by Honore de Balzac
A Tale of Two CitiesA Doll's HouseThe Well Wrought UrnMetamorphosis
LASTBilly Budd, Sailor and Selected Tales MelvilleSamson Agonistes MiltonTo the Lighthouse WoolfNOWThe Sound and the Fury FaulknerThe Penguin Book of the Sonnet edited by LevinNEXTThe Confidence-Man MelvilleThe Waves WoolfAbsalom, Absalom! Faulkner
Earthsea Cycle: The Tombs of AtuanEarthsea Cycle: The Farthest ShoreEarthsea Cycle: Tehanu
Great expectationsPortrait of the artist as a young manBeyond good and evil
Nicomachean EthicsA Confederacy of Dunces A History of Western Philosophy or more AristotleI hate how much time it's taking to start with the Greeks. I just want to read Hegel and Dosteovsky.
"The Cold War" by John Lewis Gaddis"Julius Caesar" by Shakespeare"Macbeth" by Shakespeare
Crime and PunishmentWar and PeaceAnna Karenina
The sailor who fell from grace with the seaThe CrossingWise Blood
if you liked it, you will also like ubik
well if you already read nicomachean ethics you should be finishing the greeks pretty soon, don't even bother with neoplatonic shit
Time and Technics by Bernard StieglerInoperative Community by Jean Luc Nancy and Rings of Saturn by WG SebaldPhenomenology of Spirit by Hegel
I think we would be friends
Is he looked down upon here?YesHe's super-uncoolLike DFW but without the indiscernible talent
Paper TownsThe Children of MenBlood Meridian
Just read Schopenhauer, Nietzsche and Dostoyevski. and then Heidegger, Zizek, Foucault 
how was RLiT? looks pretty interesting
PAST:Primer of a Visual Literacy DondisThe Gift MaussThe Problems of Philosophy RussellPRESENT:Brothers KaramazovArt and Visual Perception ArnheimFUTURE:Will probably follow that /lit/ philos. guide
The Book of DisquietMason & DixonThe Man Who Loved Only Numbers
actually starting with the Greeks
Its better to end with the Greeks, then everything comes together and makes sense rather than spoiling it all off the start.
Gravity's Rainbow, PynchonMary/Maschenka, NabokovDe geruchten, Claus
Can we talk about MD. How far are you?
lady macbeth of msenskthe dwarfthe stranger
Waiting for GodotOmensetter's LuckEither The Floating Opera or Barthelme's Sixty Stories
not starting and then abruptly ending with the greatest philosopher in historywaiting until the end of your studies to find that everything you read before and after him is meaningless
The Metamorphosisthe Iliad Lewis's The Abolition of Man or Hesiod's Theogony
Lady Chatterly's LoverCarthage Must Be DestroyedAround the World in 80 Days
not based Thales I thought this was a patrician board?
lastHundred years of solitude 7.5/10currentWretched of the Earth - Franz FantonLoving this shit so far. As someone from a country recently under colonial rule, it speaks volumes.nextProbably Book of the New Sun. Also trying to get my hands on a copy of Philosophies and Opinions of Marcus Garvey
bit over 300 pages.Yourself?
Carthage Must Be DestroyedFucking Cato
Platoright about everything
V.FiccionesA Farewell to Arms or The Sound and The Fury, whichever arrives in the mail first
MeditationsMythologyThe Iliad
As I Lay DyingA Portrait of the Artist as a Young ManThe Metamorphosis
LAST BOOK YOU READ Theoretic Arithmetic of the Pythagoreans by Thomas Taylor had to stop midwayWHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING Elements by EuclidPrinciples of Political Economy by David RicardoWHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTThe Works of Archimedes edited by T.L. HeathPrinciples of Political Economy by John Stuart Mill
I'm reading sections from Avicenna's " The Healing", particularly the stuff on causation.
PASTA Portrait of the Artist as a Young ManPRESENTThe Notebook, The Proof and The Third Lie / Brothers Karamazov / The Death and Life of Great American CitiesFUTUREPerhaps something by László Krasznahorkai, if not Roadside Picnic and maybe The Stranger in French because it seems simple enough and I still suck at French fuck it why not three all at onceI have bad habits
LAST THREE READThe Book of DisquietChildren of MenHerzhogCURRENTLY READINGBook of New SunWHAT I'M READING NEXTMidnight's ChildrenThe Crying of Lot 49The Kraken Wakes
Oh right and the other two.Before: Edward Grant: Physical Science in the Middle AgesAfter: Michael Sylwanowicz: Contingent Causality and the Foundations of Duns Scotus' Metaphysics.
Secret AgentNuremberg DiaryIlliad
The Way of The FightMy Fight your fight1984
I usually read two books at once, but with uni work it has been really hard to squeeze in the time...Last Book: Sharp Objects... I thinkReading: Pantaleon y las Visitadoras Captain Pantoja and the Special Service by Mario Vargas Llosa&A really shitty japanese novel in japanese, it's slice of life-ish and good for language learning. Called 'Parade'Going to read:Imma read Kitchen by Yoshimoto Bananaand Trainspotting
The Dharma BumsLight in August???I was thinking about this book Kokoro, this book Pedro Parama, or starting the Border Trilogy
2001: A Space OdysseyUlyssesFinnegans Wake
2001: A Space OdysseyHow was this one?2001 is one of my favorite movies, but I read that it was different from the book.
2001 is one of my favourite movies too, i'm primarily a film guy and only just got into literature like a year ago.the book is different from the movie, and nowhere near as good but then again very few things are, however it's still a great work in its own right and definitely worth a read, i should check out some more of Clarke's stuff in the future.
I will check that out, thanks, but I know that no book that has an adaptation by Kubrick can be as good as the film.Also, will you read the other Space Odyssey books?
IliadDom QuijoteO Ateneu - Raul Pompeia
Narcissus and GoldmundSwann's Way1Q84
I forgotBrothers Karamazov and One flew over the cuckoo's nestiunno
Love the Abolition of Man. Hope you enjoy it. If you like that one, also consider Heidegger's essay 'The Question Concerning Technology.'
Nice apathy, jerk
Heidegger's essay 'The Question Concerning Technology. Thanks, I'll certainly look in to it.
indeed i do plan on reading the rest of the series. in fact i may do so to take a break between reading Ulysses and The Book Which Shall Not Be Named.and indeed, the general consensus seems to be that Kubrick adaptations are much better than the original book having read both ACO and The Shining, I am inclined to agree, however Lolita is supposed to be the exception to the rule. funnily enough that is the only one of kubrick's films i have yet to see, and i indeed haven't even read the original novel yet like i said, i am relatively new to this whole /lit/erary thing
Murphy - Samuel BeckettPale Fire - NabokovAgainst The Day - Pynchon or Crime And Punishment - Dostoyevsky
How'd you like Beckett? I have a "collection of shorter plays" that I've yet to start. Are his major works the only ones worth sinking my teeth into?
Finished it at 3am last night. The final section of the book is absolutely God-tier. I've always seen pynchon as a writer that keeps his distance but I felt a lot of his struggles as person in the last section. The rest of the book was fantastic and what I expected but The Transit came out of nowhere.
I thought it was fucking incredible, can really see the sort of Joycean influence but also the sort of twisted warping modernism. Murphy is good too because it's very philosophical in parts because it talks about disparities of reality, within solipsism and psychiatric practice. I wouldn't know about the rest, it's the only Beckett I've read but I ordered his trilogy straight away, and I'm reading it as soon as it arrives.
Sounds awesome. I'll have to check him out
Yeah man, do. Won't regret it. It's short too so like, it's not a huge commitment. Enjoy.
hop on that shit bro. haven't read murphy yet, but the trilogy is fucking phenomenal
caucasiawar and peaceI just started w&p it's too early to think about other books
Plato's RepublicPlato's RepublicPlato's Republic
Read Lolita next, it's Dosteyevsky's best book, way better than W&P
hEY FAGGET JUST READ JOSEPH HITLER BY ADOPLH STALINEBEST BOOK SO FAR
lastPoe - Black Cat greatIf short stories don't count thenGuy - Pyongyang mehIf neither short stories nor comics countGoethe - Werther mehnowGlukhovsky - Metro 2033 pretty goodEuripides - Medea also pretty goodnextEco - Name of the RoseArnason - History of Modern ArtI'll get Shakespeare's complete works soon so probably one of his plays
I liked it. The author writes very well, and it's an interesting glimpse into the change to a totalitarian regime in Iran in the early/mid 80's and the war with Iraq in the late 80's. The literary allusions in the chapters are terse, and it can overall get quite preachy in sections. It's heavy on women's issues as well, living as second class citizens, and marriage/dating problems.Overall it was quite good, I picked it up in a thrift store around here for a buck.
MASTER AND COMMANDERPOST CAPTAINH.M.S. SURPRISE
James Joyce's UlyssesLouis Bonaparte - MarxHm... I suppose something more modern...
Paradise Lost, The Complete Cosmicomics read and finished simultaneouslyFellowship of the RingThe Two Towers, The Gutenberg Galaxy: The Making of Typographic Man
Can anyone recommend something like this:1940-1970, height of avant-garde, beginnings of postmodernism, something flavored with the tinge of the 'New' but still written with the tone of those writing pre-WWIII DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT I'M TRYING TO DESCRIBE, but something along the lines of Borges, Calvino, the Beats
as i lay dyinggeek love/the satanic verseslolita
The Death of Bunny Monroe - Nick CaveEugene Onegin - Alexander PushkinThe Last Temptation - Nikos Kazantzakis
Are you reading Onegin in Russian? If not, is it the Oxford world classics? That's the one I have and I may tackle it next
Brave New WorldThe PlagueThe Great GatsbyI've read quite a few novellas recently, though.
The Road Hamilton's MythologyThe Iliad
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the SeaThe Golden BowlThe TunnelI actually enjoyed A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius more than I expected to. I would recommend giving it a shot if it at all interests you.I've been conflicted about whether to try his fiction.
Babbittfifth businessthe iliad and/or the great GatsbyNeed to start working through the /lit/ starter kit and the Greeks
Blindness - Jose SaramagoWhite Teeth - Zadie Smith/Collected Fictions of BorgesThe Recognitions by Gaddis or A Smugglers Bible by Joseph McElroy, along with Necesarry Illusions by Chompsky
Waiting for Godot The Odyssey Planning on reading the Histories by Herodotus
ya ni ponimayoo po russkie ni ocheen khorashow. I'm reading the Penguin Classics version translated by Charles Johnston. Picked it up in a charity shop for a euro.
How is Omensetter's Luck? I've not read any Gass yet, he's about the last somewhat known pomo writer I haven't sampled. 60 stories from what I've read so far, never one to read shory story collections cover to cover is beautiful and thought provoking.
12 caesarsherodottreasure island
Khorashowsounds Persian.
The Crying of Lot 49Invisible ManOne Hundred Years of Solitude
Cambodia: Year ZeroParadise LostTrilby
Slaughterhouse-Five Cat's CradleWhatever Vonnegut book Half Price Books has that I haven't read. I'm trying to read the compete work of Vonnegut as part of my Indiana History training so I can get a job at the Indiana State museum.
LastFlowers For AlgernonCurrentMoby Dick, Of Mice and Men, Catch 22NextSir Gawain and the Green Knight
I won't call anyone out but intro plebs you know who you are
The Dream of the CeltA Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do AgainConsider the Lobster
Lolitanone, just finishedThe Sound And The FuryI have a feeling I'll like faulkner's corncobby ass far more
The secret history of the Spirit worldI really liked it, as far as occult history books go, it was probably one of the best.The secret history of the worldOne of the best occult history books out there. I feel like it's given me a deeper insight into the nature of the world, and the occult mysteries that are in society, religion and so on, and so forth, I would very much recommend.In the heart of the sea.I need to get that same rush that Melville gave me, but it's still too soon to read Moby Dick again
Looking forward to it.I read it on my train commute to/from work, which has a stop called Ruggles. Always makes me smile.
reading Ricardo instead of Marxget on my level
Wretched of the Earth - Franz FantonMyComrade.jpgWhat country? Also Black Skin, White Masks was great too
If you want my advice do NOT read a History of Western Philosophy unless you want Russel's biases to corrupt practically every philosophical text from here on out. It would probably be better to just spend a couple days reading pages from the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy if you want some sort widespread knowledge of philosophy. Also, IMO, the only "Start with the Greeks" texts that are completely necessary are The Republic and Nicomachean Ethics, although you should still read the other books at some point. What is more important however is that when you get into later philosophy not to read any thought that is a criticism or based of other thought e.g. Don't read Kierkegaard's Concluding Unscientific Postscript if you haven't already read Hegel.
I was just posting in another thread about the preponderance of Marxist and Rothbardian economics over any other sort of economics.
History of Western Philosophy is badBabby can't handle Russell making a little critical commentary? Learn to read between the lines
Slicing Pie: Funding Your Company Without FundsHP Lovecraft: The Complete FictionTBD, probably This Book Is Full of Spiders
If on a Winter's Night a TravelerSheppard LeeGravity's Rainbow
Great current read, be prepared to wait years for the next volume though.
The Word of God Thomas M. DischThe Glass Bead Game Herman Hesse The Creative Mind Henri Bergson
Babby can't handle Russell making a little critical commentaryCritical commentary would be needed AFTER reading the original texts themselves meaning that, yes, a History of Western Philosophy is a terrible book for a beginner which is precisely what I was addressing in my post.
Even a beginner should be able to read it and come to their own conclusions. If they can't do that, their understanding of the actual text themselves is not going to be very good
Hermann Hesse - GertrudeThomas Ligotti - My Work is Not Yet DoneHermann Hesse - Glass Bead Game
A Brave New WorldMythologyThe Iliadalmost samesies
Confederacy of DuncesStonerDoctor Zhivago
IliadOdysseyA Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
Bury My Heart at Wounded KneeThe Works of H.G. Wells The Time Machine specificallyFor Whom the Bell Tolls
LAST - God is Not Great: How Religion Poinsons EverythingCURRENT - Kafka on the ShoreNEXT - The Devil in the White City
this week:steaming to bamboola by christopher buckleythe white house mess by christopher buckleyboth easy reads, but well-written. pretty goodre-read a canticle for leibowitz by walter m miller jrprobably the best sci fi novel this side of dune.nearly completed the rise and fall of the third reich by shireri've heard historians don't like it because of the editorializing, journalistic aspects, but its a good read and at the very least a glimpse into the post-war understanding of nazismin m
SymposiumPhaedrusAlcibiadesAlso reading the Old Testament on the side.
Child of GodGrapes of Wrath??????? maybe something pulpy by Bester
MeditationsBrothers KaramazovThe Iliad or Infinite Jest
last read: american pastoral by philip rothcurrently reading: blood meridian by cormack mccarthynext up: not sure yet, probably the autobiography of alice b toklas by gertrude stein need a break from all the men
Absalom, Absalom!TimequakeMacbeth
The Lover - Marguerite DurasV. - PynchonInvisible Man - Ralph Ellison
LAST BOOK YOU READ The Heart is a Lonely Hunter WHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READINGUnder the Volcano WHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTIndependence Day
Vletting gothat question is the one that im asking myself right now and i cant answer it
aw i love heart is a lonely hunter. the member of the wedding is even better.
Russel's introduction is a potboiler he wrote quickly and sloppily. He systematically mis-summarizes several philosophers, and then critiques them based on his poor summaries. Nietzsche is the most glaring example. There's no reason to read that as an introduction. Read this if you want an introduction: historical and topical summary of philosophy compiled by modern scholars in the area. Clear but demanding.
It is one of my favorites now. I'm going to give it some time and then read through the rest of her bibliography.
pinball, 1973The CorrectionsCapital in the 21st century
white noiseIf on a winters night a travellergreat expectations
Measuring TechniquesMechanical Engineering Principles 1Mechanical Engineering Principles 2
Blood MeridianOn Blue's WatersIn Green's Jungles
 Runaway Horses2666Pale Fire
how was pinball?
Baukunin God and the stateZizek living in the end timesProbably some intro text to lacan
El TunelThe Discovery of Heaven, Outer DarkL'Ecoume des Jours, The Confusions of Young TorleB
Read The Brothers Karamazov before Doctor Zhivago
Pedro Paramo or The Border Trilogy
I haven't read the other two but The Confidence Man is brilliant
 My Friend the MercenaryInfinite Jest Les trois mousquetaires
I fucking love that bust. Just imagining those unmanifested marble mammaries, ready to become what anyone imagines them to be...sweet lord.Metaphors We Live By Lakoff/JohnsonThe Question Concerning Technology and other Essays Memetin Heideggermaybe Drop City Boyle, need a fiction break
SSHow to do I into ottermodeStronk
some book about hitler's childhoodthe tatami galaxy novel translation that some anon made a thread for earliernot sure, maybe rimbaud, though honestly i have no idea where to start. would appreciate suggestions
Neverwhere - Neil Gaiman + Reread of Graveyard BookGood Omens - Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman + Reread of Mistborn: The Final EmpireStardust - Neil Gaiman before I switch into some Sci-Fi and then back to Terry Pratchett for more Discworld
Beyond Good & Evil and SatantangoThe Unbearable Lightness of beingStoner, then the last two books of Illuminatus! Trilogy
a guide for adult children of alcoholics vineland dunno
 A Midsummer Night's Dream Norweigan Wood The Trial
Stephen King --- Duma KeyJules Verne --- Twenty Thousand Leagues Under The SeaMaybe, Arthur C. Clarke --- Rama
Last: Norwegen Wood by Haruki Murakami Currently: World Gone Water by Jaime Clark I'm reading an old advanced review copy for a class on book reviewsNext: Not sure yet. Got a few that I'm kicking around. I usually just grab one from my big cue on a whim.
from my big cueno wonder you read murakami
How did you like Paper Towns?I kind of enjoyed it, even if I felt a bit guilty for it afterwards.
Silence by EndoSavage Detectives by Bolaño???? Maybe Quine, probably a phil text
working through Being and TimeSwamplandia!Idk, maybe something about yogacara
Ice By IceDiamonds Are ForeverThe Death and Life of Superman
Njal's SagaZeno's Conscience - Italo SvevoRoad to Wigan Pier - Orwell
The Odyssey TheogonyWork and DaysYEAH I'M GREEKING ITWHAT YOU MAD I TWEEKIN IT?
Just finished Lonesome Dove.Just Started I Want My MTV.Next in line is The Camp Of The Saints.
I thought it was an enjoyable read. I really liked the interaction between the main cast and Margo at the end, where they find out she wasn't this perfect figure who they had hyped her up to be in their minds. Felt like I could've enjoyed it more if Q just left her be without the romantic stuff at the end, but I guess it was written to appeal to a certain demographic after all. Another thing I liked about it was the interactions between the characters, it felt pretty realistic. It was nice that the characters weren't always cool with one another and they sort of found their way eventually. I can relate with that guilty feeling, but the way I see it is that its nice to have an informed opinion on these kinds of books and its been several years since I had read another of his books and wanted to see how accessible it was today, and sure enough I read it in almost a single sitting. An easy read for sure, but an enjoyable one.
Why do you like the Mistborn books enough to re-read them? I was recommended them as a contemporary fantasy but gave up after the second book because I found them to be so clunky.
Red: The Asiatics.Redan: Split Second.Wither thither: Against the Day? Fifty Shades of Grey? Open to suggestions ...
This was an excellent film, better than any book I've ever read anyways.
Yeah, I felt pretty much the same about it. The guilty feeling was not so much about the quality of the book, just the constant feeling that I was not in the target audience for the book.
The second book is the weakest of them all. The resolution of everything that happens is fun. And Sanderson is about to release Book 2 and 3 of the Alloy of Law series.I was going to have to reread them eventually because of cosmere reasons, so I might as well get it out of the way naw and not have to worry about it.
LolitaSteppenwolfThe Glass Bead Game
Bulgakov- Heart of a dogMoby-DickProbably Spinoza's Ethics
Hey lit, do you have writing exercises you turn to for practice?
The original Greek method of Creative Writing exercises:
Looking at cock?
Luckily for your sake, no penis is required, just follow these easy steps.Pic related.
Eighty views already. Sheesh. Get a load of the lurkers up in here.
Usually writing a shitty poem or reading a really good one is good, but another practice I haven't done it in a bit is to open a fashion, architecture, or art magazine and write a few paragraphs about what you see, like paint it all over again but with words.Make sure to buy a September Issue of vogue every year.
How useful would it be to read some shitty writing every now and again for contrast?
Not very helpful. I recently went clearing my ereader of self published stuff and it was torture by the end. Found two books worth keeping out of a hundred.
You could read bad books by good authors, then compare them to their better works and figure out what made them bad
Any of you lads have any sort of experience regarding self-publishing ebooks?What other platforms exist besides amazon kindle?For those of you that might have experience regarding kindle unlimited, you get around $1.30 for every read right? Does that mean, every publisher in every part of the world gets the same amount because of the shared monthly pool?Would there be any problem if I translated some content to another language and then proceeded to publish it?As far as I understand, amazon says original translations are ok, right?
You know what I haven't come across? A book of a genre with war and politics as main components. If someone could show me how to find books of such a genre then I will delete this thread if it's early enough that I actually can delete it.
GoT
oceans are your homelandAre you Poseidon?
Those shades of red and blue are not friends!!! Omygod, I think it's giving me a seizure.
Game of Thrones.
Hyperion and Hyperion Falls have a strong political current running through them.
how do / should I get into literary criticism? harold bloom, samuel johnson, helen vendler, michael dirda, ac bradley, etcalso, anyone else read/tried to read the anxiety of influence? did you find it impenetrable or am I just fucking stupid
Northrop Frye is pretty badass
Bloom is less a literary critic than a literary mystic. If you don't understand the stuff he writes, don't worry: it's nonsense.
this, sometimes I think Bloom is the only critic whose existence is /lit/ aware of
tfw sitting at typewriter for 4 hours staring at a piece of paper with one sentence on it
typewriterBASCI BITCH
what do you write with then edgelord, a piece of paper and a pencil?
There's thousands of stories inside of you waiting to be told. You can find it, just breathe and believe.
It's cart before the horse.One thinks up something they want to convey, THEN writes it. You're trying to write without having anything to say, and that's directly comparable to those who talk without having anything to say.
typeASCII RICH I hear computers are in this season.
Lol; we don't use stone tablets anymore grandpa
just be yourself
This!Don't sit down to write without something write.
I don't think this is completely right. Sure you need an idea of what you're going to write about, but I think most people figure out what they want to say exactly during the process of writing. To a large extent figuring what it you want to say exactly is what the writing is, otherwise you're just talking about typing or making marks on paper.
You sound like a shit writer, tbh.
Sure the exact phrasing and syntax is figured out while typing, but there has to be some image or sound or thought that makes you NEED to write for you to actually sit down and do it. You've been swept over to the typewriter for sake of just writing even though you don't have anything necessary to say.Like having sex when you're not horny.
I can only speak to my own experience, but I do have something like an image, or a few words that with a cadence I like in my head before sitting down to write. Still, much the mental of the work happens while I'm actually writing the thing. It's not just the exact wording, but as I engage with my idea in the writing, and this generates further and often better ideas. Also, If you think you can be a writer and get away with only writing when you feel inspired, you're not going to get very far without being an obvious epoch-making genius.
tfw accidentally wrote a meme into a paperit was 2:00 in the morning and I was tired, but I still feel terrible about it. The worst part is that it was completely unconscious.
Okay so I was posed the train problem today and apparently creeped my friend out with my answer, which was to play with the switch until the train came up to the intersection. The reason I came up with this answer is because I found the idea of being an active agent in someone else's demise unsavoury. I figured playing with the switch would be the most moral choice because at least it would create a chance that the train could end up killing only the one guy while not actually forcing me to commit to that decision.I guess my answer to the second part is obvious given my reservations in the first part. So guys is it autism?
you are really a bizarre type of pussydoes this extend to your real life?
Sure. Even though it is a loaded question and really doesn't serve any purpose other than to prove that essentially every philosophical position and moral action can be second-guessed, and that one should keep their opinions open and fluid and adaptable to new viewpoints. Which is something a healthy person exposed to philosophy should already know.
Are you leftists here using "pussy" instead of the more common "nigger" now?
also how would a situation like this extend to real life?
What is your favourite Redwall /lit/?Pic related, it is the best one.
mossflower
shitpuncher
reading
The furry fanfiction.
kek'd
LOG A LOG A LOG A LOG A LOG A LOG
YA shitfurry YA shitfuck off
I never read more than the first one because it rustled my jimmies as a kid that they went straight to Martin's descendants. I wanted more Martin having adventures dammit.
SCONESCONES
I've never even heard of that one. Way after I quit reading them I guess. I really liked Salamandastron and the original Redwall.
Salamandastron, Badgers were the fucking shit. Marlfox was also a pretty good read though.Still, I'm sad at how the author had such a black and white view of things. Good animals are good, bad animals are bad. Good guys always win, bad guys always lose. There was so much more that could have been done with the series that it's almost pathetic. Simply switching up the routine could have breathed some life and depth into the series.
The long patrol
Pre-Monday literary I will be spending tomorrow, after working 12 days straight, 8-9 hours a day, sitting in a hammock, with a bottle of Glenlivet, in the shade, reading Game of Thrones.How will you spend your Monday?
Work for as long as work takes, then do the usual. The weather is good here so probably be outside.
Uh, tomorrow I'm going to a showing at a place I might rent currently landlord is a fuck.probably throw in some exercise there, too. And then finishing up a homework assignmentand then going to school at night 6-9
deserving
I will be spending most of the day in a hammock as well. I will be drinking micro brewed unsweetened black iced-tea. I will be reading, Dostoevsky's The Idiot.
who is this cum campus?
I've got my first exam of the year this afternoon, then I'll spend the evening revising for tomorrow's :^
Train to Cardiff at 12, guided tour of the national museum gallery I hear the have a superb impressionist collection, pub meal, then probably pick up an audio guide for the castle.
Awake at approximately 3:20 PM. At which time I shall masterbate. Following this I shall get up briefly to eat a large breakfast of bacon and eggs. Then I shall go back to bed and masterbate. I shall then spend an hour or two entertaining myself with funny youtube videos followed with a brisk nap. I shall then briefly get on /lit/ post an abstract jumble of words informing this board of my impending obtuse genius and then I shall masterbate. At this point I shall get up, do 20 push ups I am quite fit you know and briefly snack in the kitchen before returning to bed where I will watch tv on my laptop and play videogames simultaneously. I know, I know god like genius, don't get me started Then I shall masterbate before returning to my slumber.
Would you classify this as low or high fantasy?
Which book in the Bible?
in the fiction section
the main one
Anon, there are four 'main ones'. You simply cannot make an overt claim about the Bible as it's a collection of a lot of different books with different histories and genres and should be read like that. To make a claim of the single style of a whole library of literature altogether is a inane.
What fantasy genre are the four main ones?
This. Reddit BTFO yet again
Historical biography.Technically "semi-historical biography" as they are written by the knowledge and life experience of the person there and thus they all point to some different things they note.
my sides
More like Chinese Whispers with Intent to Map Dionysus myths and Davidic myths over the top.
But anon, that's retarded
70BCE earliest.We know that the Epistles radically transformed the Jesus movement.The chief influence in the Epistles is Dionysus mythos.How can Jesus have a descent from David in the male line when he's the son of God? Why does it matter?Why do the canonicals get more and more greek until John is basically pseudo-Platonism?Why do the gospels need to paraphrase basic Hebrew concepts and terms if they're written by the people who had direct knowledge of Yesh'ua?
Neither, mass-marketing genres didn't exist then, of the genres that did exist, the Bible includes many examples of several different ones.
BCE, CE, FUCK ME

HOLY SHIT... Took me a second to get this, but that was fucking epic. I can't wait to use this one against some dumb Christian sheep.
Christ being born of a virgin through God's will, thus he is the father, descended of David on his father's side--and this isn't unusual since mythological Greek heroes who are the son of Zeus or whatever also claimed ancestry of their functional dad--, and God himself is all in the book of Isaiah, ohdonchaknow
The chief influence in the Epistles is Dionysus mythos.virtually no relation if you actually know what the Dionysus cult believed, instead of watching Zeitgeist and thinking internet memes are accurate.How can Jesus have a descent from David in the male line when he's the son of God? Why does it matter?it doesn't really matterWhy do the canonicals get more and more greek until John is basically pseudo-Platonism?Plato was always right.Why do the gospels need to paraphrase basic Hebrew concepts and terms if they're written by the people who had direct knowledge of Yesh'ua?what do you mean?
banana man you are the best
Why do the canonicals get more and more greek until John is basically pseudo-Platonism?Because Plato was right about everything you heathen fuckOn a serious note though these two are just dumbWhy do the gospels need to paraphrase basic Hebrew concepts and terms if they're written by the people who had direct knowledge of Yesh'ua?They spoke Aramaic primarily, not Hebrew. It surprised me too but seriously do your research, Aramaic had become the common language in Judea by that time period.How can Jesus have a descent from David in the male line when he's the son of God? Why does it matter?The descent comes symbolically through Joseph's line Jesus's adoptive even if not blood father and bloodwise through Mary's line. Oh by the way, you know how the Bible gives two genealogies for Jesus and one them has slightly different ancestors leading up to David? One is for Mary and one is for Joseph. It was custom in Jewish times to trace both back through the father because he was the lawful son of the mother's father upon marriage. Notice how Jewish genealogies virtually never go through women.It matters because God promised David he would bring out the savior from his line, also it lines up nicely with all those prophecies in the Psalms
Hey guys, Sometimes I go to book stores and put the bible...in the fiction section.TEHEHEHEAHAhahHshHAAHAAHAHHAAHAHAHAAHAHA
It shouldn't be read as a scientific account of the world, it is full of parables and spiritual teachings
Notice how Jewish genealogies virtually never go through women.I thought the jewish identity was descended matrilineally?Otherwise your post seems correct.
Shut up sheep don't you have some women to rape and give their dad's 30 silver piecesatheists have no need of religion, we are superior in every way.
Can someone get me a link to download the book "From Old Notebooks", by Evan Lavender-Smith? Really can't seem to find it anywhere. Random image.
shameless self-bump before going to bed
How much longer until you guys realize this guy is just pure affectation and pretentiousness? Nabokov is abhorrent, with lots of pretty writing to make up for the fact that he has nothing to say. He's a sham and a fake full of empty gestures. The only thing you guys take away from reading Nabokov is rubbing your nipples in ecstasy while muttering "muh prose".Why don't you faggots just read something authentic and honest like Don Quixote instead?But don't take my word for it.Nabokov, in his decline, imposes on even the keenest reader a horrible brew of piety, literal-mindedness, vulgarity and philistinism."Lolita" is a demonstration of the artistic pitfall that awaits a novelist who invades the clinical field of the case history.Nabokov's sense of humor is on the same level as German scatological humor: exrement is funny simply because it is exrement. His comedy is a lie. It is dead. It is evil, like racial prejudice. "Lolita," then, is undeniably news in the world of books. Unfortunately, it is bad news. There are two equally serious reasons why it isn't worth any adult reader's attention. The first is that it is dull, dull, dull in a pretentious, florid and archly fatuous fashion. The second is that it is repulsive.Ultimately, however, it has no more artistic merit than Greaves's 'how-to' because it is merely a fancy 'I-did'.Dull, dull, dull in a pretentious, florid and archly fatuous fashion.However monumental may be its message, it takes on a triviality simply by virtue of being fiction in a time that does not want it. In all the history of the world no people have ever wanted art for its own sake or meaning for its own sake.Nabokov's humor only shows him up for what he is. We pity him his obsessions and frown at his tastelessness.
In all the history of the world no people have ever wanted art for its own sake or meaning for its own sake.Why can't I hold all this pleb?
lots of pretty writingI like that part of his writing. The fact that he doesn't have anything to say makes it even more delicious. It's literature for the sake of literature. Pure art.
Only retards on /lit/ think Nabsy ismuh proseThe prose in Lolita is Humbert's prose and it's a hilarious black comedy with no big theme. It's just portrait of a pathetic nebbish literary type made out to be a fool by a pre-teen girl.
Why does a writer need to have "something to say"? Isn't beauty enough?Nabokov himself was transparent with the fact that he wasn't trying to say anything.
authentic and honestWhat exactly makes one fiction author's work more "authentic" or "honest" than another?
u have 2 talk about wymyn's problems
don't take my word for itWhy not? You've taken the word of whoever you've just green quoted.
green quoted.
good ideas are hogwash
Eat dick, newfag. Green quoting and green texting are separate things.
It's just quotes and greentext, which when overlapping, just create greentexted quotes.There is no greenquote.
Things change.

Honestly yeah Nabokov is shit.
I already have
b-but all his books are written bad on purpose, to show how the protagonist is an idiot
Don Quixote is probably the greatest work of literature to have ever been written. Nabokov wishes he had half the wit of Cervantes
OP has only read lolitaself proclaimed nabokov expert
Not enough, vafel. Do you like when man masturbates right in front of your nose? 'Beatiful' writer does the same.
muh autenticityDostoevskyfaggots have crawled out of their holes to shitpost, what's the matter, got bored from hundreds of pages of whining characters?
I've always agreed with Alain Robbe-Grillet's famous quote: “The true writer has nothing to say. What counts is the way he says it.” Hardly anyone says it in a better way than Nabokov.
Yes, Nabokov is a soulless, empty, shallow writer who basically jerked off on paper and thus the words sounded nice. He was mad at Dostoevsky because the man didn't have to lift a finger to be the God of literature that he is, while Nabokov spent his life being a shitty critic and a mediocre writer.
implying OP actually read Lolita
the man didn't have to lift a fingerHe ought to get someone to do editing for him, but he didn't, and now his sycophants consider his retardation an advantage, expressive writing my ass.
lots of pretty writing to make up for the fact that he has nothing to say. You haven't read Pnin, have you? Pnin is the single best character study I've ever read. It's incredibly funny and touching. It isn't freighted with allegory. Every theme that arises from the book is light, masterfully light. That is Nabokov, he is a master of lightness. Also Ada certainly has "something to say" in more aspirational and obvious sense that you mean. Read the first line. It announces itself. So does "Bend Sinister." Do you not detect Nabokov's resistance to science in "Speak, Memory?" And The fact that you are unable to draw any sort of moral education from the stained glass window that is Lolita also speaks to your character. There are morals in Nabokov, they just land gently on the text. He is never about them. He is about making you feel.
implying anybody actually read Lolita
reading authors who offer you what they "have to say" instead of offering you beauty itself.pig disgusting.Nabokov might agree with you. Doesn't mean he's bad. Just because Bach is better than Mahler doesn't make Mahler not also a genius.
Go read Laughter in the Dark, OP.
the only people that read him are high school students. he will soon be forgotten. i asked someone who was reading lolita at the cafe if she liked nabokov and she had no idea who i was talking about. that's your average person reading lolita.
There's no Bolaño thread?Bolaño thread.
oh woah, he was adorable.
So that's, like, postcolonialism, huh? And the symbols made Mexico into a real country in the end, right? Pretty cool.
Idk why nobody talks about other Bolaño.
Currently reading this now, just finished the part about Amalfitano. It's a blast but I'm struggling to get an overall idea of what's meant to be going on, other than Ciudad Juarez is shit, Chileans are all faggots, and literature professors have fucked up dreams and randomly fall in love with wheelchair-bound Italians.
i love that dream in the end. is fucking awsome
The Italian was the best guy though.
Wait is that before the 300-400 pages about the murders? Because let me tell you, it's a slog. But it picks back up after that
You mean the one where Boris Yeltsin is singing pop ballads and starts talking about magic? That's one of the many points I enjoyed how immensely fucked up this work is.FrenchItalianSpanishThe French one was the first mentioned, so he just stuck in my head as the "main" one and I ended up liking him most.I don't know if this is the same for all editions, but mine has a chapter titled "The Part about Amalfitano" which is some ways before the chapter about the crimes yeah.
Ah yes they are all titled that way I just couldn't recall if you were at the end because I think the book readdresses Amalfitano in the latter sections. That section is awesome though
read thisall the US hatebolano is a dipshit with a few good ideas
I dislike a work of fiction because of my nationality plebs R us
It's a game of connecting the dots while enjoying the really interesting side stories that keep popping up.
no thanks
Muh Allende
Is By Night in Chile good? What about some of his other books?All I ever see is people discussing Savage Detectives and 2666.
Well, those are his two major works so it's only natural that they are the most discussed. By night in Chile and Distant Star are the other works of his I've read. They are lesser works but still enjoyable if, specially if you are already familiarized with Bolaño.
couldn t get through 'the part about the crimes'. jesus was this fuck morbid. even when he s describing something beautiful he'll always cast some negative light on it as well. 'the girl had beautiful red locks of hair. if you pressed your face against them you'd get the same imagine as a man engulfed in flames.' shit like that page after page. the lake of fire 300 pages long about rapes and murders just disconcerted my entire being.
You can do it, that's the worst part of the book.
I like it a lot. It's simple in what it's trying to say but it's done very masterfully. Great meditation on politics and ideology and how all artists are affected by them.The message itself is very ideological but even if you disagree it was conveyed beautifully.
I also really liked The Third Reich. Extremely atmospheric with a compelling anxiety that permeates the story and characters. The plot was weak but if you're reading for plot you're a pleb anyways kek.It was an "amateur" work but it was mesmerizing.
Song:Book Thread
implyingnot 

hahahhaha

I like how much "trumpet man" sounds like "rocket man"good find opie
You literally only say this because of the font on your edition.
I wonder why people think the humanities are useless. I mean, you guys are linking these Youtubes to books, and it's an amazing thing. Some great minds at work, here.Good job, all involved.
jokes on you, i never finished HS.thats the joke.
GR is something Zappa.
This is one of the few joke threads that's actually decent, relax anon.
what is the literary equivalent of this song
what in gods name in this monstrosity?
Poop ship destroyer by the greatest band of all time, Ween. They were in Its Pat.Another gem:
poop something something Pynchon shitpost
tfw you finally broke out of the /lit/ core and you see the true beauty in literatureObscure Greats General
I like book
implying anything other than the holy meme trilogy is worth reading
Enrique Vila-MatasIn Bartleby & Co., an enormously enjoyable novel, Enrique Vila-Matas tackles the theme of silence in literature: the writers and non-writers who, like the scrivener Bartleby of the Herman Melville story, in answer to any question or demand, replies: "I would prefer not to." Addressing such "artists of refusal" as Robert Walser, Robert Musil, Arthur Rimbaud, Marcel Duchamp, Herman Melville, and J. D. Salinger, Bartleby & Co. could be described as a meditation: a walking tour through the annals of literature. Written as a series of footnotes a non-work itself, Bartleby embarks on such questions as why do we write, why do we exist? The answer lies in the novel itself: told from the point of view of a hermetic hunchback who has no luck with women, and is himself unable to write, Bartleby is utterly engaging, a work of profound and philosophical beauty.
This. There's a reason we like it. It's the be all end all to literature excluding the Bible
yfw you realize /lit/ are the pseuds and /pol/ are the real intellectuals
not /r9k/
i actually went to /pol/ to try to validate this but nah mani mean i hate us but jesus christ, it's not even hate with /pol/ i'm just overwhelmed with disdain mixed with pity. i had to close the tab
reading is a tool of the jew designed to busy the working classesI'm better off ranting about GamerGate and slavs
Does anyone know of any academic databases that are free or at least affordable, and don't require me to a complex of buildings with a name?
use jstor idiot
Find an academic library whose network you can vpn into I guess.
dubs followed by dubs and satan tripsI congratulate you on your aesthetic repeating digits, sir.
If your university is any decent, they will give you access to the major ones.
I actually wonder how many of my old universities resources I can use online now that I am an alumni
Many public libraries are subscribed to such databases, depending on where you live I suppose.
tfw no Access to drugstfw you will never be a real writer
You can still make boring soulless academic work if your prose is sharp enough.
CRACKED.COM SHILLS NEED TO FUCK OFFSTOP POSTING CRACKED.COM ARTICLES ON /Iit/
he doesn't appreciate prose-poetry
I appreciate prose poetry. I read a lot of prose poetry.Some of my favorite prose/poetry is prose poetry. However, I still have no idea what the fuck prose poetry is.
Long story short, I'm here for help /lit/ I'm open to ideas and suggestions.Taking a World Lit class that is more focused on involvement and outside the classroom nonsense rather than actually reading the works.Anyways. I have to do the task of taking a 'photographs' of me and my friends acting out a scene from Gilgamesh.Problem resting in that I have no friends.Give me a scene from the work that I could convince a student from commons to do a photoset for that will be relatively easy.I thought about doing the Gilgamesh and Eniku becoming fast friends with like a handshake in the air and make a psuedo wresting shot before that but I do not know if that is the only idea out there.
Make out with your Enkidu until he dies, just like the story.
Oh wow, what an awful assignment
First day of class and I'm pretty pissed about it. Half the syllabus is talking about how 'while there will be no research papers we can do x fun bs'.I'd consider dropping if I hadn't already paid for the course.
How would a reductive materialist explain the impulse to create and find beauty in art?
behavior reinforced and rewarded by endorphin releasewhy are endorphins released? Likely because the behavior is not maladaptive enough to prevent reproduction and likely has beneficial results
Furthermore, what is the relevance of philosophy with the existence of modern science?
hello undergrad
I actually dropped out of school when I was 14, so jokes on you
Yeah, this. It's fun.Hello untermensch

philosophy is basically everything humans think aboutScience used to go by another name- 'Natural Philosophy'did you even read the wikipedia article dude
I'd say it's a result of the impulse to learn about the world and make mental maps of one's environment.
something is cool so the explanation must be cool
Chemicals
why are endorphins released? Likely because the behavior is not maladaptive enough to prevent reproduction and likely has beneficial resultsYou are even able to answer your own question.
*aren't
But I did answer itSure, I didn't answer it from a position of 100% certainty, but that's because neuroscience doesn't have 100% certainty on how the brain worksUnless you're being a pedantic faggot and whining about how I didn't literally answer 'why are endorphins released' with a full explanation of how hormones are physically produced and released in response to environmental triggers, in which case kill yourself
Art extends the reach of symbolization over experience, increasing opportunities for recognizing potentially useful patterns. "Real art" is rarely a person deciding explicitly to create art, but instead attempting to express an idea or inkling to ultimately bring it into the collective unconscious. Humanity is a captainless ship and art is a form of surveying the stars that can bring extra information for decision making, or at least the illusion of control
Ask heidigger
Art is a function of the human ability to communicate with symbols. Communication affects emotion. The aesthetic or emotional appreciation of art is an emergent property of the human brain, designed to do x but with the ability to do y so long as it is not so actively detrimental that those affected by it fail to reproduce. This in no way reduces the actual value or appeal of art, because the vast majority of human experience dies not occur on the strictly materialist level. Saying art is worthless because it is a simple evolutionary quirk is like saying love is meaningless because it is a simple chemical reaction. It misses the bigger picture.
Hey what are you doing reading Aristotle?!!? Don't you know he was wrong about everything!
It's sad how much this guy looks like my little brother.
“The marks humans leave are too often scars.” Aristotle can suck dick.
Go read Aquinas instead, he was great!
Nice try but I'm still not gonna read Aristotle.
tfw the school curriculum still teaches dead white meni mean really, it's 2015 ugh
why won't he floss
People with science degrees don't get taught philosophy. The only exposure a physics major gets to aristotle is to aristotle's naive conceptions about mechanics and how they are profoundly wrong.
Oh wait I thought that was brian greene not john green. He's just an idiot; carry on.
so problematic
why does one of my philosophy professors have a bachelors in physics then
A semester in phil is mandatory bro.
There is a big difference between a BA in physics and a BS in physics.Not where I went.
tfw the decline of western academia has yet to affect your countryFeels good, can't wait for this trend to die
U went to a shit uni in a shit country then.
It's not a trend, you're just on the wrong side of history
Can't wait for this trend to die alongside its memes
He has a B.S. in physics
It was one of the best schools for engineering in the US. Engineering departments always offer overspecialized educations so I suppose that the physics department was affected by the engineering department's teaching philosophy.
in the USthere you go.
The Odyssey is like so dumb. Odysseus has sex with like a ton of girls but he's going to kill Penelope if she's not faithful? That's not very feminist, Ody. You got some learnin' to do. Now for today's thought bubble: a little tiny Lysistrata figurine. Oh Homer, we can't possibly hold you accountable for not being a feminist in ancient Greece, after all, it's not like feminism existed back then, oh wait, it totally did, you misogynist pig. Back to the Odyssey: is Penelope the true hero of the story? Yes. Yes she is. That's all we have time for today, be sure to like and subscribe and buy tickets to my new movie: The Da Vinci Code with Teenagers.
What are you trying to imply here? US higher education is notorious for being grades 13-16 / unfocused. An engineering major in the US is more likely to take an intro to philosophy class than anywhere else.
Except where phil is mandatory.
Kek. Does he have video on the odyssey?
Oh, the touching naivity of the american.American has no mandatory philosophy class in high school. Instead you have worthless shit that is literally here to make the retarded ones graduate.

I went to an american public high school and we had both a mandatory intro to phil & epistemology class
Good.How come it is not federal, then ?
These many threads about this irrelevant cunt is getting out of hand.
because it was an IB school so people in a superior nation were responsible for most of the curriculum
and he does accuse it of being misogynist. What a great introduction to the original epic by completely missing the point.

[YouTube] A Long and Difficult Journey, or The Odyssey: Crash Course Literature 201WOW...I've never seen any of his videos, but this is so bad. The best part is that he probably thinks he is smart. Is it true they show this in schools?694,036 viewsOh boy.
yes, though to be honest the history ones arent bad and id use them in class

id use them in classI guess they can't be any worse than the Howard Zinn I regularly got in AP US
"UGH"

foucault really made a 180 turn didn't he
you mean 360
I love how not only does he butcher the poem with his inaccuracies and attempts at humour, but then he goes on to a shitty rant about misogyny. I'd say this is embarrassing, but evidently he and people like him have no shame.
shame is a manifestation of the patriarchy m8
console gaming a shitlet's get a memestreak going
Well this video's purpose isn't actually to teach people how to read the poem. It's about:1. Getting teenagers familiar with the plot so they can pass the test on friday.2. Trying to be le funny nerd meme man.3. Get your pure ideologies heard.I could also add that all this is just him trying to cash into the latest trends and that he's actually a genuis exploiting his audience like that, but I dunno about that.
I laughed
le funny nerd meme man.Kek
tfw will never be this stupid


10/10
you made me think of monkeys laughing at other monkeys which made me kek
John Greene, please...
what kind of dog is this
Okay, I used to not really give to much of a shit about John Green, but now that he's doing shitty feminist readings of Homer I want to punch him in his smug face.I've heard and read feminist readings of both the Iliad and the Odyssey which haven't actually been bad, but they didn't fucking pretend Homer was some dude alive in the 20th/21st century. The realised the context of when the fucking poems were written, but not John Green.Fuck this guy. Fuck him in his pasty white ass.
I think I'm beginning to understand the whole cuck meme.
phil majors have the option of specializing in the philosophy of science, and it's not a huge stretch from there to a BS. You're closer than some cunt doing eastern phil in the middle of the midwest, anyways. idk if physics majors doing mostly philosophy of science is a thing.
Like one semester is really meaningful
in the USWouldn't hire.
fellow IB guy, I see.We're still a rare and obscure lot.
That's the worst part. He's not only degrading the Odyssey, he's also degrading feminist readings of it and of all literature. A feminist interpretation of women in the Odyssey? Sounds interesting. But John Greene shits it up.
Cause he's a cheap fucking hack. He probably think the presence and activity of the gods in Homer cheapen it or some such nonsense.When I was in University I read a couple, there was a particularly interesting one about Penelope and Andromache.
Clearly you're a plebe if you'd ever utilize that purile trash
ugh, face palming so hard guys
I don't want to read on this planet anymore.
the jew is eternal, it will never die
Is it really that good? What are pros and cons of it?I never even really watched the tv show but gut tells me it's utter shit.Any arguments?
Depends, what do you like to read?
Depends on the mood.Right now I'm reading A Brief History Of Time, of Stephen Hawking.
Who cares what /lit/ thinks? Read it and find out you desperate cunt.
clocks not good enough for you punk?
by any chance are you a stem student? like to collect sword? have an account on reddit? strange fashion on headwear?
Chill, I asked /lit/'s opinion, not if I should read it.I will never waste my time on it in near future.
I'd play along but meh
It doesn't really have much literary merit. You'd get about as much out of reading a comprehensive plot summary as you would reading the whole thing. Also George R R Marting is the American Kentaro Imoura so it'll never get an ending.As mediocre as the books are world's better than the show though so if you have to go with one please read the books. You won't be able to discuss it with your normal friends but if you have any taste watching the show will become painful after a couple of seasons.
Wow you're a pleb. Not because for reading that, I've read it, but because it's apparent how isolated that book is compared to the other books you readObviously the guy meant what fiction do you read?Anyway, it's a good series. A couple books are boring, but it's worth it in the end You definitely won't get a good grasp reading a plot summary, and you know thatI stopped watching the show as much, didn't watch tonight's episode yet but the episode before was surprisingly goodThe show being so much different than the books is good for both
I am in a reading slump, please motivate me.The Recognitions is nice but it drags.Post your Accounts and find new friends.My: 
think of all that e-cred you'll get by pretending to like a shitty hard book
think of all that e-cred you'll get by pretending to like a shitty hard bookIts not shitty and its not hard, it just drags, the main theme of forgery is just repeated all the time and it is a bit nauseating.
half way through Brothers Karamazov- going to read some Bruno Schulz next
Medankme is my godreads
removed all books-2 ratingswhy
i like your style dude, but sometimes you seem like an asshole; yes we are friends.
holy tits you've read lot of books. We're already friends. The last time I posted my profile on /lit/ someone criticized it and really hurt my feelings ;_;
Post your profile it's okay; I've only read 4 friend :
revisiting this after some yearsGive me a tale to read
Is it the Miller's Tale that ends in a fart joke?The one that ends in a fart joke.
It's fucking great
Man Of Law's tale.
, 
There's no form of literature more synonymous with the human condition than cyber sex. Extending our sexual agency using technology, in that ultimate reach out for intimacy, is communication at its most primal, it's our urge for sex developed through language and tribal totems, that symbolism of sex through language and that is embodied in our messages of love and in every painting and frenzied symphony....that is my thesis
You're a stupid idiot....that is my thesis
Cyber sex is so much more than about getting off, which can be done without any person; the human element of cyber sex is purely non-spiritual, rather it's a ethereal reach out from one psyche to another granting comfort, warmth, intimacy and understanding. It's symptomatic of our need as a species to bond and remove the barriers of indivduality, to merge even if briefly with the soul of another human being. Cyber sex is more epic than Dante, more tragic than Milton, more representative of our doomed inner loneliness than Goethe
stop posting. You're embarrassing
I learned a lot about pacing, plot, predicting the readers mind and so on from cybersex. It's great, particularly if you have someone who you can practise with regularly who's literate and appreciative of literature as it's something you'll always have the motivation to return to for more practise.
Is there any more poetically moving cry to the universe from man than "ASL?" It is the sound of God's abandoned creation begging for acceptance and appreciation of the soul, seldom delivered, and even then deliverance is a 10 minute set of brief grunting communications followed by the silence of infinity
Yes, but only if you remember to put on your robe and wizard hat.
and here we have yet another wacky fun thread on /lit/! you guys are so bonkers!
I legitimately cringed.
I put on my robe and wizard hat.
the human condition distilled beautiful.
I think we can salvage something from this shit.I like OP's point about the need to bond part. Why that breif and poorly written contact with another human seems so relevant to jerkoff?We can even move to deeper chambers of autism to those "online relationships".Do you guys believe in some kind of mysticim in love and shit? I'm convinced is purely a biological shit, but then why we don't have more books about eating and shitting?
LOLOL
Are you of sound mind?Frankly, this is one of the best threads on litThe op took tremendous pains to shine a light on an often misunderstood and potentially enlightening aspect of the human condition, digital sexuality. To see a pleb like you receive this study with sarcastic dismissal is an affront to western philosophical tradition.Perhaps if thou weren't such a prejudiced bigot you would see the value in such investigations.For shame.As for the OP - bravo!Another insightful contribution to our understanding of the absolute truth.May the denizens of lit find inspiration in your composition.
I don't know how deep the rabbit hole goes, ma
online relationships are autistic?how about anonymous online social relations?
readingcommunication at its most primal
Why that breif and poorly written contact with another human seems so relevant to jerkoff?Because really we don't jerk off to each other's bodies, but to each other's souls.
We're all a little bit mad here.
People unsophisticated about /lit/ like these kinds of shitposts. This is a board for conflict, not ebin hug boxes of validation. Every statement you post here is an invitation for battle. So don't fucking get upset when people attack you for praising a juvenile thread. It would be reddit to allow someone to keep praising something that you deem unworthy unchallenged.
You mean to say humanity is embarrassing.
 ITT: We discuss why this is a huge waste of time.
you are a huge waste of time
Are you referring to the thread or the pic?
Butthurt much?
his life
OK, you go first, OP.
2666  this
he retorted, holding back the flood of tears he knew all too well he was no match for.
not getting the jest
I started reading it this week.So... why is it a huge waste of time?
Reported
It's against the rules to falsely claim you reported a thread anon, enjoy your incoming ban.
it's not, OP is just a dunce
What's good about this book
it's better than OP's life
Everyone on /int/ is going to read it this summer
what's the preferred version? physical or digital?The endnotes don't seem too off the wall and all-over-the-place. I was thinking it was going to be a House of Leaves level of nested shenanigans.
It's got nothing on Pale Fire, either.Ebook is convenient in that you directly move to the notes whenever needed. Notes work too on digital but marking pages like the one which explains the chronology might work better on a physical book.
omg somebody gets it!!! : : :
Sup /lit/ i need to write a poem that talks about something that i am passionate about however i am not limited to the serious tone and i am allowed to write a humorous poem. The problem is i have no idea how to write a poem nor do i have any idea what to write about. Can you guys help me out a bit?
well anon what are you passionate about
im not really passionate about anything. Im just going through school and doing all the assignments they ask of me.
was originally going to do it on penguins because why the fuck not but i realized im going to be presenting this and i would look like an idiot up there talking about penguins.
have I got something for youlook at this songletters in a stanza, rhyme ex: ABCB the first and second 'B' lines rhyme-# syl. = number of syllables in a linethis is your template.it'll take some work, but i'm sure you can do it, op.A6 syl.B7 syl.C7 syl.B6 syl.D6 syl.E7 syl.F8 syl.E4 syl.chorusA7 syl.B7 syl.B3 syl.A6 syl.B7 syl.C7 syl.B7 syl.D7 syl.E7 syl.F8 syl.G6 syl.chorusA7 syl.B7 syl.B3 syl.
Just lurk a /lit/ poetry thread, pick the least shitty thing there and fuck around with it a bit.
Naw do it anon, if you show your love people will like it.Just try to find a deep topic and show it through metaphores that follow a common theme. For instance, people always make love poems that seem to be about a flower where its growth means your growing love. That kind of shit.
The green frogJumps from the lily padAnd a splash
, 
Thoughts on Oswald Spengler and The Decline of the West?Do you think his predictions have largely come true or is it just 2edgy4me pre-WWI pessimism?only offer critique if you've actually read the book
Also related readings: Julius Evola, Frithjof Schuon, Rene Guenon, Hossein Nasr
the second one
interested in spengler's historical idealismtry to talk about spenglerDO YOU THINK LE NOSTRADAMUS PREDICTED THE HOLOHOAX?? CAN UNCLE FESTER PREDICT THE STOCK MARKET??? tfw
One of the greatest metaphysicians of the 20th century. It's disgustingly accurate and extremely pessimistic because he poses that there's nothing we can do about anything. There isn't any sugarcoating or fake liberal optimism here. He's probably too quaint and not enough of a pessimist in retrospect. One of the best of Nietzsche's progeny.
The decline of the west has become the centrepiece to a new intellectual movement in the right wing. There is something that is showing in evidence even on /lit/, that there is a new thought on society which is quite amazing. I'll argue it from the perspective of the memes which dominate this place.A natural meme is simple, eloquent and conveys a message. "Start with the greeks" for example, has a lot more to it than people think.The reason to start from the beginning is so that you can understand the obscure references, irony tastes and esoteric teachings of the ancient works. Then it becomes quite easy to see them in western works. The meme conveys that and is quite an accurate open secret on /lit/.As for Spengler, it began as a rather small scale /pol/ meme with an intellectual touch. The reason is that he conveys the very feeling which we feel about the decline of our society and gives us an explanation. This also happens to co-exist with other philosophers who seem to carry great pessimism about the decline of society, who are rather rather prominent of /lit/.There is something to this line of thought that is very tempting. It is probably a sign of our "second religiousness" in the sense that everyone has become fascinated with mysticism. Not in the sense of religious devotion, but rather in the possibility of predicting the future, the "cool stuff of science" which is constantly paraded across the internet, the almost prophetical nature of economists in our age and the irrational idealism of the modern state in the form of multicultural, absolute tolerance, endless desire for security, -isms and all that ridiculousness. From that we will see the rise of new religions and in many ways we have.
HEAR THAT?ONLY POST ITT IF YOU HAVE READ THE BOOK AND RELATED READING 
What would be considered the best edition of this book ?The oxford abridged edition - pic related or something else ?
I thinks it's full of amazing facts from history, even if the philosophy in it is pretty out there, someone called it a geological romanticismJaspers I think.
Can someone confirm a possible quote by this man.I've been trying to find it for a while now. It was something like..."There are circumstances in history where a man is born who cannot be stopped" or something like that. Any help would be appreciated.
I dont know but I cant find it on amazon
my heart,my heart acheswho is this angel
audiobook has sound effects in the background
audiobookWhy not just read it instead?
I don't know how to read
Fair enough
how did you answer that post? did you just get that typed knowing the first post would be that question?
why are you ruining everything
there's nothing to ruin, the thread will disappear and no one will care about your silly little joke. learn to let go.
y do u keep posting these zimbabwean stop motion pics?On another note, you know as well as I do that threads don't disappear in this board.
because they make the board look nicer and it takes no effort. this is an imageboard after all.and post functionally disappear, no one is gonna go look for it on the archive. I'm also saging, even though it's a very slow effect.
How do you tell somebody has autism?They'll attach an anime pic to every single post unrelated to anime.I want you to take note of how this picture I used relates to my post. I am disgusted by your posting habits, and therefore attached a dog that has a disgusted face so that you can more accurately gauge my emotions. Although I know autists lack empathy.
pfft. vidibook has music and ads...
Hilarious.
he says as he posts on an image board copied off of a Japanese one, made by a weeaboo for weeaboos.
This particular board is not for anime. Use your context clues
That dog looks more angry than disgusted. :lWhy is he judging me like my father?I TRIED SPORTS, DAD.
audiobook has white noise in the backgroundlight drizzle with jazz
depresseddownload carl sagan audiobookthree amazing chapters of carl sagan making me think space is coolfourth chapter startsfeeling good for the first time in monthssome new whiny faggot narratornone of the warmth of quiet passion of saganhurl mp3 player into sewerhang self
This dog is not angry with you. He understands that you gave sports a try, but he wished you understood that it wasn't about the sports.
I'm ready to throw the Tao Lin. Does anyone have any pdf copies of his work? Also, do you think he's one of the most skilled modern author or he's just autistic?
'Skilled' might be a bit much. You get what you expect, dorky college work.Does anyone have any pdf copies of his work?sticky
I'm ready to throw the Tao Linan epub, if that works.
 Also, do you think he's one of the most skilled modern author or he's just autistic?That's a false dichotomy
That's a false dichotomyAnd you're an edgy high-school student, so what?
 And you're an edgy high-school student, so what?That's an ad hominem
Thanks
That's an ad hominemNo, I just chose to slip in an insult. I was asking you why it mattered. This isn't debate club, kid.Anybody with common sense knows that he isn't talking about polar extremes.
It's actually an ad personam. If you're going to be a stupid little brat, at least do it right.
Here's the defintion of a false dichotomyA false dilemma, or false dichotomy, is a logical fallacy which involves presenting two opposing views, options or outcomes in such a way that they seem to be the only possibilities: that is, if one is true, the other must be false, or, more typically, if you do not accept one then the other must be accepted.OP is implying that being autistic automatically excludes one from being a skilled modern author. This is a disgusting and bigoted view.
my god
He's liked because he's relatable. He's no more than a blogger who managed to get his work published and who then demanded attention for said work. He's a rich kid with personality problems.
Bump
This. He's the kind of dime a dozen dumb fuck you can find on any college campus. Social media obsessed, self-centered twattery is the only thing he ever writes about.
i want reddit to leave for ever
I don't mind the fact he focuses on social media or writes about himself, he just doesn't do either in a very interesting way.The only thing good about his work until Taipei were character names in Richard Yates as a reference to modern dating, online pseudondyms, and people raised to think they were the shit suddently being fucked by real life Taipei was ok but the style, although interesting and at least committed, was at times sloppy and needlessly boring.
do you think he's one of the most skilled modern author or he's just autistic?I personally think Tao is a genius.I hate his work, but I really do admire him as a performance artist. Unfortunately, I think the role that he plays is potentially the wrong one, and he has, as actors would say, 'typecast' himself in the caricature he has chosen.His performance is a perfect satire of social conventions, and his role is an almost polar opposite of the alpha bravado image of Hunter Thompson's Raoul Duke persona. The way he mimics our 'social-media obsessed', ADHD ridden, monotone, greyscale mentality, obsessed with identity through labels -- The 'Oh, I have social anxiety; Oh, I'm a vegan; Oh, I'm an anti-atheist'... -- and the inability to adequately self-express under the burden of a society that facilitates a certain conformity which includes the fringe as part of the package really is brilliant.To me, Tao's character is an insufferable cunt, and while this is part of the point to satirise certain negative traits of our culture I think he would have been better adopting the role of a slightly more 'pro' figure; more optimistic, self-valuing. The 'Zyzz' figure that seems to be the new social messiah, instead of a bastardised cliché of the "post-ironic" hipster with a dash of hedonism; but that's just me.While I'm not really a fan of 'the artist being the work', I appreciate it's merits, but without it Tao would just be another mediocre neo-realism writer attempting to be noticed. His literature has no real value on it's own, aside from a slight blurry snapshot of a small area of American society, but the 'package' as a whole is a pretty lofty achievement from a young artist. The only problem is -- for those that can tolerate, or even like, him-- he will never escape it, and it's already wearing thin.
They're not particularly interesting subjects to begin with. Having an autobiographical element to your work isn't inherently bad, but doing it over and over is.
Taipei was checked out of my uni library for months, never returnedGet home and the copy at my local library has been checked out for three months, never returnedIt's like the universe doesn't want me to read Tao Lin
Social media is interesting though and evidence for it being interesting is the fact you're using it right now. Knausgaard only writes autobiographical fiction, so do many other great writers. Nothing wrong if done correctly.
ayooo
B O R R O W I N G B O O K SORROWINGBOOKS
BOOST
Ayy
henry miller and celine as well, from the top of my head. im sure there are others
it's interesting because you're on it lelThat's the most retarded thing I've ever read. That's like saying a book entirely about brushing teeth would be interesting because it's something people do everyday and can relate to.
'Autistic' doesn't actually mean autistic; it's just a meme insult.
a lot of his stuff is free on his site out 'final fantasy iii'
is this your first day or something?
If you like a lot of the stuff vintage contemporaries published in the 70's-80's you'll enjoy his first two books, a novel and collection of stories. Richard Yates has pretty good style but it is an absolute chore to read and is too directionless for a re-read. Shoplifting is interesting and is a good read, especially if you like the style of Raymond Carver and Hemingway. Taipei is too cohesive and ambitious to hate, and a massive step forward for an author who already had interesting style. It was exciting to read a novel that owed more to self-documentation than imagination while still being air-tight, thematically.
So have any of you fagets tried getting published by Tao Lin's publishing house? I thought about it but the guidelines are ridiculous hipster "don't send us any submissions, we only publish things we find ourselves" bullshit.
Nah, it's really notPeople brush their teeth or else they'd suffer gum disease. Kill yourself.
Someone's never heard of the hierarchy of needs.Read a book, negro.
Man I hated being at your stage of intellectual development. Where you think you're pretty interesting and knowledgeable by bringing up Raymond Carver whenever minimalism is mentioned and so on. His first books sucked and only Sasquatch was in any way passable as a legitimately interesting story. There are way more writers who focus on sparse prose and a superficial recounting of events than Carver and Hemingway, and Tao either apes them badly or does not count them as his main influences. Joy Williams influenced him more with her zany but sad stories about intelligent people in an obscure setting who move to the city. Being "air-tight, thematically" is as much a sign of lack of imagination and ability as it is consistency. Elliot Rodger's novel was air-tight, thematically but it's not because he is all that intelligent, dude just thought about pussy and his lack of pussy and pretty much nothing else. Taipei was interesting only because Tao was guaranteed a book contract and could therefore write in heavily-comma'd sentences in a way that would otherwise be off-putting to publishers who are all about marketing and excitement. Yes it was cool of him to stick to doing that, but the novel itself, although a rare example of something that relates to young people living today, is not ambitious in any real way and skips from poorly articulated scene to shoehorned joke to affectedly anhedonic dialogue with about as much enthusiasm as someone who starts watching the Emma Sulkowitz sex tape right after blowing a big, sticky but strangely cold load of probably-sterile-at-this-point semen.
go to bed Tao
Did you even read what he posted? Why would he shit on his own books?
Because it's like a metaphore
Welcome to /lit/, where the meme has superseded actual discussion
Memes are a spook
Damn you're autistic as fuckkkkkk
Is it really going to be just a collection of his tweets? Who the fuck would buy that? What a shameless cash grab.
what does greyscale mentality mean?
Nothing wrong if done correctly.How do you write autobiographical fiction correctly? Serious question.
...or simile and stuff.
a collection of tweetsWho the fuck would buy that?Maybe he's the first one to publish something like that. I don't know.
i'm in love with mira
False dichotomy would be: Would you rather read a book written by Tao Lin, or by an ape who just smears shit on the paper?There is no imagined dilemma in asking if Lin is skilled or just autistic.
I'm ready to throw the Tao Lin.I don't know if it was just underappreciated, or if no one actually got it, but that was excellent OP. 10/10. I seriously laughed hard.
We've been saying that phrase for like 5 years here, bud
True, but in this case Tao Lin is actually autistic.
He can't recognise sarcasm


Is Ishmael as fucking stupid, hypocritical, and nonsensical as I think it is? Isn't Daniel Quinn just advocating for a pointlessly harsh and brutal existence of cultural stagnation through a psychic gorilla of poor health? Why is this book taught in schools at all when it's as vacuous as it is?
You there, /lit/?
bump
People are really susceptible to pathos: the book: the cultural phenomenon.
I thought it was really great in high school. Now I suspect I would read it and feel like I was really dumb back then.We all just need to be leavers, maan.
I don't understand people who read Ishmael and have this attitude.Did you completely skip the part where Ishmael admits he doesn't have all the answers but specifically asks the reader and the other 'takers' to invent them, as in inventing solutions to problems is what we are good at? Is that not an obvious implication that Ishmael is not advocating towards a retreat to a state of pre-technology, but rather a solution that allows for modern conveniences without continuing along the same path we are headed now?
I thought the reading of Cain and Abel was interesting, but the message of the book didn't convince me.
It's one of those books that's super-edgy when you're a college freshman, but falls apart if you have even the most basic understanding of evolutionary biology or anthropology.
I never even heard of it.
IshmaelIs it about gay sailors?I'm not interested if it's not.
I'm reading it now. It irks me how the man is always mind-blown when the gorilla says something that's more or less common knowledgeyou mean society isn't perfect?you mean something's got to give?you mean that crappy analogy about how people jump off a cliff and think they're flying describes EXACTLY what civilization is today?Monkey business, all of it.
I'm not sure which board to post it on but this seems like the most relevant. I was trying to find words that just mean something great. For example is there a specific word for the bittersweet feeling you get from watching people move on to something better. Things similar to that
Saudade
THIS KIND OF SHIT IS EXPRESSED WITH POETRY RETARD

cellar door hahahahahahahahahaha
the bittersweet feeling you get from watching people move on to something better
well memed, my friend
Even if the events of the Bible weren't all true and the words spoken by Jesus were invented by a different man, this doesn't change that the words and stories invented are still powerful enough to lead its followers to devote their lives not only to living by said words, but also to meticulously analyze that text, study it, write about it, discuss it. Even if Jesus didn't exist as the bible said he did, clearly somebody with ideas fascinating enough to lead to many of the world's greatest minds drawing inspiration from them.
And?
oh kay
That could be applied just as easily to Dr. Seuss. If your religion is going to purport that its holy book is the truth, and it isn't, then it's a lie. End of discussion.
hey, heyall of you are gonna go to heck
babby's first hermeneutic.
Wow so deep
I-If it is a lie then it is such a good lie that everyone who believes it devotes so much to that lie coz its ideas are so good and stuffAnd that is supposed to be a good thing? Other thinker never use muh bible, muh church fathers, muh god to prop up their arguments.Christposting is shitposting
Even if the explanation of dianetics weren't all true and the words spoken by Hubbard were invented by a different man, this doesn't change that the words and stories invented are still powerful enough to lead its followers to devote their lives not only to living by said words, but also to meticulously analyze that text, study it, write about it, discuss it. Even if Hubbard did not live the life he followers said he did, clearly somebody with ideas fascinating enough to lead to many of the great minds drawing inspiration from them.
I like Heck, I have a timeshare there.
I sure do love our current discussion about books.
Are atheists ever gonna stop being salty? Ever?
What OP is saying is that even if you can't be a Christian by faith, you ought to at least by a Platonist by reason.There's a part of The Republic that reads like a prophecy of Christ:Therefore I say that in the perfectly unjust man we must assume the most perfect injustice; there is to be no deduction, but we must allow him, while doing the most unjust acts, to have acquired the greatest reputation for justice. If he have taken a false step he must be able to recover himself; he must be one who can speak with effect, if any of his deeds come to light, and who can force his way where force is required by his courage and strength, and command of money and friends. And at his side let us place the just man in his nobleness and simplicity, wishing, as Aeschylus says, to be and not to seem good. There must be no seeming, for if he seem to be just he will be honoured and rewarded, and then we shall not know whether he is just for the sake of justice or for the sake of honours and rewards; therefore, let him be clothed in justice only, and have no other covering; and he must be imagined in a state of life the opposite of the former. Let him be the best of men, and let him be thought the worst; then he will have been put to the proof; and we shall see whether he will be affected by the fear of infamy and its consequences. And let him continue thus to the hour of death; being just and seeming to be unjust. When both have reached the uttermost extreme, the one of justice and the other of injustice, let judgment be given which of them is the happier of the two.You could apply this to the death of Socrates rather than Christ, but they are not really opposed, it's just that Christ satisfies the terms more than Socrates because he died with even his closest friends abandoning him and in complete agony and humiliation, whereas Socrates died affably in the company of his friends in he a rather dignified manner.The point is, even if you can't yet accept that Christ was and is by faith, you can at least look at him platonically as a type of the Good, and under that aspect alone he has every right to your complete and undivided attention.Sentimental liberals like to imagine that humanity in general is good. Christ said that nobody was good except God. If you want to say that you are good in a thoroughly clean conscience your goodness would have to persevere all the way to the crucifixion, when in actuality you probably give up goodness as soon as it conflicts with a few comforts or with your desire for worldly prestige.
Do you actually think that there is a single fascinating idea in the Bible?The Old Testament is dominated by standard ancient-religion-esque principles, even if monotheism is a bit new.The New Testament is a sickeningly plebeian espousing of the idea of being nice.Christianity only got interesting when Kierkegaard came along.
The proof that the just man is happier even when put to the cross is in Christ's final words, "it is finished". No man can say that it is finished, i.e. that his life is completely fulfilled, if he has any guilt or remorse on his conscience.
not only to living by said words, but also to meticulously analyze that text, study it, write about it, discuss itpharisees weren't christians man
is that why you haven't read the bible? because you think there are no fascinating ideas in it? whose opinions are you sharing here?
That is a lovely mushroom behind his head.
Probably not to you specifically.
even if you can't yet accept that Christ was and is by faith, you can at least look at him platonically as a type of the GoodOr look at him as a version or example of the Good and not the sole representation on it. Other examples can and has existed before and those deserve our attention tooSentimental liberals like to imagine that humanity in general is goodPure ideology. I can also say that Christians that are too cynical of humanity and use their religion as an excuse to encourage weakness and subservient to a higher power, using an excuse to enact or hide their selfish desires as history so often demonstrates. :^Fucking christposters
That's a halo, bud.  :]
be this shit at reading comprehensionWhy are you even on this board?
millions of people can't be wrong!Well obviously they can. Christianity is an important part of European intellectual history but honestly if you're looking for intellectually stimulating religious traditions you need to look into Eastern shit. Abrahamic religion is piss tier semetic superstition.
Zarathustra  Jesus
No, Christianity is a stupid religionFuck Islam too
Who says a halo can't also be a mushroom?
 if you're looking for intellectually stimulating religious traditions you need to look into Eastern shitHow new are you? Have you read any of the eastern shit? It's vague, baseless mysticism. The entirety of western philosophy and the scientific method arose from the Roman Catholic tradition.
I wish children who have never even seen a bible would leave.It's the origin of modern philosophy and literature, the New Testament was the beginning of a new phase in history.If you don't see something beautifully romantic in one's own creator living through life like a man, being tormented as much as he is praised, and then accepting his own brutal death as an end to mankind's inevitable suffering; then I don't know why you even read anything other than scientific articles.
It's hard to find the idea romantic when the entire "need to be saved" was predetermined.
How can one not see the beauty of the New Testament? It is a fulfillment of the old testament while also introducing new philosophical concepts key to Western culture. Like the sacrifice of the Passover lamb saved men from the angel of death, the Creator died so that we all could have eternal life. No longer must we adhere to the cultural constraints of Judaism to be a child of God, no longer must we dwell on the sin of Eve and Adam- through the death of Christ, all may be saved.
Look, more ignorance
Humanity needed to have the ability to sin to have the ability to truly love God.
i see this stupid shit all the time, please explain how the fall was predetermined.
Predestination Latin præ, destinare, taken in its widest meaning, is every Divine decree by which God, owing to His infallible prescience of the future, has appointed and ordained from eternity all events occurring in time, especially those which directly proceed from, or at least are influenced by, man's free will.It's right there on the Catholic encyclopedia, and I know non-Catholic denominations are considered heretical here so I went with that. Is this source lying to me?Also I know Christians have their own language-game that is nonsensical to the uninitiated so please inform me if I am incorrect.
The entirety of western philosophy and the scientific method arose from the Roman Catholic traditionIt's the origin of modern philosophy and literature,lol. Christfags keep trying to claim everythingIf you don't see something beautifully romantic in one's own creator living through life like a man, being tormented as much as he is praised, and then accepting his own brutal death as an end to mankind's inevitable sufferingI always felt that since Jesus was considered a god, ultimately he scarified nothing and there was no permanent loss
I always felt that since Jesus was considered a godHave you read the Bible? 'My god, my god, why have you forsaken me'?
lol. Christfags keep trying to claim everythingI always felt that since Jesus was considered a god, ultimately he scarified nothing and there was no permanent lossIgnorant brat.
assmad christfag detected
Such a rational mind
Not him, but what do you say to the basic claim that goes something likeif Jesus was a god, why did his sacrifice mean anything? He was bound to go to heaven anyway, why does an immortal being dying even matter?
must be b8
So Jesus is not the Son?*tips fedora
Jesus isn't the Father you dolt.
Western philosophy and the scientific method arose out of a society that was dominated by Roman Catholic tradition. That doesn't mean Roman Catholic tradition was responsible for the rise of western philosophy and the scientific method or that those things wouldn't exist without Roman Catholic tradition you fucking retard.
So why have you dismissed Buddhism? Care to point out its major flaws and what makes Roman Catholicism more believable? I don't think I've ever seen somebody bring up a flaw in Buddhism.
No?It's worthless mysticism and is a naive denial of the need to suffer.
Explain how "Roman Catholic tradition" was directly responsible for the scientific method.
The entirety of the USSR arose from tzarist traditionsThe entirety of Christianity arose from pagan traditions
Priests began rigorous study with the funding of the Church, the method developed from the search for the secrets of God's universe.
you'll go to heck
How did Aristotle and various Muslim scholars come up with empirical scientific models if it's tied to Roman Catholicism? Stop talking out of your ass.
But I'm not, and you have been talking out of your ass for hours.
no u fagittee hee
I see what you did there, and you are correct for going there.
That doesn't mean Roman Catholic tradition was responsible for the rise of western philosophy and the scientific method or that those things wouldn't exist without Roman Catholic tradition you fucking retard.I'd say the evidence is to the contrary, but you don't care. You'll just write out another post without a logical explanation and continue to think of me as a retard, so really there's no point. Evidence or not, you're stuck in your opinion, and if anything's fucking retarded here, it's that.
They didn't. Have you read the scientific work of those individuals? It didn't follow the scientific method.Further evidence this is all bait
What evidence?How do you define the scientific method?
But I'm a dumbass, so I'll probably end up believing something like "Obama is the antichrist".
Not OP but how does this apply to Dr. Seuss? That doesn't even make sense. Why is it that all logical thought goes out the window for everyone whenever religion comes into the picture?
because reason doesnt matter all that matters is who ridicules the most
Not even an expert on Buddhism but I saw this thread and decided to jump in. Here are some flaws I see as an outward observer. 1. Reincarnation makes no sense.2. Miracles just as ridiculous, if not more, than the Bible's from a scientific point of view.3. Nobody even practices Buddhism anymore, they all just practice their own watered down versions of it. Kind of like American Christians.4. Just like most Eastern philosophy, it's crippled by trying to seem all mystical and "deep" while failing to explain things in a logical manner. Everyone I've ever met who was into Buddhism/Eastern philosophy would say something backwards and then when I asked them to explain in depth would go "you just don't get it" and make themselves out to be 2wise for me. At least the Abrahamic religions are founded on logical principles and not obscurantism.
You haven't shown evidence to prove your point in the first place
You're also stuck in your own opinion thobut yeah he shouldn't be calling you a retard that's not coolinb4 where do you think we are, etc etc
I had a thought tangential to this the other day.Jesus must have known Greek or Latin to speak to the governor of Judea. He must have know Hebrew to read in the temple. He must have been mathematically versed to practise his trade as a carpenter.I suspect he was well versed in the works of Greek philosophers, but I lack the extensive reading to explain it.
What is the best book that has a Shakespeare quote as its title
Brave new world
The Sound and the Fury/thread
Infinite Jest
you can't /thread your own post, you fucking faggot
I'm quite fond of What Dreams May Come
The Fault in Our Stars
No Country For Old Men
Ah, good, I was worried someone hadn't drug out the old saw yet.
Nothing Like the SunIt's even about Chakaspeeru. Or Burgess' imaginary bisexual version of him...
It
I think he just did...
Seconding this.
The Odyssey
Hamlet
Naive genius or calculated modernist?
Does it matter?
Calculated genius.
Naive modernist.
literally whom
Dope writer
Corncobby Chronicler
willie fucker
non entity
LAUGH OUT LOUD. TOP ROFL INDEED M8
Some moran on youtube said he reads a book a day, 365 books per yearis this plausible
Only if you're a NEET that doesn't eat or sleep, or you do that bullshit "how to read a book in 10 minutes" thing.
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
can't you do math?the average book length is 64,500 wordsthe average adult reading speed is 300 words per minute64500 / 300 = 215 minutes, or 3.58 hours spent reading the average bookyes, this is entirely possible, but he must keep the book size down
I can't do math
someone can read 64,500 words at an average of 300 words per minuteno, no they cantnobody can keep that up for 64,500 wordscan't you do common sense?
Underrated post indeed
You can finish a 360 or 400 paged or so book in a day depending on the language structure, how fast you read and can comprehend things, eight hours or so would be enough to do something like that. So yes, it's entirely possible.
i can'tno one else can
4chan is now "let's all comment on what people are talking about on reddit"you can comment on reddit posts right on redditbut it's not surprising that a redditor couldn't figure that out
There's the theoretical, with which you're stellar. It all collapses in application only since books aren't only meant to be read but comprehended.
Teehee toohoo tahaa
lol
Yes unless you read barely at all each day or read at a glacially slow pace. I'm assuming you do bothUnless you're reading a textbook or philosophy comprehension is not a major time consumer
It's all about your distractions and your attention to reading.
Not him but his point still stands because if the average book takes 3.58 hours then that still leaves a fuckload of time during the day.Let's assume you sleep for 9 hours, spend an average of about an hour and a half eating throughout the day, and about four and half hours just doing whatever else. That still leaves about ten hours just for reading, which is over three times what that other anon calculated it took. So even going over passages multiple times or slowing down for comprehension, or stopping to think about what you read in depth, this still allows for you to read about a book a day.Also don't forget that while some books are hella long, there are also awfully short books too. Might take someone two to three days of consistent reading to finish x book, but then they might read two or three shorter books in one day.
Why would you measure by words per minute and not pages per hour, a more accurate metric when you're talking about sustained reading? And why would you be throwing around speed reading numbers when presumably we're not talking about somebody having to read a bunch of news articles/legal cases/10-ks/whatever technical documents but literature given the board we're on? If you're reading 50 pages per hour, which isn't realistic with a dense text anyway, even the average book length of 240 pages is going to take you closer to 5 hours than 3.5, and 240 pages seems a low average. Do you have 5 hours a day of free time that you want to dedicate to reading? Then sure, a book a day is plausible. If you have a full time job, a family, friends, more than one hobby, or maybe just a couple of these things going on, then 5 free hours every day seems unrealistic.
If you have a full time job, a family, friends, more than one hobby, or maybe just a couple of these things going on, then 5 free hours every day seems unrealistic.If you sleep 8 hours a day more than you can get away with, and work 40 hours a week, then that leaves you 72 hours a week, or around 10 hours a day free. Reading a book a day isn't implausible if you're efficient with your time.
The question is whether reading a book every day is realistic, so you wouldn't average your working time over the full 7 days of the week. On a work day, if you sleep 8 and work 8, you've got 8 free. How long does it take to do the other necessary things in a day, like eat, commute to and work, washing yourself, chores, exercise, etc.? Let's lowball it at 2, so you've got 6 left. You can still finish a book in those 6 hours, but like I said, if you've got other hobbies, or you go out with friends, or god help you if you have a wife and/or a kid, then you just don't reliably have the time to finish a book every day.
I lost my job recently and make an honest effort to read a book a day. Works maybe 3 days a week, what with excuses and the occasional under-the-table workday. And some books I just don't make it through.365 days in a row is impressive, but conceivable--under ideal circumstances or if most of the books are 200 pages.
Is The Crying of Lot 49 the best place to start with Pynchon? I know V. and Gravity's Rainbow are supposedly his best but I want to try something lighter and shorter to see if I like his style.
then do it. why do you need the approval of others for some a tedious choice
I started with V. and I absolutely adored it. So, so good. Right now I'm reading CL49 and I don't like it at all. If I had started with CL49, I probably wouldn't have picked Pynchon up again for a long time. Don't start with GR. Read a little about V. and CL49 and see which sounds better to you.
It's the shortest, not the best but the scenes taken one by one will give you a good idea of the style Pinecone does carry into his greater works.
Good Lord man, this is a board for literature discussion. Heaven forbid sometimes said discussion might involve inquires or advice about what one might want to read from other anons who also enjoyed or have read the novel in question. You are /lit/s cancer.
He is FAR from the most cancerous thing on lit. Op, definitely read TCoL49 first. Then move on to V. Then, if you like that, Mason and Dixon. Like that? GR. I don't recommened reading his other works until you read these because I don't think they're nearly as good
Heaven forbid somebody actually reads a book before they make a thread about it. Good lord man, then we might get some actual literature discussion instead of you being a indecisive retard who can't make decisions on his own.
I started with V. and it was great but Lot 49 is probably less of a gamble since it's shorter and less complicated.
I couldn't stand Lot49. I'll watch Inherent Vice movie and if it's alright I'll try Gravity's Rainbow, but only if.
M&D before GRfor what purpose?
What a true patrician you are.
You can read this. It's literally just a detective story starring some uppity jew broad with a no-nonsense go get 'er attitude, with dialogue so overly upbeat and witty that it feels like it was written for the big screen.
More accessible IMO.  and I like it more :
If I loved V. but didn't like CL49, will I like GR?
Rainbow is more like V. than Lot 49. That and some characters from V. show up in Rainbow.
No, if anything is cancer it is these threads.They all attempt to limpwristed faggots asking us to form their opinion for them or tell them what to read, as if the act of simply picking up the book is the 13th labor of Hercules or something. You can form our own opinions, you can choose what book you want to read, you don't need us holding your hand.
my favorite is 49, which are more like that?
No. Crying of Lot 49 is very different from his best, so you won't understand his impact from reading it and you won't get his best prose, either. Mason and Dixon is his best prose and is just as accessible, but longer.
If I had started with CL49, I probably wouldn't have picked Pynchon up again for a long timeThis is what happened with me.Eventually picked up GR, loved it, and almost immediately after read V., which I also loved. Went on to read and enjoy AtD and M&D. 49 remains my least favorite Pynchon I've read.
V. is the strongest thing you should start with but it's a lot more complex than most things kids these days are used to reading so you might not know what the fuck's going on.
What's /lit/'s opinion on the school of life 
The 'comedy' videos that they make are painfully unfunny.
lol is this a b8 thread?or is OP a newfag
they're alrighti just watched a bunch of their videos a few days agothe british guy's voice for the philosophy series is niceat times their videos come off as a little too edgy, almost like vice lite
That is pop-philosophy. You should read books.The channel might give good information but it won't make you any better in philosophy.
Some people complain about the oversimplification of literary, social, philosophic issues but, what do you expect about a 5 min. video? I thinhk they are the best channel on ntellectual content, better than the Tedtalks bullshit or another thyhards, they videos are imho well graphic designed, and their content is sometimes shit tier but the have the courage to recognaize that to the point of even delet shit videos like one that talk about relatonships with korean girls. They also have feel tier videos like this:narrator voice is comfy as fuck. Sorry for my english.
this mostly trueif your actually trying to get into philosophy than the school of life will get you inspired to read on some great philosophers like Plato and Nietzsche
It is nice to get some basic knowledge and become interested in philosophy but there will also be some faggots coming to /lit/ trying to be smart. I know philosophy is not really popular today but we should not boil it down to a 5 minute video. People should read books.
Was the fuck was this about?
reading this book"chapter left unfinished by authorDROPPED
The absurd
What does the Absurd have to do with This?
It's all a dream.
nothing
What do you think would be a modern era equivalent of pulp fiction is?You get a stylistics throw backs but I don't think any of today's modern authors really have the same sort of Devil May Care politically tone deaf cavalier attitude as they had in the past. Some techno triller authors might have the heroes gun down ISIS agents with the same macho gusto as nazis or Communists of yesteryear. But it's usually followed by some right-wing political tract about why islamic radicalisation forces America to war to protect our precious freedoms. God Bless America.A pulp author of the 1930s simply wouldn't care about the I do you logical difference between them and the heroes and even view them somewhat affectionately. Real-world political groups are just a easy source for 'bad guys'. Can we have two fisted tales of old pleases? How about a ace blogger travelling to Africa to rescuing nubile schoolgirls who were sold by Isis into slavery and being forced to build football stadiums by the corrupt forces of FIFA.
Jonathan Ames' short story 'You Were Never Really Here' released a couple years back is pretty faithfully pulp. I think he mentioned toying around with turning it into a full-length novel.
Comics today must follow strict left wing SJW themes or else all the pseudo geeks will have an emotional breakdowninb4 some booty blasted "geek" spergs out on meIt's true cupcake, all your moaning won't change the fact that people like you killed this genre.
That Hitler picture looks like feels guy

 Sounds cool I'll check it out. True but the point I was trying to make is that if you have say characters battle terrorist or people smugglers in a story today it's not gonna be done with the same lack of political awareness or social commentary. After killing all the bad guys in the old days characters would have something 'important' to say about foreign policy being it pro or against. Past heroes would simply start making out with the girl.
Not much of a loss
Oh, a comic character would never assault a peaceful, tolerant Muslim in this day and age
Can't unsee.
Well then its a good thing that most pulp was prose and not comics.
Also you can relive the glory days of pulp if you have a good enough connection for it, and 90GBs to spare.
Forgot the link
Are there any notable links between the author's mental health or lack thereof to the quality of his writing?
You need to hit that sweet spot where you're a trainwreck but at least functional enough to be coherent.
Joyce hit that sweet pot. His sister was a full on schizophrenic and so wasn't at all coherent, many people think she also would have been a genius had she not been. Joyce on the other hand was very close, he had a lot of the same attributes of schizophrenia but was, for the most part, sane relative to his sister at least. But it's because he was so close to schizophrenia that he was able to free associate so well, he didn't need the strong connections that people with normal brains do.
Joyce hit that sweet pot.Probably not but I know pic related did for a fact. Repeatedly.
more of that girl please.

Sorrry Im all outI'm self diagnosed paranoid with social anxiety that leaked from my marijuana abuse. Am I ready?
So is it official now that our international culture has nothing to do?
drug-induced psychosesThat's cheating, peasant.
Doesn't Pynchon live the life of a wreckluse?
No, he lives the life of a brown recluse
most normies make poor writers
Yet, most good writers are normies
the truth is all the great writers are normie as fuck, yeah philosophers are a bunch of autistic queers, but the canon is a chad parade
Actually a few studies have shown that most very creative people have some mental illness, whether minor or severe.
most good writers are normiesmost writers are normies, the good ones generally aren't
I suppose your definition of "normie" is anyone who is not a stem autist. There are many other conditions besides your own
That'd girls face looks really familiar. She's a porn star right?
You can tell that Nietzsche was going to go mad from the way he writes.
i dont know why but i dont really like thongs...i mean i see the functional importance of them allowing to wear very tight / see through pants without a panty line, but the things themselves are actually turn me off a bit, boyshorts are hotter
It's curious how she has an ugly pale face and then a tanned beautiful body.
He was idiosyncratic and strange, but he went insane all at once in Turin. His letters after he went insane make no sense.
Are you serious?There's Oscar Wilde, faggot extraordinaire, James Joyce, fart connoisseur, Arthur "rekt boipussi" Rimbaud, etc.
What is light exposure?
Most people are mediocre, it should stand that great people don't share the same mindset as most people. If sanity is defined by the majority and a the majority isn't very smart, it should make sense that the very intelligent may not be considered sane, and may sometimes exhibit traits that are objectively insane
Nah, he lives in an extremely nice apartment in Manhattan with his wife. When his son, Jackson, was in school, Pynchon regularly picked him up after class and socialized with other parents, even contributing to a school magazine. There's an article out there by a guy whose wife knew him and how they chatted casually at a jazz concert. He just avoids reporters, so it makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside to think of all the people who know who he is and where he is but don't rat.
dammit I wish I could find the origin of this picture
objectively insanewut
yes, the people who have made great art were usually fucked in the head in one way or anotherit's weird but it's true
There is an objective reality and if you suffer delusions that don't fit into this reality like thinking your tv is talking to you, then that is a trait that would be objectively insane
That is so retarded I don't even know where to begin. Qualia precludes objectivity because of its insular and emotional nature.
There is an objective realityHow do you know? The absolute, i.e. objectivity, is a mental construct and any knowledge of it comes allegedly from your senses.if you suffer delusions that don't fit into this reality like thinking your tv is talking to you, then that is a trait that would be objectively insaneOne would be able to recognise one's own psychosis if one suddenly saw something as ridiculous as this, but that pyschosis is not objective insanity; rather, it is a mere incongruency within a perspective. Objective insanity is, by definition, impossible, because sanity is a word to refer to people with neurologies, goals, worldviews, etc. that are different from those of the majority.
sanity*insanity
Her name is Veronique Popa, hope this helps.
Oh boy, you sure are in the right board.Whenever I read some shit like this I get mad at the autists who constantly criticize philosophy threads on /lit/, people like this should frequent those threads and try to be less stuck up
Definitely. Nothing makes a writer like an unhappy childhood.
Any solution for normies except hitting you head on the wall a bunch of times? Voluntary hardship?
The crazier and more depressed they are the better the work. It is known.
one night of too-much-pot revealed my bipolar illnessi take lithium to keep cool - perhaps i'm toeing the creative precipice we're all after
lol shhh
Have fun mate.
t h a n k y o u hankyou
If you want to argue that we could all be in the matrix or something, then there's not much I can say to youThe world that happens outside of us is objective There is a sanity rooted in truth, beyond a popular sanity defined by the majority mere incongruency Are you just trying to argue? Insanity is defined by those incongruencies That trait would be objectively insane If anything the term insanity would be redundant to use because many of the majority's convictions are insane
I'll post this to help argue my case/keep conversation going Our imperfect society creates something like a cancer for the mind, it should go to stand that some of the most fundamental imprints from this society are false, that although there may be logic that works within these false contexts, the logic is ultimately illogical. And that are likely unable to know all of our beliefs that are illogical. When you take away all context, and lool at pure, bare experience what feels good is good, what feels bad is bad. While the fact that evolutionarily psychology tells us this is self preservation, and this makes logical sense -not existing is inherently counterintuitive to existing - it forgets the implications of the fact that pleasure feels good.At its most pure, this is our life's purpose. To maximize pleasure Maximizing pleasure entails both the logic to choose the path that will lead to the most pleasurable outcomeand the will to bring it onto reality

Book club is gaining momentum with people at work, one of the people said they want to start with the book that killed their last group. This can either go well or it'll just kill the group.TLDR: Thoughts on The Anubis Gates book. Thanks.
¿Qué tal otro hilo sobre literatura en español?¿Cuál es el último libro que habéis leido? ¿Cuál va a ser el siguiente?El anterior fue como una caricia, cuanto más despacio más dulce, tratemos que se repita.
Quien es ese demonia de semen?
Cuales son sus placeres culpables?El mio es leer libros de Anna Rice aparte del primer libro de Entrevista con el Vampiro.He ain't no lady
from a zizek clothing catalogueUn amigo defiende mucho a la Anne. Trato de no prestarle mucha atención cuando lo hace.Lo más cercano que tengo a un placer culpable es que me gusta escuchar y citar entrevistas a Zizek, imagino que la gente me odia al hacerlo.
Estoy aprendiendo españolCompré Cien Años de SoledadCuando encuentro palabra que no sé, lo busco por Google Translate y escribo en mi cuadernoCada página dura casi 10 minutos y encuentro 10-15 palabras desconocidasEs muy lento y me frustra mucho. ¿Alguien ha hecho algo similar en cualquier idioma y puede decir si vale la pena?
Pensé que los españoles no posteaban.El último libro que leí es pic related. Tengo que leer demasiadas movidas de clase como para poder dedicarme a un próximo, pero tengo pendiente El paso del hombre de Somerset Maugham.
previous thread
Es la mejor forma de aprender.Algo que yo hacia cuando era mas joven era mirar peliculas en ingles con subtitulos en castellano, e ir jugando a enlazar las palabras en ingles con sus correlativos en castellano.Lindo libro ese, bien leido y cuidado. El olor a libro viejo es uno que se puede llegar a amar.
how many of you are NOT hipster spaniards
Es mejor si revisás un diccionario. Es más lento, pero evitás caer en confusiones. Cuando no me acuerdo una palabra en inglés y busco la traducción nunca es la primera opción.
Me encontré exactamente esa edición por la calle hace dos semanas y por eso me lo leí, es divertido. Presumo que no eres de España por la hora y por el lindo, aquí son las seis de la madrugada.
not from spain, wear clothes I bought ten years ago, last time I had a hair cut was a total shaving and now it has grown past my shoulders. am I cool for you?
¿Por qué no intentas con algo corto? Nadie intenta leer el Ulises en inglés para aprender el idioma.
do u have a picture? I hate retarded hipster poser garbage but i would respect one if i met him or her and there was something beneath the glasses and the fucking shirts. asking for a pic cus with that desc u could easily be a non-hipster faggot, which could be even worse :
be a non-hipster faggot, which could be even worseapparently I'm not your type, but at least I'm not from Spain :^
Carlos Velásquez es el mejor escritor mexicano desde Arreola
stop reading his gimmicky amateurish shit, switch to borges.
not being from spainat leasti have no problems living here even tho we are retarded as fuck and i am poor. i love my life, do you? ^___^
Escogí Cien Años porque es uno de los libros más famoses del siglo veinte. No pensaba que sería tan difícil, pero no me gusta abandonar algo que he empezado.Gracias por tu consejo maravilloso. Eres mi amigo mejor en este mundo malvado.
por qué hablamos en inglés entonces? esto es como ir a la pileta con un traje de neopreno. cómo se viene la extrema derecha?
Mi novia me dice que nos debemos mudar a España. me dice que podemos ganar hasta 2 mil euros al mes, y que esto es mejor que vivir en los EEUU ganando $50,000 al añó a cada uno.
putos buitres, nos han jodido bien pero parece que poco a poco la gente está tomando conciencia. Nuestro único problema es la ignorancia y la comodidad de todos, que no apuestan por cambiar las cosas hasta que ya es más que evidente el desastre...2000€ al mes no, al menos no sin un contrato con una empresa extranjera, un buen enchufe o muchísima suerte. Yo no hablaba de dinero, de todas formas. Hace falta poco para vivir, lo que es necesario es tener motivos por los que vivir con ganas, más que seguridad económica
Mexico aquí, de la ciudad. La Ciudad de México, porque hay otras.
Chile, estoy leyendo la Ilíada y después leeré la Odisea.
Puedes intentar leer libros para niños si estás aprendiendo el idioma. Los libros de Papelucho de Marcela Paz son muy fáciles de leer, aunque si quieres leer algo más complicado, puede intentar leer Crónica de Una Muerte Anunciada del mismo Gabriel García Márquez. Es un libro bastante más corto que el mamotreto de Cien Años de Soledad y la trama es más simple. Cien Años tiene momentos en donde hasta un nativo de español se confunde porque hay muchos juegos con el árbol genealógico de los Buendía.Borges es una opción, pero quizás la mitad de lo que quiere decir osea, aquello no textual en la historia puede pasar por sobre tu cabeza. Sin embargo, es uno de los mejores escritores y puedes leer sus cuentos cortos muy rápido en una tarde aún si no conoces bien el idioma.Cuando te sientas más macho quizás puedes leer 2666 de Roberto Bolaño y finalmente el Raid Boss del Español: Don Quijote de la Mancha. Lope de Vega puede servir para aclimatarte un poco al Español más antiguo.Buena suerte.
El ultimo es un libro donde vienen Otelo, el rey Lear, a vuestro gusto y la fierecilla domada de Shakespeare.El siguiente es Macbeth, el mercader de Venecia, Julio Cesar, las alegres comadres de Windsor y la tempestad, fuera de eso sigue rojo y negro de Stendhal.Amando a editorial Porrúa.
Me sorprende como nadie a conoce a Mario Benedetti, si hay algún escritor con obras"comfy", el es uno de los mejores.
¿a qué se debe que haya tan pocos posts sobre libros contemporáneos? digamos, de los ultimos veinte años. recién empiezo a conocer los escritores locales de mi ciudad o los que publican acá, mas que nada a traves de redes sociales
Hmm. Leyendo el Lobo Estepario de Hesse, porque nunca la leí y tenía buen rato que quería hacerlo.
Yo si lo hice :^
Leyendo estrella distante de BolañoEl siguiente será seguramente una antología de Nicanor Parra
Hace un tiempo se había charlado de eso; se lo adjudico a la falta de una producción verdaderamente interesante por parte de los hispanohablantes, o a una completa ineptitud por parte de sus distribuidores, pero sea como sea, es raro que haya mucha información sobre escritores de esta época en absoluto. Tenés algo para recomendar? No puedo prometerte que vaya a leerlo ya mismo, pero que a lo largo del año lo voy a agarrar, seguro.
Acabo de terminar la familia de Pascual Duarte, me lo he ventilado muy rápido y ahora no sé que leer. I'm Spaniard but I don't think I'm a hipster, I look and act like the most boring, plain person in the world.
Alguien debería hacer un thread sobre esto, aunque sea solo un rec, porque es básicamente esto 
Vuelvo a postear lo mismo que en el otro hilo. Esta novela la estamos haciendo un amigo y yo para echarnos unas risas, cada uno escribe unas ocho lineas y nos vamos turnando.Prestó más atención a la foto, con los ojos como platos, descubriendo que en la oscuridad se distinguía un maletero. "¡Estamos metiendo a una persona en un maletero!" gritó en su cabeza. El coche, un viejo Renault destartalado, tenía una pegatina de la bandera marroquí en el parabrisas, además de un perrito de juguete que mueve la cabeza. "Jaja, ojalá tuviera uno de esos perritos" dijo nuestro protagonista, llevándose la mano a la cabeza e incorporándose de la cama. De pronto, escuchó fuertes golpes en su puerta que marcaban el ritmo del himno israelí. "MIERDA, OTRA VEZ YARON". Miró a su alrededor nervioso, buscando un sitio donde esconderse. Los golpes no cesaban. "Me cago en tu estirpe, Gendel, joder, ya estás pajeándote otra vez, que sé que estás ahí, hijodeputa". Gendel suspiró y miró hacia la puerta. "Bueno, alea jacta est, como decía Julio Anguita", pensó. Intentando sobreponerse al dolor que atenazaba todas sus extremidades, se levantó de la cama y, abriéndose paso entre botellas vacías, chivatos y panfletos del PCPE, llegó a la puerta. Agarró el picaporte, pegajoso por dios sabe qué, y abrió la puerta. Una figura barbilampiña, con una nariz puntiguada como la que Quevedo describió, se mostraba ante unos escasos milímetros de su cara. Sus ojos, fieros y desagradables, se escondían bajo unas blancas y finas cejas. Bufó y se limpió el polvo de su chaleco con los papeles que llevaba en la mana. Del bolsillo del chaleco anteriormente con una estrella de David amarilla bordada sacó un reloj de oro, y se lo puso en la cara Gendel, bufando y rechinando los dientes. "Me cago en todos tus muertos, Gendel", espetó Yaron rociando a Gendel de saliva, "¿sabes cuántos días llevas de retraso con el pago?". Gendel, cuya mente embotada por litros de mamajuana y palabrería marxistoide era incapaz de procesar las palabras de su casero, observaba embobado el balanceo del reloj. Los enloquecidos ojos de Yaron, vidriosos e inyectados en sangre, miraban a Gendel y cada vez más ira se reflejaba en ellos. Gendel no decía ni una sola palabra. Tras cinco minutos en esta situación, Yaron propinó una bofetada a Gendel que lo tiró al suelo. "Me cago en tu puto Cristo, goyim de mierda", siseó. "Como no me pagues de aquí a una semana te voy a tener que presentar a ciertos amigos más peligrosos que yo. Y te aseguro que no quieres conocerlos". Gendel, todavía sin comprender nada, intentaba levantarse. De repente, una patada en las costillas. Catacroker. Sonó un portazo y Gendel volvía a estar dolorido, con náuseas y solo en la penumbra de su habitación. Subió la persiana completamente y se sentó de nuevo en la cama.
Aparte de Ortega y Unamuno, ¿qué otros filósofos que escriban en español serían interesantes de leer?Acabé de leer La rebelión de las masas y fue una delicia.
Argentina represent.Siendo triguereada con mucho gusto por Que Viva la Música de Caicedos.
tratemos de que esto no muera, aunquesea un día más.
Soy uruguayo y por eso me puse a indagar sobre los autores de acá, supongo que debe ser difícil encontrar cosas nuestras en otros países. Recomendaría a Gustavo Escanlar, Mario Levrero, Lalo Barrubia y Julio Inverso. Escanlar era un periodista medio transgresor que yo solía aborrecer cuando estaba vivo, pero después encontré sus novelas y pienso que tenía terrible inteligencia. Lo que está bueno de él es que no exagera lo pintoresco de los barrios de Montevideo como si fuera un lugar fantástico, los describe como lo que son o solían ser durante los noventa, absolutamente tercermundistas y deprimentes. En eso también Lalo se le parece. Son principalmente cuentos que tienen por protagonistas a delincuentes drogadictos. Su novela Estokolmo parece una película de Tarantino. Otra cosa notable es que el tipo le tenía mucha bronca a los progresistas y exponía mucho ese lado hipócrita que tenemos. Después, Levrero es lectura obligatoria para quien disfrute de Onetti. Inverso era principalmente un poeta. Un poeta gótico trotskista punk y delirante. Bien contra-cultural e iconoclasta, medio parecido a Bolaño en ese sentido, le molestaba que la poesía estuviera aún representada por los poetas mas viejos como Neruda y Benedetti. Mientras que los jovenes no recibían atención. Ahora mismo hay un poeta medio similar que se llama Jorge Alfonso tiene un blog que se llama cacareolandia, es una buena lectura.Y Lalo Barrubia La loba rubia es una poeta y performer. También tiene un blog que tiene pila de contenido. Las performance todavía me hacen sentir un poco de 'cringe'. Pero las novelas de ella me parecen de muy buen nivel. Es una SJW hasta la médula y sé que acá eso no es muy bien visto pero para mí es grosa. Muy punk ella también.Hay otros escritores no uruguayos que publican acá que disfruté mucho: Mario Bellatín y Katya Adaui. Y luego los que sí son uruguayos pero no conozco demasiado/no disfruté demasiado: Gerardo Ferreira, Natalia Mardero, Sandino Núñez éste es un filósofo que tenía un programa de tv que se llama Prohibido pensar, me gusta verlo como el Žižek uruguayo.
Si alguien sigue teniendo cosas que le interesaría que otro lea, acá sigo estando.Ahora me viá laburar, pero mañana a la tarde reviso todo lo que haya.

danos un poco de contexto por favor.dos cosas que señalar: primero que queda horrible decir nuestro protagonista, segundo, ¿quién se cae al suelo por una bofetada?y unas preguntas ¿donde habla quevedo de los judios? ¿el muerto en la maleta es un bolche?kek'd con el detalle del himno de israel
Ha avanzado mucho animal planet en estos años.
Yo estoy leyendo Niels Lyhne en alemán y me encuentro en la misma situación. Tengo el Duden Wörterbuch en el Kindle y el libro en papel al lado. Cada dos oraciones encuentro una palabra o construcción desconocida. Se me esta haciendo mas una carga que un placer, asi que te diría que no vale la pena empezar con algo complicado.Quizás podés buscar algún libro para chicos; los cuentos de Maria Elena Walsh, los comics de Mafalda, algo asi.
Hacé lo mismo, arrancá con Struwwelpeter, los hermanos Grimm, y después de a poco y tranquilo anda metiéndote en poesía del período clásico y romántico, o con himnos y salmodias cristianos, que te van a introducir a muchas palabras de uso común en el ambiente literario. En todo caso, si lo poético no te interesa tanto, podrías acompañarlo con la música que se le puso a todos esos texto por compositores como Bach, Wolf, Schubert, etc para agarrarlo con otro enfoque.
Buen post, soy el que había dicho en el thread anterior que sus favoritos son Onetti y Cortázar asi que voy a ver que encuentro de Levrero.Sabés algo de la literatura actual en Argentina? Hay algún tipo de "movida" en lo absoluto? Creo que lo mas relativamente actual que leí de acá es a Fogwill o Castillo...Estuve en /int/ no se los recomiendo y consulté en el thread de los alemanes por libros fáciles. Es que aprendí alemán de chico y después deje, no es que tengo que arrancar desde cero. Al final consegui los ebooks de Momo Ende y Lautlos Schätzing. Para empezar debe ser suficiente
La verdad es que no conozco nada argentino contemporáneo, no porque no me interese, pero todavía no busqué. Solo he leído a Borges, Cortázar y Sábato, aunque siento que me estoy olvidando de algo. Me siento muy en falta de conocer no solo escritores contemporáneos sino también escritores jóvenes.Es difícil encontrar rápido lo que realmente vale la pena. Levrero tuvo lectores antes en Argentina que acá, así que todavía debe haber mucho de él disponible. Yo leí 'La máquina de pensar de Gladys', y lo recomiendo porque disfruto mucho de ese formato de prosas cortas que no siempre son en sí cuentos. No sé si en ese libro está el cuento Gelatina, sino buscalo.
En caso de que alguien no lo haya visto en el otro hilo y esté interesado, dejo un par de cosas si les pinta leer y comentar. El primero son unas dos páginas de largo y el segundo unas tres.
La Tregua es lo mejor que escribió. Sus cuentos son aceptables. Sus poemas una cagada. "El país de la cola de paja" es fabuloso. Todo el mundo tendría que leerlo. En especial en esta época que vive el Uruguay.
Me gustó mucho el anterior hilo, fue... agradable y dulce.No es un placer culpable, pero la trilogía de la Bella Durmiente de Anne Rice está bastante bien.Es una trilogía erótico-sadomasoquista, pero de verdad, no como ese truño de 50 sombras de Grey.
Lo hice y lo sigo haciendo Inglés y Sueco, merece la pena, pero usa mejor un diccionario bueno en papel o al menos www.wordreference.com en lugar de Google Translate¿Cuánto tiempo llevas aprendiendo Español? ¿Has probado con algún libro un poco más sencillo? Igual "Cien años de soledad" es demasiado avanzado.Si te gusta darle caña, prueba también con los poemas y leyendas de Bécquer o de Lorca, son una maravilla.Ah y bueno, aunque lo leí hace tiempo creo que "La casa de los espíritus" podría tener un nivel intermedio que te resultaría más cómodo.
Estoy haciendo la misma cosa. Por cualquiera razon empecé con 2666, y aunque es muy lento me gusta el libro y creo que realmente he mejorado mis habilidades de espanol.A veces cuando me frustra no busco todas las palabras desconocidas para que vaya rapidamente y realmente no duele la comprension.
Yo recomendaria usar WordReference, clarifica todos los usos diferentes de las palabras y en general es mas exacto que Google
Escritor joven argentino es Adam Pauls. Escritor contemporáneo argentino es Roberto Arlt.
Estoy intentando hacer akelpad algo mas placenetero al ojo, que combinacion de colores/fuente me recomiendan?
Bueno, quizá suene tonto pero: ¿alguien interesado en hacer un rec de novelas de escritores contemporáneos en español? Podríamos poner el tope en autores menores de 40 años. La idea sería que nos diéramos el tiempo para hacer nuestra lista, sea por países o por géneros. Lo otro sería recomendar libros que no necesariamente sean obras maestras o que nos hayn gustado, habría que dar la oportunidad a los otros de formar su opinión y generar así una discusión. Además, podemos poner un tope para la lista, un mes, dos semanas. Lo que sea.¿Opiniones?
Che, estaba escribiendo algo y me acabo de dar cuenta: No les parece raro que no haya traduccion directa de "Lucero" a ingles? Hasta donde yo se su uso es para referirse a una estrella que tiene significancia personal Generalmente algun tipo de guia u omen, por lo que pensaria que apareceria en varios idiomas, en ves de ser exclusivo al castellano.Pero de nuevo, estoy hablando de un idioma militar. No deberia sorprenderme mucho.
no. las listas en /lit/ sólo sirven para que un montón de zánganos descerebrados tengan ~gustos~ homogéneos.si tenemos un board para discutir larga y tendidamente sobre el tema, por qué no usarlo en lugar de hacer una lista fea y apresurada.
Ahí diría que está bien, usaría un gris un poco más claro aún para la letra sin embargo.Anteojos de descanso con tratamiento antireflex serían mucho más útiles aún.Adhiero a La literatura y el andar apurado no van de la mano, intentar reducir todo a listas haría que estas pequeñas islas de cordura en el océano de shitposting terminen tragadas por las olas de mierda. Es un board de discusión, intentemos mantener esa función.No hay una palabra tan específica en este caso; simplemente se usa 'star', y el contexto le da su significancia. En casos de ambientación más bien religiosa, suele hacerse referencia a la 'morning star' por razones obvias.
no usar vimInstalá Gentoo
me caés bien
en méxico daniela tarazona escribió una novela bastante buena, el animal sobre la piedra con influencia clara de clarice lispector. álvaro enrigue empezó bien pero ha caído un poco con sus últimos libros. valerial luiselli ha mejorado bastante. bellatin publica demasiado, pero tiene algunos textos valiosos shiki nagaoka, salón de belleza, jacobo el mutante.a yuri herrera sinceramente no sé qué le ven. guadalupe nettel no es particularmente talentosa pero tampoco es particularmente mala.de cristina rivera-garza, carlos velázquez, élmer mendoza y esos es mejor no hablar.
Yo estoy aprendiendo español también, y pienso que esta es una buena idea. Sería "Fútbol a sol y sombra" por Eduardo Galeano un buen libro para empezar? Me encanta el fútbol y he querido leer este libro por muchos meses, pero si voy a leer un libro en español yo prefiero poder entenderlo.
¿Cómo me introduzo en Cortázar? Quiero leer Rayuela, pero me da miendo zambullirme así como si nada. Creo que lo único que he leído del ha sido Cronopios y famas en el colegio. Pensaba empezar por Bestiario, btw.
Final Del JuegoNo hay una oración mala en todo ese libro, en serio. Los cuentos de Cortázar en general son mejores que la narrativa larga.
No conozco el libro en cuestión, pero Galeano es un autor muy accesible y pocas cosas suyas son demasiado extensas así que sería una fantástica lectura inicial.
Preparate para llorar como una puta.Era un mago el tipo, solo el y Vazconselos me han hecho llorar.Vease la imagen.Termine cambiando a azul oscuro/azul claro en las lineas no seleccionadas y azul brillante/blanco en la linea seleccionada -un viejo favorito mio- con tahoma a 10 puntos, pero gracias.Es recalcitrante escribir con un editor de texto que no te agrade visualmente y/o salte demaciado a los ojos.
What does /lit/ think?I rate it Oprah/10
Pretty good piece of realism, the family dynamic was a good reflection of today's and I enjoyed learning more about each characters flaws. I like that Franzen somehow predicted the phenomenon of the cuck  Gary
It's ok but overrated.
That's pretty much right, OP.
Meh...it's just too unambitious. Great use of third-person, but why read it over any other novel of that scope? DeLillo's prose is pretty much the same and his works are more interesting. Why read this when you can read Gravity's Rainbow, or IJ, or Underworld, or any of the better books of the last fifteen years like Preparation for the Next Life, or Taipei, or The Body Artist, or Fortress of Solitude, or even Kavalier and Clay
Taipei
Gravity's Rainbow, or IJ, or UnderworldThose books are too hard to read. Franzen likes books that are easy to read. Read his essay on Gaddis for more info.
dancing turd/10
unambitious is right. He's a very skilled writer, and a couple moments the part where he kicks his presents up the stairs, the kid stuck at the dinner table really hit home for meone of those books that I really appreciated and read quickly, but im not 100% sure it was worth my time. I give the guy props tho
Was Hegel a mystic?
Haven't read him, but Russell's History of Western Philosophy mentions that he was interested in it. That said, that book was pretty terrible, so we're back to square one. Wow, I really shouldn't be posting in this thread; I have nothing of value to add, but I guess you can all just pic-related if you're mad.

Definitely, his views are far to close to kabbalah for him not to be.
From what I've seen so far, it is very likely.What is your understanding of a 'mystic' though, OP?
No, though it wouldn't seem like it to anyone who's not familiar with the history of Western philosophy, which he was very familiar with.As far as his own position on the matter, Hegel would reject mysticism as a non-concept inapplicable to Biblical religion.
He doesn't help himself in that respect. Who would guess that "The Phenomenology of Spirit" was about the practical process of human understanding?
hegel fucked over western philosophy for centuries by misreading kant and positing collective consciousness, a teleology in history, social constructs as - apparently - the sole determinants of human thought and behavior.he might as well have been a mystic with that absolute idealist babble
hegel talked of abstract things as if they were concrete reification. schopenhauer was right when he called this cunt's nonsensical use of language uncritical pseudo-philosophy
that's just an example of strange translation but your point still stands I suppose
Robespierre will never stroke your hair and call you virtuouswhy bother
tfw i actually like robespierre
you will never abduct Robespierre and imprison him in a remote chateau where you and your fellow royalists slowly torture him to death for his crimes against God and France
I am vehemently against the death penaltyIn order to save France, we must publicly execute thousands of peopleI don't know much about Robespierre, only brief summaries of his life, and some shit Victor Hugo wrote about him, but he seems like an asshole.
I know this feeling well. I would take the blade of a well-used guillotine dulled, but not too dull, shackle his feet so he straddles the blade, unable to move away, and every day I would put a heavy chain around his neck. 5 pounds every day. Eventually he would be forced to sit. This would not kill him immediately.
You got fooled by reactionnary ''historians'' friend. Robespierre never killed or supported killing anyone. He was in charge of the Comité du Salut Public, while la Terreur was the work of the Comité de sûreté générale. Based Maximilien was himself the victim of la Terreur. Was Lenin killed by the Cheka? Or Hitler murdered by the Gestapo? Of course not, because they controlled these agencies. Robespierre didn't control any of the killers using the revolution as a cover for their crimes, and he paid the price for morally opposing them. He was a social-democrat born 150 years too soon.Typical royalist sociopaths
Not alone, I like him. A real human bean.He loved his country and tried to go against the violent fedora-tipping that was taking place during the revolution. The church was corrupt and largely disliked by the people of Paris but his Supreme Being cult shows us that he was always a spiritual man and probably would have allowed the church to have some power back if he had his way.He was opposed to going to war and opposed to the death penalty. But his opinion wasn't law and the rest of the government decided to go with both of these things, and so Robespierre, being the patriot that he was decided that if France was going to do these things it would do them right. Under his leadership the Committee for Public Safety was able to successfully manage the war effort and win and while The Terror involved a horrific amount of violence the really fucked up stuff was the Sans-Cullottes and the Representatives-en-Mission. Trying to reign in the representatives was what finished Robespierre, he heard about the fucked-up mini-dictatorships many of them were running in the countryside and so decided to call them all back to Paris to take responsibility for what they'd done. Many of them knew that his unbending view of justice wouldn't allow them to live and so they collaborated and had him discredited and killed.Nobody who was innocent had any reason to fear Robespierre. The Terror which he helped manufacture took countless innocent victims but Robespierre was virtuous to the end.
Weird crush, dude
;_;We could have stopped modernism. Why didn't we listen?
What did Trystero stand for? Cultural repression?
Nah nigga, they just wanted to deliver mail
Trystero - Sidero...Dentists' trysts, Pynchon's obsession with teeth... a sad heroAlso badgers
Trystero mutes the horns of public mail leaving only communication in the underground free where little of consequence is communicated anyways. In the novella's context, Trystero's feud with the public mail evolved out of a dispute of the throne, but what are they in allegory? Government, culture, technology? I think technology would make sense had the novel been written today but in 1966 there wasn't any social media isolating us and twisting our messages.So what's it all mean?
Lack of communication in drug-filled California in the 1960s
I think they represent the counter culture's inability to do things like deliver the mail.
in part, I think it's the "we" have a hard time seeing how complex culture's , counter culture's , sub culture's , can be are are also the brake down in communication cuz of them Also anyone have the alleged Pynchon post about it

Yeah Thanks

oh you
, 
How do I into art and art history?What's a good art history book for someone ignorant of art's history?Inb4 Greeks meme
GreeksThey actually are one of the better places to start considering how rigid their definition, rules and structure of art was.
wikipedia is pretty good
start with the greeks
How do I into art and art history?Wikipedia and lectures.Don't actually read the wikipedia articles, they're generalized garbage, but they have good reference lists.Youtube has numerous lectures that are usually very engaging and very easy to find. Just use advanced search for videos 1~ hour long, along with the name of what you're looking for.Start with the Renaissance because it recaps classical art anyway.
Get E.H. Gombrich's The Story of Art
Who /white noise/ here?Just got it and I'm on page 35. It's amusing so far, and I've seen everything from hamfisted monologues several of Jack's shoehorned speeches about death to on-point social commentary that scene with the world's most photographed barn, which, scarily enough, holds all too much relevance today to both at once Jack and Henrich talking about rain and empiricism. The prose feels unnecessarily rigid and stilted at times, but I think that was the effect Delillo was going for.
I AM /WN/also, hamfisted huhyou write something better than him buddyi triple wombat dare you
finished it the other daygoes up like 5 notches in the last ~50 pages out of nowhereliked it up to that point, loved it to the end
I must admit that, overall, the King Arthur legends never really appealed to me in the least. I think it’s because of the relatively small cast of stock characters and the fact that we know how they’re going to behave. Merlin will be old and bearded, armed with a robe, magic staff and a bevy of wisdom. Guinevere will be stately and elegant beyond belief when she’s not melting at the furtive, courtly glances of Lancelot, who is brave and…brave. Arthur will be even-tempered, with lofty and noble qualities. Percival will be his gruff, impatient foil, Mordred his vaguely motivated antagonist, and so on. And so it goes, from de Troyes to Malory to Tennyson to White. Sure, the relationships between the characters evolved and grew more complex over the centuries, but the characters themselves hardly changed at all. That’s the chief hallmark of a soap opera, and I’ve never liked those, either.
Of course, if you actually READ some of the originals anything pre-Malory, for instance you'd know that all those characterizations are bullshit, and that there are hundreds of characters and a fantastic range of prose styles and bizarre variations.
overallin the leastSo you're saying that this series didn't appeal to you either generally or slightly? And you don't like the series because the characters remain consistent?
Yeah, I'm talking about the legends as they are known in modern culture, not the earlier poems and the work of Geoffrey of Monmouth. That stuff is more interesting, such as the fact that the real Merlin was, from everything I could find on him, a schizophrenic. Apples and oranges.
Yes.
Oh well, blame Tennyson and Pyle for the modern stereotypes. Also the fact that the movie adaptations have all been so bad than Excalibur is by far the best not counting Python. It's sad.
I never liked Paradise Lost. I mean, Satan is a proud and resentful rebel? God creates the world and sets down rules? Eve disobeys God and takes Adam down with her? Talk about cliché. It's like, dude, I already read this shit in the Bible. It's basically the 17th century equivalent of one of those bullshit sitcom episodes where they just show clips from previous episodes that you've already seen.
Yeah, the '81 Excalibur was by far the best thing that this body of myths has spawned in the past couple hundred years.
I didn't say that at all. But it is the middling best of a very sorry lot of movies.
I really hate it when authors use ancient mythologies to frame/analogize their hamfisted ideologies. Tennyson's use of the Arthurian myth to embody Victorian "stiff upper lip" mores was about as good and subtle as Ayn Rand's use of a certain Greek legend.
At least it was entertaining.
What are these originals? On that note, does anyone know of any good works about the character that aren't in the high middle ages? Stuff actually set in the 5th or 6th centuries.I think the scene where Percival returns the sword to the lady of the lake is a high point as far as Arthurian cinema goes.
The text that had the biggest hand in codifying everything "Arthurian" would be Historia Regum Britannie spelling by Monmouth
My reading list:Gildas: On the Ruin & Conquest of Britain De excidio et conquest Britanniae, 547 A.D.Bede: The Ecclesiastical History of the English People Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum, c. 731 A.D.Nennius: The History of the Britons Historia Brittonum, c. 800 A.D. The Annals of Cambria Annales Cambriae, c. 970 A.D.William, Chaplain to Bishop Eudo of Leon: Legend of St. Goeznovius Legenda Sancti Goeznovii, c. 1019 A.D.William of Malmesbury: The Deeds of English Kings De rebus gestis regum Anglorum 1125 A.D.The Black Book of Carmarthen Llyfr Du Caerfyrddin c. 1250 A.D.What Man is the Porter? Pa Gur yv y Portaur Welsh poem-fragment transcribed c. 1250 A.D.Aneirin: Y Gododdin Book of Aneirin Welsh poem transcribed c. 1250 A.D. Geoffrey of Monmouth Galfridus Monemutensis: Prophecies of Merlin Prophetiae Merlini c. 1130 A.D., History of the Kings of Britain Historia Regum Britanniae c. 1136 A.D., Life of Merlin Vita Merlini c. 1150 A.D.Song of Roland La Chanson de Roland :“The Knights Code of Chivalry & Vows of Knighthood” c. 1150 A.D. Wace: The French Romance of Brutus Roman de Brut c. 1155 A.D.Béroul: The Romance of Tristan Le Roman de Tristan c. 1160 A.D.Thomas of Britain: Tristan c. 1160 A.D.Marie de France: The Lay of Chievrefueil & Lanval c. 1170 A.D.The Rise of Gawain, Nephew of Arthur De Ortu Waluuanii Nepotis Arturi c. 1170 A.D.Chrétien de Troyes: The Knight of the Cart Lancelot, le Chevalier de la Charrette c. 1175 A.D. Perceval, the Story of the Grail Perceval, le Conte du Graal. 1181 A.D.
I will acquire it. Do you prefer a particular version or will anything do?Shit, thanks, I'll save all of this. What are you reading it all for?
2/2Layamon: The Chronicle of Britain Brut c. 1190 A.D.Giraldus Cambrensis: On the Instruction of Princes De instructione principum c. 1195 A.D.Robert de Boron: The prose romance of Perceval The Didot Perceval c. 1200 A.D. De Boron’s lost Merlin poem was rewritten in prose as the Prose Merlin Vulgate Estoire de Merlin c. 1240, and is in one manuscript followed by the Suite du Merlin Huth Merlin or Post-Vulgate Suite du Merlin, a sequel or extension c. 1230 A.D.Wolfram von Eschenbach: Parzival c. 1210 A.D. Andreas Capellanus: The Rules of Courtly Love De Amore, De arte honeste amandi c. 1185 A.D.The Saga of the Mantle M ̨ottuls saga Old Norse c. 1270White Book of Rhydderch Llyfr Gwyn Rhydderch transcribed c. 1350 A.D. & Red Book of Hergest Llyfr Coch Hergest c. 1382 A.D. [collected & translated as The Mabinogion by Lady Charlotte Guest 1838-1849]: {“Culhwch and Olwen” composed c. 1100 A.D.}The Spoils of Annwn Preiddeu Annwfn Book of Taliesin transcribed c.1330 A.D.Cantare on the Death of Tristan I Cantari di Tristano transcribed c. 1350 A.D.“Pearl-poet”: Sir Gawain and the Green Knight Cotton Nero A.x. c. 1400 A.D.The Alliterative Morte Arthure Lincoln Thornton Manuscript c. 1400 A.D.The Wedding of Sir Gawain and Dame Ragnell The Weddynge of Syr Gawen and Dame Ragnell c. 1470.Sir Thomas Malory: Le Morte Darthur. Winchester Manuscript The hoole booke of kyng Arthur & of his noble knyghtes of the rounde table c. 1470 A.D. William Caxton’s first printing 1485 A.D.
I teach a course in Arthurian literature now and then a local university adjunct. Most of those can be found at least decent excerpts in this anthology:1. Wilhelm, James J. Editor. The Romance of Arthur, New, Expanded Edition: An Anthology of Medieval Texts in Translation [paperback] Routledge, 1994. ISBN-13: 978-0815315117The Welsh stuff has some of the greatest alternatives to the post-Norman approach. I wish more had survived.
Oh cool. Is there any one interpretation as singular as such a thing can be I guess that you focus on, or do you just take it book by book, explaining the intentions behind each of them? I really know very little on the topic, so excuse me if that's an immensely stupid question or something. How many people generally sign up for it?Sometimes I consider going back to college for courses like that. When I think back even further I wish I had paid attention to Sir Gawain and the Green Knight more in high school English, but I was a dumb ass then.
It's a very popular course, especially when the full-time specialists teach it, but even I had 60+ students last time. I take it book by book, since the political/literary climate changes so dramatically from work to work, but there is an overall movement and evolution as the Normans take the Welsh and British/Latin material and retool it, and then the Brits take the new additions and shift it all again. Hard to summarize, but the changing of Arthur from active and dangerous young war leader to older background monarch as the young French hero knights get courtly is more interesting when you get to Malory and see him try to reclaim the older characters in some ways.
This is really interesting. Thank you for the list and the answers, friend, I'll be sure to read through what I can readily acquire.
Has anyone read the first part of this?Or is it just for euphoric drug nerds
it's okay, second half 10/10
Did anyone else have trouble reading this?Nearly all the geographical and regional terminology is foreign to me and I find it difficult to create a decent mental image of the landscape.
Just pretend everything is made out of tortillas and horses' bowels.
similar to blood meridian and the rest of the border trilogy, it's kind of slow-going for me as I tend to look up what the landscape things are that he's talking about. Sometimes I make notations ad every time its repeated I look back to verify. a little tedious but it helps me visualize it well after I know
I've read, BM, Suttree and Child of God and watched NCFOM/The Road, what's the border trilogy like?Also for BM I had to google a lot of plant and locations to get an idea of where they were.
no, it was the first McCarthy book I read and I found it very easy to read and enjoyableas opposed to blood meridian, which took me several false starts
really what got me is his style more than anything. i'd find that i couldn't keep focus on the longer sentences and it took a lot of effort to stay with him. worth it though.
All the Pretty Horses and The Crossing have a similar flow to Blood Meridian since the characters are constantly traveling. I personally think The Crossing is McCarthy's best.
Has anyone see this? McCarthy wrote it as a play, but then adapted it into a screenplay and almost immediately sold it.I actually thought it was a little bland. The two characters are so shallow and cliche. A suicidal asshole liberal white atheist vs a stately benign republican black christian... Could he have crammed anymore dichotomy into it? I think the whole thing would have been better if the characters were a little more complex.
Is suffering the origin of consciousness?
Anxiety, fear?
what is consciousness?
What is suffering?
what is?
is?
i?
???
...?
ღ
🐊
▲▲▲
Not the origin, but the perpetuator
/thread
then what is the origin of ea?
So this thread went to shit.
it has only just started my friend
this is what Op believes
bump?
It has no bearing on consciousness at all, you wanker.
Psilocybic mushrooms are
Since the OP
No it's hydrogen.
Banshees are shit
Once the ape man walked on this planet all he needed was his ape woman to copulate. But then came hardships, weather, extinction and evolution. Ape man realized ape woman was rare in his time. Ape man started getting sad, staring at random things trying to give meaning to them because all the meaning he had before, the ape woman, was gone. Ape man fought the evil lizards and defeated the flying sharks in the name of his lost ape woman. When he finally found her again, ape man realized he did not need her anymore. Ape man was free.tl;dr: tfw no gf gave us consciousness
probs
I wouldn't say that suffering is the "origin" of consciousness, but it is the main tool for leveling up higher consciousness.The most suffered of the people are the Prophets.
OUTTA MY WAY PHILOSOPHICAL SCUMSCIENTIST COMING THROUGH
Adorno's Critique of Identity-ThinkingOne of the most important distinctions in this respect is that Adorno is not content with a Nietzschean-Freudian, naturalistic critique of consciousness, but takes up the discovery of the early German Romantics that the philosophy of pure consciousness is internally incoherent. Jochen Hörisch has shown that the original antecedents for Adorno's acute awareness of the loss of spontaneity imposed by the formation of the modern autonomous individual, his sense that the identity of the self must be coercively maintained against the centrifugal tendencies of impulse, can be traced back beyond Nietzsche to the critical engagement with Fichte's philosophy of Sclegel and Novalis. It is here, in thought partly inspired – like Adorno's own – by dismay at the failure of an attempted political realization of reason, that Adorno discovers a hidden history of subjectivity, an evocation of the pain of the process of individuation, which is betrayed by logical incoherence. 'Early romanticism', Hörisch argues, ' discovers suffering as the principium individuationis and as the 'secret of individuality', which transcendental philosophy can only conceal at the cost of becoming entangled in unavowed contradictions. The pain of individuation derives from the inscription of a compulsory identity which passes itself off as an a priori structure of reason.Both aspects of this critique will be of crucial importance for Adorno: the demonstration of the structure of contradiction which both splits and constitutes the subject, and the sensitivity to the repression of inner nature which is demanded by the forging of such a subject.Adorno's critique of the modern subject, therefore, is as implacable as that of the post-structuralists, and is based on not dissimilar ground: yet – in contrast to Foucault, Deleuze or Lyotard – it does not culminate in a call for the abolition of the subjective principle. Rather, Adorno always insists that our only option is to 'use the force of the subject to break through the deception of constitutive subjectivity'.
No, sexual desire is.
THE CONVERSE WOULD BE THE CASE. FUCK THIS THREAD.
TO CONTINUE: ONE CANNOT SUFFER IF ONE IS NOT CONSCIOUS.
i think a better phrasing of what op might mean to say is: is consciousness a necessary and sufficient condition for suffering? i.e., does suffering attend the mere state of being consciousness? wittgenstein, would probably call these questions nonsense and unmeriting of thought given the difficulty of defining its operative concepts. idk
There are two books or movies classified as being to dangerous!! There are many death's associated with the movies and books, its called the answer tree, and the second on is called waiting for the red train.. all information in these movies amd books have been removed the internet. If you have any information on them please post it.. also you will be labeled an terrorist if you find the movies and books and share them with people. So do it at your own risk
Searches turned up nothing.How do I know you're not just bullshitting?
Im not lying, or making anything up!! Alex Proyas the director of the crow reference the answer tree, in a interview but the recording is no longer available. The movie the ring is rumored to have gotten inspiration from the actual books and movies. Also after people watched it, they started to die within minutes.. this was something I was yold by a friend, he said the movies and books had to be banned because of that reason.
Your friend thinks you're gullible, and he's right.
He was telling me the truth, if you are to google answer tree, you find nothing nor will you find anything on waiting for the red train. Not even similar search topics!!!
I watched the movieIt was a 6/10I really liked Matt Damon's role in it
And if you google "The tale of the pedophile my brother beat up and got arrested for" you won't find anything either.That's because it isn't real.
, 
If I were to take a course in world literature or philosophy and I had to read Homer for it, which translation would be the most recommended?
I've read Norweigan Wood and Tsukuru Tazaki ..., which book should I turn to next?
Kafka on the shor I guess
Where to go with Murakami? Into the garbage.
You get some goddamn taste and read someone else, pleb!
I'm new to Murakami too but loving it so far. Kafka on the Shore is a lot of fun. 1Q84 is great too, even if the second half of the book is a slow trudge through a relationship you saw coming from a mile away.
Wind-up Bird Chronicle is my favourite by him.
All shit.Sage.
Most of his stuff is nothing like Norwegian Wood. People always recommend Wind-Up Bird Chronicle so give that a read. I loved NW but hated WUBC What did you think of Tsukuru ?
muh negativity
I've never been much of a reader, but I just finished my first year in college studying ancient history. During this year I read 3 text books all related to my studies. This made me realize I wanted and needed to read more, I need suggestions on what to start with.
ancient historyonly read text booksYeah nah you're a lying cunt.Go start with the fucking Greeks.
 Lol?
I suggest you start by reading the sticky.
Thucydides?
You read three textbooks? Congratulations!
Hey guys, could anybody recommend me any decent, un-cringey self-development books? I'm about to finish uni, I don't know what the fuck to do, I need some reaffirmation, peace and courage and conviction to follow my ambitions.
Nietzsche.
Pffft
Nicomachean Ethics is worthwhile, as is Meditations by Aurelius. Alternitively, go for the Analects or Mencius if you want an interesting read that's not Greek.
stirner
Hey /lit/, the novel that the anime Tatami Galaxy was based on has been translated.it out, the translation is perfectly readable.And a small request, maybe someone has already done this but, is anyone good at converting PDFs to .mobi? I attempted it and got a lot of awkward line breaks between sentences, but I didn't really know what I was doing so maybe someone made a good one?
Is it completed, the translation?
And a small request, maybe someone has already done this but, is anyone good at converting PDFs to .mobi? I attempted it and got a lot of awkward line breaks between sentencesYou can't directly get around that, it's a limitation inherent to the PDF format text doesn't flow continuous,so you either end up with line breaks everyfuckwhere or procedurally remove them and lose those you need between paragraphs and sections.What you can do if you have the patience is run the PDF through some OCR software ABBYY is typical and get an .epub equivalent to .mobi, conversion lossless except for fonts with some errors which you'll have to fix manually if you're looking to release a clean thingOr if it's for you to read on a kindle just keep it as isOr if it's for you to read on a kindle also you can crop the PDF margins using some tool or other and get something that better suits the screen of your reader
that ass tho
Yeah it's done. There's going to be some editing done in the future but for now it's completed.
Thanks for sharing!
I usually don't like animu but.... Tatami Galaxy was amazing, it was like some sort of Japanese Calvino thing, I had no idea it was a book, thank you! I wonder if it will ever get published in English? You would think publishers would be hungry for Japanese after with Murakami doing so well
Monogatari translations with annotations when
Hey, Im gonna be on the road all tomorrow and I was looking for a good audiobook. Preferably something fantasy but not LotR type high fantasyAlso something on itunesAny suggestions?
10 years growing up...study you. Now we are teaching our children about you too.
Wat?
A wise man once said that if you wish to learn philosophy, then you must start with the Greeks. How would one go about this? And how would one expand from there?
Commence with the Chinese
Begin with the Babylonians, Ascend with the Aztecs, Finish with the Finnish
It depends. From Machiavelli on, there's a very big break between the ancient and modern conceptions of philosophy, such that you could say that even when there's disagreement on particulars, the ancients largely agreed more than they disagreed on what philosophy was. The modern view is largely an attempt to give philosophy the preeminence of modern science, which changes the very nature of what philosophy and its activity consist in.Plato's obviously the first philosopher to put forward a large corpus of writings, but he considered his precursors no less philosophical than he. Homer and Hesiod especially he takes to be the starting point of both concealed political philosophy and the source of the Heraclitean and Protagorean theses on becoming.One path might be Homer, Hesiod's Theogony, the Pre-Socratics, and Herodotus. That's a lot of reading and work though, but it put before you a lot of the issues Plato and Aristotle pick up especially the conflict between nature and custom in Herodotus.
You just gotta start with them
greekswaste of timestart with zizek
tfw dozens of the same thread in a single dayjust sticky this already
You think they care about quality on 4chan?
Favorite short story collections?
dubliners
