Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
I'm about 100 pages in and this is by far the most fun I've ever had reading. What do you think of inherent vice /lit/? Any more novels like it?Also, I'm aware of its complexity but is Gravitys Rainbow as fun to read?
Meme
talentless hack
any more novels like it?Plato - The Republic
hilarious
I enjoyed Crying Of Lot 49 and Bleeding Edge much, much more, I'm not so sure why, I didn't really care for Doc at all
Wow epic meme replies guys
I watched the movie before reading the book so that kinda spoiled my reading experience, but it was really fun nonetheless. I liked The Crying Of Lot 49 too
Try the Illuminatus! trilogy, or Eco's Foucault's Pendulum
I read it early this year, can't say it was the most fun I ever had, had its ups and downs for me, but it was a fun read. Can't really relate to the whole drug and hippie culture aspect.
Gravity's Rainbow is the kind of book that gets you laughing so hard you can't breathe one moment then kicks you in the nuts the next.
Gravity's Rainbow is a hell of a lot more funMost fun I've ever had
This, there are passages that go full-Bugs Bunnythat aerial pie-warmfw I read that high as fuckLove Le Pinecone's Rainbow and Illuminatus!, should I go for Foucault's pendulum then?
I think Inherent Vice and Bleeding Edge are both underrated on this board, really fun books to read.But Gravity's Rainbow is probably the most fun book ever written. Takes more work from the reader but you'll get a lot out of it if you put it in.
Is this better than the movie?
Yes.
Not necessarily. How about you read it and find out?
Christian Bale really nailed the role, but the film misses out on some of the book's hilarity like the constant analysis of other people's wardrobes, the mistaken identities, and the weirdness of some things like the Patty Winter Show I think that was the name and the extended analysis of Whitney Houston/Phil Collins/Huey Lewis. But the film did give us Dubs Guy.
Warning. No dubs checking within.
I could watch the movie over and over, but I never need to read the book again.Might be fun to take a hit of amyl nitrate every time he writes the phrase 'nameless dread,' though. As I recall it was an awful lot.
I reread it a month ago. It was worth it. The violence wasn't as hard to swallow after reading Ellis's thoughts on the whole affair.
None of Less Than Zero's soul and all the anger Ellis has had over being a hack for a long time now. It's an unredeemable mess that's 200 pages too long. If you love the film you should probably read it. It's more of the same with more violence and more Bateman being Batemen, but with a few twists and the occasional intricacy the film didn't bother with I'm looking at you Carruthers and those black guys in the club. Aside from that your time's probably better spent with Forrest Gander or Ishmael Reed.
if you read the book after watching the movie you may be blindsided by how gory the book is. the 3rd person narration and the chapter on bottled water are incentive enough to read the book. the book is better
Less Than Zero's soul?
Less than Zero was absolutely soulless, a major 'point' of the book. The prose was so blatantly flat and concise, like - "I drove around with Blair for a few hours. We stopped and ate a burger. She had a Sprite I think. It doesn't matter. After that I went home and went to sleep."Fantastic book but purposely soulless.
HEATHEN NONSENSE THAT ENCOURAGES READERS TO PURSUE VAPID MATERIALISM. SHOULD BE BANNED ALONG WITH HARRY POTTER AND BUDDHIST APOLOGIA
IkrI felt that way the first time I read it. Yeah, well I'm retarded, whatever. I think the point of AP is lost on some young people. Because it was on me. Lost, I mean. The point was lost on me. Like the over long reviews of pop culture. Fucking Whitney Houston. Or whoever. Now I crack up when I hear or read critical reviews about corporate mass media garbage.
That's, like, the exact opposite of its pointActually, not really. The materialism honestly just seems to be a footnote
the mistaken identitiesthe extended analysis of Whitney Houston/Phil Collins/Huey LewisThe film nailed those, I don't know what more you would want.
The book provides greater texture and variety but the movies offers superior executionThat's a pun.
Silian Rail
I prefer the ending in the movie. But the book objectively has more in it.
The movie version follows the book very closely and very well. You won't gain 'much' from reading it, but you should anyway as it's a great read.
The books was making fun of yuppies and materialism you idiot
whoosh is the sound
WrongUntil you see the way Bateman teases cold hobos with money, as an afterthought, what goes through his mind as he's killing people, the gore itself and how it turns into comedy by the end, and witness his mental deterioration the patty winter's show today featured a cheerio sitting on very tiny chair, talking for 3 hours, then you haven't actually experienced American PsychoThe movie is more visceral and maybe more entertaining, but it's not American Psycho
How do I into pic related?Do I have to start with the greeks and then progress to Joyce's other shit or can I just go for it?
Read Dubliners and Artist first.
Should one of my goals in life be to read Ulysses in its fullness/understanding? If so, what literary trek must I first take in order to accomplish this.Please be specific, this is a genuine question here.
yes it absolutely should.read dubliners and portrait of the artist and have an immense vocabulary that's all
the entire western canon
Whats a good hardcover edition to get? If I understand correctly, there is the original version, then an extended version published in the 60s containing material which was banned originally?Eg is this following ok?
There really should just be a sticky about Ulysses; it would save dozens of threads.
there should be a meme trilogy sticky
There should be a ban on the word "meme".
What is the entire western canon?
tfw rereading only a couple months later because i remember only ideas and sensations
What's a good supplementary book for Ulysses? I have the Vintage paperback of the 60s version, if that matters. I don't feel like buying an annotated version as I already own the book
Read Homer, Virgil, Shakespeare, Dante, Joyce's previous works
tfw bought a cheap paperback copy that came with all sorts of helpful handwritten notes translating the foreign phrases and noting the allusionstfw it also came with the two schemas as separate papers folded and used as bookmarksits a good feeling. Hopefully gonna reread it this year
Maybe if you weren't such a gains goblin and didn't just shitpost there wouldn't be as many such threads. But who am I kidding? You're a 21st century Hippolyte Charles.
Joyce's other shit is important to read first. You don't really need to read Homer but you should've by now anyways but it helps. Hamlet is pretty important to have read too. Also know a bit about Irish history. Joyce was big on Aristotle if you really want to get into it.
Then you will need to read it a few times
I like all Joyce but Dubliners is my favourite."The Dead" is the most moving thing he ever wrote.
Preferrably read a lot first.But if you want the short answer: odyssey, hamlet, artist, dubliners and then ulysses.
Stop with the "how do I get into?" questions. You simply pick the book and read it. It's not a trilogy or a sequel or anything that requires prior reading. Yes, it would entail a tiny insignificant substance if you read Dubliners beforehand. In the wise words of Shia Labeouf; "JUST DO IT!"
Spoken like a true redditor.
Joyce's shit.
This, honestly. Read a fuckton, read that stuff, then Ulysses.
Which edition is the best edition?
this question is kind of related:I want to read Ulysses, but English is not my native language, I think that my understanding of English is decent enough to post cheeky banter with the lads on /lit/ and such, but I really doubt I have the vocabulary and comprehension to read the book and get at least half of the stuff that Joyce wrote.Is it alright to read a translation or English is the one and only way to read the book?I'm a Spanish native by the way.
Of course you loose stuff with translation, but really knowing English isn't so important as knowing Irish slang.Just prepare by reading Joyce's first two books, get a version of Ulysses with good expanatory notes, and use the internet as a guide to help you, and if you're a patient reader you'll do fine.
I had a pretty good reading of Ulysses I think.
what version would you recommend?
Ignore everyone. Read Hamlet and the Odyssey and then read Ulysses. Give yourself a month to read it. Read slowly. Re-read confusing passages. If you have a lot of trouble, read each chapter twice. Read at least a little out loud. If you like it, then buy a guide and read it referencing the guide. Oxford. OP this could be good for you because it has some good notes for a first read through instead of a comprehensive one. It's pointless not to read it in English. Ulysses is Ulysses because of the style.
I got the Oxford World Classics one and it suits me fine. I imagine there are many others with helpful notes. If you're really hardcore, you can buy Ulysses Annotated
spanish speaker here, read Dubliners in english, then Portrait in english, i have Ulysses in spanish and english, i'm reading it in spanish first and then english, that way it would be less overwhelming, that's what i did with Pynchon and it really helpedbesides you get to read them in two tongues which is kinda cool
Honestly my reccomendation is to read it twice. First time just go into it read entire thing as it goes. For the second time tho i reccomend reading greeks and previous joyce's works . Then what you do is simple synthesis of both experiences and what you've gotten out of book. If needed read it more times. Reread pages, sentences, take notes etc. That's how you read this book.
I'm a Spanish native by the way.if you can speak spanish, most of the big words are the same. its only small words that are diffren't and you seem to have a fine time with those. also, lots of what he references is french literature from the 19th century.
read a fucktonDoes that apply only to fiction or is a fuckton of non-fiction also ok?
Look, there is really no way to read about everything Ulysses talks about, since that would requite reading more or less everything Joyce ever read, and that man was mad well-read. Just have some grounding in Greek literature, Shakespeare, and Western philosophy, and that should be good enough.
Oh, also, knowing about Catholic theology would certainly help, but I know nothing of that stuff and I am still understanding and immensely enjoying the novel.
Really? I've jumped into it without having read A Portrait or Dubliners, and I'm having a grand old time. Am I really missing out on so much?
I recommend the Dover facsimile of the 1922 edition. The strength of it is that it is large and doesn't have notes. I think, for the first read, that the notes are a distraction and put too much pressure on trying to grasp the ineffable greatness of jamba juice, which transcends the good/bad dichotomy.If you're familiar with the Odyssey and Hamlet wikipedia familiar, at least, you ought to be able to understand much of what's going on in Ulysses with some easily accessed help. I mean, it's worth knowing the form of each episode that Oxen represent the development of the English language, or that Ithaca is a catechism, but notes that link characters to historical persons are, for the most part, a needless distraction. The common /lit/ victim is so burdened with bullshit when approaching Joyce that he ought to shirk the expectations and just read the text, work at understanding it because it does take work, and enjoy the many pleasures of one of the greatest novels in the language.
gravity's rainbow
Is Artist his most accessible work? I'm not at all familiar with Joyce or his influences/references, but I w2as able to read Artist because it how some beautiful passages and the story had merit on it's own even though I assume I have a fairly superficial understanding of it.
read the iliadread the odysseyread hamletread dublinersread portrait of the artistthis is the bare minimum for ulysses
I think Ulysses is impossible to translate. Just FYI.
Sorry to ressurrect the thread, but I'm looking for this, as well.Actually, just a Oxen of the Sun companion who's more reliable than Sparknotes would be fine, I'm a non-native speaker and at times I get confused as fuck with that.
Just be a tryhard and read a condensed version and the cliffnotes then pretend it's your favourite book of all time, just like everyone else on /lit/
I have the a english and portuguese copy. My gf has a professor who studies Joyce, and I asked him what to do, he recommended me reading in english and using the translation for parts that go over your head.
That's actually a very good idea.
it can be popular as a translation in china, I'm sure it's fine en espanol
Popularity =/= quality
ITT: Claim your literary husbando.Kierkegaard claimed! He is perfect
My perfect Greek lover
Fuck, I wanted him.
I'm writing an essay on "philosophy and film" and i'm quite new to philosophy. Can anyone here recommend some good articles or some other sources which i can skim through cause i won't have time to read entire books on the subject.
I'm writing an essay on "philosophy and film"and i'm quite new to philosophyput that off for a while mate
Fallout imageI'm writing an essay on "philosophy and film" and i'm quite new to philosophysome good articles or some other sources which i can skim through cause i won't have time to read entire books on the subjectGo away
Sadly not doable, and it doesn't have to be something out of this world. 5page essay with something not dumb included...
You should read all of Plato's Dialogues. Most of them can be found on wikipedia and you can get his book "The Republic" as most libraries. That will give you a really good idea of philosphy.
literally only image on my pc, as it's a wallpaper that my coworker put up yesterday... My bad if it really makes you mad or some shit.
watch Robert Bresson's pickpocketlist all the obvious ways it is a critique of rational egoismget b+ on paper????profit
Google your favorite film with 'philosophy of said film', see what it brings up and focus on whatever it brings up and if it's five pages it really won't matter if it's correct tbh la
"Philosophy and film"New to philosophyI think it's safe to assume you are in art school or worse, if such a thing is possible high school. In that case, I recommend you to watch Zizeks "Pervert's guide to cinema" and/or "Pervert's guide to ideology".It'll cover your 5-year old attention span and allow you to plagiarize something your professors/teachers are too dumb to understand and/or know the existence of.
As garbage as it is look up some stuff on French Post-modernism. It'll look sciencey and complicated and give your film studies professor a tremendous sense of self importance and make him feel like a "scholar"
Here:Curious to your thoughts on these 3
Thank you for suggestions guys. It's actually a philosophy uni, and i know some basic 1st year stuff, but i have problems approaching and connecting the two. Don't judge me cause i'm still getting used to this no-spare-time system.
unino spare timewat
Mix it with a full time job + traveling, and it gets quite exhausting.
What Uni is it?
Old thread's about to archive.New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
What SF/F books are you currently reading?Against a dark backgroundWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Consider PhlebasWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Banks/BaxterRecent purchases?pic relatedUpcoming releases you're excited for?The Long UtopiaWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Space OperaWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?It was all a dream
I was researching the fantasy genre, specifically High and Low fantasy and came across this from wiki.Critical interpretationsFantasy fiction that acknowledges the real world, low fantasy and portal fantasy, are especially attractive to those who are marginalised by society, particularly female writers[original research?].are there really a lot of female writers that do Low fantasy? It's so sad to hear that female writers are at such a disadvantage in society today.
Continuing random conversation from last thread:Long Sun is the Iliad, Short Sun is the Odyssey.
I especially had never considered Long Sun as similar to the Iliad, though I have seen the Short Sun Odyssey comparisons at least once before. I'll have to give this some thought.Is Silk the analogue to Achilles? And if so, who would be Agamemnon? If we take the real conflict of the Iliad as between Agamemnon and Achilles, does that also fit in with the narrative of Long Sun? Have you read The God and His Man? I think one of the goals of Long Sun is similar to that, in that it explores several ways of government and society before settling upon the same crux that Master Malrubius's teachings rest upon: that the only allegiance worth having is to a higher being. It's been a few years since I've read the Iliad and the Odyssey though so I could be staring this answers right in the face or something. Strangely enough I was planning on rereading the Iliad in a few days, so I might as well just read them both again.
I wouldn't say Achilles vs Agamemnon was the central conflict; it was mainly the 'Rage' of Achilles His beef with Agamemnon was part of it however But that was just what Homer used for his commentary of the idea of Heroism and Honour.
As I was writing it I had some doubts over how central it actually is. I suppose I meant more that the heroism/honor conflict could be viewed most succinctly in the differences between the two characters, that they sort of summarize the whole affair in a way that I can't view the conflict of Long Sun through.I'll probably elaborate some more on it later, after waking up, because I think the different stages that occur throughout the four Long Sun volumes can be matched up at least superficially with many of the usual trappings Wolfe employs.
I spent 10 dollars buying the Kindle version of Starfish just to see its downloadable for free on the author's website. I feel pretty dumb tbh
Cosmerefag reporting in.non-genre booksBut what about hard sci-fi stories from an established author who has a doctorate in Astrophysics?
loves fantasy lurked in the last 2 threads from beginning to endOP starts this thread with leper R DonaldsonFuck off with that book.
Just finished the dune seriesthe last 2-3 books were rather underwhelming I was considering starting the foundation series soon, but might step away from sf/f books for a while and catch up on some essential lit/meme core
Is there anything like it at all? Really dug the whole 'iron-age thousands of years after the end' thing it had going. Don't really care about plot or action, just want something that elaborates on how societies have developed over time.
I'm a huge fan of Greg Egan, he's written the hardest sci-fi I've ever read. Clockwork Rocket, Schild's Ladder or Incandescence are probably up your alley.Wikipedia say's he's got a B Science in Mathematics, so take that as you will.
Nothing compares to RW. I got a bit of a fix reading Clockwork Orange and Trainspotting but that was just for the interesting uses of language.
Book of Dave is kinda similar in the vaguest sense.
The Wake by Paul Kingsnorth has similar phoentic, "slang"-heavy prose. Just finished it the other day, I'd recommend it even if it's a bit dull at times.
Please switch up the questions each thread OP. The first question is really the only one worth keeping every time.
What's the best modern sci fi you have read? Written in the last ten years as an example.I went through the picture in the op and most under the modern catagory are still quite old.
Tough one. I'd say probably Windup Girl, it's not the best sci-fi I've ever read but most of the stuff I read is from 1990.
Are the Black Company books any good?
it was all a dreamUsed to read sword-up magazine?
Could anyone recommend me some really hard sci-fi? I like Clarke a lot but I'm looking for something more sciencey
Yeah, I'm trying to find good sci fi that's recent but i'm struggling. Most of it sounds really boring.
I was asking that anon's opinion on authors who fit the criteria I listed. Sorry if it was confusing.
Does anyone know of any fantasy series with elves and dwarves and all that generic shit but told from the perspective of like an elf that isnt one of those fucking tree huggers that hangs out with humans and isn't spewing poetry every second. Or some dwarf that doesn't dig and live in a mine.
Morgan and Gawain up at the round table?
Now Lancelot and Gawain are both fucking my queen?
Death Gate Cycle has elves and I think dwarves that don't conform to standard stereotypes but they don't exactly have perspectives in the context that I believe you want.Regardless, it's a fucking good series.

Anyone? I'm thinking about buying them
They're excellent. Get the omnibuses.
So, did i do good /lit/?
eww
What's your favorite sci-fi of the last five years or so? Anything mind-blowing come out? Additions or starts to big series?
save yourself the time, the black company is shitno
Best adventure/S&S books with a female protagonist?
i just read asimov's Caves of Steel and The Naked Sun and i was wondering if anyone had read the rest of the books in the series? it's just that after reading both those 2 they were essentially the same book and i'd rather go for something different. maybe the original robot shorts?
Under rated post super Nintendo Sega genesis.
Just about to finish up with Bolo!. Once that's out of the way I'm gonna go raid the local bookstore and see if I can find The Fall of Hyperion.
What is bolo? I've heard about an old computer game...
Bolo! is a collection of novellas about the titular Bolos, which are sentient battle tanks.They're surprisingly heartfelt for stories about giant, futuristic tanks.
none of Peter Watts' works are in the sci fi recommendation listAt the very least Blindsight should be on, if not that and Starfish.
Hey General, what are some fantasy stories where a pretender to the throne of a kingdom has to be kicked off by the rightful heir? I'm sure there are tons, but don't know any titles.
well there's always that series written by that fat man in the suspendersan amusement of chairs or something i think
Not really what I had in mind. I'm looking for the sort of stories that would've inspired that.
i like books like enders game and lord of the ringsany advice on what i should read next?
Check out the NASA trilogy by Baxter, it can be read in any order. If you like geology start with moonseed.
I really liked dune but am not liking its sequel so far. Should I continue or read something else? If so, what?
Yes, you should read them.
Opinions on Kevin J. Anderson?
Reading Liveship at the moment and just waiting for it to end. It's not bad, but I'm only reading it as a gateway from Farseer to Tawny Man.I've got three sci-fi books sitting on my shelf after I finish. Which one?Canticle for LeibowitzThe DispossessedLord of Light
Altered Carbon by Richard Morgan and, if you like it, the next two Kovacs booksBrasyl by Ian McDonaldAlso:The Gone-Away World by Nick Harkaway is one of my favourite novels.Haven't read Weeks but his shit always looks awfully entry-level to me. Like the kind of thing you would read before even Jordan or Sanderson.Liked God's War by Kameron Hurley, have yet to read the others in the series.The Half-Made World by Felix GilmanMost high fantasy novels ever. But specifically:Farseer Trilogy by Robin HobbHalf a King by Joe AbercrombieLyonesse by Jack Vance had this, I thinkThe Long Prince Quarter by Daniel Abraham had something along those linesI preferred Liveships to the Fitz books all up. Good work reading them in order, I read Tawny Man before it and there's a major fucking spoiler in there.Lord of Light.
Canticle For Leibowitz was a great read
Farseer TrilogyThose are those books with the kid named Fitz that has everything bad that could possibly happen to him, happen, right?I liked the worldbuilding but holy shit when all that awful stuff happened and they got to the third book and he was hit with a double whammy of the magic tea he'd been drinking had completely stunted his magic and the bit where his dog-partner shows up and all his friends stare at him like he's a monster I was just like "holy shit does the author have a fetish for this?"
What SF/F books are you currently readingCurrently reading The Iron Council by China Mieville. His political interests obviously left a huge mark in his writing with this book. It's alright so far, but no Perdido Street Station or The Scar yet. I'm guessing it'll explode near the end though and rank up there with the rest.What SF/F books have you read this year?Memories of Ice - Steven EriksonTime of Contempt and Baptism of Fire - Andrzej SapzowskiAbaddon's Gate - James SA CoreyThe Last Command - Timothy ZahnThe Lord of the RingsWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Glen Cook for getting me into the Fantasy genre.Steven Erikson for firmly keeping me there.Recent purchases?Nothing lately, but once I'm finished with Iron Council I'm re-reading The Black Company Chronicles and Books of the South, then getting the last two Black Company omnibuses.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Got nothing so far.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Military fantasy and non-traditional fantasy.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Too pleb to answer this.
I never read Sci-Fi, but picked up Snow Crash and am getting it started. I'm really loving the prose. Am I doing it right?
What SF/F books are you currently readingJonathan Strange and Mr. NorrellWhat SF/F books have you read this year?None.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Roger Zelazny, Isaac Asimov, Joe Abercrombie, GRRMRecent purchases?None.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Queen of Fire by Anthony RyanWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?For SF I really like far flung future stuff like The Last Question by Asimov or For A Breath I Tarry by Roger Zelazny, for fantasy I'm down for anything.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Monty Python and the Holy Grail
What are the best books by Fritz Leiber? and other similar books with thieves and stuff like that?
Is Mirrorshades worth reading or is it fedoracore?
Never read this but "Sentences of Death by John BrunnerThe Face of Chaos by Lynn AbbeyThe Gate of the Flying Knives by Poul AndersonShadowspawn by Andrew OffuttThe Price Of Doing Business by Robert AsprinBlood Brothers by Joe HaldemanMyrtis by Christine DeWeesThe Secret of the Blue Star by Marion Zimmer Bradley""Joe Haldeman"I think you should give it a try
Yep, that one.Yeah Snow Crash is good stuff.The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch.
Thanks, i already read it and really liked, dunno if i will read the sequels cause everyone is saying they're not as good as the first and i already have a lot of things to read.
Yes
I read the 2nd and was unimpressed. Well, the stuff in the city was good but the stuff at sea was shit. Heard worse things about the 3rd.
eh, it's a pity, the first one was really funny and i loved all the character and setting.
Eh, you may enjoy the second. As I said there's some great "heist" type stuff in the city half of the book, but there's a whole sea excursion which takes up the middle of the books with two annoying as fuck strong women stereotype characters who did my fucking head in.
Self-bump for you niggas who are interested in recent hard sci-fi, or we could even discuss it for the few of you who have read them.
I'm currently reading Shadow of the Torturer, enjoying it a lot mainly for the atmosphere but was Wolfe by any chance influenced by Meryvyn Peak? The descriptions of the castles, how bleak everything is and how ritual focused people are remind me so much of Gormenghast.
it's possible.but the descriptions of castles and the rituals all serve another purpose as well.
Wouldn't surprise me if Wolfe had a little bit of Peake in his writing, but far as I can twll his biggest influences are Jack Vance the setting Proust nature of memory amd Borgeshow one interprets myth
Not that anon but what are the best books by Vance and Borges?
, 
I don't get it
That's because it's the worst Pynchon book besides Vineland of course, we don't talk about that one. Try The Crying of Lot 49.
This is his most difficult novel I think. I've read most of his major works, including Gravity's Rainbow twice, but V. was always the book I had the most trouble with.
ur not suppozed 2
Well shit. Why did /lit/ tell me to start with it? Because it's his first?
It's not. Gravity's Rainbow gets a lot more abstract and disjointed at certain points. The key to understanding V. is to think of the events in the context of all the other ones in the book. That and you shouldn't read it too quickly. You'll probably miss out on a lot of details that would have filled in the blanks if you try to read it at a normal speed or any faster than that.
Guise this isn't a bizarro thread, what are you doing
Because it's his first?Yeah, V. is a very good indicator of the style of literature he would continue to write in throughout his career. Also, I don't think that my opinion is a very common one. There are certain sections in V. that are significantly more coherent than the more nutty parts of GR; what I had trouble with was keeping track of the overarching story and how each episode related to one another. But come to think of it, I also spent a lot more time with GR and took it more "seriously" since it's supposed to be his magnum opus and everything.I should really reread V. is what I'm saying.
You really should. It doesn't sound like you put enough effort into it the first time around.
It also relates to Gravity's Rainbow in a lot of ways. Gravity's Rainbow makes heavy use of certain events and characters introduced in V. .
Pynchon's books are like that on the first readThe second time is always amazing
This. I fucking agree.
Give me a reason as to why Wikipedia is NOT a reliable source. Sick of people saying "ohh but you just cited that from wikipedia, anyone can edit that"Show me one instance where this is true
things are only said to be reliable because people who claim to know say it, so in the end there's no differencedoes a credential make a source "reliable"? not clearthe real problem is wikipedia is an inconsistent hodge-podgeat this point i go there for the same reason i go here: to get a smattering of what some random group of people have to say -- not anything remotely authoritative on the matter
crazy SJW edit wikipedia all the time to make everybody gay.alexander the great wikipedia is an example, now it's nowhere near as bad as it used to. I remember one time there was a whole section talking about how gay he was and at the very end there was a little sentence saying "there's no proof he was gay"Nietzsche is also gay according to wiki, so is achilles. Plato write gay romance and lolita like books if i'm supposed to trust wiki.
Wikipedia's great, I often use it instead of reading books so I can talk about a book with people when I haven't *technically* read it. It's really useful for stuff like that.
I hate Wikipedia. I spent hour of time and translated material from one language division of Wikipedia to another.They erased my work without the explanation of reasons. I hate Wikipedia.
/v/
Nah, you have to actually play games to get anything out of them.
Most people don't actually 'read' Wikipedia, they just skim it and use their newfound info to best suit them.Talking about outdated old media that you're unfamiliar with? Wiki it.Want to blurt out some ol' English so you can rub your sophisticated vocabulary in your friends' faces? Wiki it!I'm sure that if you explain the trustworthy of Wikipedia in detail to the opposing critic, he's sure to change his mind on the spot. Feel free to throw in unique phrases such as 'objectively accredited' and 'user created, scholar approved'.Go get 'em, tiger!
Show me one instance where this is trueAmple amount, I'm not going to bother. The point is that Wikipedia articles are supposed to link to sources for all their claims. If you can't track down that source and so your only source is Wikipedia itself, there is by definition and by Wikipedia's own rules nothing reliable about whatever you just copied from there.without the explanation of reasonsIf your translation was into English, this might be an indication of why... :^I think they have a policy about article translations too, but don't remember what it's about.

because wikipedia its a secondary source at best and often tertiary or even higher, follow the sources at the bottom of the page and use those instead you dumb fuck
A lot of academic papers don't use very reliable sources either. Pretty much any paper that gets written, you can find some discrepancy in their sources, if you look. Wikipedia is the same. Maybe a little worse seeing how it's written by multiple people. The problem is that there's no such thing as "Truth". Unless you're talking about purely scientific things, and even then things can get iffy. History, people, literature, anything subjective has about 100 different sides to the story, usually pretty hard to sort out what is "true".
Have you ever written a paper? Do you happen to be familiar with the concept of 'canon'?
Yes and yes. Just because something is canon, doesn't necessarily mean it's correct either.
It happens all the time. All it takes is one asshole to actually investigate a source and then the whole academic community is shook. "Oh my god! This shit we blindly took for granted for 50 years might not be true!!!"
Well yeah, sure, but it's the academic consensus. Hence the added reliability.
Why wouldn't the source be investigated? How does something become canon in the first place?
A lot of wikipedia articles do have noticable bias to them, even if they're decently sourced. It's just because a small group of autists have a disproportionate contribution.
Wikipedia isn't considered a source because it's a compilation of sources. It is reliable in the sense that they do try crack down on errors, and it's generally as reliable as any other encyclopedia.
It used to be more unreliable and the reputation stuck.Use it and just cite Wikipedia's sources
Maybe it couldn't be investigated until now. Maybe people thought the case was so simple it didn't need investigated. Lots of reasons. Why is it that they used to think fats were the main cause of heart problems, now they think that excess sugars are? There's lots of examples of this. Even though academics like to think they're above this. A lot of time there's the whole "Well, XX said this, and he's REALLY FUCKING SMART, so it must be true!" Then 50 years after he's dead some asshole comes by and asks if that guy was really fucking smart. There was a point where Freud was thought a genius and an authority on the mind. Now...most will kind of shrug at him and say "Well...he got the ball rolling."
All mathematics articles and proofs in wikipedia are pretty good.
Yeah but they logically follow from explicit premises. They include everything you need to verify them on your own / are their own verification.
Okay, I have another question: Are you familiar with the concept of new editions?
Sure, like real new editions, or new editions where they just mix the content around and call it a new edition?
It says morning glory seeds don't give a psychedelic experience.
They don't? I got morning glories growing all over the place...
Ugh, you gonna get pissed by my being a condescending asshole anytime soon or do I have to troll harder?I think they make new editions because of some irregularity that people always point out from time to time. It's how an entire field corrects itself over time. People also check sources if they're older than a given period 4-5 years, I think? to make sure the new papers submitted use the newest information.
What makes you think I'm pissed? I'm actually drinking tea, listening to a podcast, and reading a technical manual, only paying about 1/4 attention to anything you say. anyway, what you're describing is science correcting itself when they actually find discrepancies in sources, which was my entire point in the first place. So, point proven. Thanks.
I've seen lots of articles on Wikipedia with no sources whatsoever, and many dittoes lacking citations as well as the [citation needed] tag. I have also often encountered articles with proper citations, but with extreme cherry-picking among the sources.
Wat. I said I was waiting for you to get pissed.And I was trying to prove the validity of canon.
It's got an anti religious bias. On the Christianity page it goes straight ahead and criticizes it.
The modern world has an anti religious bias. Get on with the times gramps
modern Europe*The vast majority of the world is still deeply religious
They do!
Wikipedia being biased in favor of feminism

Bet they don't do this with the religion of peace
rub you balls with your fingers and smell themdo it now
A couple years ago the article on Lucius Iunius Brutus ommited the fact that such a person, in all likelyhood, never even existed. This is how bad wikipedia can be.
I love wikipedia. It contains nearly everything mankind has ever done or discovered, available to everyone and for free. I mean, some 14 year old kid could add "Sally is a slag" to some random page and it would take the mods a few minutes to ban said kid and fix it. It is not perfect; some sources are unreliable, people use it for all the wrong reasons and it can be biased at times, but it is sill pretty great. Note I do not use it, but respect it nonetheless.
this is a frightening idea
I use wikipedia all the time, but I never cite it. I just go to the sources they cite and read those and cite them if I think they are credible.Just go to the citations and read those, never fails.
This is why peer review is so important...
It's mostly that they are done by competent people tbh. Past is the time when you could look at wikipedia for some quick vulgarization math article, now it's proofs all the way down. It's good for research, but it doesn't benefit laymen anymore.
A fun test is to read a given page in two or three languages and see if the informations are consistent between the articles. Sometimes you'll discover that some famous guy finished undergraduate at age 13,15 or 17 depending on the article. Rather funny.
Because academics are charlatans that would rather assume sources are correct when it coincides with their ideology.
Well you're genuinely retarded, so your efforts were unfruitful.
As is evident from your responses, I will assume that you simply have poor reading comprehension. Heck, you had my meaning head-ass-backwards.Okay.
key was was designed
A lecturer at my former university wrote a book and when that subject came up, several students used it as a source and got fairly low marks. A few weeks later, he apologised before a lecture to say his book was wrong. It had been published two years earlier and this is the first time he or anyone had noticed the mistakes. Academia is a joke.
the first link about sea glass, the article says that one of the rare colors prized by collectors is yellow, which comes from old Vaseline jars from the 1920s. This is incorrect. The author is referring to "Vaseline glass" which is an old nickname originating in the 1920s for certain types of uranium glass which often has a yellowish color similar to that of petroleum jelly see second link. Vaseline glass was not actually used in Vaseline jars.
I just got the jokeKill myself
I've never read Hegel. Explain the joke, though.
bagel rhymes with hegel
It doesn't.
it does too bad

Bagel, IPA: 'beJɡəl'Hegel, IPA: 'heːɡəl'Yeah, 'eJ' totes rhymes with 'heː'
everyone uses the same phonemes
nope too bad
Names are supposed to be pronounced the same in all languages, you damned American
the bagel is the sublated object par excellence. within the center of its circle is the seed of the negative waiting to be dialectically consumed in the act of eating.
bay-gullhay-gullsounds good to me
Whoprefers the familiar to the unknown...the tried to the untried, fact to mystery, the actual to the possible, the limited to the unbounded, the near to the distant, the sufficient to the superabundant, the convenient to the perfect, present laughter to utopian blisshere?Who are the great conservative authors and poets?Trollope? Housman? Thackerary? Pascal? Heidegger?Can we class John Wyndham's comfortable middle-class science fiction classics as conservative despite their crass genre identification given their intense concern with the fragility of human culture?
prefers the familiar to the unknown...the tried to the untried, fact to mystery, the actual to the possible, the limited to the unbounded, the near to the distant, the sufficient to the superabundant, the convenient to the perfect, present laughter to utopian blissWho would think this sounds appealing, save an absolutely wretched, desperate creature?
god no
this, you're not doing a very good job of making this sound appealing
fact to mysterythat's for plebs
You should not understand Based Oakeshott. He is a mystic in the tradition of Lao Tzu and Nicolas of Cusa. He doesn't mean mystery in a deeper philosophical sense, he's just talking about people who turn away from reality.
this is a good list
It's actually a very bad list.
Even if I would, I wouldn't any more after that quote of yours.
 Nope
You have the mind of a child.
You have the mind of a grumpy old man.let's just stick with what's already done lads fuck things that aren't done already why can't we pause human history in the 1950s forever
The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Then by definition there is no difference between conservative lit and any other lit, and any preference is merely delusion
It's not a bad list in itself. The namefag posting it is as he hasn't read a single book from that list, and, even if he has read any books from that list, lacks the understanding to understand them anyways.t. rightimplying left wing and right wing dichotomyleaningfag
I thought Heidegger was a post modernist, how is he conservative?
implying left wing and right wing dichotomyThat part was meant to be spoilered, oh fug.
I do not think that Heidegger can really be termed a post-modernist, although a lot of his followers were. Post-modernism can be a fairly conservative force because it undermines theoretical pretensions which conservatism - a truly relativistic philosophy, although one fully committed to its present inherited values - always intentionally lacks. Foucault, for example, is a seminal conservative author despite the leftist politics he held in private.
that quote's not very interesting, OP. seems like a philosophy for timid little souls afraid of any exploration.
Guys, I don't think op is pro-conservative.
I think his time was a bit before postmodernism came into full swing, and while some of his thought was certainly influential on many postmodernists, I don't know if he would identify with them.As for his conservatism, he did seem to be wary of how our culture was advancing and becoming highly dependent on technology and science, and how that was alienating us from older ways of understanding Being, but from what I've read of him, he doesn't seem to fit neatly into any particular camp, and has followers in a lot of different ones.
does it matter what his personal beliefs are? I think the average poster here tends to be leftist but most of us still respect conservative thinkers.
I imagine the average poster here wouldn't know what "leftism" is, especially if they're American.
The hatred for the established in this thread is why art galleries are now spending millions on dead sharks instead of buying actual art. The fetish for the new is a cancer.
"stuff that used to be new is better than stuff that is new now"pretty narrow minded
The traditional was never 'new'. It is always an extension of a great thread connecting the present to our most distant ancestors. Your radicalism is sickening and anti-human.
The traditional was never 'new'oh come onwe'll talk about art visual arts since you mentioned "art museums"you don't think it was heretical for Michelangelo to go digging up corpses?and what about all that christian-inspired art? hate to break it to you but there weren't paintings of Jesus before he lived
Your mind lacks subtlety.
You are a fucking idiot, aren't you. What does post-modernism have to do with left-wing/right-wing?
In that case you have nothing to whinge about innit?
confirmative
Hello, I hope this semi-dead thread is good enough to ask my question:Back when you guys were still making the first conservative literature list someone mentioned a Finnish dude. I think he's a neofascist, and he had some type of manifesto/treaty online. In it he talked about revolution, and I remember he was very concerned with looks/fashion. Anyone knows who I'm talking about?It's not Pentti Linkola before you mention it
That's an awful quote and I'm questioning your intentions here, OP.
As /lit/ is such a well-behaved, conventionally leftist board by 4chan's standards, it is amusing to see that the mere mention of conservative thought is enough to get people riled.Have some more. Don Colacho's aphorisms:don [hyphen] colacho dot blogspot dot com"The Gospels and the Communist Manifesto are on the wane; the world’s future lies in the power of Coca-Cola and pornography.""Writing is the only way to distance oneself from the century in which it was one’s lot to be born.""In the society that is starting to take shape, not even the enthusiastic collaboration of the sodomite and the lesbian will save us from boredom.""Even small-town grudges are more civilized than the mutual indifference of big cities."
"Even small-town grudges are more civilized than the mutual indifference of big cities."rather like that one
Kai Murros?
Absolutely based. I admire Hayek's defence of traditional practices and institutions, even under the layers of autistic social theory he decides to bury it under, but I can never consider him a truly great conservative because he doesn't have the serious anti-modern streak that Colacho demonstrates here. I think all great conservatives have something anti-bourgeois in them, regardless of their social background.I particularly like Carl Schmitt's portrait of modernity in an early commentary on the poetry of Theodor Daubler sadly the poem and Schmitt's commentary are not available in full in English - this passage comes from the English translation of Heinrich Meier's sublime The Lesson of Carl Schmitt: Four Chapters on the Distinction between Political Theology and Political Philosophy:This age has characterized itself as the capitalistic, mechanistic, relativistic age, as the age of transport, of technology, of organization. Indeed, ‘business’ does seem to be its trademark, business as the superbly functioning means over the end, business which annihilates the individual such that everything must go smoothly and without any needless friction. The achievement of vast, material wealth, which arose from the general preoccupation with means and calculation, was strange. Men have become poor devils; ‘they know everything and believe nothing.’ They are interested in everything and are enthusiastic about nothing. They understand everything; their scholars register in history, in nature, in men’s own souls. They are judges of character, psychologists, and sociologists, and in the end they write a sociology of sociology. Wherever something does not go completely smoothly, an astute and deft analysis or a purposive organization is able to remedy the incommodity. Even the poor of this age, the wretched multitude, which is nothing but ‘a shadow that hobbles off to work,’ millions who yearn for freedom, prove themselves to be children of this spirit, which reduces everything to a formula of its consciousness and admits of no mysteries and no exuberance of the soul. They wanted a heaven on earth, heaven as the result of trade and industry, a heaven that is really supposed to be here on earth, in Berlin, Paris, or New York, a heaven with swimming facilities, automobiles, and club chairs, a heaven in which the holy book would be the timetable. They did not want a God of love and grace; they had ‘made’ so much that was astonishing; why should they not ‘make’ the tower of an earthly heaven? After all, the most important and last things had already been secularized. Right had become might; loyalty, calculability; truth, generally acknowledged correctness; beauty, good taste; Christianity, a pacifist organization. A general substitution and forgery of values dominated their souls. A sublimely differentiated usefulness and harmfulness took the place of the distinction between good and evil. The confounding was horrific.
prefers the familiar to the unknown...the tried to the untried, fact to mystery, the actual to the possible, the limited to the unbounded, the near to the distant, the sufficient to the superabundant, the convenient to the perfect, present laughter to utopian blissSo basically, conservative is another word for boring cunt
To a civilised human being who is well read and well studied and can truly communicate with the profound inheritance that is his culture, the familiar is the complete opposite of 'boring'. I will pray that you might one day reach such a mode of being, friend.
does one of these exist for "left-wing" writings?
'Chavs' by Owen Jones and 'How to Get Upset Over Nothing and Earn a Living Doing It' by Anita Sarkeesian.
yes!! that's the one! thanks
conservative thoughtwe live in the hindu dark ages just be a psychedelic warrior sage who rides tigers breh
muh julia ebolaGet fucked and stop caricaturing conservatism. He isn't taken seriously in our circles.
Teach me Catholicism's understanding of sex and sexuality.What is the purpose of sex?Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?
ITT bigots
Anon please. Im trying to learn.
What is the purpose of sex?why do you think that there is a purpose ?
All things exist with purpose, with Catholic doctrine.
What is the purpose of sex?Procreative unityWhy is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Sex is by definition a kind of procreative unity. This definition corresponds to a real part of human nature, because human beings are divided into two sexes, capable of fulfilling different reproductive roles, which requires a special kind of unity for those roles to be fulfilled. Fulfilling this functionality properly means marriage, while all other kinds of unnatural acts from fornication to sodomy are distortions of it. If one were instead to define "sex" differently perhaps a kind of pleasurable touching, idk, then we'd simply be talking about different functionalities, rather than the same phenomenon. The words we use for each aren't particularly important.Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?No. But the will must not intend something contrary or perverting of the purpose. This is because moral actions concern the right order of the will, and the right order of the will in the sexual respect is to fulfil its function- i.e., to bring sexual partners together in a procreatively-complementary union. This role can be fulfilled without directly intending the conclusion, though insofar as the will intends what excludes the fulfilment of the sexual faculties, he wills evil, and thus does evil.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?Marriage is a kind of union, specifically, a procreative one. A thing can be a member of a kind while, due to accident or mishap, be also unable to fulfil its characteristic function or be impeded in that function in some respect- e.g. having a nose which can't smell, or an eye which can't see, which is, though a member of the kind, a defective member of the kind. So the question of what a marriage is, is the question of what kind of union it is, rather than what the union happens to be able to accomplish. Homosexual unions, on the other hand, qua homosexual, are intrinsically incapable of procreative unity, hence are not kinds of marriage, which just is the normative fulfilment of the sexual faculty.
Sex is by definition a kind of procreative unityWhy is it that and not mutual genital stimulation of two or more individuals?
I'm not an expert but I'll try to give some answers. Caveat lector, I might be wrong.What is the purpose of sex?Marriage has a procreative and a unitive function in Catholicism. This means that marriage should occur within wedlock and should be 'open to procreation'.Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Eh? Because it's good at those purposes? Because God says so?Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?In a certain sense, yes. Sex should be within marriage, and open to procreation. That means that contraception and non-vaginal sex are sinful, though sex need not of necessity lead to children. This is because God created sex for these purposes, and we shouldn't go against God's design. I've heard some talk that to do so would be 'contrary to the dignity of the human person'.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?This a peculiarity about Catholic doctrine on sex. The sex act should be 'open to procreation'. This means that couples have penis-in-vagina sex without contraception. This does not go so far as to require that the couple must conceive and bear a child. The woman may be in an infertile phase, she may be pregnant, or she may be past her fertile years. The man may have low sperm motility. What is proscribed is to willingly close the sex act to new life, which essentially means all forms of sodomy, contraception and masturbation. In practical terms, the Catholic doctrine boils down to unprotected marital vaginal intercourse = good, anything else = bad. That's not to say that most Catholics follow this, though. Most Catholics of course use contraception and masturbate.I don't adhere to the Catholic view since I'm non-religious, but I've tried to be fair to it here. Catholic clergy have encouraged members of the laity to practice a rhythm method of contraception where couples have sex when the woman is at a less fertile point in her menstrual cycle. Things like this seem very strange to me because assiduously tracking symptoms of fertility for intercourse opportunities to me seems a lot like 'closing the sexual act to life'. Does doing it that way trick God into thinking you want a little baby? Anyway, I'll stop before I go full fedora.
What is the purpose of sex?ProcreationWhy is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Because that is why God made it for. Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?It has to be done within marriage and open to life. That's the only rule really.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?Gay marriage doesn't exist. There is no such thing. It is wrong because it goes against nature. It is also a mortal sin to participate in same sex intercourse. Also you could have googled it.
Because that is called mastrubation.
Here is an article that explains it pretty well
It doesn't much matter how you define the word. If you define sex solely by the stimulation of genital organs, as I said that's fine- you're just talking about a different behaviour than I am. Call the Catholic and, indeed, traditional definition "Shmex" if you want- what's important is the nature of the faculty referred to. Some forms of genital stimulation what you call "sex" will be defective forms of "shmex," and hence will be perverse, while others will be fulfilments of the "shmexual" faculty, hence will be legitimate aspects of human fulfilment.
You can have oral sex to help you reach a shared climax.
Source?
le epik John Milbank meme xD
Can you read any Slavic languages?If you can't try Google.

Sorry I opened several chapters of that ebook and searched for "oral sex" and found nothing.I did find this website that claims the Catholic Church allows oral sex as foreplay, but that climax should not be substituted for coitus.also this website that calls oral sex 'unnatural' and therefore 'intrinsically evil'.
Sex is by definition a kind of procreative unity. This definition corresponds to a real part of human nature, because human beings are divided into two sexes, capable of fulfilling different reproductive roles, which requires a special kind of unity for those roles to be fulfilled. Fulfilling this functionality properly means marriage, while all other kinds of unnatural acts from fornication to sodomy are distortions of it.How can you reconcile this understanding with the idea of ordering yourself around love?How would gay sex be contrary in some manner to ordering yourself towards love?
According to Catholic teaching, love isn't the only purpose of sex. Or a sufficient purpose. You have to have unprotected coitus in marriage for it to be ethical sex. Using contraceptives or a different orifice would be deliberately making sex infertile. Not that infertile sex is morally wrong, it's only morally wrong if you deliberately make it infertile. And doing it in the butt or mouth counts. So, no gay stuff.
Let me rephrase myself.How can you reconcile this understanding with the idea of ordering yourself around nature?How would gay sex be contrary in some manner to ordering yourself towards nature?It seems God is supportive of natural law. how does homosexuality fit into this?
Gay people are broken. According to the Catholic Church, homosexuals are 'intrinsically disordered towards an objective moral evil', that is gay sex.
Doesn't this come from an arbitrary understanding of nature though? I mean, you might call an animal having gay sex a broken animal as well. But animals have no morality so they cannot be naturally aligned towards evil. You can say that the purpose of sex is justified by natural selection as what is truly natural, but then you could say that priests and monks are not natural and therefore evil. Maybe I messed up my reasoning somewhere, but on a related note I don't see how essentialist explications can survive deconstructive practices hence the oral sex thing discussed in this thread.
There is no such thing as gay love, no importance anyway, it's irrelevant here.
things are true because people in robes said soWow, that's just sad
And the sad thing is what people in robes say is true.
Doesn't this come from an arbitrary understanding of nature though? You could say so. The Catholic Church does give some philosophical explication for its stances, but at the end of the day it is a Church and this is its doctrine. The nature of the Church-laity relationship is that the Church sets the doctrine.
Nature isn't only physical, it's equally metaphysical. And gays aren't animals, they have a moral understanding.
I have yet to hear a single thing they say to be anywhere near the truth
is it worth arguing with religious people? we already know they have no evidence, that's why religions adopt the epistemology of faith and revelation which essentially means the suspension of rational inquiry
I have yet to hear a thing they say that isn't true.
If it isn't, then why to religious people argue among themselves?A Christian and a Muslim both have wildly different beliefs, yet they both rely on faith for them to be true.
There is no such thing as gay loveDo you really believe this?
Did you read the rest of the sentence?
dear /lit/the catechism of the catholic church is a very long book, please cliff notes the sex bits for me
Yes
oh no people don't want to read the catechism of the catholic church good job you skewered them so acerbically in this post
/lit/ - Literaturejesus h christ you faggots
Good.
i don't think it's that far from topic. philosophy is often discussed on this board.
Why even say it if it's of no relevance and you're unwilling to discuss it?
what do papist attitudes towards sex have to do with philosophy?
Here both common-sense and empirical research suggest that the optimum condition for children is to be brought up by two parents of the opposite sex who are also their biological parents. Again this is a generalisation, subject to the severe limits of all generalisations: in many particular instances this is clearly untrue and in very many instances what matters is to make the best of what is not the optimum. By just this argument, it is surely the case that children are better-off being adopted by loving gay parents than being left to languish in one of the many unsatisfactory orphanages.However, just as an orphanage does not involve a collective marriage, so also the allowing to gay couples of a child-rearing function does not of itself amount to an argument that they should be treated as "married." For the latter requires traditionally the idea that a sexual union leads to natural procreation.I knew this piece of shit was a fascist masquerading as a socialist all along.
Yes otherwise they might think the literature board isn't for people who want to read a book on the matter, but instead for people who want to read half a wikipedia article and feel smug. I'm glad you noticed how I was saving humanity there; charity's very hard to notice without being puffed up or boastful about it.
it's often talked about so it must be okay xd
The purpose of sex is procreation. Source: Men and women in celibacy.
In this post - faggot
Theology and philosophy were in the past often intertwined. The teachings of the Catholic church are part of an Aristotelian-Thomistic philosophical tradition. Figures like Augustine and Aquinas are very significant in the history of Western philosophy. The Catholic Church's teaching on sex is of interest as the sexual ethic espoused by a Church with over a billion members and surely influences our society's thinking on sexual matters.
I was just glad that you had reading comprehension and a solid understand of the catechism.
More reasonable than the Roman Catholic positionHow many Catholics actually follow that, though?
Nice blog
natureThis is a naked mole rat. It is an eusocial mammal. If a hive has 40 kids but only food to feed 30, 10 will be killed.
I'm pretty sure philosophy is a legitimate subject of discussion on this board. Many philosophers are significant literary figures. Literature doesn't just mean novels and poems.
Very interesting. Thank you for sharing.
Here is what Catholic education taught me:All-girls Catholic school spent like a solid year, 1.5 hour classes called "Moral Theory/Decisions," this was essentially a class that tried to scare you out of sex ingraining in me that marital sex for the purpose of procreation is entirely the most important aspect of life, the second being retaining your virginity to give your life to the church and God. The only moral sex then, that exists, is sex for the purpose of procreation, and diverging from this course in any way pollutes the sanctity and purity of the act. I can't recall why— it's probably something to do with guilt and the nature of pleasure being sin and original sin and what have you.We watched a very, very long video series throughout the semester informing us of the Catholic purpose of sex, etc. I repressed it a lot and this thread just made me remember, but OP if you're interested in learning, I can try to find the title of it. It's really cheesy, though.The more zealous religious teacher A heavily educated woman said that infertile couples were not meant to conceive and in vitro fertilization is not advised within Catholicism. I can't cite any evidence of this being canon, but this is how we were taught. In her teaching, there was a lot of emphasis on the sanctity and preservation of life — anti-capital punishment, anti-abortion, anti-euthanasia, anti-gay marriage for the fact that natural procreation cannot take place, though she had many of the homosexual girls "asked to leave" from of our schoolMy other religion teacher A real Stephen Dedalus character—left seminary, loves the arts seemed to be more liberal about these kinds of things, and presented us with a lot of current Catholic figures, nuns and priests, contrarian to a lot of the practices promoted by the Vatican, advocating for amendments to Catholic doctrine — things that range from homosexuality to gay marriage.
ad populumAlso his thread's link to thomism is tenuous at best and we've had more than our fill of threads devoted to that archaic "philosophy" lately. Why don't you take the religious mumbo jumbo to facebook or reddit?
Could someone please explain to me how homosexuality is any worse than masturbation? and if it's not, then can you not be a priest if you masturbate?Getting sick of the Milbank spamming
All-girls Catholic school spent like a solid year, 1.5 hour classes called "Moral Theory/Decisions," this was essentially a class that tried to scare you out of sex ingraining in me that marital sex for the purpose of procreation is entirely the most important aspect of life, the second being retaining your virginity to give your life to the church and God. Most of this is false, not sure if you are making this up or just didn't listen in class.The only moral sex then, that exists, is sex for the purpose of procreation, and diverging from this course in any way pollutes the sanctity and purity of the act. I can't recall why— it's probably something to do with guilt and the nature of pleasure being sin and original sin and what have you.This is also false. It's contrary to the catechism. The more zealous religious teacher A heavily educated woman said that infertile couples were not meant to conceive and in vitro fertilization is not advised within Catholicism.Again half truths. It is not only not advised, it is strictly forbidden to conceive via in vitro, but taking other forms of fertility treatment is not. I can't cite any evidence of this being canon, but this is how we were taught.All of these were half truths at best. In her teaching, there was a lot of emphasis on the sanctity and preservation of life — anti-capital punishment, anti-abortion, anti-euthanasia, anti-gay marriage for the fact that natural procreation cannot take place, though she had many of the homosexual girls "asked to leave" from of our schoolMost of these are within the doctrine, but asking sinners to leave I find very hard to believe making me think this is some pasta from a liberal website or something.My other religion teacher A real Stephen Dedalus character—left seminary, loves the arts seemed to be more liberal about these kinds of things, and presented us with a lot of current Catholic figures, nuns and priests, contrarian to a lot of the practices promoted by the Vatican, advocating for amendments to Catholic doctrine — things that range from homosexuality to gay marriage.Those are heretics who in time alongside their followers leave the church and it's impossible to defend those stances not only as an educated Catholic but as a Christian in general. And yes, there are bishops, especially in Germany, Austria, now even Ireland who oppose the doctrine itself, but they can't defend their stances.
The link to Thomism isn't tenuous at all. The Catholic teaching on sex is unchanged in many ways from what he wrote in the 13th century. Philosophy is a legit subject on this board. We discuss Stirner, Marx, Nietzsche, Descartes, Evola, Camus, Zizek, Aristotle, Kripke, Rand, et cetera et cetera. Rather than splitting any more hairs, please use the hide feature.
It's worse because it is a greater sin. To read up visit Romans.You can be a sodomite group sex bishop, in fact a large part of the conclave is like that. But that doesn't really change if it is right or wrong since the rules are universal.
Where does Romans say it's worse than masturbation?You can't be a bishop while practicing sodomy, I don't think. They wouldn't let you if it were known.
All right your holiness I hope I didn't interrupt your synod too badly. Let me know if you ever figure out the difference between theology and legitimate human learning ie philosophy.
I would say that a lot of theology isn't all that much more far-fetched than the metaphysics of Berkeley, Schopenhauer, Kant, Descartes, Plato, which are all regarded as central cases of "philosophy". And there can be blurring between philosophy and theology as well, depending on the context.
How can you reconcile this understanding with the idea of ordering yourself around love?How would gay sex be contrary in some manner to ordering yourself towards love?Love is the virtue wherein one is ordered toward the good of the object of love. Hence, one loves oneself when one wills one's own good, and one loves one's neighbour when one wishes one's neighbour's good. Now, there are many specific kinds of love: there is the love of one's country, love of one's family, love of one's friends. Sexual love is a specific kind of love- the love of the other in the sexual, that is, procreative-unitive capacity. Each is ordered toward some good in someone. But the good for each thing is given by its nature- the good is what perfects each thing as what it is. Hence, when one acts so as to pervert one's nature, one fails to love oneself as one should. When one enters unnatural relations with another, one fails to love the other. It is thus possible for people of the same sex to love one another- as friends, relatives, countrymen, and fellow human beings, but insofar as that love is tinged with the sexual, it is an unnatural corruption of sexual love, not sexual love itself, which is possessed. Whatever is genuine love in homosexual relations, is what properly belongs to friendship or companionship. What is distinctly sexual, is not sexual love simpliciter, but a perversion or distortion of that love- an unnatural lust, which, if they loved each other, they would not have.
Can anyone actually prove objectively the purpose of an act? Or of, say, sex?
There where it says that no sodomite shall go into the kingdom of heaven. That's the worst thing that can happen to a person really.Masturbation isn't explicitly mentioned, but Aquinas places it as the smallest sexual sin where things such as necrophilia and zoophilia are the greatest.And not only that you can be a sodomite bishop, many are which is why you see such turmoil within the church. It isn't well known, but if you know the right people it's very clear.
Nobody can prove with absolute certainty that 2+2 is 4.
An act derives its identity from it purpose. Hence, if you commit any act at all, you act for some objective end, i.e., some purpose, whether intentional or functional. Your problem is in thinking acts can be divorced from ends.
But anon that's wrong
Sexual immorality is mentioned. As you saying masturbation doesn't fall under that?
That's what a friend of mine told me as a brilliant mathematician.
I'm saying masturbation by name explicitly isn't mentioned. Not saying it isn't sexual immortality.
Are you suggesting then that Romans is saying sodomy is worse than other forms of sexual immorality?
I think it's clearly in some sense correct. There's always a possibility we're wrong. Maybe something misfired in your brain when you were calculating 2 + 2. Maybe you're actually insane and you've been taken in by profound delusions about arithmetic. It's highly unlikely, but it's not logically impossible.

ethicsevidence
What, no. The truths of faith can always be investigated rationally. It's this thing we call theology. Anyway, it's pretty hypocritical to conclude that we don't have any evidence without good evidence.
Not as rationally as we may like anon.
I was referring to religious belief in general.
My post wasn't accurate. Most religions do regard their beliefs as having at least some rational justification. Most religions are not explicitly 'fideist'.In practice, "faith" means a kind of religious credence insulated from ordinary standards of evidence and rational justification. According to some, faith may include belief with evidence insufficient to convince every rational person. The psychological effect of 'faith' is reliably to reinforce trust and belief in the authority of a given/revealed belief-system, rather than skeptical inquiry which is the basis of every successful pursuit of knowledge.I still maintain that it is folly to argue with religious people. Would you argue with someone who believes the Earth is flat?
sceptical inquiry which is the basis of every successful pursuit of knowledge.I'm not sure that that's easy to demonstrate, from a sceptical inquiry perspective. Why presume our epistemic faculties function properly only insofar as sceptical? If there is a God faith would be an epistemically appropriate way of knowing him, and cooperating with God's self-revelation, surely, in which case, to assume that a neutral, sceptical starting point is always epistemically appropriate is itself to beg the theological question. In other words, the religious person who begins with faith has no reason to believe that sceptical inquiry is the best way to know about religious truths, without begging the question against his own revelation. In any case, dialogue can be fruitful. The religious provide the means by which the sceptic can question his own scepticism- even if the religious ultimately hold themselves aloof from such standards and not all do, the sceptic owes it to himself, as a sceptic, to examine his own ideas in light of the best arguments from the opposing side, when they are offered.
All-girls Catholic School Did you have a cute Oneesama that did lewd things to your lily?
PurposeMake baby and celebrate Gods glorious creationWhy thisLife is a gift from God, not to be wasted and by using a condom or other contraception you are stopping God from giving life. Celebacy is so they aren't distracted from their duties.Should it be done for moral reasons exclusivelyYes, pleasure is just a by-product, making babies is priorityGay marriageIt's wrong because it inherently stops this procreating, infertile or barren couples are just defects of what is normally functional; like a blind persons eyes.Why not IVFGod chooses who lives and who lives, not you and conception outside of marriage is a big no-no.
things are true because I say so
Yes. I am the definitive authorty now, didn't you get the memo?
What is the purpose of sex?Unity and procreationWhy is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Because the only other method of procreation that I know of involves bone marrow.As somebody who has donated bone marrow, I can say humanity would die out or reduced to the tens of thousands.In addition, it's much more complex and would require a radically different physiology that can take bone marrow from others, which would go very wrong.Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?Yes, because He wills it.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?Gay marriage is wrong because it involves sodomy and homolust by its very nature, a gay marriage is a marriage born from sin rather than virtue.Because our absolute God said so, it's objective.
Oh, and IVF is functionally the same as PIV
After reading this thread I'm now interested in what the Episcopal Church teaches differently from the Catholic that allows it to accept gay people and gay marriage. Does anyone know anything or know where I can look?
Church of England master race, it's like the Catholic Church but not shit.
you can call such animal a defective instance of that particular speciesi dont see how you came to the priest being evil thing. Pls explain
id rather say they are naturally ordered to a particular effect
i agree with this anon
Explanation: Homosexuality, in itself, is not wrong. It's perfectly fine to be gay and Catholic. However, you can't be gay and married because marriage has a procreative aspect, which two people of the same sex can't do. In addition, gay sex outside of marriage is wrong simply because any sex outside of marriage is wrong.Gay marriage, gay sex, and masturbation are all basically equal sins. You can go to confession and be absolved of any of them, just like normal sins like punching someone. Basically, homosexuality is no problem. Homosexual sex is, but it's not worse than masturbation. And you can be absolved of both those sins by a priest.
Unfortunate that it won't be around in another 20 years. It's not really like the Catholic Church at all besides appearence considering that it's wishy-washyness incarnate.
marriage has a procreative aspectSpoken like an easily-duped Catholic.You can go to confession and be absolved of any of themSure. Now, I can never remember, is it 10 Hail Marys and 5 Our Fathers if you blow a guy, but 10 Hail Marys and 10 Our Fathers if it's your uncle, or is it the other way around because the sperm is kept within the family?
lies.homosexuality isn't a sin, identifying yourself as a homosexual who is in essence a sexual being like some sort of depraved animal is a much more graver a sin than simply masturbating to a cactus.this is because masturbation can be temporary, being such a sex addict that you have to have sex to live and thus be gay. Being gay means you are nothing less than a deprived animal and what heaven would be a heaven if all of its inhabitants did nothing but let their sexual urges get the better of them?also all of you morons who keep argueing about gay rights keep thinking that your sexual preferences define who you are as a person and i find that quite retarded.
masturbation and homosexuality are practically equal, they both go contrary to the procreative and unitive aspect of the sex act unitive as in uniting man and woman
I've always wondered, but never really had a dinosaur around to ask: what do the every-sperm-is-sacred stone age thinkers think about nocturnal emissions?
ctrl+fseewald0 resultsGet good /lit/ we're going through Popes like that Avignon disaster and you're not even caught up to the current millennium masturbation everywhereY'all are looking for the 12th C. bull on ipsation as a starting point.
theyre not intentional/the end/
Are you saying God actually cares about a mens rea w/r/t the spilling of seed? Is one not culpable for one's own erotic dreams, yet they are culpable for looking on a woman in lust? Have you even thought about any of this?
Is one not culpable for one's own erotic dreams, yet they are culpable for looking on a woman in lust?No
Matthew 527"You have heard that it was said, 'YOU SHALL NOT COMMIT ADULTERY'; 28 but I say to you that everyone who looks at a woman with lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart. Can we try just a little bit to reconcile your thoughts on the matter?, or is this just going to be a "the church sez, so..." session with you?
God made man and woman. Eve ate the appleHer punishment was to suffer childbirth.Why did God make two separate sexes if childbirth wasn't in the pre-talking-snake plan? Surely two guys, Adam and Dave, would have been fine. Or did God change the biology of the female body so as to make it painful? If so, then are modern woman physically different to Eve?
if you think that means finding a woman attractive, then youve misunderstood the whole timebut i agree that indulging in sinful thoughts about others is bad
Man was created in God's image. Woman was created to complement Man.
1. Identifying as gay doesn't turn you into a gay person. It is just an acknowledgment of a part of your being, just like how I would say I am brown-haired, white, and tall.2. Gay rights are so politicized nowadays that you shouldn't be surprised that we think of our sexual minority status as an important part of our identities. That doesn't mean that sex is a foremost priority for people who identify as gay.3. Try to empathize with the state of a modern gay person. Modern society in general makes such a big deal out of sex that it's only natural for the average person to consider sex to be an important goal. And don't forget that it's a biological imperative as well. If you are gay and you are told that it is illegal to get married, or that it is sinful for you to act on your social and biological imperatives, then the idea of having sex suddenly becomes a lot more important to you. Straight people can largely take sex for granted and don't need to worry about it as much; no matter how bad their luck may be with women, they always have a chance to get some, even if their religious beliefs demand that they exercise moderation.I've always thought that the Catholic position on homosexuality was a reasonable derivation of scripture, but your attitude toward gays is wholly un-Catholic
We're talking about God's views in relation to the mens rea of having erotic dreams.Keep up, will you? This is a literature board. You guys are supposed to be readers. If you are not a reader, at least act like it.
i dont see how what you posted has any mention to dreams
What is the purpose of sex?Procreation. It's the power in man's nature that allows him to fulfil the first commandment God gave to man: And God blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it, and rule over the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the air, and all living creatures that move upon the earth. Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?What else could the purpose of sex be? The greatest potential that the sex act can fulfil is the creation of new life; the pleasure associated with the act is accidental to the act, not its essence. It is conceivable to have sex without pleasure, but sex without the potential for life is not even sex properly speaking, it is what is called sodomy sodomy does not just refer to anal penetration, it includes all uses of the sexual organs that are not sexual, i.e. not having the potential for conception of new life.Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral?YesWhy?1. Because God decrees it.2. Because it's the nature of sex, and all things ought to fulfil their nature.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?There is no reason to have sex if a couple physically cannot have children, but it should not be presumed that a couple absolutely CANNOT have children. God is in charge of the womb. There are various instances in scripture when a lady who was not able to conceive was given the ability to conceive by God after her praying for it. If a married couple who do not, according to science, have the ability to conceive, nevertheless pray to God for their sex act to be effectual, then they have not committed a sin because they have still directed the act towards its proper end its telos.
Sexual love. I wouldn't call the kind of love I, and many others considered to be archetypal lovers, have "sexual love."I would gladly die for my beloved never having had, and of course never to have, sex with her. In addition, when I think of her; I don't sexualise her at all, and I'm not even really interested in sex; I never fantasise about it like I fantasise about simply being with her. I'm not sure what it is I want from her, perhaps it is to be loved in return, perhaps it is nothing.But to label it sexual love isn't even reductionistic, it's just wrong.Now here's my rebuttal to you're idea of sex: I would lay a premise that love is a good. I would also lay a premise that when one does "a good action" they are expressing their love for God, since a defining characteristic of a good christian is loving God; I think that makes sense.Now, if we believe that expressing love for God not only is good, but is The Good, then it seems likely that expression of love is a good in general.So, if I have sex with a woman in order to express my love in physical terms rather than for hedonistic pleasure my action is good.And I would say this is more compelling even, than for procreation, as doing is this, as you like to say: "the right order of things."For, human beings are not made to procreate. We are made to do good and love especially God and physically through action I mean express our love.
Sorry, only Sexual loveis supposed to be greentextedand you're should be yourand christian should be Christian
Dreams are unintentional, therefore they cannot be sins. Meanwhile, your own thoughts while awake ARE intentional, with very few exceptions.You can't control what you dream about unless there's some lucid dreaming stuff in there, but you can control what you think about. Other anon is also correct in that "looking on a woman in lust" is different than simply finding someone attractive.
Retards like you are the reason there's so much opposition to the Catholic Church nowadays. Go learn what it actually teaches, mouthbreather. Being gay is a state of being, and states of being can never be sins. However, if one is gay and acts upon that, seeking homosexual relations, then it is a sin. It's fine for people to be gay as long as they don't have gay sex.Try studying some catechism and theology next time before posting.
I would gladly die for my beloved never having had, and of course never to have, sex with her. In addition, when I think of her; I don't sexualise her at all, and I'm not even really interested in sex; I never fantasise about it like I fantasise about simply being with her. I'm not sure what it is I want from her, perhaps it is to be loved in return, perhaps it is nothing.But to label it sexual love isn't even reductionistic, it's just wrong.I'm not the guy you are replying to, but this kind of love you have is indeed not sexual love. It is what is called romantic love, or spousal or conjugal love, or sometimes courtly love. It's the love that Adam had when he saw Eve for the first time and said: "And Adam said: This now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man."Now, you CAN have sexual love for you beloved, but that is a distinct kind of love. Sexual love is the appetite of the sexual organs, the conjugal love that you have for her is an appetite that resides more in the spiritual part of the soul. It's like a half way between divine love and sexual love, mid way between heaven and earth.I too experience a kind of lack of interest in sex with a woman I admire. In fact, I can't think sexual thoughts with a woman that I am in love with in the same way that I can with a woman I am not.So, if I have sex with a woman in order to express my love in physical terms rather than for hedonistic pleasure my action is good.This is confused thinking on your part, when you say "in order to express my love in physical terms". The kind of love that is expressed "in physical terms" is sexual love. Romantic love is not expressed physically, or, not explicitly physically. I said that this kind of love is between heaven and earth, neither fully spiritual nor fully bodily. It can be expressed by spiritual gestures and it can be expressed by physical gestures, but only accidentally and not essentially. The only act which essentially expresses this kind of love is the sacrament of marriage and the procreative act sex. But this procreative act on this term is not understood in its physical terms hedonistic, but purely for its end towards procreation. Let me explain. When someone has sex purely for pleasure and out of physical love, the intentions of the person is not directed towards procreation, but towards the pleasure they are experiencing. However, when you have sex out of this conjugal love, your love for the person is so intense that you are practically abstracted from the physical pleasure of the act and lost more in the contemplation of the person you love, and in your feeling of oneness with them. This love, in fact, is the love PROPER to sex. The purely physical love, sex, I would, on second thought, say is not even the proper appetite for sex but is rather AT BEST a lubrication made to make sex easier, and at worst an unnatural perversion.
It's impossible for one to be a sodomite as a state of being. The term "homosexual" is problematic in itself. No person is ontologically a "homosexual". The words, "I am a homosexual", is contrary to the truth, because noone can BE "homosexual", everyone is by nature made by God as a "heterosexual". "Homosexuality" is just a vicious habit where the will becomes conditioned to a perverse use of the sexual feeling. It's possible to break out of this habit just like any other habit. To say that someone is by nature conditioned to be vicious is to fall in to a kind of Lutheran picture of nature, seeing man as being in a state of "total depravity".
No person is ontologically a "homosexual"cool declarationeveryone is by nature made by God as a "heterosexual". Interesting declarative statement"Homosexuality" is just a vicious habit where the will becomes conditioned to a perverse use of the sexual feeling.You said it, so it must be true
My reason for believing this is the truth that God made man essentially good. Though original sin weakens man so as to make his falling into evil more likely, it does not make him essentially evil. If God made a man a sodomite by nature that would mean that God had implanted evil directly into his nature, which is impossible because God is not the author of evil. This is a truth of theology that I am not going to try and explain.
everyone is by nature made by God as a "heterosexual".This is so out of touch with reality I'm starting to think some of you honestly never leave the house and/or live in Kansas somewhere.
this has to be b8the Catholic Church has already accepted that people are born gay and cannot change it
There is a concept in philosophy called "second nature". Our nature is made up of what we essentially are, in body and soul. Our second nature is made up of all our habits. Now, it's possible for someone to be a "homosexual" in their second nature, i.e. by their habits, but it is not possible for someone to be "homosexual" in their first nature. So someone can habitually have the desires that are "homosexual", but this is an ACQUIRED habit - that's the essential part, that it's acquired and not innate. It's not innate in me to post on 4chan - that is an acquired habit. It is innate in me to see the light of the computer screen. It's not innate in me to be able to read the letters on the screen - that's an acquired habit.
The scriptural statement of this is:Wherefore God gave them up in the lusts of their hearts unto uncleanness, that their bodies should be dishonoured among themselves: for that they exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshipped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.For this cause God gave them up unto vile passions: for their women changed the natural use into that which is against nature: and likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another, men with men working unseemliness, and receiving in themselves that recompense of their error which was due."God gave them up", "they exchanged the truth", "men, leaving the natural use of the woman . . ."; i.e. this is all an act that occurs AFTER the creation of the man. It's an intentional act which becomes a habit, not something innate. The whole idea of sodomy being something innate is extremely modern. The word "homosexual" is extremely modern. Not even the ancient Greeks thought sodomy was natural, at least neither Plato nor Aristotle thought it was natural.
Yes, you are.
you are forgetting that there might be defective instances of a kind, which arent intended by the personotherwise, you would be saying that being blind is an acquired habit, which is absurd
I'm not Catholic, but isn't:correct? Catholicism defines "sex" as literally cumming in a girl for lack of more sophisticated terms to procreate, and everything else is masturbation and therefore wrong?
What is the purpose of sex?Procreative unityWrong.Sex is by definition a kind of procreative unity.Wrong.This definition corresponds to a real part of human natureWrong.because human beings are divided into two sexesOnly most of the time, and many genders.Fulfilling this functionality properly means marriageWrong.while all other kinds of unnatural acts from fornication to sodomy are distortions of it. Wrong.No. But the will must not intend something contrary or perverting of the purpose.Wrong.This is because moral actions concern the right order of the willWrong.and the right order of the will in the sexual respect is to fulfil its functionWrong. i.e., to bring sexual partners together in a procreatively-complementary union.Wrong.insofar as the will intends what excludes the fulfilment of the sexual faculties, he wills evil, and thus does evil.Wrong.Marriage is a kind of union, specifically, a procreative one.Wrong.Homosexual unions, on the other hand, qua homosexual, are intrinsically incapable of procreative unity, hence are not kinds of marriagewhich just is the normative fulfilment of the sexual faculty.Wrong.99% of your entire post is pure sophistry and not even skilled sophistry, with no reasons to accept any of it. You started with a conclusion and worked towards an argument.
Then I would say that "asexuality" is the "defective instance", but "homosexuality" is a disordering of an instance that is not defective.Blindness might be an acquired habit though. I don't think that a man is by nature blind. Even those "born blind" were born with the essential DNA that would give rise to visual organs, it's just that something went wrong in their growth that impaired them. I answer that, One thing can be natural to another in two ways. First in respect of the specific nature, as the faculty of laughing is natural to man, and it is natural to fire to have an upward tendency. Secondly, in respect of the individual nature, as it is natural to Socrates or Plato to be prone to sickness or inclined to health, in accordance with their respective temperaments. Again, in respect of both natures, something may be called natural in two ways: first, because it entirely is from the nature; secondly, because it is partly from nature, and partly from an extrinsic principle. For instance, when a man is healed by himself, his health is entirely from nature; but when a man is healed by means of medicine, health is partly from nature, partly from an extrinsic principle.Thus, then, if we speak of habit as a disposition of the subject in relation to form or nature, it may be natural in either of the foregoing ways. For there is a certain natural disposition demanded by the human species, so that no man can be without it. And this disposition is natural in respect of the specific nature. But since such a disposition has a certain latitude, it happens that different grades of this disposition are becoming to different men in respect of the individual nature. And this disposition may be either entirely from nature, or partly from nature, and partly from an extrinsic principle, as we have said of those who are healed by means of art.
are we supposed to believe your assertions or something?
This is the most embarrassing abuse of Aristotle I've ever read on /lit/, holy shit.Being gay means you are sexually attracted to the same sex. It doesn't mean you have gay sex. It is a physiological and psychological attribute that you cannot change. According to your third-rate ontology, being gay should count as "first nature," but that's not even worth discussing because even if Aristotle's ontology were worth using today, you're not using it remotely correctly.Being gay does not mean you have gay sex. If you control your urge to have gay sex, you're still gay. This is what Catholicism and pretty much any other rigorous Christian doctrine teaches. If the same doctrine teaches that gay sex is sinful, that simply means that gay people have an unchangeable, sinful urge that they need to control. But they are still gay.fucking summer /lit/
i am not arguing that it is natural, it is unnaturalit's just that something went wrong in their growth that impaired them. i dont see how this cant be the case with "homosexuality"
Embarrassing.
The way you contradict is very convincing. No need to elaborate here.
If the same doctrine teaches that gay sex is sinful, that simply means that gay people have an unchangeable, sinful urge that they need to control.Which is exactly why it is impossible to accept Catholicism and pretty much any other rigorous Christian, since it is effectively impossible for a thing to control an unchangeable inherent quality it possesses. Either God makes mistakes, or God intentionally creates souls for the purpose of them being beyond his Grace. This is unacceptable.
The way you contradict is very convincing.It is, yes, when all you did was create ad hoc definitions and snowball them. At least the contradiction doesn't try and introduce self-generated "knowledge".
Being gay means you are sexually attracted to the same sex.Yes, and I'm saying that this attraction itself is an acquired habit, and not something that arises out of nature.
that is a false dichotomy, it could be that they are homosexual because of the intervention of a secondary cause
You don't choose to be heterosexual, kid.
secondary causeThat's literally heresy.
Just because something forms over time, doesn't mean you choose it with your conscious. We all have preferences on many things we can't choose, that doesn't make these preferences innate.
We all have preferences on many things we can't choose, that doesn't make these preferences innate.How is "a preference that can't be chosen" not innate?
Our existence preceded it
So you can choose to not be heterosexual or homosexual?
Explain
No anymore than you can choose to like broccoli or video games or beer if you don't like them, or choose not to like coffee or peanut butter if you like them.
If something is an acquired habit then it can be unlearned. It has been effectively proven that you cannot unlearn gay attraction.Calling something a "habit" also implies that there is agency, that there is an act which is performed. Sexual attraction is not something that you "do". You can develop a contrary habit of repressing your natural sexual attraction, but that doesn't eliminate the sexual attraction. On the other hand, having gay sex can be considered a habit.
You're comparing completely unlike things.
You can develop a contrary habit of repressing your natural sexual attraction, but that doesn't eliminate the sexual attraction.this is just modern psychological dogmaif you are gay, that is part of your ontological being, and not a habitif you have no sexual desire, that is an acquired habit of repression"pure ideology"
If something is an acquired habit then it can be unlearned.I don't know about that, do you think you can unlearn your primary language?
Only in intensity.
Are you not aware that there have been billions of indigenous persons around the globe that were subject to the education systems of imperialist powers and were made to do exactly that?
I guess I never really thought about any of this before. Boy, did my religious upbringing really make me blind.Thanks for expanding my worldview.
No, they weren't. They just stopped passing the language on.
No.
Sure
Dreams are unintentional, therefore they cannot be sins.I don't know about that, they probably think unintentional behavior can be a sin.Meanwhile, your own thoughts while awake ARE intentional, with very few exceptions.What? Thoughts aren't intentional. You see a pretty girl walk by, BAM sinner.The way i see it this is all part of the package of trying to make everyone feel like they have done something wrong, driving them to seek forgiveness from god, something that is at the core of christianity: you can never be completely "clean" without jesus.
No, they were put into years of abusive reeducation programs that have made most of their languages extinct or moribund. One of the big issues in modern linguistics is the complement and hopeful revitalization of such extinct languages. It's like you don't know what you're talking about.
They made their languages extinct because they stopped using them, not because they "unlearned" them.A program intense, abusive and prolonged enough would have a similar effect upon gay people.
hopeful revitalization of such extinct languagesWhat a waste of resources when they have so many more serious problems.Speaking a language they didn't invent doesn't make them worse off.
ignoring the rest of the postignoring the other anon me
that's a horrible analogy. knowledge is not habit. I might not be able to unlearn my knowledge of the language, but I can unlearn the habit of speaking the language.once your gay sexual attraction is set whether it's from birth or from a confluence of biological and psychological factors it can't be unlearnedanyway the origin of this discussion was the ontology of gay, and this underage dilettante using Aristotle in the most malicious and arbitrary way possible. Physiological responses are not habits. Even if they were, we have found that there is a genetic correlation with gayness, so it would certainly not be an "acquired" habit.AND EVEN IF you people were to abuse language hard enough to argue that being gay is an acquired habit, the Catholic Church with their far more rigorous Aristotelian exposition of scripture still disagrees with you, so what the fuck
"stopped using them"Right, Indians completely freely chose to simply not speak their languages anymore. Kill yourself.
Did you even think about what you wrote? How is the preservation and revitalization of languages not at the very top of list of priorities for people whose careers are the study of languages?
Sexual orientation is not a habit.I'm not sure if you understanding how abuse and drilling work. I seriously doubt they erased their memories.
i think that it is because he thinks that things can it can only be natural as in, according to our essence or an acquired habit, he never considers a third option
Do you think they were ever forbidden from speaking their language?No, they just started using the conqueror's language because it was more convenient, you kill yourself.
He means reeducation camps to "civilize" natives. I doubt most Indians went through those, though.
But they can't help being gay, I think. How can you punish someone for something they can't help doing?
Sexual orientation is not a habit.That is exactly what I'm arguing
It's important for someone who studies languages because it's a way for them to get paid, but it's not actually important for a society with extinct languages.At most it is good for historical purposes, but trying to make them used again is utterly pointless.
they cant help being gay, but they can abstain from doing gay thingsHow can you punish someone for something they can't help doing?for the reason that said activity is wrong
does God have a dick? if so, why? if not, is it just smooth?
does God have a dick?Why wouldn't he?
I'm not a Roman Catholic, I'm an Anglo-Catholic, so my Church doesn't really dislike gayness. But coming from a Christian point of view and I'm more orthodox on homosexuality than most Anglo-Catholics, but less than the Church of Rome, we all can't help sinning, either. We have a sinful nature. To say, "Well then, you can't call sin 'bad'" is not how Christianity works.
We have a sinful nature.i disagree, our nature is not sinful at all
Which denomination are you?
Nobody to have sex with.
Catholic
Why did God make them gay to begin with?
You're a Roman I presume Catholic, and you reject the doctrine of original sin?
I have a dick and don't have anyone to have sex with either, so what?
There are psychologies which incline one to be a lot more sinful than homosexuality does, and homosexuality really isn't anymore sinful than having sex with a condom on is.
no, why would you assume that?that we are deprived divine assistance "help" our nature doesnt mean that our nature has turned evil, it is still good, because it was made by God
Ok Catholic bros question incomingI'm a nominal Catholic and I like reading Catholic theology from time to time.I'm wondering why the sex act has only ONE purpose. Is God averse to humans experiencing pleasure? Surely God made the pleasures of the world to make it a somewhat happy place. If food is only meant for nutrition, why did he make it taste good? Is it wrong to eat any food when you aren't hungry just cause I like the taste? Should I count up my calories and make sure I'm never eating any food for pleasure since, after all, the purpose of food is to keep me alive! The case seems the same with sex. Obviously the function of sex is to reproduce. But God gave us the gift of highly pleasurable sex even though he surely knew we don't want to and probably shouldn't  reproduce all the time. I see no difference in enjoying a few donuts and having some protected sex. What's the Catholic counter argument to this?
Well I obviously don't mean the nature of the soul, I'm talking about Galatians 5:17
Keep in mind that food is not a person, it is a thing you pulverize and digest. There is no such thing as "fidelity to food", etc.
food tastes good to encourage us to eat.sex feels good for the same reasonIs it wrong to eat any food when you aren't hungry just cause I like the taste?if it could have any negative effects to your health it would be wrong it could increase your cholesterol, or make you fatShould I count up my calories and make sure I'm never eating any food for pleasureNo
You see a pretty girl walk by, BAM sinner.LITERALLY the opposite of what the other anon and I said. Scenario A: You see a pretty girl walk by. You deem her attractive, and you may even become erect. Both of these are involuntary actions, they are simple instincts derived from an innate desire to reproduce. You can't control your feelings of arousal, but you can control yourself from acting on them, as in:Scenario B: You see a pretty girl walk by, and you become aroused. However, instead of stopping there, you begin to imagine committing sexual acts with this girl. This is NOT involuntary, and you CAN stop yourself from thinking these things. Therefore, if you don't stop yourself, then it's a sin. Not as bad as ACTUALLY committing sexual acts with her, but a sin nonetheless.Your response, however, isn't entirely wrong. At some point in their life, everyone has done something wrong. Even major things, such as injuring another person physically or emotionally. The more major sins are mortal sins, and without having been forgiven for these, you can't get into heaven. It's good to feel bad about doing bad things, otherwise the world would be much worse off. That's the point of ethics.
you begin to imagine committing sexual acts with this girl. This is NOT involuntaryHm, i guess you're right.I still don't see anything wrong with it though, you're not affecting anyone else with your thoughts.
still, we dont have a sinful nature
The sex act doesn't have only one purpose; it has two purposes, procreation and unity. God is absolutely not averse to experiencing pleasure: look up Genesis 2,16. Many people are really obsessed about the Original sin, i.e. the result of a great prohibition, but they always ignore that while God forbids man to eat from the tree of knowledge, he also allows him to enjoy the rest. All the rest. Including sex.Sex is pleasurable, yes, and that's the reason why it's not only procreative, but also unitive.
You're affecting yourself.
why would something be wrong only if it affects negatively someone else?
It's because the act of the will is completely interior, so your intention of an action is the only thing that really matters. If you work towards and complete an action in your mind, it's as good as done. That means there should also be some good loopholes there, so don't despair. It's not as rigid as it seems at first. Glad I could help, though!
Abstinence
If you work towards and complete an action in your mindStop posting forever then because i killed you in my mind.
What is the purpose of sex?Procreation between a loving married couple. Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Because its sinful to sleep with someone for purely enjoyment because its shameful. Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?Yes. Because its sinful and shameful to do otherwise. If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?There is no "physically cannot", they can try and pray to god for a miracle. Nothing is impossible with him.
Is it alright that I use loopholes to get out of sin. For example "you shall not lie with a male as with a woman it is an abomination"Can I bend it around so we can have intercourse standing or doggy? Technically Im not going against gods words so I don't see what is wrong.
I have another question. Am I allowed to telepathically suspend the ethical my entire life so I can lead a horrible life that inspires Christians to shun that way and live a more virtuous way than I do? Its an end justifies the means kind of deal where I know I am not sincerely doing these sins but am doing them to better other Christians.
I guess you lack reading comprehension on top of being a faggot
Why is the unitive aspect strictly confined to marriage? What if I feel a strong bond to a woman at a club and want to be close to her for the night but due to life circumstances know I can't be with her forever? I guess my general thrust is that just because something has several definite functions does not mean we can't also enjoy that thing without any purpose from time to time. Singing and dancing are purposeless, aesthetic pleasures, but they aren't sinful. Why can't recreational sex be the same.
Not even that guy but, uh, Pretty sure he's right about the catholic stance on those things. I mean, you know he's not just offering his opinion? It's in relation to the catholic understanding of sex and OP's question.
And you can be absolved of both those sins by a priest.Assuming you try not to do them again
the Catholic Church has already accepted that people are born gay and cannot change itIt hasn't and they can and often do change it
End is different than result. You may have intended to kill me, and your intention is what matters with regards to your soul, but the result is that I'm still alive because you can't kill people over the internet.This is the reason that the statement "The road to Hell is paved with good intentions" is wrong, good intentions can't send you to hell.
I am the guy you're replying to. I never fantasise about it like I fantasise about simply being with her. I'm not sure what it is I want from her, perhaps it is to be loved in return, perhaps it is nothing.Great. This kind of transcendental love is best not tinged with sex at all. It is the "no greater" love of which Christ spoke, that a man would die for his friends. It doesn't lead to unnatural sexual acts, is not oriented to such acts, and moreover consists purely in an aesthetic admiration and desire of the other's company, the enjoyment of their humanity. It's purely admirable. It can exist between friends, family members, or lovers, and is kin to the love of God. It is a great shame that our culture wrongly confuses this with the love a husband bears for his wife.I would lay a premise that love is a good. I would also lay a premise that when one does "a good action" they are expressing their love for God.Nothing wrong here.Now, if we believe that expressing love for God not only is good, but is The Good, then it seems likely that expression of love is a good in general.Correct, comports exactly with what I meant.So, if I have sex with a woman in order to express my love in physical terms rather than for hedonistic pleasure my action is good.If you were a man, having sex with a woman your wife partially for hedonistic pleasure is perfectly acceptable- indeed, it would be a bit unnatural if one did not take pleasure in intercourse with one's wife though more in the nature of an involuntary defect than a voluntary one, I would think. On the other hand, if one is of the same sex as one's beloved, whatever is distinctly sexual in the "physical expression of one's love" one is not talking about friendly pats on the back or hugs here- whatever perverse means of satisfying the sexual appetite are used to "physically express" one's love, is disordered and evil. To protest that this is being done for the sake of "love" is vacuous: Everyone acts for the love of something. Indeed, your love of your beloved, insofar as it involves such unnatural acts, is marred by a hatred for the right order of your beloved's body, of a concern for her chastity- that is, orientation toward the good in the sexual respect. Your alienation from your and her procreative capacity is an obvious manifestation of this Gnostic contempt for the physical right order. Your righteous love of the other is being used as a mask for evil, and that cannot and ought not stand.It is wrong to oppose the love of God and the love of the right order of the body. One loves God partly by loving his creation, especially his image, Man. Procreative unity is not the sum total of human purpose, but it is an important aspect of that purpose, as an aspect of the body, which is an aspect of men. The love of God is not opposed to, but entails, all other virtues, including chastity. Any "action" that runs contrary to this virtue, is opposed to the love of God.
What is the purpose of sex?To make more people.Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Because sex for pleasure is lust, much of the time. Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?If the two that are having sex are married under the Catholic church, then it should be fine. Condoms and birth control are technically against the teachings of the modern church, but it isn't fornication. It's a pick your sin thing I guess, but recreational sex between a married couple isn't wrong.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?I believed gay marriage was wrong because marriage was a sort of bond making a male and female into one again, similar to adam and eve. Things against homosexuality aren't too outspoken in the bible, but gay sex is an obvious sin, with Moses speaking out against it, and crossdressing is considered an abomination as well. Also, gay sex is fonication, so it is inherently sinful.But look it up yourself. 4chan isn't the best source, and neither am I.
They're not ad hoc, they're grounded in human nature, albeit presented in summary form because I don't have the inclination to write a textbook on sexual morality. Your flippant contradictions are, I am almost certain, founded in misunderstandings.
Blessed be His Holy Name
human beings are divided into two sexesOnly most of the time, and many genders.Kekkington
hermaphrodites don't existgays don't existshitposting outside of /b/
Why do women have clits if sex is only meant to be procreational? Why do people develop into sexual maturity and develop sexual desire before they're mentally, physically, and economically able to run a family household if sex is only meant to be procreational? How is gay sex unnatural if it occurs in nature all the time? How is sex between two men or two women in a committed monogamous marriage wrong but sex between a infertile/old man and woman in a committed monogamous marriage not wrong? Why should anyone accept anything as true from an ancient cult developed at a time when they couldn't possibly understand natural science as well as we do and rests on claims that are either unprovable and impossible like a man being born from an unfertilized egg, or being executed and rising from the grave or proven completely untrue the entire Exodus myth? Do Christians have to rain on other peoples' happiness because deep down they understand they have no foundations for their beliefs?
I dunno why the heathens think these kinds of arguments hold water, but whatever, lightning round.Why do women have clits if sex is only meant to be procreationalNo one says that sex is meant to exclude pleasure. But what makes sex, sex, is its procreative aspect. Hence ignoring that aspect is to pervert the sexual function. hy do people develop into sexual maturity and develop sexual desire before they're mentally, physically, and economically able to run a family household if sex is only meant to be procreationalHaving a faculty of a certain nature doesn't mean that the faculty should come into being ex nihilo in an instant without time for maturity. Biology in general doesn't tend to work like that.How is sex between two men or two women in a committed monogamous marriage wrong but sex between a infertile/old man and woman in a committed monogamous marriage not wrong?Because the latter engage in a unity which is of the correct type to constitute a fulfilment of their sexual desire, even if factors extraneous to the union e.g., age, disease, injury, deformation, etc prevent that union from producing offspring.Why should anyone accept anything as true from an ancient cult developed at a time when they couldn't possibly understand natural science as well as we do and rests on claims that are either unprovable and impossible like a man being born from an unfertilized egg, or being executed and rising from the grave or proven completely untrue the entire Exodus myth?Because the fundamental insight is sound- you don't need to be a modern scientist to know that humans produce offspring, and have faculties to produce them rooted in the complementary nature of men and women.Do Christians have to rain on other peoples' happiness because deep down they understand they have no foundations for their beliefs?Christians encourage people toward true happiness, not the irrational counterfeits of the modern barbarian.
No one says that sex is meant to exclude pleasure.If sex is ONLY MEANT for procreative purposes then its pleasure-granting quality is highly suspect. In reality, sex is not ONLY for procreation but for the psychological and physical health and bond between persons. This problem doesn't just concern homosexuals, it concerns sex between monogamous heterosexual married persons. As it turns out, not everyone wants babies, or at least not everyone wants more than a set amount of babies, and it's actually better for everyone that the amount of babies made is controlled to 1-2 per person. Having a faculty of a certain nature doesn't mean that the faculty should come into being ex nihilo in an instant without time for maturity.God mad a mistake, then. Because the latter engage in a unity which is of the correct type to constitute a fulfilment of their sexual desireIn the real world, people, including married, monogamous, heterosexual couples, don't always have sex to procreate. In fact, very rarely do they have sex to procreate. The fulfillment of sexual desire is sex. It is absolutely insane that people should only have sex once or twice in their lives or have sex expecting to have babies every single time. Because the fundamental insight is soundYour fundamental insight being unnecessarily limited and rigged to make anyone that doesn't follow your prejudice sophistry as worthy of being stoned to death.Christians encourage people toward true happinessClearly not.
It's easy Opie.1. Straight sex is bad.2. Unless you're married and trying to have kids3. Homosex is even worse.4. Unless you're a priest trying to get some boipussi.
No one argues that sex involves procreative purposes alone, as if one can isolate procreation from other things in complex systems like human beings, with complex cultural dimensions. What I am arguing is that the unity of procreatively-complementary individuals is the *distinctive* purpose of sex, which pleasure, socialisation, love and all the rest help perfect. The consequence of procreation being distinctive, however, is that sexual acts performed in such a way as to frustrate the procreative aspect of the union are disordered, as sex acts.While it is true that sex also confers social, psychological, and physiological advantages, none of these are what make sex, sex. Hence it cannot be said that the mere achievement of such benefits makes an act rightly-ordered, as a sex act, if these are achieved to the exclusion of the procreative end. Now it may be that we are picking out different actions when we talk about sex. The same gesture, considered as a matter of geometry, can be fulfilling different functions and operating toward different ends at the same time, after all. I am talking about the procreative faculty, and the fulfilment and perversion thereof. You seem to be talking about pleasurable touching. In that case, we are talking about two different actions though they may physically coincide, and you should understand my position as that some forms of pleasurable touching what you call 'sex' involve perversions of the procreative faculty, and hence are immoral. Whether people happen to want babies, for whatever reason, says nothing about the proper end of their sexual faculties.God mad a mistake, then.Seems pretty implausible.In the real world, people, including married, monogamous, heterosexual couples, don't always have sex to procreate. In fact, very rarely do they have sex to procreate. The fulfillment of sexual desire is sex. It is absolutely insane that people should only have sex once or twice in their lives or have sex expecting to have babies every single time. The Catholics would tell you to choose your days carefully, if you are fecund and of course, not all are fecund. They seem to make it work well enough, even those who take the teaching seriously. That said, though I personally subscribe to most of the Catholic sexual philosophy, I am not a Catholic and so feel free to disagree with them on this point- I think within marriage contraception can be ok, since as the perfection of sex the marriage is itself a continuing sex act, with individual acts of coitus being mere parts of that act, which can be regulated not as destroying the procreative orientation of marriage, but in ensuring that that orientation achieves its optimum expression.
Your fundamental insight being unnecessarily limited and rigged Your understanding is being limited by inordinate desire to act irrationally. It is the Christian who will not settle for distorted perversions of sex, but pursues the genuine article, whose appreciation of sex is not limited by ignorance.
No one argues that sex involves procreative purposes aloneThe Catholic Church argues that is exactly the only possible reason for sex. Why else do they say all their members, including monogamous married heterosexual couples with children, sin when they use contraceptives? They are, of course, wrong. Sex doesn't have to be about making babies, most times it isn't, and it never was.Seems pretty implausible.Well, we are talking about a guy that gives children cancer.The Catholics would tell you to choose your days carefully, if you are fecund and of course, not all are fecund.Then they are sinners, according to their administrative body, since they are intentionally having sex and not trying to conceive from that sex. But of course they're trying to have sex without conceiving- sex is wonderful, it fosters happy unions, and having kids when you don't really want them for whatever reason is insane and beyond irresponsible. The Christian creates the perversion in their mind. There is no perversion "out there", it's only inside you. The height of irrationality is saying it's irrational to criticize your terrorizing people because they're not following your ridiculous rule-book.
Catholicism is too hard for most people so a Catholic must make more Catholics, not with theology, but with his dick.
The Catholic Church argues that is exactly the only possible reason for sex.it says that you cant divorce the procreative and the unitive function without being inmoralThen they are sinners, according to their administrative body, since they are intentionally having sex and not trying to conceive from that sex.the act would be legitimate, since it is ordered toward what it is naturally directed to of course one must take the intentions/situation of the participants to see if it really is okThe Christian creates the perversion in their mind. There is no perversion "out there", it's only inside you. The height of irrationality is saying it's irrational to criticize your terrorizing people because they're not following your ridiculous rule-book.Oh please, even Plato and Aristotle considered homosexual acts as shameful and believed sex is ok only inside of marriage, youre being ridiculous.If you really want to bond that hard with someone, have a drink with them, instead of trying to get in their panties.As the other anon said who is mistaken about contraception, fyiYour understanding is being limited by inordinate desire to act irrationally. It is the Christian who will not settle for distorted perversions of sex, but pursues the genuine article, whose appreciation of sex is not limited by ignorance.
it says that you cant divorce the procreative and the unitive function without being inmoralRight, they think procreation is the only possible reason for sex. But it isn't.the act would be legitimateEverything you've just said up to this point means it can't possibly be. Intentionally having sex on a safe day so as to avoid pregnancy can't possibly be "ordered toward" anything but sex for the non-procreative reasons for sex that the Church condemns as worthy of eternal damnation. Oh please, even Plato and Aristotle considered homosexual acts as shameful and believed sex is ok only inside of marriage1 No one's pinned their arguments on Plato or Aristotle, who were wrong about many things.2 Socrates, their teacher, was a notorious homo. And, perhaps you recall, there is "no one wiser than Socrates". 3 Gauging actual Ancient Greek attitudes, including those of Plato and Aristotle, towards what we call homosexuality isn't nearly as simple as you make it. Plato explicitly prescribed that the Republic's military class should be actively homosexual so as to foster brotherly love and loyalty unto death. Sorry but you're not going to get a Catholic conversion from him.If you really want to bond that hard with someone, have a drink with them, instead of trying to get in their panties.There is literally no reason why my wife and I shouldn't fuck each other over having drinks. I don't understand why you derive such pleasure from telling other people what they should be doing, really. What a hubristic hassle.Your understanding is being limited by inordinate desire to act irrationally.You still haven't explained what this "irrational action" it is that I am guilty of.
Recommend me some anti-work books, please.
anti workthe only non degenerate way to be anti work is to be part of the aristocracy
bob black- the abolition of work is all i'm really familiar with, but this subject interests me greatly
Get money. Grow up in a town called Hope.
Son in law of Karl Marx.
NET life  NEET Lifebeen in university for 9 years allready, mounting up hundreds of thousands of dollars in deptwill simply commit suicide when bank starts demanding I give any of it back
Isn't Walden anti-work? Not as in anti-activity, but anti debt ridden wageslavery, decadence and conformity.
But the NEET life is pretty much without mandatory activity and Grecian obligations. Who prefer the NET life?
why not leave the country
Where did this meme of NEETs doing anything productive come up? This is just bait, right?
Actually "I can't bear the thought of NEETs doing something so I will vehemently deny it" is a fairly recent wageslave meme.
Ok, I already got the gist of the bait, you can come clean. There's no way a rational being believes in this trite.
the NEET has all their time for themselves, so its productiveness that betters them rather then betters your company.
How is it irrational to think that people who have time on their hands can spend that time in an agreeable way?Look at the Greeks.
That would be true if any NEET actually did something with objective value. Except, that is, nobody does. And the occasional 1% that actually uses time productively would still do so while sustaining themselves outside society's nanny arms. It's baffling to have to explain this.But I guess I got rused, anyway.
objective value
animeOk I got everything, that was all.
living the NEET lifegf has to be the wageslavehahaha. Life is good /lit/
waah i don't like mediumthinks there are objective valuesbeing this retarded
but you don't get to enjoy u'r gf because she's angry and tired from work :
I can't wait until she dumps you for someone who can take her out, and then you kill yourself. And then that's one less lazy cunt in the world.
The intriguing part is that NEETs who spout this wageslave meme are in other threads in this board simultaneously talking about their dreams of being a writer. They do that without any meaningful life experience which renders their writing soulless, disconnected and delusional.Fuck me, it really makes you take things you read here with a grain of salt.
The intriguing part is that NEETs who spout this wageslave meme are in other threads in this board simultaneously talking about their dreams of being a writer.You know this on an anonymous board, how?
all this wageslave butthurt
I can infer it with a good margin of certainty, since this is not the most popular area of this Finno-Ugric birdgazing sanhedrin.
I suspect that the people that proclaim themselves anti-work certainly have an aversion to work as the result of their upper middle-class upbringing wherein they never had to get a job.
You know that debt doesn't disappear when you kill yourself? It's most likely going to go to your parents.
No better way to start my morning than with a cup of hot wageslave tears.
Where the fuck do you live?
href="#p6638494" class="quotelink"depends on cosigners and stuff but probably not true
Why is the NEET naked at the soup kitchen?
yes, the only way you could get life experience is by working 40 hours a week
Chechnya.
once again TLP remains relevant
That I don't know, but I definetely know you cannot get life experience by playing vidya, watching anime and getting fat in a room somewhere. NEETs think they're the well-cultured anonymous who are dedicating time to higher pursuits: only they're not.
REMOVE CHECHEN EMOVECHECHEN
being a wage slavebeing a NEET with only pennies to live out his hidden existenceclearly the only sensible option for honorable but common men is to procure funds via criminal activity
How about being born rich and get richer still by investing.
It's one way and is correct. Sitting around doing fuck all means you only interact with people your own and will start lagging in late brain development. Working and meeting new people all the time, having to deal with people on a serious basis that are from a variety of ages, cultures, etc expands your brain creating vast numbers of new connections assisting your brain in finding dead end dendrites to prune off in your twenties as the more recent additions will start to mark the older "dumb" endings those created as a teenager when the amgdyla controls you logic, reason and empathy as ready for deletion. Amazing shit your brain, worth looking into when you are young enough to actually make a big impact on its effectiveness later in life.
i agree that there are some sexless delusional sperglords on 4chan trying to justify their miserable existence with this neet shit, but there are also neets with fulfilling social lives who don't spend all day inside and who do actually work on bettering themselves
that's why I said common menrichfags have it easy
Not Anti-work per say, but 'the Hacker Ethic' by Pekka Himanen is a pretty good remedy to the Protestant work ethic which is becoming increasingly irrelevant in a post-Fordist society.
What experience do you have? Arguing with your mother so you can use her debit card to buy more steam games, faggot?
haha i'm not a neet
Shouldn't the answer be that things are smoother now. If you put more hours in writing, organizing, cleaning and designing, you get better text, saver procedures, cleaner stuff and better to use things. As long as there is left space for improvement of products, 40h weeks won't reduce to 15h weeks because of technology.
Seriously, this thread is hilarious but also a good indication of why this entire site is no longer any fun.
Shut the fuck up
It's true. Too bad there is technically no artistocracy, nor actually a middle class anymore. We are all degenerates here.And why? Laziness. Yes, laziness created this new ecosystem where everyone is neither a NEET nor a wageslave but just plain poor.The Founding Fathers were right all along. Freedom is for the enlightened. The stupid cannot handle it. They just waste themselves with it.
I find it very hard to convince myself that 25 hours/week for every working person worldwide were necessary to create sleeker looking iPhones and laptops that freeze slightly less, but if it helps you sleep at night, sure!
I don't know what it has to do with me sleeping well.I'm actually a physics PhD and I'm always in working mode. If I were on the team to develop touchscreen technology, I'd accept the 40h payment or the 25h one. In the second case, I'd come up with the same thing, but I'd probably do more private physics theory in my spare time and finish more slowly.
objective valueuses time productivelysustaining themselvesmuh nanny state*shrugs globe*
Why is it that people who work are so bitter about it yet still try to claim superiority over NEETs? If working life was so good, you wouldn't need to resort to ad hominems so quickly.I say this as someone who recently got a job and hope the rumours about the company going bankrupt are true because spending my days reading, going the gym, watching movies and learning languages was much more enjoyable and productive on a personal level than spending the lion's share of the day sitting in front of a computer and planning the local transport networks of a major logistics firm while listening to my coworkers gossip about working for this major logistics firm because they literally have nothing else in their lives.
Why do you feel the need to create this all encompassing straw man? Is the notion of people who don't work and live meaningful enjoyable lives that scary to you?
WORD OF THE DAYORDOFTHEDAY
Spooge.Spooge.
MOM I'M LEARNING!!
Whoever invented that word....Cool thread though.
Steve Austin pls go
I find your post has a certain floccinaucinihilipilification about it.
not considering it the word of every day
, 
Where does /lit/ generally read?I live with 5 friends from engineering school, my house is loud with their obnoxious shit, its nice outside and im trying to find a chill place to read some books. I used to read at this oceanside park, but now its nice and its filled with people
Library, Toilet, On the roofs
On a crowded dirty subway and there's nothing cool or romantic about it sometimes I have to force myself to concentrate on the words so I can't hear or smell the crap going on around me. Yeah, it's pretty cool.
I break into abandoned buildings with a torch and some supplies.Hunker down for a few hours, smoke some draw, reflect on what I've read, write a little, get up and go home.
Youre a tremendous faggotYou sound like someone from a YA novel
The mall, I need some kind of ambient noise to concentrate. I can't understand how people need absolute silence to read, that would drive me crazy.
Anywhere I'm alone and with absolute silence.I find it hard to read even with someone else in the room because every one of their tiny movements distract me.
I can't understand how people need absolute silence to read, that would drive me crazy.I'm one of those people and it does drive me crazy. It's pretty much essential for me to wear noise cancelling headphones or ear plugs when I read.
Yeah those voices always telling you to do bad things amiright? When it's all quite, you need your distractions am I right. Or how about having sex without the TV on, who does that? I can't undestand hoe people can fuck each other with no broadcasting news in accompaniment!!
reading in public what a pretentious faggot you are"lok at me everybuddy im reading a book!"
Phone. PDFs. Anywhere. Very often while having lunch.I do have books, but the PDF is easier to carry around.
How insecure can you be?
If im in the city I typically just go to the nearest park or graveyard
going out in public"lok at me everybuddy, Im out in public"
he reads YANo one actually gives a shit, and you shouldn't either.This.
From what I can see. Philosophy books and Game of Thrones.
Also nice dubs

You can always just stop being a beta bitch boy bbb and ask them to quiet down.
Where does /lit/ generally readanswers books/lit/ everyone
I live with 5 friends from engineering schoolI can smell the autism from here.
Which font do you use for writing, /lit/?
Arial Narrow GOAT font
Name a single Objective Truth.Also lets have a Divine Comedy thread.What greek myths did it take from?Are the allusions to greek myths in Ulysses obvious? Im going to read it soon.Also rec me some good literature surrounding greek myths/philosophy
God exists.
You will die.
care to explain my boy?
I exist
aren't these only true because of assumptions? What does it mean to die? isn't that just an idea we have to describe a phenomenon.
You cannot talk if someone guillotines your head
jews did wtc
what was Dante doing in that forest in the first place?
We need a darker and edgier version of the Divine Comedy. Maybe Dante could be a demon killer that says "fuck you".
The one objective truth is that truth is all-inclusive.
Ojectuve TruthEverything is subjective. That's an objective truth
Dubs always confirm objective truthse Therefore everyone here is right
He was going off the righteous path of christianity and getting lost in the forest of doubters. The forest is like the oldest metaphor in the world bro
Jet fuel can´t melt steel beams
Objective truth is something everyone declares to be truei.e. the notion of objectivity as collective agreement of all people? Women give birth to children, not men.Dont mention it anon.
Kids might not confirm this. How about:we all need to excrete urine.Ask anyone and they will confirm, thus, objective truth.
There is
Social rules are objective since we can only agree to them as a society, not as individuals. For an agreement by an individual to the rules to mean something, it has to be agreed upon or opposed by someone else.
Our imperfect society creates something like a cancer for the mind, it should go to stand that some of the most fundamental imprints from this society are false, that although there may be logic that works within these false contexts, the logic is ultimately illogical. And that are likely unable to know all of our beliefs that are illogical. When you take away all context, and lool at pure, bare experience what feels good is good, what feels bad is bad. While the fact that evolutionarily psychology tells us this is self preservation, and this makes logical sense -not existing is inherently counterintuitive to existing - it forgets the implications of the fact that pleasure feels good.At its most pure, this is our life's purpose. To maximize pleasure Maximizing pleasure entails both the logic to choose the path that will lead to the most pleasurable outcomeand the will to bring it onto reality
That the phenomenon occurs is an objective truth.If you're going to start saying that nothing is objective because we don't know for sure that our word for a phenomenon adequately it, then there's not much point in discussing anything. Even the meaning you give to "objective" might not actually be objective.
It pretty much just builds off of Virgil's Aeneid and tweaks the monsters
Personality, desire, etc are ultimately a mask of what we truly are: conscious life. They are ultimately created unconsciously, and many of us mistake the mask for the real thing. A self defeatist egalitarianism often tells us that our unconsciously created personality: likes, dislikes, habits and overal mindset, are the ideal, all the while forgetting what we are: CONSCIOUS life, and the fact that unconsciousness is inherently counterintuitive to consciousnessSignificant life events can dramatically alter core personality traits. It goes to stand that one can ultimately learn to alter their own personality, likes, dislikes and habits. It's therefore logical for one to alter one's emotional and expressive tendencies to help one attain power, with all of its progenitors, by which they can most effectively exercise their will to attain a pleasurable life. And of courses learn to enjoy themselves all the while which, beyond it's own immediate self fulfilment, will better allow one to achieve his goals
OP is a fag
It's no coincidence that learning to exist consciously is the ideal, and that doing so literally expands consciousness. We find that the expansion of itself is consciousness's purpose.It's equally no coincidence that the pursuit of maximum pleasure leads to one making the world around him comform to his consciousness; effectively becoming an extension of his consciousness; effectively becoming an extension of him.We see a glimpse of how thorough and complete our purpose to expand consciousness is.In the end, I don't think it's any coincidence that we understand God to encompass all; the universe, His creation, and all that happens in it, His will.One may find that life's purpose is the creation of consciousness, and attaining Godhood is the meaning of life
I didn't expect that to be a thread killer
I went to the Yale University bookstore and bought and read a copy of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone." I suffered a great deal in the process. The writing was dreadful; the book was terrible. As I read, I noticed that every time a character went for a walk, the author wrote instead that the character "stretched his legs." I began marking on the back of an envelope every time that phrase was repeated. I stopped only after I had marked the envelope several dozen times. I was incredulous. Rowling's mind is so governed by cliches and dead metaphors that she has no other style of writing.But when I wrote that in a newspaper, I was denounced. I was told that children would now read only J.K. Rowling, and I was asked whether that wasn't, after all, better than reading nothing at all? If Rowling was what it took to make them pick up a book, wasn't that a good thing?It is not. "Harry Potter" will not lead our children on to Kipling's "Just So Stories" or his "Jungle Book." It will not lead them to Thurber's "Thirteen Clocks" or Kenneth Grahame's "Wind in the Willows" or Lewis Carroll's "Alice."Later I read a lavish, loving review of Harry Potter by the same Stephen King. He wrote something to the effect of, "If these kids are reading Harry Potter at 11 or 12, then when they get older they will go on to read Stephen King." And he was quite right. He was not being ironic. When you read "Harry Potter" you are, in fact, trained to read Stephen King.Our society and our literature and our culture are being dumbed down, and the causes are very complex. I'm 73 years old. In a lifetime of teaching English, I've seen the study of literature debased. There's very little authentic study of the humanities remaining. My research assistant came to me two years ago saying she'd been in a seminar in which the teacher spent two hours saying that Walt Whitman was a racist. This isn't even good nonsense. It's insufferable. is bloom right? also why does he dislike king so much?
Our society and our literature and our culture are being dumbed downsaid every old man ever
Are they wrong?
yes he's probably right. King and Bloom are natural lifelong enemies. I believe he referred to him as his nemesis once
I don't feel old, just bitterH. Bloom
Damn, H. Bloom is shitposting in IRL
While Stephen King probably doesn't give a shit about Bloom lol.
Steven King craves legitimacyHemingway a shit. I have elevated the horror genre.
is there any other kind?
I mean its tough. Students in the US are starting to focus on STEM and less on the humanities. On one hand, more scientists is great but you need that balance of humanities as well.
73 years old, on 4chan?You would never know. Esteemed company it seems, anon...
Of course he was right just look at thisclass="quote"75% of the list is YA/children's booksa third of that 25% of the total list are novelizations of the movie Frozen10% of the list are video game guidesthe only nonfiction books are religious, and one of them claims to be first hand account of life after deaththe only non religious, non children's, non video game book is a Pulitzer Prize winner from last yearevery book except for the devotional and the Pulitzer has had a movie adaptation
two hour lecture about Walt Whitman racismwhy is this allowed
I think the Goldfinch is getting a movie adaptation
Hemingway a shit, though
should have made an attack on post-structuralism when you were young, grandpa. now watch cultural marxist take over.
He's not even shitposting, he's absolutely correct. The fact that so many people don't realize it is a symptom of the very decline he's always going on about.In the 1930's the average American consumed more literature than the average Frenchman or the average Brit, although those two countries have suffered a massive intellectual decline as well in my opinion. Compare the writings of certain Harvard University students in 1925 to those of professors at that very same university today.
Bloom hardly "hates" anyone. He would just say that these authors are not anything special and not worth your time in the long run. you can be a "good writer" insofar that your work is an "easy read" as it is with king, but that does not mean king leaves you with anything profound. Bloom is stylistically hyperbolic, he likes to say something was torture, but he is more concerned with something that was good as opposed to slamming authors who are not greatThat all being said HP is shit if you read it as an adult. Its an amazing idea, but the writing is bad.
Kindle and co. will bring about a renaissance in reading.
So if we're in decline right now as a culture, what's the collapse going to look like?
Wow...I didn't know John Green was so successful. The samples posted here make his writing seem like absolute rubbish; how can he be so popular?
Go look at the best selling books on Kindle
I was told that children would now read only J.K. Rowling, and I was asked whether that wasn't, after all, better than reading nothing at all? If Rowling was what it took to make them pick up a book, wasn't that a good thing?I really hate this among people.any reading is better than none at all!It's like reading gets some intellectual elevation just because it's a book.
Kek. People actually believe this nonsense. If anything it will only exacerbate the degradation of literature with more and more garbage being published without any sort of filter. I could see it leading to an expansion of smut and erotica though.
Of course he's right. I don't think society is being dumbed down as much as he says though. Pop culture has always been like that and always will be. It's why it's pop culture, it's trash made for the masses.
 It's why it's pop culture, it's trash made for the masses.Exactly; however, I do think it is alarming that a wider array of the "upper population" is joining the masses in imbibing the dross of pop culture.
the "upper population"Who is that? There is no more aristocracy. The rich are as dumb as the poor in terms of culture.
At the very least I'm glad he's not buying into the "at least they're reading something" argument. People act like reading alone is a good thing when it's more important what you're reading and whether or not you're reading actively.
no shit, the mainstream will always be mainstream. only valid complaint bloom makes is about literature studies being ruined by hipster skelters.
He's looking haggard.I want my cuddly Bloom back.How much longer do you reckon he has left?
literature doesn't need protection from degradation, that's what cultural marxists do. art always survives. and writers will be able to self-publish and earn far more money.
he's absolutely right
art always survivesSay that to all the historical works of art we have lost.writers will be able to self-publish and earn far more money.You mean they could publish the greatest work of literature ever, but due to little to no marketing and exposure the work will fade into obscurity.
How much longer do you reckon he has left?He himself said that he may have only one book left in him about Elizabeth Bishop, so I'm guessing not long.
Wow...I didn't know John Green was so successful. The samples posted here make his writing seem like absolute rubbish; how can he be so popular?When young women determine the bestseller list.
I went to the Yale University bookstore and bought and read a copy of "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone."What? Never heard of such a Harry Potter book. Do they mean the one with the philosopher's stone? WTF is a "Sorcerer's stone"?
Philosopher was too complicated for americlap audiences
As I read, I noticed that every time a character went for a walk, the author wrote instead that the character "stretched his legs." I began marking on the back of an envelope every time that phrase was repeated. I stopped only after I had marked the envelope several dozen times.a bit of searching i'm sure there's only one instance of the phrase "to stretch one's legs" in any of its forms. Why does Bloom feel the need to lie?
The rich are as dumb as the poor in terms of cultureThis is basically what I was getting at; doctors and lawyers consume the same garbage as a bank teller or janitor. There is no more aristocracy.Not today, but in the US I think there has always been a de facto aristocracy made up of the rich; however, today, like you said, the rich are only distinguishable from the poor by their ability to consume more. What they each consume is substantial the same though. The masses now include everyone.
You mean they could publish the greatest work of literature ever, but due to little to no marketing and exposure the work will fade into obscurity.I wonder sometimes how many masterpieces have gone unheralded because of this problem.
Lol, I just knew a britfat was going to jump in to regurgitate that, his excited hands trembling at the opportunity to spam le epic bants.
When young women determine the bestseller list.
It's called Philosopher's Stone or its equivalent in every version and translation except the American one. The philosopher's stone is a well-known concept that a 10 year old of average intelligence will have heard of. What is a sorcerer's stone? It's nothing.
What is a sorcerer's stone?You seem to be quite stupid yourself.
Let me give you guys two options.One, you wake up tomorrow and you read the bestsellers list. Everything is basically the same, if not slightly worse - genre fiction and YA dominates fiction, the politics section are mostly ghostwritten books by public figures, economics is the same-old list of austrian garbage no one cares for.ORTwo, you wake up tomorrow and all your favorite books not the super well-known classics: the ones you're somewhat proud of having read are on the top of the best-sellers list, your dense sociological and political treatises are being read by the common man, all the fiction you like becomes the taste of the massesWhich one would you choose?
Enlighten me, then. Show me some other instances where the expression is used.It's nothing, it's something the American editor's made up.
I'd take the first one. The Masses would one degrade the classics.
Are you really this autistic? There aren't many references to the Philosopher's Stone in popular culture these days, so a mass market corporation altered the title so that it refers only to something found in the book, disregarding the general meaning of the two words. Alsoeditor's
Forcing someone to read something they don't care about doesn't work. It's tried in schools everywhere and largely fails.
mfw the title was changed because the average british child didn't know what a philosopher's stone was resulting in poor sales upon intiall publication and the publishers didn't want to make the same mistake in america
damn bro your tastes are probably too elite for even anyone on this board
He was actually reading the same page over and over again and no one had the heart to tell him that.
There aren't many references to the Philosopher's Stone in popular culture these daysAnd by that I suppose you mean MTV? There are references to it in fucking Donald Duck comics for God's sake.
do the british experience american culture on a 10 year delay or something?
Donald Duck comicsMTVGee I don't know faggot, which one of those has more cultural influence now?
Nothing is still nothing no matter how long you wait.The first one, as it did when the first Harry Potter book came out. Especially if we're talking about children. But I'm not talking about America here, the only country in the world that felt the need to rename the book to "Sorcerer's Stone".
I did the same thing. Guess this is what happens when you speed-read as much as he does.
almost nonekafka is the only great writer not known during his lifetime.
a third of that 25% of the total list are novelizations of the movie FrozenI laughed way harder than I should have
it depends what you consider the pinnacle of civilizationrenaissance or Pericles' Greece vs. rome
Culture is more important than structure IMO.
the only country in the world that feltscholastic books is now the countrytfw I will never be this blissfully retarded
Bloom is right. From personal experience, most people who are raised reading Harry Potter and latch onto it go on to read and produce vacuous YA fiction that functions only as escapism. They may be exposed to classics but they see these myopically in the eyes of what books like Harry Potter accomplish, which pretty much amount to just being wish-fulfillment, naive construals of the individual as the supreme truth of the world.It's basically a giant circlejerk, and not in the productive way of philosophy being a giant circlejerk. It's a circlejerk with no climax, just endless self-satisfaction.
minecraft guides
Students in the US are starting to focus on STEM and less on the humanities.Yeah but in either case, Stem or humanities, the education is diluted horseshit.
moots actually got a pretty great jaw. He would be a good subject for a Greek Scultpure
americans getting this defensive over their public's lack of cultural awareness or educationlel
Bloom has never been relevant. It's like the last angry gasps of a man finally coming to terms with that and doing anything he can to be remembered.
does the dominance of YA have something to do with youth culture becoming a dominant force since the 1960s?kind of like how classical music is being forgotten about and people consider art-rock and indie to be great music now
lol Harold Bloob look like a niger
thanks for your opinions anon. is he any different from you?
In what world do you live in that Harold Bloom has never been relevant? Do you realize how many other critics respect Bloom? His books are used as material in many college courses, too. You're a frumpy barrel dweller, lad, that's for darn shaw.
The idea of "consuming" literature is so degeneratively American. I'm not surprised that Bloom has read many more books than anyone else but has little to say that a smart highschooler couldn't have figured out.
Doctors of lawyers have been plebs for that past two centuries. Get with the times, granny.
Only one author has been unknown during his lifetime because we only know one author who was unknown during his lifetime and became famous after his deathI can't believe this isn't bait.
Among the plebs literal plebs classical music was never so popular as much as folk tunes or bar chants or whatever. It was only when mass media was invented that it became easier to share those tunes and so the plebs voted with their wallets and made them more popular and relevant.Same goes for YA shit. Of course printing's been around for a while now, and shit garbage romance books the types parodied by Cervantes, Flaubert, and Joyce were pretty much the YA of their times, but now with the internet, it's become easier for people to voice their opinion on what they find "entertaining". Remember back then books were expensive and the only way you knew they were good were from reviews in some esteemed publication. Now everyone can go to a thrift store or download a book for free. Why go for those snobby critics when you much prefer mrs. booktuber or sally "I have a blog"?
Only retarded people and stuck up pricks who haven't listened to what they are talking about think that "classical" music is necessarily better and "art-rock" music necessarily not great. Same with the people who think Picasso isn't a legit painter but will cream themselves over any derivative 18th century work. No personal taste or historical distance whatsoever.
literary criticsrelevantEnglish college coursesrelevantNot him, but you're not making a very convincing case either.
is bloom right? ehhhhhhh *waggles hand back and forth*also why does he dislike king so much?king's a shitty writer
V pleased with the amount Bloom on /lit/ of late. He's said that he's working on a memoir focussing on the development of his literary sensibilities. I'm exited. Pleased to know he's publishing something on Emerson as well.
Itd be cooler if people were actually talking about Bloom and not just his thoughts on Harry Potter or w/e
You must be a pleb if academia isn't what's relevant to you. I guess you're right, Chad doesn't know who Harold Bloom is so he isn't relevant.Fuck off retard.
implying modern academia isn't a diluted mess
There are points of academia that act as bastions. If we don't have at these small circles, then we don't have anything. Everything is a diluted mess. Most of academia is embarrassing, yes, but they would never teach Bloom because he's against political literature and minorities for the sake of minorities.
Yale
1/2I'd say that he's mostly right in his assessment of J.K. Rowling and Stephen King's literary skill. Harry Potter is a conglomeration of cliches and tropes from British children's literature, and Stephen King is probably more influenced by popular American films and cheap pulp paperbacks than say M.R. James, or even his self-proclaimed hero, H.P. Lovecraft.IMO, this is not necessarily a bad thing. Rowling and King are not Great writers but they are creative in their ability to manipulate cliches and form content that is accessible, entertaining, sincere, relevant, and yet nostalgic. I think there's something to be said for the cheeseburgers and Beatles of literature. I do agree that society as a whole is "dumbing down". I read an interesting study conducted by Markus Prior of Princeton University which argued to the effect that as people obtain a greater deal of freedom to choose what media they consume, they generally devote more attention to pre-existing interests like sports and celebrities and less to the news. He argues that this is why most people Americans are less informed about politics than they were twenty years ago -- greater media choice. However, those who were already interested in the news became even more educated about public affairs and contemporary politics as their freedom to choose informational content expanded.
2/2I think that Prior's theory is applicable to culture at large. With the internet, we are free to read and discuss as much as we want about literature in a variety of forms, from anonymous image forums to content aggregators, open encyclopedia articles, BBC podcasts, YouTube videos of university lectures, etc. Believe it or not, most people on /lit/ probably know a lot about literature even if they don't read very often. But because of greater media choice, reading is now a niche interest. Before television, there was little option as to whether or not you read a book -- if you didn't read, you would probably have trouble finding entertainment. Now with the internet and hundreds of individual cable television channels, we are just as free to consume as much information as we want about literature as we are to read about celebrity reactions to transgender athletes. So while people in general are becoming less knowledgeable about reading and Western culture, a certain subset of individuals are becoming more knowledgeable and more cultured than ever before. What I think we're seeing is a developing inequality in information and culture, and one that is self-imposed rather than forced upon us. The consequences of informational inequality and greater media choice leads to people who are not necessarily interested in literature reading and discussing books in ways that fit their pre-existing interests their already knowledgeable about: analyses of Walt Whitman's attitudes toward race, Minecraft guides, and novelizations of popular movies are made by and for people who aren't interested in literature so much as they're interested in topics they're consuming.
Not at all an HP fan, but:accuses someone of being clichegoes on a rant about how old he is and how everything sucks now
it's because is more likely that a person who reads the shittiest books eventually will get something decent or will be training their reading abilites retard
Hm, so the greater amount of media choice leads to a decrease in the consumption of things in which one is less interested. One could even extend this to generalize how the internet reinforces social-political beliefs, allowing for the creation of relatively extreme ideological groups like /pol/ for instance whereas otherwise it would be difficult. Do you happen to have a link to the study you read, or if nothing else, its name? I'd like to read more on the matter.
shitting all over milton and melville
Yes, exactly. Prior actually has published an article following your same line of thought specific article I was referencing in my previous post was this
bloom will die in your life time
One might almost, rather devilishly, suggest that a certain subset of individuals perhaps not the same subset devoting themselves to classical literature are becoming hyperadapted to make well-informed decisions, and that they should thus be the only ones making said decisions.Maybe Plato was right, after all.
Both Milton and Melville were known -- it was Moby Dick that didn't receive its proper recognition.
mainstream economicsaustrianfucking watall people here seem to get wet over the latest lefie shill-book like 'Capital in the 21:st century' or some epistemologically dubious neoclassical economic histories or so. Never found an austrian book for sale except through mises.org or related.
Like a wilting flower bloom will fall to the ground, and his life will nurture the soil, in which the newly budding lives of appreciators to literature sit, and there they will be nourished.
refuted the freudian analysis of Hamletwow he has so little to say
He's 82 now I believe, he hasn't 10 years more. I wanted to meet him and hear him lecute... that probably won't happen.
I understand that the person you're responding to is being a little too stingy on Bloom, but he has a point that Harold hasn't said much of value on...well anything other than post-culture wars english departments. He has a good head on his shoulders, but I've never read anything by Bloom that has surprised or intrigued me and I've read his stuff on Wallace Stevens. The man likes some indisputably great stuff, but he's not the best critic ever.
Nice quads. Also, Bloom caters to a more conservative part of the English-speaking intellectuals interested in literature, and that isn't a broad audience - we have to look at his impact in the measures of his world. His books are used, his theory on Shakespeare and Whitman is tought, he is talked about - that is far more than most other critiques can achieve.
The Yale University bookstore, huh? What an important detail!
Pointing out him poining out The Yale University bookstore, huh? What an important detail, thanks, anon for your criticism!
poiningNot a real word, opinion discarded
 stop baiting 
I think there is truth in a lot of what he said - especially the idea that reading dogshit is good because it gets people to read. As though merely reading is magnificent.I don't think Harry Potter is that dreadful. It is quite imaginative, engaging and funny. It is also derivative, cliché and the prose is kind of average. Rowling is not Kipling but nobody would really say she is.Part of the problem with the old man's argument is that he is completely out of touch with society - so from his perspective it has dumbed down because all those children's books he listed that were good are 100 years old. The last interesting children's books were in the 70s with Dahl and Watership Down. Children don't care though because the medium for storytelling has changed and there are many fantastic games, films and shows that are intelligent, well-made and emotionally engaging. Nearly all the great children's stories come from British humourists and that is a tradition that has died off. You always hear claims that society is getting dumbed down but you only need to speak to some older people to realise that is clearly not the fucking case.
Because it's interesting? Whitman lived in a time in which 'scientific racism' was pretty fundamental, and the notion that the ideologies of it wouldn't be pervading, influencing, and informing his writing is ridiculous. Using any of that, however, to censure Whitman - or, should I say, bothering to devote research-time and research-money to morally censuring dead authors at all - would be fairly pathetic, as well. We don't really know what lecture it is, whether it's the former or latter type, because all we have, from Bloom's account, is one mental artifact from one day when Bloom was in a bad mood. Ignoring racism in early authors, in my opinion, would be more in line with the type of 'liberal fallacy' he's complaining than would actually acknowledging and discussing its literary influence. End.
So because literary fiction only sells a modest amount that means everyone is retarded now? If you looked at the highest grossing films of last year you'd think nobody was watching interesting films. Which is of course nonsense. Those films just don't make billions.
Children don't care though because the medium for storytelling has changed and there are many fantastic games, films and shows that are intelligent, well-made and emotionally engaging.They would care if the parents could be bothered. The nature of humans can't be erased. Everyone is having a hard time growing up who doesn't hear stories. It's primitive, stories, compared to other entertainment we have, but it's needed. The 3 little pigs is about envy between brothers, the very oral tale of Hansel & Gretchen is about separation of children from the parent and so on.These stories explain children figuratively to the very literal problems of theirs.
tothat word wasn't needed. I changed 'introduce' to 'explain' and left the 'to' in.
Also read The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales by Bruno Bettelheim if you are interested. A supreme read.
What are you talking about? Bloom is referring to children's fiction not fairy tales. Your little rant has nothing to do with whether children are reading 100 year old Victorian literature or watching Pixar films.
dfw called his writing turgid. was this ironic coming from a writer who wrote a novel 300 pages longer than War & Peace about junior tennis, film theory and AA meetings?
Great Post.
based jew.
That is actually so embarrassing wtf Bloom. The bias is too strong.
We don't have any real humanities though, it's all been replaced by this politically correct bullshit.
reads 400 pages an hourcould read 1,000 pages an hour in his primespends pretty much all of his free time readingfuck, how does he do it? I wonder how many books he's read throughout his lifetime.
When i have seen this posted or read about this piece by Bloom before, it wasn't that specific cliche, just general cliches and bad and unoriginal writing/phrases that he made a recording of.One can reasonably doubt that "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is going to prove aclassic of children's literature, but Rowling, whatever the aesthetic weaknesses of her work,is at least a millennial index to our popular culture. So huge an audience gives herimportance akin to rock stars, movie idols, TV anchors, and successful politicians. Her prosestyle, heavy on cliche, makes no demands upon her readers. In an arbitrarily chosen singlepage--page 4--of the first Harry Potter book, I count seven cliches, all of the "stretch hislegs" variety.
I tried to torture Harold Bloom by email once. I sent him a bastardized rendition of one of Shakespeare's sonnets, written in modern slang.He politely thanked me for my letter.
putting Rowling, King and the Beatles on the same level as cheeseburgersfuck you
Bloom is literally the "Le rong generashun" of critics and has no standing in this day and age.
Well, DFWs book has a lot of merit. It's entertaining and insightful.Bloom, however, revealed in his review of IJ two of his biggest weaknesses as a critic: hyperbole and bias. Hyperbole obviously from the "no discernable talent" part and bias from getting absolutely buttblasted by DFWs joke at his expense.
It's neither, it's a thousand pages of edgy navel-gazing expressed through some of the worst prose I've tortured myself with. His life was unfortunate and calls for some pity but all this hype is ridiculous.
 torturedI didn't know you posted on /lit/, Mister Bloom! I'd recognize that hyperbolic fascetiousness anywhere!
the marketing choices of the publisher reflect their opinions of their audience so....
He's right and he dislikes King because King writes nothing of substance.
Yeah except not, try actually reading instead of repeating memes.
If you're pleased by reading about someone 'doing dope for the last time ever' in those exact words mixed with slight variations god knows how many times, with some interludes filled with painfully trite insect gazing and discoveries of sameness with said insect.. you've probably been lobotomised - good for you.
Yeah, the whole "reading is good" argument started because it meant people will move on to real literature. They haven't.
games, films and showsintelligentNice ruse
i started reading books like harry potter at about age 8 and i'm now an english major at one of australia's top universities
There's an exception to every rule.For instance, you're straight, but also suck cocks.
at one of australia's top universitiesnobody is impressed. it's australia ffs, the dean of your uni is probably a dingo farmer
well actually im not straight but yes i do suck cocks thank you very much
Fag
How do you live knowing Julian Assange is the only important Australian today?
le right genrashunle poptimismle kendrick lamar is better than dantele ayy lmaole black twitter memesle taytayle emojisle tumblrle BNMle hiphopheadsle dank memesle DAE think the beatles are overrated?
implying Julian Assange is important
well actually there are lots of other important australians thank you very much.for instanse joel creasey
implying Wikileaks isn'tLel
Joel creaseysome no name comedianimportantxd
Sorry you didn't understand the book, better luck next time.
Tru xD
Give a kid one of the great booksdon't be afraid taht it might be too hard to understand. The book has secrets to uncover, it's so much greater than the other books, it's hard to comprehend, it's a challenge.Kids want to be smart. they'll work through it.Give a kid like harry potter and it'll just learn that books are just a boring version of tv.give kids good books, no matter whether fiction or non-fiction. Don't waste their time with poplit.Short: I agree with that assessment.I read archeology books. A kid can be entertained by almost anything, why not give them something that might have an effect on lifestyle.I studied CS and Economics. Found work. And yet I decided to study History later. I truly enjoyed it and while History isn't my main income, I do get some shekels here and there through it. most importantly I have found something I love. No one in my family was a humanist, they were all either inclined to wards business or science. Books are a powerful medium to create an interest out of nothing. because it forces you to focus on it. It compels you to think about it.

Don't forget: even those who do the humanities are wasted. It's taught horriblypic related from /ic/ on a similar topicI'm afraid of what the world might become.It radicalizes me towards the political "right". And I loved liberalism. Read the thinkers, the ideals, the history of muh freedumbs. I still believe the liberal ideas are the more worthy ones to work towards, but reality shows that civilization needs to be lead by a leash.If I'm not going full blown fascist in the next few years I'll probably become a neo-primitivist hippie instead.It's weird how I can even feel so awful about something so intangible. I just wanted to enjoy books, philosophy, cultures and history and it opened a rabbit hole. I just wanted a simple office job and a small family.And then came the realization: Spengler. was. right.
forgot the pic
I remember when Bloom was asked about readers moving from HP to real literature, he said that they should probably avoid HP in the first place for the sake of the limited time we have to read. If you want to know what books he thinks are good for children, here you go:
Can't unsee.
What the fuck, Rand was right
readayy lmao. that speed is literally, physically, mentally impossible. if you are 'reading' that fast, you are not reading at all. 50 page an hour with ~95% comprehension is what you should be aiming for
muh failed idealismbeyond pathetic
That's what he claims.
this particular artstyle needs to be revived because I need it for business reasonsAnyone who thinks this counts as a valid cultural critique has just earned themselves pleb status for life.
Part of the problem with the old man's argument is that he is completely out of touch with societyI'd say the problem is society not that old man.
You read a book published to the masses and was meant for children, perhaps teenagers as it went along.What the fuck did you expect?
I thought that appreciating the Beatles was a fundamental part of poptimism
rhetorics detected
then you're a clueless retard
go on
There's plenty of not shit children's books. Look at his Stories and Poems for Extremely Intelligent Children of All Ages book.
muh philosophy
So if children are to individuate themselves, they will not do it by watching television, or by playing video games, or by listening to rock, or by watching rock videos. They will individuate themselves by being alone with a book, by being alone with the poetry of William Blake or A. E. Housman, or being alone with Norse mythology or The Wind in the Willows.le wrong generation as fuck
Sorry we don't give a shit about your faggot stone here
Austrian economicsmainstreamDo you live in a bubble?
Go back to reddit if you want to spout memes you anime watching faggotHe's right, people are influenced by the media that they consume. You're an idiot if you disagree.
You forgot the "for the masses" part. Actually, in hindsight, that's mostly the reason one shouldn't expect quality from this book. Simple fact that something this large is at some point hitting right with the lowest common denominator.
That doesn't mean that "individuation" is only something that happens to children who read Bloom's favorite authors. Tons of children grow up listening to rock music like Bob Dylan or Sonic Youth and are exposed to interesting ideas or become creative musicians. Or get interested in politics, science, screenwriting or cinematography through television. Or learn problem-solving skills and get interested in computer science through video games. Cultivating taste in fine literature isn't the sole mark of a good or interesting personit's fine if he wants to compare YA trash and stuff to the quality of the western canon, but his opposition to other creative activities and forms of entertainment is conservative and shortsighted
Oh God, here we go with the "video games are a legitimate pass time" argument again
I'm not even arguing that, you cuntwe're talking about "individuation" here
Exactly! People think better of a person who reads Yun Grin and other shitty YA than a pro gamer who makes thousands a month just for playing. Ere's no difference between watching one of those retarded shows from Disney channel or reading some crap like peiper tawns
And he was quite right. He was not being ironic. When you read "Harry Potter" you are, in fact, trained to read Stephen King.This actually made me laugh like a fucking lunatic.
I had a professor who was a very early student of Bloom's and claimed the 1000 pages an hour was a myth but that he did read exceptionally fast.
people praise Stirner and his philosophy regarding the self and egopeople loathe Ayn Rand for doing the same thingWhy?
Rand made it clear which political position she advocated, whereas Stirner left it open so that anyone can read it and assume it agrees with them and it's the other guy who's spooked.
You have chosen to misread Stirner in a bizarre way.If you think Stirner supports your or anyone's identifiable position, you don't realize that Stirner really has "made a case on nothing". You will never know when you have met a real Stirnerian. Hopefully, you never meet one.
It's possible to agree with someone's conclusions and still think that they have bad arguments and are a poor philosopher. There are lots of libertarians/free-market capitalists that think Rand is terrible. For example, here Bruce Goldberg on Rand: [H]er latest publication, For the New Intellectual, offers a selection of those passages, with an overtly philosophical introduction which places the rest of the system in perspective. At last the eager student can get some sort of overview of the intellectual edifice which is presented for his acceptance. I must say at the outset that I have not found the offering very palatable. Not, let me hasten to add, because I disagree with the conclusions—free trade, a minimum of governmental interference in the economy, the immorality of altruism, are, I think, eminently justifiable intellectual positions. Rather it is the paucity of rational arguments, the frequency with which nonsense is offered as self-evident truth, the hysterical ranting against opponents who have had their views distorted beyond recognition, the amateurish psychologizing—in a word, the sloppiness of the whole thing, which forces me to regard it as a paradigm of philosophical incompetence. The temptation is to see it as a huge joke, a farce by means of which its creator can laugh at the gullible. Nozick also has a compelling and more detailed critique of her here: 
Rand looked like a total bitch. Stirner seemed pretty cool.
Ayn Rand defends capitalismStirner knows it's a spook
I also think people think that if a woman discusses aggressively, doesn't give of the vibe of wanting to follow kids-and-family, and then puts much effort in society issues that go beyond her private environment, then something must be wrong with her and her philosophy is probably too. Meanwhile Stirner feels like always talking to the reader, changing the frame of the individual reading it, not the world surrounding him.
Ayn Rand was spooked as all Hell.
Ayn Rand is a historically well-known person who wrote several often discussed works that describe her relatively well-understood philosophy.Stirner is some obscureto a wider audience, anyway 19th century German who was who wrote a book on 'spooks' and whose likeness is only known through a pencil drawing by Engels.Rand is a bitch, Stirner is a meme
Goldberg
Most people know who Ayn Rand is and most of us at least Americans probably had to read her in school. Stirner is pretty obscure. Most of the people who know who Stirner is found out about him because they were interested in ideology similar to his. I'm willing to bet if most people knew who Stirner was, he'd be more of a joke.
You do realize that Rand was jewish herself, right?
/pol/, didn't you get the message to go and stay go?
Ayn Rand had a hard-on for capitalism and industrialism, both of which are spooks.
Because Rand is a horrible writer and comes off as propaganda. The other doesn't .
you have chosen to misread that post in a bizarre way.
King Lear: Folio or Conflated text?Why?
Read Evola and Mein Kampf instead.After that, pick up The culture of Critique series.
So when did /lit/ become a piece of shit?
We're /pol/ now. Shakespeare was a Jew intending to subvert the moral fabric of Western civilization
Never. Some /mu/tant /pol/acks just came here and started shitposting. For the most part no one actually listens to them.
So while you're here: folio or conflated text?
Quarto text.
Norton Critical that has all the differences and changes between the editions if you really want to pore deeply into it.
With no intent to rustle anyone's jimmies, does anyone here have any suggestions for audiobooks? Specifically audiobooks easily accessible from a phone and for free. I work 12 hour shifts 5 days a week in a lab where I have no need for interaction with others. Currently my resources, limited as they are, consist of librivox and youtube. Pic maybe related? Who honestly caresCheers
Same boat as you but can't help of coarse I'm afraid. Mind telling me which YouTube ones were any good for you?
I enjoyed Roy Dotrice reading ASoIaF.David Sedaris reads his own stuff and that's a mostly enjoyable experience, easy to have in the background while you work.There are youtube uploads Douglas Adams reading HGttG, and ose were good funpic related was excellent, no issues with the readers. Not something you can say with most librivox uploads
Share your opinions of authors with names or pseudonyms that sound cool and inviting.I start: Hunter S. Thompson
Fred Exley ftw
I know it's not decent example but Stephen King is a hell of a nice sounding name to put in a cover, bigger than the title, as usual.
I always end up saying "Franz Kafka" as one single word, I think it's nice sounding. "Kafka" itself is a nice sounding word to pair with his first name.
Jorge Luis Borges
Where's your cigarette Franz? All the other B&W author's in this thread are smoking.
Machado de Assis
Will Self has a cool sounding name because both the name and the last name are words, and the "Self" gives some kind of an impact on it.
James Joyce
Phonetically similar, Aldous Huxley
Jacob Faggot
Do pen names count?Are those even a thing anymore?
lol
¿Qué tal un hilo sobre literatura en español?¿Cuál es el último libro que habéis leido? ¿Cuál va a ser el siguiente?
JODERODERTIOIO
Lo último que he leído ha sido "El extranjero" de Camus.Acabo de empezar "La familia" de Lacan y estoy a mitad de camino de una novela sobre cirujía torácico-abdominal de los años 80.
¿Por placer o estudias Medicina?
Terminé Gravity's Rainbow ayer, cometí el error de comprarlo en inglés hace 2011 estando en tierras extrañas.Creo que mi próxima lectura es V., pero en español por supuesto. Nunca más...Lo último de literatura en español original que leí fue... Borges si no me equivoco. En cola tengo Trafalgar, de Pérez-Reverte.
El último libro que leí fue La subasta del lote 49, edición de Tusquets.mi cara cuando esa portadaEmpezé Inherent Vice, pero lo dejé debido a que mi padre lo mojó. Ahora leo El marinero que perdió la gracia del mar de Mishima.
"Las cenizas del Cóndor de Fernando Butazzoni". Una historia de secuestro, represión y robo de bebés en las dictaduras del Cono Sur. Basado en una historia real. 750 páginas que se leen volando. Espectacular.
La Saga de los Groenlandeses, pero es una traducción obviamente.Estaba pensando ponerme o bien con "Don Quijote de la Mancha" o bien con una traducción de GEB.¿Alguna recomendación?
La IlíadaOrientalismo Edward Said
Estudio Medicina, pero apenas estoy en primero. Las nociones básicas de anatomía y fisiología se entienden enseguida, pero cuestiones de farmacología/técnica quirúrgica son más complicadas.De todos modos, el libro es bastante sencillo y asequible económica e intelectualmente para un público no especializado.
њñ
Estoy leyendo Don Juan de Lord Byron, en castellano :
 :?
 :Lo hiciste enojar.
Le recomendaría interiorizarse en las bases de la farmacocinética y farmacodinamia para no andar tan perdido con la parte de farmacología.No es mucho lo que tiene que aprender. Debería poder absorberlo en menos de 3 días si le dedica una buena cantidad de tiempo. Una semana si tiene otras cosas que hacer que me imagino que tiene considerando que está estudiando medicina.Yo ya voy en tercero, por lo que ya pasé por la asignatura de anatomía. ¿Qué libro está usando usted para el estudio de dicha materia? A mi me bastó con el Moore, aunque para osteología del craneo tuve que complementar con el Rouvieretodas esas descripcionesEl horror.El último libro fue "Demian" de Hesse. Gran libro por cierto, creo que es el mejor fanfic yaoi que he leído en mi vida y el único.Pero hablando en serio el libro es patricio por donde se le mire. La evolución de Sinclair, los brillantes aforismos por aquí y por allá, la relación con el amigo pianista. Al final pensé que se iba a desinflar un poco, pero fue más que satisfactorio.5/5 en buenaslecturas.Ahora estoy leyendo "Papá goriot" de Balzac. El sabor más notorio que me deja el libro es lo poco que hemos cambiado en estos últimos 200 años.Also, Balzac es god-tier a la hora de describir a sus personajes. No solo sus observaciones son sagaces, sino que los personajes están tan prolijamente construidos que en verdad son uno con lo que el mismo Balzac te describe de ellos.Planeo empezar "la torre oscura" después que termine papá goriot. Paralelo a eso quiero empezar a interiorizarme en la filosofía occidental con los griegos pero no, en serio, voy a empezar con los griegos.

Quién /Bolaño/ acá?
ser chilenono he leído nada de Bolaño, Neruda o Mistral¿Qué tan plebeyo soy?
¿Allende al menos?La casa de los espíritus, primera novela larga que leí en mi vida. 8/10 retratando la vida campestre/revolucionaria del Cono sur debería leer de nuevo.
100%Anda a leer los Detectives Salvajes, no te vas a arrepentir
Lo último leído, Luces de Bohemia, del gran Valle-Inclán. Buenísima obra, se mire por donde se mire.Ahora lo siguiente es San Manuel Bueno, mártir; de Unamuno.
Allende nunca me ha llamado mucho la atención. Al principio porque no me interesaba mucho leer y después porque parece ser que su literatura está más abocada a lo comercial.Con la descripción que me da como que me dan ganas de leerla, pero tengo mucho tiempo que recuperar y preferiría partir con Bolaño o Cortazar en lo que se refiere a literatura latinoamericana.buscar el pdf en googleencuentro el libro en inglés pero no en españolSer pobre es sufrir.No tendría problemas en leerlo en inglés si no fuese por traducciones.
Leí el ladrónde de orquídeas en ingles recientemente.Quiero empezar el marinero mañana. Esta bien?
¿Qué opinan sobre el meme de Stirner? La verdad es que ha llegado a tal punto el divertiposteo que se ha hecho al rededor de su imagen y obra que me están dando ganas de leerlo.¿Alguien conoce alguna buena traducción al español?
Y tu a mi sonreir.Siguiendo el hilo: "La conjura de Cortés" por Matilde Asensi
"la torre oscura"Me gustó bastante la saga, especialmente el cuarto.
es bueno para deconstruirlo si es que lees critical theory o marxismo.La verdad es que stirner sirve como *pensamiento* de las cosas, pero en el hecho cae en la misma descripcion de hegel que hace del escepticismo en la dialectica de maestro y esclavo, de llevar la auto consciencia al extremo sin consciencia de las cosas para luego vanagloriarse de tener una autoconsciencia libre
Estoy leyendo Detectives Salvajes, es chido
Ya acabé el extranjero. Me identifique demasiado.Compré otros libros de Camus y ahora estoy en Caligula, buena obra hasta el momento
¿leés alverres? chido
¿Qué opinás de los libros finales? Hay una discusión en  sobre el tema.En lo personal me gustó mucho hasta el IV... donde para mí se desvirtúa demasiado.
El primer capítulo te dejará con ganas de más. Mucho más.
Últimamente tengo mucho curro y la verdad es que no estoy pudiendo leer mucho, pero técnicamente estoy con "History of western philosophy" de Russell. Y "Dune".
¿Habéis leído a Dostoyevski en castellano? ¿Qué traducciones merecen la pena?
De "Crimen y Castigo" reconozco que no recuerdo la edición que leí. "Los Hermanos Kamarazov" lo leí en la edición de Cátedra, que como he comentado en otro hilo es mi editorial favorita y nunca falla. Así que me atrevería a decir que recomiendo leerlo en Cátedra a él en particular, por lo menos.
No odias las tapas de las nuevas ediciones de Alianza? A mi me dan bastante asco.
¿Ya leíste "el mito de sísifo"? Yo me enamoré perdidamente de ese hijo de perra apuesto de Camus después de leerlo.
i want to learn spanish. not latin american spanish but i guess castillian spanish from spainwhat is the best way to do that? good books, videos, resources? easy beginning spanish books? besides dictionaries what should i get to learn the verbs and grammar
Solo vengo a decir que ANAGRAMA es una puta mierda, y que se leen todos mas pretenciosos y maricones en español.Ah y que hibari chan es mi waifu.
Just try not being a faggot and that should work out nicely for you.
Try duolingo.
Estoy leyendo a Knausgaard, pero en inglés porque no hay traducción al español todavía y porque quería apresurarme a leerlo porque parece lo más "fresco" en literatura ahora mismo, ja.
2666 es la verrrgaaaaa
mcc no hay meme-escritores en españolEl más ridículo es Vargas Llosa, pero le falta, le falta. Borges es muy propenso al ridículo también, no entiendo por qué la gente no se da cuenta.
mcq puedo leer español pero me duele la caveza

Me di cuenta el otro día. ¿Qué tal si transcribo los manuscritos del siglo de oro que todavía no se ha publicado? ¿Podría ganar bastante así?
Estoy siendo una cerda traidora a la patria y vengo de Ballard a Artaud, pero tengo un largo listado de autores de cuentos a los que darle masa cuando tenga algún billete.Qué tan interesado está el hilo en un pequeño critique and comment?
No puedo esperar. Mishima es mi husbando.
i want to learn spanish. not latin american spanish but i guess castillian spanish from spaincastillian spanish from spainThat's literally the worst Spanish there is, you dumb dumb. Latin American Spanish is most pure form of Spanish, believe it or not.
ANAGRAMA es una puta mierda¿Por qué todo el mundo dice esto? No entiendo. ¿Es un meme o algo?
Es una mala editorial miresla como la mires. Las traducciones son torpes, la encuadernación es la correcta y nada más, y sus precios no van acorde a la calidad del producto. También tienen practicas comerciales muy feas en que compran toda la bibliografía de un autor y se sientan en los derechos sin imprimir nada. Así terminás con tres o cuatro libros de Kerouac en todas partes y zero chances de conseguir otra cosa. Si sos latinoamericano peor, mandan un 10% de su material con suerte y el resto hay que encargarlo a librerías españolas.
Por lo menos serías la salvación de los historiadores.ese sentir cuando no más paleografía
Me gustaría tener su físico. Es como un Travis Bickle real.
Soy un novato en la lectura y quiero aprovechar el hilo para preguntarles una cosa. ¿A ustedes les pasa que al leer algo, ya sea ficción o no ficción, hay momentos en los que olvidan lo que recién leyeron? ¿Qué tan plebeyo soy? ¿Qué puedo hacer para cambiar? Además de leer más a menos que eso sea todo.Quisiera convertirme en un lector hábil.
Tienes razon sobre Allende, escribe lo que se vende, pero La casa de los espiritus es una buena novela, en ocasiones es MUY parecida a Cien años de soledad hay una escena casi igual, pero no se siente como una copia. La recomendio bastante para los amantes del realismo magico.Aprovechando el hilo, ¿Que novelas o autores hispanos debo de leer? He leido mucha literatura anglosajona y francesa, pero no mucha de la que "me toca" por nacimiento.Consigue Los Detectives Salvajes tan pronto como puedas, muy buena, aunque es jodidamente cara en español, la he visto en tiendas por 10 dolares, en ingles y en frances, pero en español no baja de los $50que puta hueva usar acentos en un board, no me jodan por eso
obviamente leer más. también elegí mejor los espacios donde leer. podés pensar que tenés super concentración o que un poco de ruido ayuda, no, es mentira. conseguí un espacio relajado, silencioso, comodo y si es posible al sol. si no te acordás lo que leiste, releé.
que puta hueva usar acentos en un board, no me jodan por eso¿En qué parte de la Ciudad de México queda tu preparatoria?
Gracias.¿Qué piensan sobre tomar notas/hacer fichas?Un doctor de la universidad siempre nos dice a los alumnos que hacer fichas es de lo más recomendable.
Ha!La chingada huevona pelotuda madre.
Podrías hacer un pequeño diagrama de flujo sobre lo que leíste después de terminar un arco/capítulo.Tomar notas es importante si quieres recordar ciertas cosas por sobre otras.En lo personal prefiero no tomar notas ni anda e ir dejando que se vaya dando la lectura.
critique and commentExplícate, cerda traidora.
compartir cosas y comentar el trabajo de los demás. sos nuevo en /lit/?
Hola, hola amigos.Hace unas semanas terminé de leer 2666 y desde entonces me siento sobre saturado de literatura en castellano : Ahora empecé La-bàs de Huysmans en inglés, no francés, mal por mi y tengo a Marek Hlasko después.Mis favoritos son Onetti y Cortázar.Saludos, hasta la próxima!
No soy de la cd. De mexico, pero estoy en una de las primeras ipad, y es bastante tardado usar acentos.
2666 la primera obra maestra del siglo 21. Detectives Salvajes tampoco esta mal.
Bumpo A todos los que les gusta Bolaño, os recomiendo que también leais Nocturno de Chile y Putas Asesinas
mfw termine 2666nunca voy a saber como termina de verdad
terminé de leer 2666 y desde entonces me siento sobre saturado de literatura en castellanoA mi me sucedio lo opuesto. 2666 es basicamente "LA LITERATURA ES LO MEJOR QUE EXISTE EN EL MUNDO: EL LIBRO", si al leerlo no te dan ganas de leer mas libros en español siendo Onetti y Cortazar, dos increibles escritores latinoamericanos, tus favoritos y sobre todo, mas de Bolaño, lo lamento por vos.
Topkek
Nunca he leido nada de Onetti, qué me recomendáis?
La Vida Breve
Antonio di Benedetto y Nicanor Parra.Eso es todo.
SRBE NA VRBE!
De Artaud leí "Para terminar con el juicio de Dios". Toda una crítica al Platonismo y elegía a la inmanencia y el cuerpo como única verdad. Me lo regaló mi madre, que fue actriz de teatro en otros tiempos. Creo que es imposible de entender, lo que Artaud dice, sin considerar la concepción del teatro que tienen los actores, capaces de trascender en una actividad puramente Real.
¿Cuántos de aquí leéis literatura extranjera en versión original? ¿Hay algún libro que creáis que es especialmente importante leerlo en el idioma en que fue escrito?
Siempre que sea posible. Si es traducción se pierde mucho. En inglés leo en inglés, español igual. Y leí el principito en frances con un diccionario a la par.
6633605Yo me leío Mason&Dixon y decidí mirarlo en inglés. Jeje un error que no cometeré dos vecesAhora me estoy leyendo la Pastoral Americana de Roth
ANAGRAMA es una puta mierda
memescritoresno Perez Reverte
Si vas a leer ciencia ficcion, fantasia, la odisea, novelas escritas con una prosa comun y centradas en la trama, no importa mucho la verdad, aunque si es una novela simple es bueno para practicar. Por ejemplo, yo lei el señor de los anillos en español e ingles y sinceramente no hay ni la mas puta diferencia, si algun dia lo leo de vuelta lo voy a hacer en español.Libros que usan jerga como Ulysses ademas, las descripciones de Joyce en ingles son impecables o Pynchon que juega mucho con el lenguaje, es un poco mas importante leerlos en ingles, si es que queres absorberlos completamente, si no, leelos en español, a quien carajo le importa, no te dejes influenciar por el meme de que hay que leer en el idioma original. Veo poco probable que haya alguien en 4chan que lea en latin, ruso, griego, japones, aleman, frances, español e ingles. Lo importante es leer.Borges tenia razon.
Al igual que , leo seguido en inglés o portugués. Sin embargo, depende mucho del estilo de prosa. Pynchon como puse arriba me llevó 4 años, fue un desastre. Ahora compré V. en español. traduccionesIgnorar completamente este meme. Creer que uno pude interpretar mejor la obra original que un traductor profesional es pura soberbia, y lo intraducible en una buena traducción va a estar como N. del T..
Estoy familiarizándome con Unamuno. He leído Niebla unas tres veces, Guerra y paz, su primera novela algo densa y se nota que no había pulido su estilo una selección de sus ensayos, su obra de teatro "el otro" Hay buenas ideas pero creo que hubiese funcionado mejor como una novela corta San Manuel Bueno Mártir y ahora estoy leyendo Vida de Don Quijote y Sancho, que en mi opinión es lo mejor que tiene de lo que he leído. ¿Alguna opinión o recomendación de este autor? Soy bastante completista y me gustaría leer toda su obra tarde o temprano.
No se supone que entiendas a Artaud, está tratando de alcanzar la lógica divina con las palabras y termina haciendo un caos total. Su obra es el trabajo de un loco y hay que aceptarla e interpretarla desde esa posición, y capaz que se llega a conectar un poco con su locura. Ahora me pregunto si Klaus Kinski tendrá algunas obras de Artaud interpretadas o si la barrera de nacionalidad lo impidió...
Ah y que hibari chan es mi waifu.No había leido esto, un honor. Aunque no entiendo qué habrás querido decir con la segunda mitad de la primera oración.
Creer que uno pude interpretar mejor la obra original que un traductor profesional es pura soberbia, y lo intraducible en una buena traducción va a estar como N. del T..No te creas, sobretodo con Anagrama me pasa que tengo que imaginar cómo sería esa oración en inglés para entenderla a veces, y jamás de los jamaces ponen notas de la traducción. Y con filosofía es mucho peor, más considerando que no hay forma de que leas fluidamente todos los idiomas que puedan interesar. De dos libros de Gadamer que tengo uno avisa casi en cada página sobre decisiones de traducción basadas en previas publicaciones que me parece un criterio errado pero lo avisan y el otro tiene montones de terminos complicados de interpretar sin avisar nada. Con el griego peor porque posteriores autores, muchos alemanes, van a usar multiples interpretaciones de cada palabra; así que tendrías que tener una versión con más notas que páginas traducidas que las hay o estar malgastando tu tiempo si lo leés para entender autores modernos.
Y jamás de los jamases ponen notas de la traducciónEstoy estudiando la carrera de traducción y allí nos animan a no poner notas del traductor, enarbolando los argumentos de que el mejor traductor es el que no hace notar su presencia y que las notas del traductor rompen la inmersión del lector. No soy partidario de esto, pero es el consenso actual en el gremio.
El último, una parte de El Aleph. Y, cualquier cosa filosófica, jóvenes.
Si estás traduciendo la guía del autoestopista por ahí pasa, pero cuando un autor tiene terminología muy propia rara vez leés por inmersión. Te preparan para traducir los juegos del hambre, que supongo es lo que más te paga y ojalá te toquen laburos así, pero /lit/ bien sabe que si leés por inmersión andá a jugar un videojuego.
Voy a evitar Anagrama entonces. No niego que me haya pasado lo que comentás de las frases: de hecho así es que uno desconfía de la traducción. Pero bien, mantengo lo dicho vale en general... si conocés el idioma original, vas a poder leer a través de la traducción tendría que ser demasiado desprolija para no, y si no lo conocés tanto, también va a yudar.Esto es muy triste.
Me tatue al quijote en la pierna. ¿Soy un perdedor?
FUERZAUERZATIOIO
Deberías tatuarte uno con cara de miedo absoluto que sólo muestres cuando haya molinos cerca.
El Pozo, Los Adioses, El AstilleroNo me gusta en general la literatura latinoamericana, asi que eso no me preocupa. Cortázar es modernista, y Onetti me hace acordar a Céline mas que nada. Y con Bolaño no termine, tengo Los Detectives Salvajes guardado para algun momento
No me gustan los tatuajes, pero el diseño no está mal. ¿Hay alguna razón especial por la que te lo has tatuado?
Me estoy leyendo The Recognitions de Gaddis, está cool. No sé si hay traducciones al español. Después me voy a leer el libro ese de Mutis, las novelas de Maqroll el gaviero. Me siento mal por que soy colombiano y nunca he leído a Mutis, espero no me decepcione.
Si no has leído Don Quijote, pues anda. Es una belleza, de principio a fin. Pero no dejés GEB atrás, también es un libro muy bueno. La traducción que yo tengo es la de Tusquets, y la disfruté mucho, aunque tampoco soy un experto como para saber si hay otras mejores.
GEB... ¿?Disculpad mi lumpenidad
4 libros de alianzaMillonario detectado. O es que solo son caros en Colombia y no dónde sea que ustedes vivan?Hablando de libros caros, hace poco compré uno de Fondo de Cultura Económica. Una estafa prácticamente.
Alguien sabe si va a salir traducción al Español prontamente? O tocará leerlo en Inglés?
Huy. En estos días me compre Ada de Nabokov en Anagrama. ¿Será que es mala la traducción?
Allende nada más se monto en la ola del realismo mágico para sacar un par de novelas mediocres y vender bastante. "Talentless hack", le dirían por acá.
Tomo notas cuando Leo libros grandes/con muchos personajes. Me ayuda cuando se me olvida quien es alguien, o algo que halla pasado.
A mi me regalaron Lolita de Nabokov. Que se yo. Para una relectura puede ser interesante pero cuando tenés un mago del lenguaje es medio un desperdició estar leyendo otras palabras.Por ejemplo, a la icónicoa aliteración con que empieza la mandaron:Lolita, luz de mi vida, fuego de mies entrañas. Pecado mío, alma mía. Lo-li-ta: la punta de la lengua emprende un viaje de tres pasos paladar abajo hasta apoyarse, en el tercero, en el borde de los dientes. Lo. Li. Ta.Ya arramca horrible traduciendo groins como entrañas, omitiendo lo sexual de la referencia. Después mata completamente la aliteración, pero quita conectores que no estaban expresamente omitidos en el original para hacerlo sonar más poético o algo. No solo le mata el ritmo sino que le inventa uno nuevo. Hay autores que de ser posible hay que evitar tocar traducciones.
No. Simplemente es mi libro favorito, y me quería tatuar algo.
Gödel, Escher, Bach
Ayyyyyy caliente!
¿Usáis Kindle o algo similar o seguís tirando de libros de papel?No me adapto a los libros electrónicos...
Me tomó un tiempo adaptarme, pero tengo un Kindle Paperwhite 1 y simplifica mucho la vida. En especial para libros raros o en otros idiomas. Además es muy fácil de manejar con Calibre, y puedo piratear casi cualquier cosa
Ambas. No hay como el papel, pero para lugares con poca iluminación, con mucha, o de viaje, la kindle gana en práctica.Hace poco empecé a rayar y marcar los libros suena a herejía a priori, pero es un vicio genial y, para hacerlo bien, se requiere papel, marcador y bolígrafo.
Ambos. Kindle solo si no tengo el libro y no está en la bilbioteca de mi universidad.
Ah. Siendo tu libro favorito, y si simpatizas con Unamuno sé que no todo el mundo lo hace, te recomiendo su Vida de Don Quijote y Sancho. Unamuno reivindica la figura del Quijote como una especie de guía espiritual frente a la del bufón que comúnmente se le atribuye
los libros son de papel para poder rayarlos, usted tranquilo.
Lo ultimo que leí fue el Facundo, voy empezando la segunda parte del Martín Fierro, ya me atrapo la literatura gaucha
escritos por vecinos dueños de propiedad en Buenos Airespropaganda para convencer a otros terratenientes que está bien explotar a los gauchossecuela es propaganda para motivar la guerra en el surNo hay nada gaucho con respecto al Martín Fierro. Tenés que leer autores del interior para algo parecido a literatura gaucha.
Opiniones en Pynchon en español y de Tusquets en general?
u retarded m8?
Estoy leyendo V. de esa mismísima editorial. Me gusta, muchas notas de traductor. Pero claro, no tengo la edición original y la traducción mano a mano paa comparar.Sobre Pynchon, creo que es muy particular, pero si le lográs agarrar el gustito, es enviciante. Terminé GR hace poco y considero que valió la pena, si uno está dispuesto a aceptar cierto nivel de caos en lo que lee muchos cabos sueltos, cosas sin resolver, puntas que no continúan a fin de ganar en riqueza de prosa multitud de historias laterales, a veces simbolizadas con una única palabra o frase.
Eso no es un argumento, no es mi culpa que no puedas contextualizar una obra y tomes propaganda por contenido sincero.Acá tengo Tempestades de Acero de esa editorial y tiene un buen equilibrio de notas de autor. Aclara doble significados pero no tiene un diccionario de cada puta planta de la campiña francesa. El papel se siente un poco barato pero a mi me gusta eso, sobretodo si se traduce en un libro más barato que es el caso
La semana pasada terminé Ilión de Dan Simmons inbcuatro ficción actualmente estoy leyendo Crimen y Castigo, voy por la mitad.Luego leeré La Broma Infinita o algo de Borges.ese sentimiento cuando peruano y casi no leíste nada de autores peruanosMe conseguí una colección de 12 libros con títulos relevantes nacionales, ¿alguien de acá recomienda libros peruanos?Ah, y Tali de Mass Effect es mi waifu.
no es mi culpa que no puedas contextualizar una obralo mismo digo de vos
, 
Is what makes Homer, Virgil, Ovid, and Dante so special their style and language? Or are the themes they wrote about and the substance of the texts more important? I ask because I'm wondering if it would be pointless to read translations of Homer and Dante like many consider it pointless to read a translation of Ulysses.
Just read them you living meme.
this
/tv/ keeps telling me that the books are a shit and I should come here for proof.Are they that fucking bad? What is something wrong with them that couldn't be said about Tolkien for example?
They're bloated as fuck for no good reason and very little actually happens throughout them. Characters can spend the entire book getting from point A to point B and still not be there by the end. Besides that the prose is mediocre at best and laughable at worst.
the more she drank the more she shatITS GENRE SHITNO DISERNIBLE TALENTThere opie, i ressumed the thread for you.
Something about a bitch that shits diarrhea poop so hard that she passes out or something
has the show gotten to the diarrhea scene yet?
Are they that fucking bad? What is something wrong with them that couldn't be said about Tolkien for example?if you're seriously asking that then you probably won't even understand what's actually bad with grrm
they read like fanfiction tier garbage.I've heard it said that GRRM hates fanfiction of his own work because of his legitimate concerns it would be better than anything he could write.
I'm playing Devil's advocate. I have every intention of screencapping the better posts in this thread and using them to troll bookfags in /got/.
I come here because I'm not smart enough to form my own argumentspls go and stay go. /tv/ is a containment board and got general is a containment thread in a containment board. it's probably the most pleb place on this whole website and you want help to lord it over them intellectually.
No, as stated I came here because people over there constantly flaunt /lit/ as an authority as to why GRRM's books suck. I came for proof, nothing more.
"He's very popular, so it would be uncool for me to say that he's any good."~ Everyone on lit.
/lit/ is full of failed writers and unemployed phylosophy grads.They are mad that GRRM wrote shit that actually gets published.
trying to spook /lit/erate people
I'm a published writer in a STEM field.
i've had several things published[/spoiler]in my university's paper that i work for
o jesus
kek this denial, this b8 it's delicious
Nobody cares about science literature.
It isn't science literature.I actually don't believe science is a valid method of interpretation, it ignores any extreme variance from the norm, as well as anything that cannot be observed or inferred.But engineering is always in demand, and I'm fine with undergraduate-level material, so I sacrificed a bit of my integrity for security.
it ignores any extreme variance from the normThat is wrong. Any type of "unexpected" variance is an error of the application of an expression. For instance, if you consider the equation for the ideal gas law for real gases, you will have a bad time. as well as anything that cannot be observed or inferred.If they cannot be observed, they cannot interfere. You are from engeneering, you should know that already.
You're ignoring the central point. Science is inherently reductionist.
On the contrary. The simplicity of science is the common denominator for any physical event.
tfw struggle with trying to get published in a lit journal
Cool. Me too and I'm fucking 20. It isn't hard to get published in STEM and it doesn't mean shit.
See: 
What is something wrong with them that couldn't be said about Tolkien for example?It pisses me the fuck out when people compare GURM to Tolkien just because both of them wrote fantasy.If you want to know, ASOIAF has absolutely nothing to offer but shallow excitement.Sure, death of the author and shit, meaning can be inferred and interpreted from any text I guess; but that doesn't change that his work lacks direction, has amusingly bad prose, lacks a clear theme, tries to be edgy but it doesn't really amount to anything, the pacing is absolutely fucking atrocious due to his fetish for both POV writing and shitting, and has a blatant Mary Sue in Daenarreahs.
Why would smarts matter? If you haven't read the books, you haven't read the books.
from a tv brain "books" probably implies what is being written right now or has been written in our lifetimes. I wouldn't argue with that but there are a lot more books out there. if tv means that books are bad because the /lit/ board is bad, well..
it will be the most epic season finale ever. How will she ever break the wheel now?
The first three or four books are fine - actually the first three in particular are excellent. But then he starts milking it, dragging shit out beyond all reason and that's when it goes to hell.
GRRM has strengths and weaknesses.He tried doing something different with all his historical references to battles and dynastic turmoil, such as Greek Fire in Byzantine's famous naval battles, and the marriage/heir drama in the 100 years war.His prose has gone from not great to bad, largely because he knows that his HBO deal will sell his brandname, so now he refuses to listen to his editor.He claims he has an overall theme in mind for his magic and that it should be obvious, but then makes vague choices in the novel, why do Catelin Stark/Beric Dondarion/cold hands still have their personalities when they return, but the white walkers don't?. Or out of character makes weird contradictions, such as stating that Danny isn't immune to fire, she can still be burned, and her funeral pyre scene was magic.He seems to have changed his mind about the direction the novels are headed, since he stated them in the 90's, which has made the story bloated. Bloated not only in density and number of novels but some characters keep getting chapters that just delay the inevitable because other characters aren't in position yet for major plot points.
Excerpt from the first book.
...it cried, its voice as low and chilling as a cold wind from the north.this is garbage
The Joyce of our generation.

If he were a more economical fucking writer he wouldn't be having this problem. Christ's sake, Tolkien was just as autistic in his worldbuilding but he at least managed to tell a complete story in about 400,000 words.
I can't brint myself to read ASOIAF because I'm worried about wasting time that I could spend on reading something better.
I don't get it.What's so bad about onomatopoeia?
autistic in his worldbuildingcare to give an example of a better world builder?
I didn't use 'autistic' as an insult, I used it as a descriptor. Tolkien and Martin both built extremely detailed, incredibly fleshed out worlds with more thought and care put into them than could ever fit in a single story, no matter how large.
oh...I don't think that word would ever be taken as not an insult.
Many words that are normally insulting are NOT insulting when used in the context of a 4chan post.You know, like 'faggot.'
First couple of books are passable deconstructions of overplayed fantasy tropes with gimmicky grimdark edginess mixed in. Then the series disappears up its own ass, plotlines get ludicrously complicated and unresolvable and the writing goes down the shitter.
Well, for one thing, it does nothing to strengthen the imagery and second the rest of the passage is wretched
i swear to god people should have to earn a license to express thoughts
I've pretty much always read a fair bit of "pleb genre trash" but even I found the GRRM books boring and sort of soulless. They seemed violent and transgressive simply for the sake of being edgy. Just all this meaningless death and incest. When GRRM started writing this crap there were all these gritty, grim, medieval tv shows and movies and I think that's where he drew his inspiration from. I don't get why people like these at all, let alone the massive popularity.
Well he has a background in television. Maybe he was trying for something beyond imagery, something auditory.Sounds like oppression. I'd still pass it. Send in the firing squad, I'm ready. bangbangbang
I always thought that whole diarrhea business was just lit shitting on him, I can't believe he actually wrote that though he's a disgusting neckbeard. Are the books full of dicks too?
No, even he said he's not obsessed with 'weenies', it should be 'boobies'.
People are just assmad that, despite the booktv dichotomy, the show is actually telling a more efficient story than the books.If you think about it, that's the only way he could ever be able to let the TV show happen as it is right now. unlike most great authors that clearly disdain the pleb masses like J. D. Salinger, GRRM is more like Tolstoy, Joyce and Proust in that he is purposely not writing popular fiction. He's not writing for his audiences enjoyment. He's writing for himself and the hardcore academic autists that would obsess over this shit. He wants his work to be more than the sum of its parts.It's not even that he's not pandering to D&D nerds and manchildren like Pratchett and others do. He literally doesn't give a fuck if only 5 people ever read his shit.Inexplicably... his work became popular with the pleb masses. They're just not used to a popular fiction creator not caring about them at all.
That isn't from the first book m8.
Just read the first the only penis on it I think was Hodor'sIt is, when Tywin battles Roose Bolton next to the Green Fork, and Tyrion brings his army of savages with him.
I feel the same. I have over 100 fucking books of dank ass literary fucking fiction littered around my house, and reading any genre fiction would only get in the way of my backlog. Especially considering every genre novel is part of a 20 book series
There is literally noting wrong with this writing.
compares GRRM to Tolstoy, Joyce and ProustHOLY SHIT 10/10 BAIT I CAN'T IGNORE IT
holy fucking shitIs there a secret meaning about this?Never read GRRM but many of my friends love the tv series. I saw them and it seems like they mashed all fantasy cliches and stories into one big pile of shit.
he writes for morons though.i don't think my readers could understand what a horn sounds likewait a minute, i got it...brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Beautiful bait Anon, you truly brought tears to my aching eyes.
want more votes.It's not bad, in my opinion, but it's certainly not the greatest thing of all time. It's an exciting and fun soap opera, the third book was so intense I couldn't let it go for the last 300 pages. But it's nothing actually deep and meaningful, just entertainment. And there are other problems that I can usually ignore in the first three books, such as GRRM not having a clear vision of what he wants. He's dumping more and more plotlines that he won't be able to resolve. And the 4th book is fucking terrible, the only people who like it are rabid fanboys who'd enjoy GRRM's Twilight+Harry Potter gay slash fiction if he made it.
constantly flaunt /lit/ as an authorityroflmao people are fucking stupid.
Shouldn't you read that book about the cuck fapping on the beach. And farts.Read this:
ITT: people who haven't read asoiaf
who needs to?bad guys do bad but EXTREMEgood guys do good, but not as extreme as bad guys, because: allegorygood guys will still win because: HBOplot outlined
Harooooooooooo!!!!!
da-DA-da-DAGRRM is actually referencing dada movement
Having read all of the books, in order to know why they are so bad, I found that the first book was, for a fantasy novel, pretty good and I can say I enjoyed the political intrigue, which was the main selling point for me. In the first book, politics were high and the fighting low in content, but as the series progressed this was inverted, deteriorating from them substantially. He is far too verbose and superfluous, hence their length, and could have been cut down by 200 pages or so. His prose, as had been said many times in this thread, is mediocre during the best parts and laughable in the worst. Tyrion is GRRM so there is far too much attention given to him and ego stroking in general. The conversations had between characters were believable, unless with Tyrion because then Tyrion always has to be the smartest, for afore mentioned reasons. Read the books. If not to enjoy them, to critique them with any authenticity, it's like JG here-most haven't read him I have but still shit on him in circlejerk threads. Rightfully so, but it is a bit dishonest. The show faces similar problems and has gone to utter shit in the past two seasons.
I'm gonna give you my honest opinion without resorting to hyperbole like every other fucking retard on this board.Why it sucks:- Very long, often pointlessly so- Large periods where nothing really happens. - A lot of characters are boring as fuck yet have a lot of time dedicated to them- It is at times poorly written most notably the last two books- Lacks an editor with balls- He wrote himself into a corner 15 years ago and has been struggling out of it sinceWhy it's great:- Every character is involved and has a backstory. Even the characters mentioned once have a place in the world that isn't random. - He's created an undeniably interesting world to explore- The first three books have very little reason to hate- I personally really liked the POV style of writing each chapter. Felt like I was reading several books at once which if I'm honest made it super immersive.- He seems to have an incredible knack for setting up the major plot points without the reader ever realising. Most of the biggest twists and turns are subtly hinted at and this really rewards repeat readingsSo yeah, it's kind sloppy and boring at times, suspensful and engaging at others. It's set in an incredibly detailed almost to a fault and interesting world with plenty of intrigue and mystery. If you read a lot and get through books quickly then I wholeheartedly recommend, if you're a casual reader then there's other books worth your time.
As someone who's read most of them before knowing better, I'd say don't do it.  is absolutely right. You'd be way better off reading through, for example, Pinecone's whole catalog than wasting your time on game of thrones or anything similar.
oops, forgot pic
You know the whole point of ASOIAF is that there is no good or bad guys, right? The show tries to make it seem this way so it makes sense that people who never read the book but only watch the show think this way why aren't you on /tv/? but GRRM has been vocal of how much he disliked the "Good vs Evil" trope. It's why the POV strcture works so well because you end up getting the perspective of both sides and in many cases end up rooting for both sides. The show has shat all over this but the books are far more ambiguous.
your reasons 'it's great' are the same tropes every fantasy lover sprouts.every character has a backstory this is a given, all literature should involve character back-stories. just because he has a lot of characters and a lot of back stories does not make him readable.interesting world to explore an interesting world is nothing without an interesting reason to explore it. this is what adult fans of harry potter use as justification. first three books have very little reason to hateJesus, we're reaching here aren't we? you can only come up with two reasons why GRRM's works aren't terrible before you reach, 'well, it's not terrible.'POV styleGo awayknack for setting up major plot pointsYou mean the basic skill of a story teller? Fantasy genre-trash should just fuck off back to /tv/ where you all hope your lame excuse for escapism will get its' next pilot
You know the whole point of ASOIAF is that there is no good or bad guys, right?If GRRM isn't just plugging this bullshit line retroactively, why is he giving HBO spoilers that allow them to perpetuate the 'Good V Evil' trope, that he is deliberately trying to disengage his work from?
why is he giving HBO spoilers that allow them to perpetuate the 'Good V Evil' tropeSuch as?
yeah but so was many of tolkiens books,i mean he took 10 pages to describe the pipe and type of plant the hobbits smoked after fighting with the Ents in two towers

Yes, and there's a reason nothing Tolkien wrote is recognised as literature, in that he thought ten pages spent describing smoking was a good use of the reader's time.
He's giving them info so they don't have to wait for the books to finish.Not really sure where the cliched good vs evil trope is in that "article" though.
nobody recognizes tolkien as literature
nobody recognizes tolkien as literature
Nothing you said has convinced me I was wrong to have enjoyed reading the books. You do seem overtly hateful at a book series however. Are you projecting your hatred for your father onto me and my enjoyment of this book series? Or maybe it's your mother you hated. Either way I wish you all the best in finding a way to spend less of your time talking about things you hate and more time talking about the things you like.
Has anyone here read David Gemmell, specifically his Troy trilogy?As someone who's read a lot of fantasy and sci-fi although not exclusively, people's limited awareness of the genres always seem to become apparent when I asked why they found ASOIAF interesting or attractive, as opposed to other series they had read. Typically, it revolves around vague ideas of "oh, he kills off main characters - this maintains tension and is novel", or "he depicts dynastic struggle/political machinations, rather than binary views of good vs evil - this makes such a change from Tolkien!"Now, there is nothing inherently wrong with this, and this isn't GRRM's fault or even necessarily the fault of readers. But the above concepts have been done before and have been done better. The reason why I mention Gemmell's Troy is that Gemmell did this format in three decently sized books, without it becoming a bloat-fest of sublime mediocrity. Granted, one is historical fiction, the other epic fantasy and Gemmell died during writing, but Gemmell always struck me as an economical writer who was perfect for that type of book. Troy's pacing is excellent, has all the political subterfuge you'd want, while main characters develop ! and some are killed in a thematically strident fashion. But it said all it needed to say and nothing more.Is ASOIAF simply the one that got lucky? It always struck me, the more I think about the books, that it falls into the very same pit-falls that its proponents claim it avoids. I.e. being a long tract that apes Anglo-Saxon chronicles, and is in desperate need of prudent editing.
You are wrong, because:I recognize Tolkien as literature.Q.E.D.
so you're saying the man deliberately gave an institution information, knowing that they would bend it to fit their marketable paradigm of 'good V evil' and claims innocence, or are you saying that the man is so retarded, he thought the information would be used to build a separate world, distanced from his own paradigm of 'everyone is evil'?or is he just making shit up on the fly to assuage morons and make millions?i suppose the fact HBO call it 'GOT' rather than the individual titles of books threw GRRM
It seriously reads like something I would have written in elementary school. Not even joking, it's actually that bad. Except even I wouldn't have done that shitty onomatopoeia.
He's just collecting his shekels by giving them info he already knows.The show past s1 has only followed the books loosely, and they're going balls to the wall in the current season. Doubt GURM gives all that much of a shit seeing as it's not a recent thing and he probably also has a mega contract with HBO as advisor or some shit.
Buddy, if you didn't inherently feel wrong for enjoying the books in the first place, then there's nothing i could have done to help you, and i know that. Everything i said was, in an odd sort of way, for my own edification.Good luck with being a pleb, autist all of your days
What kind of stuff do you normally read, m8?
though surely we're not all naive enough to believe the novels are cannon over the television show?the more popular, the more marketed by the author, the more recent medium is most assuredly cannon
Best be trolling pal, Martin is a writer, judging him on some show is fucking retarded, and I suspect you know this too.
plebautistSay no more. I didn't realise you'd spent that much time on here that you actually say these things.
bullshit. You mean to tell me the Illiad hadn't been changed as it passed down through the centuries? And did the Athenian playwrights ask the Bard for permission, before satirizing his work?Hell no nigga.
he's a long-winded screen writer, who other, better, screenwriters are forced to simplify. Writer is a broad term, the act of pen to page hardly dignifies such a refined term.pleb and autist as modern terms shit all over, you know, the shitting scene
the act of pen to page hardly dignifies such a refined termIt does, actually.refined termDon't have enough fedora pics for this.
You can find one, I'm sure they more than fill your 'future novels' folder
No offence, but thinking that published authors aren't writers just because you don't like their prose is self-serving delusion of the worst kind.
what is your semantic difference between tolstoy and handford?
damn
Just because they're all authors does not mean there can't be differences in the quality of their works.As always, their works define them, and not whether they satisfy a person's arbitary definition of what it means to be a writer. Speaking of, what is your definiton of a writer?
notGRRMas a rule of thumb, anyone who doesn't make a mockery of his own audience as a means to accruing more $
they are not bad. They are long and not good. Long and not good is its own kind of bad. But its not the worst material page by page you will ever read. My major issue with his series is that you come away with nothing. Its just a grey mess at the end so farAnd no character seems to act according to their own heroic backgrounds or abilities or magic powers etc. His characters feel like normal people who got dropped into roles. While reading you will feel "is this worth it" the answer is no. Its not bad, but its bad.
It's an enjoyable read, in the same sense that Harry Potter is an enjoyable read. Enduring literature it is not. Still, of guilty pleasures it provides plenty.
The only meaningful posts in this thread, Opie.
100% this. Gemmell's Troy series is a perfect example of the same levels of character development, with twice as good pacing and atleast half better prose.GRRM has several issues with his writing, and the good parts such as the depth of characters, are not outstanding. The story is objectively good, although I would say that it isn't excellent. The world he has created however, is very good. Its a shame that he's writing it in such a painful way.
10/10
For all that is said about him, Tolkien knew more about the English language than anyone on this board. Whether or not his premise is insipid, that is. He's the foremost authority on Nordic languages in the literary world.
this. it reads like what I imagine a d&d novel would be like.
Explain why Proust is considered literature, then, since he spent 10 pages describing the steeple of a church.
They're a lot of fun. If you liked the worldbuilding in the TV series, then you'll like the books a lot. That dude likes to yammer on and on about shit. Some a lot, imo of his prose is laughably bad while still being very readable. I think what  said is spot-on. I'd like to add a caveat, though, which is that badness and readability aren't mutual. There's a lot of very absorbing genre fiction that's super easy to get sucked into. ¯\_ツ_/¯
Yep, that's what determines artistic worth - the amount of knowledge about Nordic languages.
It's well crafted and mindless, fun to read and obviously not going to challenge you to think in any new way.I'd rather read GRRM than Franzen or John Greene because I'm a great deal more interested in creative worldbuilding, but artistically I'd argue the three are of equal worth.
Umberto Eco wrote four pages of dense text in my edition describing a single painting and also a several pages describing the monastery and its architectureHomer wrote a short biography of literally every character that dies in his epics, no matter how irrelevant the character isBible describes lots of completely irrelevant genealogiesoy vey
sum worth - nil
dfw Infinite Jest does a better job at "world building" than GRRMA the Hutt or DFW's less talented friend
Curious, what would you say is a good fantasy novel?
She's a pretty shit-tier Marry Sue as far as Marry Sues go.
i just downloaded all the books and this thread is making me uncertain about reading them. fuck.
the ride never ends
Most people who are so critical are not inclined to open themselves up to similar criticism.
Marry SueEither turns into a zombie or dies at the start of the next book.
Because Penny the tumbling dwarf.Anyone? Anyone?Also it's fantasy writing. And it's just a remix of Osamu Tezuka's Buddha.
With way less tits and horrific violence.
If you have watched ANYTHING of the show, don't read these books. Not only will it impair you from your own personal world building, but you will also fucking hate it because of all the bloated repeated wording. I have to say, whoever the show writers are, I applaud them for developing the plot of the characters in a more coherent way than GRRM ever could have done with his skills. Now, as a reader, that shouldn't dissuade you from reading these books. They're still enjoyable and before I saw/heard anything about these novels, I was deep into it, now I can't get fucking Lena Headey or Dinklefuck out of my mind whenever I read about them in the book.I'll just have to settle for reading these again when I'm old and forget the show.
Unless you want to be a fantasy writer. Then you can see where GRRM falls short and do it better.
Lame
Accursed Kings is superior to A Song of Ice and Fire
would it be a good mental exercise to attempt forgetting the already built up world from the shows while reading the books?
I advise extreme caution. Strain too much and you will have an aneurysm.
I'm genuinely confused as to why did so much people became fans of the ASOIAF series. I mean, most of the story is about political shit in a fantasy world, and the author loves doing shit for the sake of shock value; and i thought people didn't liked that sort of stuff. Can you guys please explain to me what the fuck happened? Does it have something to do with it being also an HBO series?
The Last Unicorn is the best fantasy novel and if you disagree you're not only a pleb, but a faggot.
what type of man-child reads fantasy novels
Proles and plebs. And the one exception that is me.
She'll break her "spokes" ;
Sounds like oppression. I'd still pass it. Send in the firing squad, I'm ready. bangbangbangGo home, Martin!
checkmate
I'm not him but you may want to check out this guys reviews. 
Give them a try.I did, and by the time I was getting to the end of the first book/season I had realised that- the prose was abysmal this is not a meme- it was boring, long and with not enough contentand most importantly:- it added almost nothing to the series.I decided to enjoy a good series in HBO, rather than reading bad, boring prose for a story that's meh.[Addendum, for /tv/]Eventually I got angry at the series because of the major deus ex machina at the end of Season 4.
The way he uses curse words and repeats phrases that sound anachronistic makes the book read like a nerds version of fifty shades of grey. It's not good prose, it's just good soap opera plot fodder.I read them in like a month, which says something considering it's like 5000 pages. Most people that read like language a little more beautiful and challenging
Do you like the pulps but think they were too short?Do you think the Wheel of Time was awesome but needed *less* believable characters and double the page count?Do you think 'killing characters' = 'plot twist'?Are you fond of idiot plots?If so, sign right up.
Would you guys mind explaining what's bad about that passage besides the onomatopoeia? The rest of it looks unexceptional but just fine to me, but I don't know much about fiction writing
Haroooooooooo
The prose is stale and predictable and uses nothing but bland clichés. See  for a good example. GRRM and most of his readers probably thought that analogy was creative and descriptive because they've never read literature before.
tfw you fail to express yourselftfw nobody understands what you meant
first you must understand yourself
Literally, just read the greeks you fool.
tfw share your ideastfw he shows you a meme on reddit
tfw express yourselftfw no one even bothers reading ittfw your mentor literally quits contact right before you finish your work
You will never be able to communicate how you feel when you wake up from a romantic love dream
tfw you will never have a desert culttfw even if you had a desert cult it would lose its appeal after one weekend
Ehprs OP.
tfw your degenerate mother tongue is so butchered you can't properly express yourself without code-switching
posts no face
tfw the cold north wind will blow againtfw the winding road does call
tfw musique concrete maybe wasn't the best way to express myself after all
underrated postthis is the greater tragedy
“I will not be afflicted at men's not knowing me; I will be afflicted that I do not know men.
You're not trying to express yourself; you're trying to express your demons which you confuse with your self.The most perfect expression of man is the love that is in Jesus Christ which makes us free to truly express who we are as it is in our nature to love freely and abundantly, being made in the image of God.
describe an event indirectly"I was so confused, what happened?"tell directly what happened"Do you think I'm stupid?"
tfw you always either by habit or nature like to think things over in your head for a second or two before responding then they get insecure about my lack of engagement and say something else which I then like to think about as well then you see that they don't want to be in your physical vicinity because your gaze of realization about their anxiety coupled with the fact that I haven't responded because I now want to tell them to chill the fuck out but in a nice way and they then say something and leave quickly feeling judged and maybe a little inferior because of my inaction and perceived concentrated analysis of them And then I'm all alone and just wanted to initially say something casual chitchat in reply and then I'm all alone.

tfw lrn2red
"How odd it is that I can have all this inside me and to you it's just words."
When I understand something, I tend to see how lots of various elements fit together rather than a detailed look at one element. This makes it impossible for me to explain stuff in conversation without constantly going off on tangents :
tfw get close to people then push them away for no reason, like its a habit
iktfI think I may actually be bipolar...
That is a good image. Mind if I save it?
Or just a jackass.
Nah you're just unwillingly predicting the time when you'll be bored
Wtf r u talking about
tfw you slowly realize you are fundmentally isolated from the worldtfw you are the only person you will ever knowkek
I don't know what I think.Maybe I'm just stupid.I think they all know too, that I don't really understand all this.That's why they don't listen to me.I only speak when I'm lonely.
All true. Please never post again.
Sorry, stuck here I'm afraid.
tfw you fail to express yourself tfw academics, intellectuals, students, and artists debate what you meant for centuries
10/10
scot?
lel
I am a Christian and you are an apostolate
Why are 19th century authors so fucking pretentious?I'm reading The Twenty-One Balloons by William Pène du Bois and after only a page I'm sick of all the superlatives and bullshit about a retarded explorer "exciting the curiosity of millions", the whole world begging to hear his story, the President of the United States offering his presidential train so he can get to San Francisco ASAP, etc. I mean, what the fuck was wrong with writers at the time? Seems to me that they were high on their own farts. Their heroes are the most pompous faggots I could ever imagine.And don't even get me started on Jules Verne. That guy probably wrote his whole bibliography with the biggest and most prestigious dildo in history up his ass while thinking of Captain Nemo's infinite awesomeness.I'm not even sure if I'll make it through chapter two: "A Hero's Welcome Is Prepared". The last time a guy went up with a cluster of balloons he was called a retard, detained by the cops, and fined. A Brazilian fool even ended-up in the Darwin Awards after crashing in the Atlantic ocean, he didn't get no state funeral... these authors a reflection of the 19th century nobility? Was is that bad? If so, no wonder why the world is fucked to this day.
Not sure if I want to laugh or cry:"WHILE THE REST OF THE WORLD calmed dawn a bit, knowing that there would be no further news from ProfessorSherman until after the full five days it would take him to cross the country by Presidential train, San Francisco became wildwith excitement. There have been many instances of a home town giving its returning hero a rousing welcome. But neverbefore had a returning hero placed so much attention on his home town. San Francisco's reaction to this was to prepare forProfessor Sherman the most fabulous celebration imaginable. Professor Sherman was a balloonist. San Francisco wentballoon crazy. The railroad station was swathed in bunting, flags, and miniature balloons. The avenue from the rail- roadstation to the Western American Explorers' Club was lined with triumphant Corinthian columns, each surmounted by a braceof bright-colored miniature balloons. Ladies revived the balloon fashions in dresses which had been popular in France ahundred years before. Fat ladies gave up their diets. Everybody talked about "that round look." "
It's part of the charm. Don't read 19th century science fantasy if you can't handle the cheesy hyperbole.
People did get very excited about this kind of thing, if newspapers are to be believed. They just didn't have as much news coverage as us, and daily life was kind of shitty, while science was finding all kinds of cool shit all the time. Sure, they exaggerated quite a bit, but for their time and people it didn't sound pretentious.
how can you not like the 21 balloons? I saw the cover and blurb on the back when I was a kid and went "this'll be so boring." And then I read it and it was instantly my favorite book for months. It's like the perfect book for young boys.
Because 19th century authors knew how to have fun.
Yeah, I guess I just OD'ed on Jules Verne and the likes.That's true indeed. Explorers enjoyed the fame of today's pop stars, I guess.I just imagined what it would be like to read some Hollywood movies written by 19th century authors. I think I would die.
Hollywood movies written by 19th century authorsWe cannot have the exact thing but we have something almost parallel and it's called Bollywood.
Objectively The smartest human ever? If not, whom?
Lol. Stop making threads on this faggotThere are living people who are more smart
But David Lewis died 14 years ago
What does David Lewis have to do with anything?
Whom is the smartest human ever?Don't use the word whom if you don't know how to use it.
Objectively, any hooker.
He was literally an insane person lol.

literally a madman haha
Hasn't read Nietzsche's The Myth of Syphilis lol.
Whom are you talking to?
How do you suppose the smartest person is not a madman, samefag?
tripfags aren't exactly the sharpest crayons in the box
Nietzsche didn't believe in objectivity of value. Perhaps you should say perspectively the smartest person ever.
newtoneulergausseinsteinfeynman
Reminder that if Nietzsche had lived during the Middle Ages he would have been a harcore Christian.
Ad hominem.
tripfags aren't exactly the foulest stool in the pot
tripfags aren't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed
SOMEBODY
whom
do you have any idea what a fucking ad hominem fallacy is
depends on your definition of intelligence and what field of knowledge they toil in.
underrated post
Based Thomas
it's not surprising TBH, he had the Holy Spirit with him
scientists intelligent Top kek
I wish Nietzsche had been born later. Imagine what he could have done had he known of post Nash equilibria and Game Theory, modern cultural anthropology, and the like. The problem with Nietzsche is he anticipates much, but lacks a cogent framework with which to express his thoughts. He's a 20th century author trapped in the 19th.
not christopher nolan4u

Only insecure teenagers or man children care about either the question or the answer.
lacks a cogent frameworkthat's precisely the reason for his strength
It is evidence of original genius, yes, but it's also a hindrance from a strictly rhetorical standpoint. British critics have crucified him on the basis of their misunderstanding of his work, which poisons the viewpoint of those who do intend to read him, and turns off those who would presumably most benefit.
Sure do, little buddy. In this case it's how he derogated my being a tripfag instead of grappling with the topic at hand, e.g. answering the fucking question.
are you 16?
Statistically unlikely, to say nothing of the issues with the idea of "objective measures of intelligence".
Who cares? If people misunderstand him it's not his fault, if he's not accessible to certain groups it doesn't matter, if he only writes for the "initiated" who cares.I can only speak for myself but to get on any author's work there is a requirement of self-thought from you, yes, be it YA or some obscure philosopher, certain thoughts you have made yourself give you access to enjoying/comprehending the author, be it little kids thinking about heroism before reading some fantasy novel or thinking about the nature of morals for a phil. text.You can take a horse to the river, but you can't make him drink, and you certainly can't give him a mouth if he doesn't have one.
You can take a horse to the river, but you can't make him drink, and you certainly can't give him a mouth if he doesn't have one.You cannot speak of ocean to a well-frog-Zhuangzi
Noice. I'm gonna remember this one.
Newtoncool meme friend
Reminder the church was the only source of education for layman during the middle ages unless one was of nobility.
Von Neumann is whom I would put as one of the smartest.
Ad hominem doesn't apply for tripfags.Whoever who uses a name in a predominantly anonymous board is seeking for attention to some extent, biasing everything they say because they will focus to give some sort of character to his persona, even in detriment of his message.That's why most of the time they generate conflict, because when they're proven to be mistaken they try to stick to their identity, defending their point of views not because they have a reason to it but mostly because their identity is being threatened.This is a irrefutable truth.
Daily reminder that Nietzsche died a kissless virgin
HE FUCKED THE METAPHYSICS LIKE YO MOMMA DONT KNOW BOY!
died a kissless virgindied from syphilis
Me :^
He fucked a horse, that counts right?
you sir are a genius!
and? do we value people by how many women they fuck?
smartest human everanybody other than Carl Schmitttopkek. Hans Kelsen pls go
Not even close. And if you read what I said you'd notice I said no thing about intelligence. You, sir, are even more smartismart!
Educated people studying his death have determined that he actually died from Brain Cancer.
no, he got c@nzur b0$$
who is this
philosophers are smarter than mathematicians
Reminder that if my auntie had nuts she'd be my uncle.
A heartthrob of men who have no prospects in real life.
The evidence is conclusive. scholars have argued that Nietzsche’s dementia was caused bysyphilis. A careful review of the evidence suggests that this consensus is probablyincorrect. The syphilis hypothesis is not compatible with most of the evidence available.Other hypotheses – such as slowly growing right-sided retro-orbital meningioma –provide a more plausible fit to the evidence." new research was carried out by Dr Leonard Sax, the director of the Montgomery Centre for Research in Child Development in Maryland, America. Dr Sax made his discovery after studying accounts of Nietzsche's collapse with dementia in 1889. He was admitted to an asylum in Basle, Switzerland, and was initially diagnosed as being in the advanced stages of syphilis.According to Dr Sax, however, Nietzsche's notes show no signs of the symptoms which are now regarded as evidence of this disease, such as an expressionless face and slurred speech."Nietzsche exhibited none of these symptoms," said Dr Sax. "His facial expressions remained vivid, his reflexes were normal, tremor was not present, his handwriting after his collapse was at least as good as it had been in previous years - and his speech was fluent."Dr Sax added that in the late 19th century more than 90 per cent of those with advanced syphilis rapidly declined and died within five years of diagnosis. Nietzsche, in contrast, lived for another 11 years.According to Dr Sax, the suggestion that Nietzsche caught syphilis from prostitutes arose in 1947. In a book condemning Nietzsche's role in Nazi philosophy, Lange-Eichbaum alleged that a Berlin neurologist had once told him that the philosopher "had infected himself with syphilis in a Leipzig brothel during his time as a student there, and that he had been treated for syphilis by two Leipzig physicians".Despite the lack of documentary or medical evidence, the allegation has since been repeated without question by generations of academics, said Dr Sax. "Extraordinarily, this single passage in Lange-Eichbaum's obscure book is the chief foundation, cited again and again, that Nietzsche had syphilis."
Perseus Projectura
Nietzsche's genius is the tension between his shrewd psychological insight and his giddy German romanticism, or, in his terms, the tension between his Apollonian and Dionysian spirits.Aristotle was a better Apollonian and as for Dionysian, his fellow German romantic Novalis was superior.
whomyou stupid shit'whom' is not just an eloquent 'who'
Don't even use it in 2015
Yes, do use it, where appropriate.'Whom' has a valid function. Don't let the people who don't know how to use it destroy it.
What noble crap! he was tortured between 2 passionsWhere do you find this crap?
Whilst you use that I'll use the other.
C/lit/not assuming blatant grammar error is b8dfw
albert enisten :^
That's not Milton
Uh, that's now how whom is used. It has to be the object of a verb or preposition, like me or him are used.
putting Feynman above Heisenberg and FermiPleb
Middle AgesChristianO I am laffin
Alan Turing
Literally a cocksucker
My vote goes to Einstein or Turing. Newton would be second.
Einstein is overrated, especially when compared to Heisenberg, Fermi, Niels Bohr
You can feed the horse salty snacks making it desperate for water and they also give surgery to babies born without anuses all the time.You easterners are always so accepting of fate. Try to care about the outcome a little more and you might get somewhere.
Isaac Asimov, by his own admission:Isaac Asimov described Sagan as one of only two people he ever met whose intellect surpassed his own. The other, he claimed, was the computer scientist and artificial intelligence expert Marvin Minsky.
haven't you been told to stop thinking about baby's anuses?
They probably have one of those hotdog bun piercers and bounce the baby onto it.
Pessimist: He was born by long time ago. We did not memorize it. We were foolish.Optimist: He is will born in the future.
My vote is for Wittgenstein
probably some autistic savant locked in his basement forecasting the apocalypse through binary matricesthe world will never know
You missed Dirac.
I would say Newton though for being influential across so many fields.
, 
, 
any book recommendations like Steppenwolf and Werther which describe a human depressive by sickness?
Siddhartha and Faust
try reading Thomas Mann.
Thx for recommendations, but what I liked about Steppenwolf and maybe Camus The Fall was that they were really condensed. Not much other topics in those novels except the 'existentialistic' individual.
The Book of Disquiet.
No Longer Human
The Fall
this is the famous "new sincerity"
tybg
There's a new Reynolds out, anyone read it?
Why do some non-religious people think morality is objective?
Who knows, anon. Maybe they haven't listened to their Carmen cassette tapes all the way through.
Because they want it to be. People generally have opinions based on muh feelings.
Because they have read Kant and aren't fucking retarded.Also objective is an incorrect term. You're looking for realism.
Currently, there's two sets of morals. The substantial and based-religious morals or nihilistic relativism. There will always be certain grey areas in certain circumstances. However, at such point, the individual must step back to the substantial religious-based moral and not fall to the objective-moral darkness where, more or less, "anything goes".
anybody who thinks so care too much what other ppl think muh fear of social leprosy
However, at such point, the individual must step back to the substantial religious-based moralWhy does it have to religious? Surely we can come to a better base to pivot to and from.
I'm using 'religious' as a stern term to convey the type of moral. Religion has always been hand in hand with Order. A specific framework that the individual can always keep going back to, regardless of time and place. If that is not in place, then the individual has to make hasty decisions in the realm of relativism.
Kantthe guy whose moral argument uses GodBravo, faggot.
b-b-b-but muh synthetic a priori judgements
LOL schoppy fags please leave. nothing that depressed manlet omega assblasted faggot said is true.absolutely nothing
schoppy fagHow the fuck did you even deduct that I'm a schoppy fag? I hate Schopenhauer, his philosophy was shit, and he was shit.
Not him, but that was affirmed by Hegel too. I've got the very quote before my eyes.
OP, do you have the copy pasta about some poor siblings on Christmas morning which used to circulate around;it was about the simple things in life and something like that and was always accompanied by this picture.
Georg pls go.
Whatever happened to these people?
Maybe they got murdered .
They became a dank meme.
Because it is. If morality isn't valid without appeal to divine authority, it isn't valid at all.
They probably grew up to be unspoiled yet dry adults.
If morality isn't valid without appeal to divine authority, it isn't valid at all.My subjective ethical framework is entirely semantic, but it has a valid internal consistency. As does yours. And together we are capable of forming an inter-subjective semantic framework of ethical values.
Kant doesn't justify morality through god though, he uses god as a tool to connect morality and happiness, neither of which requires god on its own.
Indeed, and in using reason to create a framework that is valid for everyone, we have an objective morality.
internalKey word is internal. It's, still, self-validation -- circular reasoning, crutching on the belief that it's logical.
I imagine they're probably normal, well rounded adults without too much drama in their lives.
Key word is internal. It's, still, self-validation -- circular reasoning, crutching on the belief that it's logical.And? As long as my bayesian approach 'appears' coherent, that's all the justification I want. The same way I'm not going to dip my hand into a pan of boiling oil: I have a complex "internal" semantic framework set up to describe and process the perception of the action, and the result is a bayesian value of greater than 99% that it will really fucking hurt. Again, that's all I want, and I'm happy with it... and I won't be dipping my hand in the pan.
Okay. But imagine that the pan is only there because of your approach and if we forsake it we could invent a flashy space alien cooking utensil that cant burn you if we touch it. Progress is for those who venture. But then again we could make something that blows up the whole kitchen, so ....
Because divide command theory is just one of many theories representing moral realism?
My subjective ethical framework is entirely semanticAn ethical framework, whatever that's supposed to be, is never ever entirely subjective, nor can it be entirely semantic. What is it with analyticfags always assuming a cartesian subject as being able to account for much, if anything?
An ethical framework, whatever that's supposed to be, Usually the old good/bad dichotomy, or the spectrum of good/bad. is never ever entirely subjectiveI'm not sure of your angle on this one. Could you elaborate? I'm presuming you mean there are external factors influencing ones subjective model of reality, though I could be wrong. nor can it be entirely semanticEthics, and aesthetics too, are the application of a linguistic good/bad spectrum, and they exist exclusively in semantics. You can argue that a material event or action could be happening, but within that event is no inherent "badness." The badness is entirely within the semantic framework you describe the event with.
Guy here who contacted Todd the guy in the photo and found out the story.Pic related if you're interested.
because they don't think before they form opinions and speak
That's actually fantastic.
That's a load of bullshit metapjysiscs right there. First of all, morality does not consist of a conceptual description of reality that can be either accurate or inaccurate, but rather of normative judgments and, more importantly, imperatives to act.These judgments and imperatives do not assert themselves dispassionately, they wouldn't even take place without a passionate, almost somatic response.Finally, calling a semantic framework subjective is pants on head retarded, how are you even expected to talk to people.
Here's a photo of them and their kids.
Well I am an atheist, but also a fascist and I believe that an objective morality should be established for the good of humanity. This will be done by the Department of Culture and Morality.
Well done for doing that. That image has been around so long.
Just looked him up online. Seems like a normal dude. The story makes sense, too. This makes me happy.
What is that good of humanity? The department hasn't been established yet, how will it know on what principles to operate?
They look happy. Good for them.
You forget that proponents of Eastern dialectic propound a relativism that is not nihilistic, simply because such relativism has been intrinsic to their worldview since time immemorial. Thus the death of god is no serious blow, it does not necessitate a total rejection of former values and descent into nihilism.
mfw I didn't feel anything
I've lived overseas. Never once got the desire to buy my wife some Cap'n Cruch for Christmas.
No
First of all, morality does not consist of a conceptual description of reality that can be either accurate or inaccurate,This semantic accurate/inaccurate dichotomy was brought in by you, not me. If someone voices "boo to that act" as their subjective 'negative/bad' opinion of it, it is neither accurate/inaccurate external to whatever framework they are using. It can have internal accuracy at the subjective level, or the inter-subjective level if others are involved.For example, that Papua New Guinea tribe that practiced ritual cannibalism they would honor their dead by eating them didn't view their acts as "wrong." The Harvard anthropologists did. Why? Because both had differing semantic frameworks regarding the act, influenced by various things. The Harvard side had a refined semantic model of biology which included the Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease, and they had a framework influenced by their cultural/social history. Each individual anthropologist had a slightly different subjective perspective of the act, because they are different people, but the subjective and inter-subjective views of the anthropologists were obviously closer than the subjective and inter-subjective views of the tribal cannibals. but rather of normative judgments and, more importantly, imperatives to act.Oughts? Try getting into structuralism/deconstructionism and other 'map is not the territory,' 'nothing outside the text' fields. Your opinions are not necessarily at odds with contemporary thought, you just need to understand semantics. These judgments and imperatives do not assert themselves dispassionately, they wouldn't even take place without a passionate, almost somatic response.I think this discussion and I'm honestly not trying to be offensive is a little over your head. Nobody is arguing that anything material doesn't exist and *everything* is language, just that language is not the material it describes. There are no Aristotelian essences inside things, we overlay our semantic descriptions and form and refine semantic models.
Depends. I live in Africa, and would be more happy to get a block of cheese than a television.
Because utilitarian morality based on mutual rational self-interest is objective.For instance, it's an absolute fact that prohibitions on murder and theft provide a measurable economic benefit to individuals that outweighs the benefit that they would gain from being able to kill and steal in a world where others also enjoyed that freedom.
Because we are anonymous?
Good bait
Right, because you have nothing to plug the television into.Move somewhere that isn't ridiculous.
No, you'd sell the television and buy a lot more cheese, unless you live in the middle of the fucking desert that is.And unless you were at an immediate risk of starvation you might as well keep the tv either way.
But what is the objective basis for saying that maximizing utility is the goal of morality?
Self preservation.
You know that the vast majority of contemporary philosophers are moral realists, right?
in Israel
most normcore ensemble i have ever seen jerry would clap
And why do some religious people believe that, without their God, life is pointless? This is terrible bait 0/10
realismNot objective.
Why do lefties deny objective moral superiority? Is it not proven by evolution and the death of the weak and the conquest of the strong?
Teleology and virtue ethics
I don't see how you could say some hideous like child rape is morally right. Makes no sense
Cash rules everything around me, cream. Dollar, dollar bills, you all!
It's actually a continuation of Christian thought. Christian thinkers believed that reason was a gift from God that could determine objective knowledge. They thought morality was an actual aspect of the universe. During the Enlightenment this thought was carried into the realm of secularism and people thought there was an objective way of doing everything. But now in the post-modern era we know that reason is only a tool like science, it does not reflect how the world operates, but how humans conceive of it operating - it is projected onto the world, is not some sort of connection to an abstract "objective reality", and it tells us nothing about how to act. Morality is not out there somewhere, it is created from within us.
Right, you just set yourself up for OP's unspoken punch line.
I'll be waiting.
The idea that morality is "created from within us" is the point OP's getting at. Christianity would say that God creates a standard or morality that's fixed, while your idea is that it just kind of exists because you said so.
Well, I expounded his point.
oh stop it
tfw you will never have a cute gf who is content with getting notebooks, some floppy disks, and a box of Cap N' Crunch for Christmas.Eli, Eli, lama sabanchtani?
muh feelings.muh fear of social leprosyb-b-b-but muh synthetic a priori judgementssure is /pol/-lingo in here
narcissism
Literally a militant atheist told me ''because I feel it inside me and everybody else does too''
Because they are retards.
yes, and?
The good of humanity will be a compromise between progress, personal happiness, and societal stability. Kind of like a social contract theory.The department will take a broad view of human life throughout the ages and take what is good and purge what is bad for the type of society that we are trying to create.
What exactly makes not working such a bad thing? As long as you can still survive comfortably, I would think the primary drawbacks would bethe possibility of feeling uselessbecoming an outcast, hated by working people and not having the social connections a job can give you nothing really stopping you from not doing anything I notice that I tend to be more creative and more productive when I've got shit to do- it makes the feeling when I get started on a creative project or practicing music or something feel like 'OK, I don't have much time to do this but fuck it I am going to do it'
well fuck if you can "still survive comfortably" then by all meanswhat's your secret m8?
Did everyone read the entire James O. Incandenza filmography?
Infinite Cage. Fun w/Boats. Joelle was actually burned with acid.
filmographyread
I did. Much of it was senseless but is quite the kind of shit a director like him would come up with. If you are going to endure the Infinite Meme at least have the decency of reading the god damn end notes.
I can't afford a teleputer and all those cartridges. I be cry.
Of course. It's a four page footnote or something, why would you not read it? I really don't get it.
Looks like someone didn't "get it". For shame.
Nah, I "got it", but I'm talking about the movies' contents. Nothing that hard to understand.
antsworth classics
Is this a Jest for ants?
yes. my favourite ones are the Cages.“Cage II” - B.S. Latrodectus Mactans Productions. Cosgrove Watt, Disney Leith; 35 mm; 34 minutes; black and white; sound. Sadistic penal authorities place a blind convict Watt and a deaf-mute convict Leith together in 'solitary confinement,’ and the two men attempt to devise ways of communicating with each other. LIMITED CELLULOID RUN; RE-RELEASED ON MAGNETIC VIDEO“Cage III - Free Show” - B.S. Latrodectus Mactans Productions/Infernation Animation Concepts, Canada. Cosgrove Watt, P.A. Heaven, Everard Maynell, Pam Heath; partial animation; 35 mm; 65 minutes; black and white; sound. The figure of death Heath presides over the front entrance of a carnival sideshow whose spectators watch performers undergo unspeakable degradations so grotesquely compelling that the spectators’ eyes become larger and larger until the spectators themselves are transformed into gigantic eyeballs in chairs, while on the other side of the sideshow tent the figure of Life Heaven uses a megaphone to invite fairgoers to an exhibition in which, if the fairgoers consent to undergo unspeakable degradations, they can witness ordinary persons gradually turn into gigantic eyeballs. INTERLACE TELENT FEATURE CARTRIDGE #357-65-65
how does one make the fake wordsworth covers?
eh, too big, you can see the poor shopping
Photoshop, mspaint, or gimp I guess?
I made the IJ one and the GR one in paint.net. It's just a simple cutting and pasting, removing the background. Hardly complex stuff.
Yeah it's not perfect, and I didn't align the title properly, so it's a little off and it's driving me crazy now. Although you can blame it on wordsworth if you like.
i thought the filmography was one of the more clever parts of the entire book
It is my favourite
The Gravity's Rainbow one was a lot better.
for me it was second to the recovery house brawl Emmet? Ennett?
not reading the end notesA lot of his movies were based on events that really happened to him
What are some classics of edgy literature? Stuff along the lines of Naked Lunch, Crash, de Sade, Bataille, and pic related, of course.
Pynchon and DFW can be "edgy" in their worst moments and they definitely have an influence on newer edge.American Psycho, Tropic of Cancer, and Journey to the end of the Night can all fit the bill, I think.
...but...like...why'd he turn into a bug?
Industrialism
bug is ickykafka was ickythe bug is kafka
Shhh-shhh-shhh....Don't ask what cannot be answered. It will drive people mad
plot device? would the novel be the same if it were more realism and he broke his legs or something?The zeitgeist of the time was modernism.
whyWhy why?
why was he a human in the first place. why did gregor exist or have a job. riddle me thatactually though its capitalism
I think Russians just have a particular distaste for bugs. I'm sure if it were written in bingbongistan he would have transformed into a cup of stale tea or whatever.
Best Metamorphosis cover
he was the definitive involuntary neet who society eventually overcame, i cry everytime
because the story of gregor turning into a roach was good representation of what an alienated person feels like. 12th grade shit bro. if you weren't on your 12th grade shit in 10th then u lackin'
Man I fucking suck at being an intellectual. What am I even doing? I hate Homer! God, this is so boring! I can't read Latin but I have to constantly pretend I do. Fuck, my life is a lie.Ugh, what's this, another stupid intellectual book. Probably has a thousand references to dead poets I won't get. I just want to do morphine. "Kafka". What a stupid name. DURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR I'M A BUG ISN'T THAT CRAZY XDDDDDDD I don't think this book references anything. I can't find anything. It's just weird. Why is it so weird?It's short too.Hey, maybe if I pretend it's really good, and full of hidden things that only I get, I won't have to pretend to like all those ACTUAL things in stuffy aristocratic literature. HEY GUYS! DID YOU KNOW THE TRIAL IS AN ALLEGORY FOR THE EXISTENTIAL ENNUI OF BUZZWORDS? I GET IT! STOP READING THAT PLUTARCH, THIS IS MUCH MORE IMPORTANT, AND MUCH DEEPER! IT'S SO DEEP YOU CAN'T EVEN GET IT! BUT I GET IT.that feel when literature is dead
Speaking about not getting the point at all.DFWOh, now I understand.
kafka had an irrational fear of being "hideous" or "repulsive" to other people. He looked like a sickly kid as an adult so that might have contributed to it.
It's a metaphor ;*puts cig in mouth
He seemed pretty calm about it too, he was all like oh i'm a bug nowI think i'll go nap for a bit and then go to work
zeitgeist of the timeCan this please be a meme?
Done. :^
kafka's symbolism can be boiled down to jewish neuroticism
Because it makes for a good story.
That movie is such a cancer. If it is more popular, it would be a fetish of english teachers everywhere.
hating on coen bros kill urself my man
KafkaRussian
In English the story's more or less about a man who selflessly wants to pour out his effort into his family and in return is used up and discarded in return. None of this is very hard to understand.
I don't hate on Coen brothers. Just this one particular movie, because it is such a pretentious empty arthouse bullshit.
also why did his dad try to kill him by throwing apples at him
It's not arthouse and it's not pretentious The film is mocking pretentious people
he feelus da apple there to get him but it there onli from dad frustrating ya dig
wat
it is such a pretentious empty arthouse bullshit.Watch it again. The film is unforgivingly cruel to Barton Fink, but it is super-subtle. The film seems on first viewing to depict Barton as the only smartie in a sea of dumbos, and also the only one with real work to do. There are very tiny touches that show he's actually arrogant, talentless, and doesn't listen to anyone so understands very little. It's not a celebration of the promising, young author. It's a condemnation of idealistic clowns with more airs than actual talent. It puts egg on the faces of wannabe writers much like Confederacy of Dunces does, even if it's far more masked in doing so.One of my favorites from the Coens, if not the favorite.
Just because it mocks pretentiousness doesn't mean it's not pretentious itself. I found nothing valuable to take from the movie, and when I went to look up some of the interpretations on the web, I was quite frankly disgusted. E.g. someone wrote that the figure of Jack Lipnick was supposed to be a complex allegory to fascism. I mean, what the fuck? Yeah, of course, this here character was resemblent of a fascist dictator, but what's the value in that? How does it relate to the plot of the movie? What are you going to take from it once the movie's over? How is it not just the most basic, pretentious way of giving the flick some pseudo-intellectual tinge so later pretentious dipshits can go around, bragging about how deep it is?
You're exactly the sort of person I was writing about in here 
My translation said 'vermin.' I thought he was a giant rat?
brodid u even read itrats dont have many legs and an armored back and cant climb on ceilings and wallsand the charwoman calls him a dung beetlethere is no way you could freaking think he was a rat
You don't kafka yell at me.
literally the title
i still want an answer to this
the pretentious delivery is a meta reference to the protagonist's outlook on life Birdman did the same thingand there WERE allegories to fascism in the film: the italian and german police officers questioning and mocking Barton a jew
Yeah, you're right. You just convinced me the movie is terrible. Man, you're the only smartie in a sea of dumbos.
Okay. Whatever. Just tell me man, what do you get out of watching that movie?Also Birdman is utter shit too, by my two cents.It really seems that way, doesn't it?
Kafkanot goodPleb
Also Birdman is utter shit too It sounds like you're afraid of the fact that maybe you're self absorbed and pretentious
Could be. However, could you please tell me what exactly does that have to do with me not liking the movie? Or rather, what's there to like about it?
zeitgeist of the timeA TAUTOLOGY MY FRIEND YES WORDS ARE SUCH TRICKY THINGS THEY SLIP THROUGH OUR LIPS LIKE WATER THROUGH OUR HANDS YES MY FRIEND SO CURIOUS THEY ARE SO DEVILISH HOW I LAUGH AND HOWL TOWARD THE MOON READING THIS IN THE DARK OF MY CAVE
A-are you a Weaver?
A WEAVER OF DREAMS PERHAPS YES MY FRIEND PERHAPS A DREAMER OF WEAVES BUT ARE WE NOT ALL HERE FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS, AUTHORS AND BROTHERS, SPINNING A YARN AND SPITTING A TALE TO BE STITCHING TOGETHER A QUILT OF OUR QUARRIES OH HOW MY CACKLES ECHO OF THE WALLS OF THE CAVE MY FRIEND
What I don't get is where did the apple get stuck on his body? Do roaches have a soft spot in the middle of their back?
I just figured if you scale up chitin it'll be more fragile so an apple could conceivably break it and get stuck.
this is pretty good tbh. weave on, friend. spin the dreamweb or whatever. what the fuck did those disembodied left and right hands have to do with the rest of that book btw
I once read a post on here where someone said they honestly wish that Kafka had lived to experience the holocaust because of what he would write about it. and in answer to your question, OP, shit happens.
You three are autistic arent you...
you are such a mongoloid
Nah, I'm just not used to big ass bugs
Maybe he was a superrat?
it's about homosexuality obviously
They're valid questions and if you think otherwise you're an ignant fuck
I read somewhere that it had to do something with mental sickness. The way he described the character was the same way that psychologist at the time would describe their patients
Well,i think it's meant to show how irrelevant he was for the rest of his family,he was only seen as the guy who brought in money and no one notices his transformation.Think about the title ,,metamorphosis" implies a slow transformation,indirectly it implies that he had been slowly turning into a bug yet noone noticed/cared until it was complete
Turkish one is also pretty good.
it captured the feeling of alienation pretty well. nothing is disgusting yet inconsequential the same way an insect is. any other interpretation is reading too deep I think
what is this meme
Sounds like a pretty reasonable concern tbh.
go to bed REI
Fuck you REI your blog a shit!
You're hopeless
i'm definitely missing somethingwhat is the weaver
No other book has caused so much impotent rage in me
it's a character in Perdido Street Station that talks like that
I like this book, but I noticed two flaws. Communism is seen as flawed because its goal is a "Pie in the twenty-second century." As in a utopia will eventually reached,but not now. But wouldn't anywhere that tried to adopt a Pala-like society also take a long time to do it?Also, he says Augustine had a schoolmaster and parents who beat him to make him Christian. If you read confessions, you know this not true.He also says Augustine supported the "wholly other" idea of God. Didn't he like the Plotinust idea of the good/God within one'self?Sorry this is poorly written. drugs.
A utopia is impossible while people have free will. The only way to achieve a utopia is by removing the human element. Eliminate free will, force conformity. Eliminate the id through drug induced hysteria.
Have you read Brave New World of Island?
But wouldn't anywhere that tried to adopt a Pala-like society also take a long time to do it?Not really at least not compared to the time needed to adapt for full communism and to achieve all of its goals. Transforming to a Pala-like society would just require about a decade if the majority of a countries citizens and the people in its gov. were fully for it. A large part of it would in educating the next generation.Of course it would be easier and work better in small-sized nations that are relatively culturally homogenous like Finland or New Zealand
Welcome to /dfw/, a subreddit dedicated to discussion for people who regularly write. What are you writing?Here are a few things to get the conversation going:What are you currently working on?How many words did you write today?How long do you think your current project will take?How do you support yourself as a writer?Where do you live?What do you do besides write?The meme of the day is pic related.GOGOGOGOGO
woah, what's going on?
I'll start.What are you currently working on?I'm working on a novel.How many words did you write today?I wrote 638 words today.How long do you think your current project will take?It will probably take me a few months to finish the first draft. The editing will take a few months too.How do you support yourself as a writer?I support myself by programming.Where do you live?I live in Chicago.What do you do besides write?I like reading too, and skateboarding.
John Green is a cuckold.
dfw? did someone say dfw?
Few poemsIdk, maybe a dozen and a half lines of poetrya month or twoselling drugssouthern floridagraffiti, read, work out, paint, music, basketball, party
currently working on an ongoing comedic slice of life fantasy fiction.today i wrote 2400ish words. i know i posted this elsewhere, but it's exciting to find yourself in the mood.i would like it to go on for a month or so at this pace, maybe two. i would learn a lot from the experience.i don't support myself. i'm a neet.i live in the southern united states.i read, garden, and make art.
How is selling drugs going? Why would you admit that online?
By poetry do you mean rap?
Two short stories.One I posted about in another thread yesterday so I'll leave that for now.I wrote the first draft of another one just a few hours ago. I read a short story from a 2003 issue of The Paris Review by a fellow called Salter and decided to emulate it, based on my recurring daydream as to what a conversational exchange with my ex would be like if I were to run into her unexpectedly at some hilariously innocuous event. I took it a step further though and allowed it to become meta, and behind the lines or transcending the lines really is the conscious attempt of the writing to challenge the perceived relationship between reader and writer; what's based on a true story; what do the reader and writer want to be a true story; and what's fiction. It's quite clever, the twist is rather cleverly done. It's rather succinct and inconspicuous, but definitely powerful when you realise Just What It Means.Sorry that this post is sort of meandering, I ended up thinking aloud there.
I'm imagining you muttering to yourself as you wrote this post.
I kid you not, as soon as I clicked 'post' I turned on my bedroom light, picked up my a4 pad and started writing notes based on what I just wrote.I am very hopeful for these two stories though, they're better than anything I've thought up in a good while. I'm going to write them to a final draft form and try to get them published, at least.
Why would you admit that online?
I'll biteWhat are you currently working on?A fantasy novel!How many words did you write today?800~How long do you think your current project will take?A month and a half, depends on my writing speed.How do you support yourself as a writer?hahahaWhere do you live?A megacity, so finding quiet writing time is toughWhat do you do besides write?read ofc, that's why I'm /lit/
why the FUCK is /dfw/ not david foster wallace
I'm trying to finish my retarded little ~25,000 word novella. I've written 1,500 words today and its going to need to be at least 30,000 before its done considering the way it has been paced so far. Its memecore as fuck too so hopefully I can rake in mad stacks of irony cash once its all done.
hey dfw, how do you take something like an urban legend with no "plot" so to speak of and turn it into a story?
What are you currently working on?A novel, well fragments of one.How many words a dayzeroHow long do you think your current project will take?A year or twoHow do you support yourselfI'm a student, so a job supplemented with loansWhere do you live?TexasWhat do you do beside write?$moke weed.
You're talking about Slender Man.
dfw they steal your name
mfw saw pic in OP and immediately misread thread title as 'daily fraud writing'
What are you currently working on?A sci-fi novel about a privatized time traveler who sells his service to a pharmaceutical company for R&D that turns out to be reviving extinct diseases into a bioterrorism campaign they will profit from. Time traveler questions himself for being a part after it becomes national news.Twist: Time travel steals from you full life span, Average life span of 75 gets cut down a year or so at a time every time you go attempt it.How many words did you write today?Not that much, just added to my outlines a bit. It is my day off from writing.How long do you think your current project will take?I'd give it a few months. Maybe 6 total.How do you support yourself as a writer?I'm a student. I work part time in a hotel during the semester, full time when I'm off. I also has a second job as a dog trainer.Where do you live?Philadelphia suburbWhat do you do besides write?I play several music instruments and a volunteer sports official/umpire for local little leagues/PAL sports/and CYO leagues. In any spare time that I'm not writing, I'm with my family and occasionally help my dad repair or restore antiques.
subredditI'm alarmed that nobody caught this. Can't reddit just stay on their own board? Why do you have to come here?
What do you think of this contemporary philosophical treatise, /lit/?
/r9k/Stopped reading there.
/r9k/
Normalsstop this meme
FUCK OFF LOSER
Hope you're not being serious. /r9k/ is direct a wire to the mind of the lonely beta, true investigation material for works about madness like, say, American Psycho
using "beta" unironicallyThis is why I stopped reading when I did.
Go post some frog pictures, faggot/r9k/
Write what's on your mind
"If this thread was on reddit, I would downvote it"
これメルドは何ですかHeeeeeyaheeeeey, koremerdewanandesuka?
These chicken fingers are delicious Plato's early dialogues are surprisingly fucking tedious holy shit I love Star Trek even though to be honest like half the episodes are pretty shitty
Steve McQueen jumped the first one clean, but the great escape he'd tried to make was not to be. Maybe next time, Steve.
 macaronic languageO dieu qu'il m'a donnée la souffrance have mercy on me. O lawd
the regan girl /lit/ is obsessed with started coming here yesterday is a shittier version of fantano with a weirder, more sexualized cult-following, and a very less nuanced intellectual grasp of the art she's reviewing than fantano has.
would hang out withhave you read euthyphro
in fairness, I've been coming here for years, and this is literally the first time I've seen this personyou're not wrong, tho
"Something interesting should happen already"
started coming here yesterdayProve it mister.
I wish I enjoyed readingas much as I enjoy reading the Internet. It's embarrassing.
first impressions of /lit/:1. dfw is nothing more than a meme2. everybody loves themselves some buzzwords3. YA is pathetic, and john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoying4. existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.
Ditto friend.
She's not trying to be fantano or even a shitty Marcel with some sort of critical aspiration. She's just some person talking about books she likes and /lit/ losers fap to that.Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"
I have an appointment in the afternoon, I don't know when.If I fail to attend, these people will stop the money I get from the government for being a shut-in with behavioural problems.This is fair, as I've entered into a contract with them, however, I'm not as concerned about this as I'm told I should be.As I retreat more into my own personal fantasy, it becomes harder to concentrate on real things, and they begin to seem distant and unimportant, like that scream from the street that you shut out at four AM, and turn over in your bed to forget.I'll miss the money, next week, of course, but I can rationalize it all away, even knowing deep down I just didn't want to get out of bed.
I'm excited to read more books.
I like reading and writing, so why does english class suck classical english dick so much?
Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"relative to that chick, yes. honestly though, he devotes a ridiculous amount of time to music, and has cultivated a fantastic sense of taste which he always backs up logic and thoughtfulness. I might not always agree with him, but I always can always be like "hm. I understand where he's coming from."
I just finished reading The Metamorphasis, In the Penal Colony, and numerous other Kafka short stories. I feel like I have a solid grasp on them, but am putting off starting The Trail because while I find his works to be extremely high quality, I don't really enjoy reading them.I always like reading non-fiction, the news, or textbooks because I am interested by events, I just have a hard time getting into a story that really has no bearing on the real world, but idk maybe I'm a giant fucking pleb ;^/
The dfw memeing is post-post-irony
Today at work a guy who had quit was visiting to say hi and when I went up to greet him he was very unfriendly to me and I can't stop thinking about this it's really bothering me ..
nearly this same thing happened to me yesterday. Except I think I was the mean one. I can't tell a lot of the time
I'm starting to fall for the other woman.
I don't really believe a thing she says. Another girl is involved and, while I look forward to interrogating her a real skill of mine, I almost don't want to hear what I know to be the truth I told myself that if it turns out she wasn't lying, I'd really go for her and treat her right. But I think that's just a part of the game I play with myself. Life is lacking in momentum. Though I have a tendency toward control and hunger for knowledge I've used a girl not liking to admit she's raped as a control experiment to see if she was lying about something else, going back and forth between the two, I've realized that a visceral life is more stimulating I think the favorite moment in my life so far was a year ago. Being drunk for a few days straight, each sip feeling amazing. She was this good looking, kind of man eating slut that I was intimidated by. We were listening to a lot of Lana Del Rey that day and she'd sing along 'RyAnn!' replacing the song's 'My Mann'That morning we had woke up at 3am, drunk, and started drinking. She said she was never going to get married, and I told her I was going to marry her. That day she called her mom and said she was going to marry meI don't think I've ever loved anything as much as I loved her that daySoon after the story above I lost my job, then, because of the girl, I kind went crazy, got 5150'd and kicked outThis habit of mine might get in the way of my urge to make money, but I think the thought of doing this on a grander scale is arousingI found it weird that he was a fag
I should go to sleep so I'm not so tired that I show up late to my new job again. I really want to play some games though.I really want to fuck my roommate/ex HS crush again. Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?I really want to fuck in general, actually, but she's around and we've fucked before, sooo...I should read something so I can participate in /lit/ discussions at some point. Or at least recognize who's spewing bullshit more effectively.I'm experiencing mental tension with my job even though the work isn't slimy or even profiting anyone directly yet. This may be a broader tension with working in general. This may be a broader yet tension with having a consistent schedule and approaching financial comfort. That shouldn't produce tension, should it?My poetry feels like a waste of time but I'm still compelled to write.
I have a strong desire to start writing short stories but lack the experience to even know where to start and have to much fear of producing shallow trash.
should I close this thread or reply to somebody's post? I feel like telling the poster above me that a journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step, but I guess I won't. Oh well, I hope they figure it out on their own. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now.
"I was frozen, today"With Debussy in the background

I feel kind of guilty for not reading anything in a long time. I feel like if I bought an e-reader it would motivate me, but I can't really justify spending the money on a new gadget I might not even use much. I'm pretty torn.
What if Las Vegas wasn't just a tourist trap, but a time traveler trap?
Das it manI was at about 45min
Sıkılmak bile sıkıcı değil artık
That didn't come out like I wanted it toAndnot liking to admit she's been* raped
I need to be provided with structures. I'm only interested in discussing structures. Otherwise I'm wasting my time. I need a structure to overcome a break up. After years of... I felt the urge to hit 'esc' and not post this because I was afraid my post would be trite. Imagined another man groping my ex gf boobs and this made me feel grief and loss. Brainless. Brainless tumor. Being stuck in these kinds of grief makes your world smaller. You start caring about small things. You forget your purpose, you forget how to feel. You won't be famous or remembered if you keep paying attention to this. Ok. I don't know how to cope so... should I ask my mother about this again? Not confessional prose again, please, at least don't make judgments or statements. Only facts. You abandoned your friend, maybe he felt the way you feel now. Maybe mabye ah bah bah bah. Feeling trite. I was negligent. To be interested in structures and to need structures makes me prone to be a victim of trite things. Again, that's a judgment but I'm not sure. I can't discern. Never read the Greeks. Ok, I get it. Those give you the fundamental structures. You've been wasting your time. Nobody has time for that. Not me. Excuses. All of them. Just kill yourself. Forget about killing yourself. That's not a thought you can rely on. You don't always want to kill yourself. Uncertainty in the brain almost perpetually. Just forget about it. Self-help sentiments. Is that what... Uh.
Is part of the pain due to the persuasive lie that we have personal agency in the forms of liberty, equality, freedom, etc.? Like Zizek claims with his story about the traditional authoritarian boss vs. the modern friendly boss: the pain of forced cooperation against your interests under the threat of punishment is easier to handle than the pain of someone convincing you that you WANT to work against your interests. Big Brother doesn't whip you until you comply, he bores into your brain and controls your thoughts. He CHANGES you.Failures of design and circumstance have been transferred onto us. Serfs never had to worry about getting ahead. It was made very clear that they never would. When modern systems fail us, it is in fact OUR FAULT. College is too costly? Work harder. Go into debt. Or you are a huge loser failure. You don't want to be a loser. You love to work hard. You are fine with payments. You love to learn new things. Can't miss out on those college parties!Why can't they lay it out bare? It will actually hurt our feeling less. YES we require a degree to hire you. YES we are jacking up tuition to build a football stadium. YES the professor has a new edition of his handout that you can only get at the university bookstore. Give it to me straight, Mr. Dean! I don't want this, you wan't this. HR wants this. They are scrambling my brain up and making me feel bad.
I woke up early and I feel bad, although I'm not sure why. I need to go to an interview at a university I really want to go to and I'm rather anxious about not making it, albeit there's no reason for me to be doubting that I won't.I am also forced to do work-related recreational things because my boss insists that if we would it'd help our ability to work. Things like sports and such.
Last time I saw her, she had "say yes" written in sharpie on her left arm. A cloth bracelet that had a sewn patch on her right. She must have sewn it in herself, it said "love" in a cursive pink. She told me she used to be a candy kid, and I could tell by her mannerisms that she'd never hurt a thing in the world, except maybe herself. To see her smile the way she did tore me in two, but not in the bullshit teenager way. This was a full grown this-girl-is-basically-married-and-will-never-see-me-in-that-light kinda way. And here I am crying about it in a mongolian yurt making factory, in some sort of stupid and confused frenzy that I can't express anywhere else in the world. On the other hand, I want to feel this way. I want to take all of the nice feelings of love and just concentrate them in a person I can't ever be with. That way, I can focus on my work. It doesn't help me sleep at night, but having a tiny corner of my life where I can just bury all my feelings is the easiest way to avoid feeling brokenhearted, or abandoned, and in a way, lonely. Because I accepted all of these things at least a year ago, I accepted that's how I'm going to feel and goddamn it, I'd rather move on with my life and try to create something with some sort of artistic merit than try to cure those feelings.Maybe next time i'll choose not to see her at all
that feel when no gf
You mean you didn't mean to sound like a complete asshole, or that you did mean to sound like an asshole? You actually come across as just an asshole.
This, basically. It saves you a lot time and effort. USE IT.
The last few months I've been progressivelly feeling more and more that I should, nay that I need to find someone to love. That wouldn't be all that bad in itself, but I also feel like everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by basic people. It's not that I don't have fun or enjoy the stuff I do...it just feels like months since I talked to a real person. And it's all the worse that I have this image, this anima, haunting me - I fall for every other chick I meet, only to realize over and over that there's nothing mysterious or interesting about her, her or her. I'm affraid of the possibility that nothing can compare to the bizzarely numinous experience I had the first time falling in love.I don't know, maybe the problem is that I'm slowly unbecoming a person myself - too lost in my books and wild theories of the reality, I become distant from what was once relevant. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I'm either a schizo or pratyekabuddha - either way, I'm fucking lonely, with just my family of the dead to keep me company.
She is my spliced half. My heartrate spikes and I start to fidget when thinking of her. She has restored my faith in the human capability for romantic love, and I can't have her because I am in a loveless bond with a person I cannot stand that lives two hundred miles away from me.I should buy milk and fish. My omega-six levels are dropping and they are necessary for proper brain function as they balance out the already-prevalent omega-three fats present in grain products and red meat.Maybe killing myself will solve both of these problems.
What is post post irony?
why the fuck can't I quit porn/fappingjesus christ I don't understand why this is so goddamn hard for me. either I'm bored and have too much time on my hands so I fap or I feel like shit for one reason or another and I need to fap to feel better. I guess I lack willpower. don't know how I'm supposed to build some up.bleh
Is this a true account?
You're depressed and bored, man. Put yourself on a schedule, start working out, get 3 hours of sun/fresh air every day. I cut it down to 3x a week, which is the minimum if you don't want to get prostate cancer. You can do it.
You're devolving into an infantile state of shutting out the world stimulus in order to create your own zone of artificial stimulation that is also not uncoincidentally directly linked to and controlled by your survivalist genes of procreation. Never mind the fact that you're tricking yourself -- that every attempt made to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.Every attempt to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.
I think experiencing different aspects of life creates depth, and that fulfilling desires creates wisdom You not wanting to possess a girl is too self defeatist, and speaks about how little you strive for, which is indicative of how far you won't goI feel like getting 'structure' from outside sources, especially needing to, especially wanting to get it from the greeks is for stupid people who will never be greatLooking for process for process's sake. I'd rather look for greatness, look for what makes sense, and let process eventually come from thatThen there's people like Joyce who genuinely think that their rapid, mindless expressions are is itself a worthy process. Everyone thinks he's great, but that isn't why. It's from the confidence it takes to think your fly by the moment thoughts are artWhen I was younger, tripping on acid, I was talking to this guy also tripping. Because of how socially inept I was, I felt that being overly cartoonish was a good way to connect with people. I sensed him mock me so I hit him in the stomach and brought my focus inward instead of trying to socialize with that faggot. Then.. he thanked me. I didn't pay attention to why, because I knew the real reason. No one knows what the fuck they want, and they're happy to be a part of the exercised will of someone that does, even if it's negative. To experience that gives them a moment of clarity and purpose, and the fact is, I doubt the greeks were much different And I definitely echo your thoughts on grief. For me it's obsession over a girl, I lose myself Idk, it just didn't I post like that often, sometimes it's right, sometimes it isn't
That one good post on lit tiday. Have a good one mate.
Bottom link onWas meant for youI didn't have enough direction in the post. It's easier when I say stories, then to go into detail how I feel, or go into too much detail about past events
After kicking coke and painkillers, now that I can't get fucked up none of my friends hit me up anymore - only when they want a cigarette they enthusiastically say it too, "Bro!! Let's smoke!!".Fuck it depresses me /lit/. I've known those guys since grade school and now soon as I can't go out and get fucked up with them it's not just going to parties, it's sitting around in a room splitting grams of coke and getting all paranoid, they never come over and see me.I'm considering moving out of the city to Los Angeles only a few hours away since in my town, you know who you know and that's it. Finding new friends is near impossible.
Where do you live?
Fresno - well, more specifically Clovis.
Fuck them. They're clearly not even remotely your friends if the only merit they see in you is getting drugs off of you. But I guess that's what drug fiends are like. Disgusting. I'd go for it anon, not necessarily LA but just any city where you feel you can get a fresh start. It's not worth it being in touch with such a bunch anyway, so it's not your loss.
How old are you?
Isn't that pretty cool your friends are in some way looking out for you?Why would they, junkies, want you, a non-junkie, to come to their ways again? They know they're into it, and they know you've made the right choice, or they'd be inviting you nay nagging you to come do coke with them.Despite this, as junkies do, they could easily forget your existence altogether, so stuck in their microcosms they are, but nay these friends of yours still hit you up, and the only way they know to bond is through chemical ritual, and so they in their ways invite you to have a cigarette with them -- they sound enthusiastic because you're their fucking bro and you don't speak much anymore so when you do they want it to be worth something, they'll be enthusiastic.Don't take it personal anon, you can't force them to change their ways, and even if you could would you want to? Probably not -- kudos for kicking the drugs man, if you feel like you're wanting to move out of state, to a new scene probably the best thing for a recovering addict, start thinking about it --not worrying about it, just ponder on it.
Where the eagle glides ascending There's an ancient river bending Down the timeless gorge of changes Where sleeplessness awaits I searched out my companions, Who were lost in crystal canyons When the aimless blade of science Slashed the pearly gates. It was then I knew I'd had enough, Burned my credit card for fuel Headed out to where the pavement turns to sand With a one-way ticket to the land of truth And my suitcase in my hand How I lost my friends I still don't understand.luck anon. Godspeed.
The draw of Los Angeles is that it's relatively close and it's a big city. I'm young and I'd like to live somewhere not so dead end as any city between Los Angeles and San Francisco tends to be.I remember when they weren't like that though and as much as I try not to, I cling to that image of them. Young, hopeful, etc. They think they're going to be the next fucking George Jung because they sell lines at parties. I'm 18, almost 19.
I like your outlook on it and god, I love your positive attitude....but I know these guys. Anyone who doesn't get fucked up is a faggot to them. I might as well be dead to them at this point. I live within 5 minutes of them and in the past almost 3 months of sobriety have only seen 2 out of around 11 of them once or twice.It's not so much that they care too much about me to not invite me along, they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partake, or more likely the reasoning, someone who isn't going to put in money to buy said drugs.
I never much listened to Neil Young but this is great. Thanks anon.
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices? Could it be as bad as I think it is?Probably, but some people can make it work. I don't know if I'm one of those people. I'd shave my head but I'm also balding down the middle of my head too.It's like a straight line. It's so unnatural. I don't understand how this shit happens.All my life I've hated how my hair looks and now that I'm losing it; I hate it even more. ;_;
Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?Becuase she wants your D homo
I want to sleep.
Their life is drugs of course you are dead to them -- it either transpires that the drugs were the only thing making you friends in the first place, in which case it would seem natural the bond dissipates as your curtail the drugs, or that without the drugs you wouldn't have remained friends in the first place - people change etc. Either way you're not missing out on anything, but rather working towards more a person who maybe, in a few years, your friends could see and feel a well of pride, and then, sadness or something -- but it would all be well and good. they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partakeThey're ashamed, man; you wouldn't invite a catholic priest to your orgy would you?Really, coming from someone who's dropped contact with many people he loved and still loves to death.
I feel you on that, more or lessI don't have anyone on my same wave length, I've been burning the people I used to connect with to the filter and I need to meet new people and generally focus on other thingsI don't think there's anything wrong with unbecoming a person. When I was younger I went through a phase where I couldn't read anything new without it making me feel like everything I had previously thought was wrong. I started asking myself questions, the answers of which are the foundation of who I am as a person Writing my theories helped a lotYour friends call you to smoke cigarettes?That sounds like I joke but I'm I'd probably hangout with you if you want. MaybeI was doing 8balls by myself when I was 16, and your general story sounds far fetchedI'm in Oakland
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices?If they are a cool individual, they don't notice because, genuinely, who the fuck cares.Keep focusing on what is inside your skull instead of what is on your head.
I'm in L.A. anon, I will be the guy at the beach playing harmonica and reading books in the hammock on the weekend. I hope you the best for you, good luck.
blake and joyce and everyone fell asleep at once though I've told them twice not to touch my teeth or else I'll parse a patterned subject with holy high notes swirl around in spinal fluid blood boil rib rinse eyes dry tongue tied let me fuck you then fuck me then we can lie down and try to sleep in the middle of the day otherwise I'll have to maintain homeostasis in an infinite tumble of mind manners and monster emotions.
What city do you live in?I was thinking of Hollywood cause a studio there is pretty cheap. Same with Koreatown. I spent a lot of time in Venice/Santa Monica and Bel Air when I was younger. I've had a love affair with the city since I could remember. That sounds like the life to me though anon. I don't need much. An easy, slightly above minimum wage job - ideally a record store or guitar center where I worked until just recently, pays just enough for a studio that I can come home to and work on my writing.
Your outlook's starting to influence mine a bit.I'll miss them. I love them to death, but if I didn't get sober that death would probably be coming a lot sooner. Two close calls to cardiac arrest were enough for me to call it quits. Love those guys, but it's time to move on.Funnily enough, they called me a few minutes ago wanting a cigarette. They're walking around my neighborhood car shopping opening car doors to see if they're open then stealing what you can out of them. I sat back and realized that I'm content in rather sitting inside posting on /lit/ The party was fun while it lasted
I've lived in Venice and done work all around the city: let me tell you, between the west side venice/santa monica/palisades/ brentwood/mar vista/marina del rey vs the inner city and valley downtown, k-town, valley, etc. is a fucking huge gap in overall enjoyability. The west side is beautiful, relaxed, and active. The inner city is flat, ugly, strained, and void of any non-exclusive activity. If you move to LA, make sure you're on the west side.
I live in Santa Monica. I'm a History teacher for Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District. If you are not materialistic, which it sounds like you aren't, you will do just fine in life.
I've got a lot of family in Fresno. I live a couple hours away from Clovis...I'm not saying we could, you know, meet up and trade books or anything, but...
Why should I do anything? Because it makes me happy.Why should I care about my happiness? It feels nice.Will it feel nice after I am dead? No.So it doesn't matter since time is fake, it may as well be 100 years from now it just happens not to be. The only other reason I have to do anything is to make other people's lives easier but that doesn't matter either because they will all be dead.Sure, in 50-70 years we may get powerful enough AI to replicate human brains, but even then, it is worthless. I know I need to simply distract myself with travelling and a girlfriend and a fulfilling job but I feel like it is something like Pandora's Box. Once it is open it you can never revert to the previous state, I can never forget how worthless everything is. I know a lot of you guys think about this sort of thing but the only solutions I have found are sleights that don't actually solve it.
209 REPRESENT LOL
Thing is, as we get older, friendship cliques become sort of cemented in a way - like political structures comprised of bodies with individual roles; a jester, a brick-head, a butt of the joke, perhaps a matriarch or patriarch -- so as we move out of the friendship groups we grew up with, became a person with, and then move away from that past, it's like an ego shock..you seem foreign to the people outside of the clique you grew with, and other people can seem foreign to you, and everyone is comfortable in their cliques and doesn't want to disrupt their status quo by inviting a new body into their social-political sphere.This cliqueism gives rise to an entirely interesting sect of outcasts, of people who went, say, against the grain out of their own sheer will - these people, your person, my person, can affect change.You seem so blase about giving up the drugs, you don't talk of the struggle, and it is like a kizmet that your friends just now called you - you don't mourn the past and you are content, don't even have to say it. We probably miss the bond, the ritual, the effortlessness, let the drugs do the walking - muscles atrophied. Exercise. Exorcise.
of course horse, I'd be down bahaha my condolences, though in the valley we all commiserate
Come visit SLO when you can, my man
You know, before I checked myself into rehab I allowed myself one more weekend of excess. I locked myself into my room with 3 grams of cocaine, some food/water, cigarettes, my music and some books.The final line of cocaine that I railed, that final sliver of glamour, as soon as it all went up, I dropped to my knees clutching my head bawling knowing that it was the end of an era for me. That might've been the absolute lowest point of my life. Lying fetal position on my floor, some 3 odd days without sleep or shower, 20 pounds underweight. What you've described to me though is my biggest fear. That I'll never make a little group of friends like that again. Without school, I have no idea how to make friends in the real world. Maybe it's just because I'm young but I just honestly see no way to make friends without something like school to lock enough people into a small space where relationships MUST flourish.
I am almost 30, fat, single, but nonetheless, happy.
The level of social maturity on this board is a joke
So 3 grams lasted you 3 days, and you went to rehab with that habit, and you're relating to a kid who apparently used to split a gram with 11 friends and currently only sees them to smoke cigarettes
Actually, I'm passing through there soon. My parents are moving to Santa Maria soon.
I don't relish the thought of replying to an idiot and liar But I think if you were to enter a certain scene, like going to a given club every weekend, you'd eventually start to see how small that scene was and you'd meet people
I'm the kid in question.
idiot and a liarI'll concede to idiot but why would you call me a liar?
4chanMaturitypick one
I realized that
It could've been my phrasing, I didn't mean I lied on the floor for 3 days - I just meant that it was 3 days TO that point.
I don't think you realize what you realize.
Like I said, your general story sounds far fetched. Like you have no idea what you're talking about, because you obviously don't Unlese you're being ironic or something, which I can tell you aren't, when you have a coke habit it doesn't feel like gloryI can't imagine 3 grams lasting more than half a day for someone with an addictionI'd expect at least some level of depth
I realized it after the factAt first I thought there where two fantasy filled children in this threadI hate being 'that guy', which I always am, so I'll leave this thread for the night
How did Arabs make such a big deal about the eradication of Paganism and pagan idols, yet Egyptian monuments still stand? It's one thing to claim your hand made stone carving is a vessel of a minor god you worship for personal peace, it's another to have great massive monuments dedicated to men believed themselves gods, worshiping other gods in a polytheistic system. Not just attributing partners to god, but believing they ascended to divinity. And yet the statues of Arabia got smashed and the sphinx still stands.HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN?
When it's your entire reason for existence and it's all gone, yes - it's glorious. I knew it was fucked up but I knew my life would flip upside down after that night.I was being facetious though.
Man I love Kill Me Baby.
i have a job interview tomorrow, i hope things go okay
good luck anon
I crave intimacy and attention but deliberately distance myself from my family. I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be asked. My expectations are way too high and I'm unwilling to do anything I don't like regardless of how it might affect the people who matter and my own potential. I plan to leave the country and part of the reason why is the vague hope that it's this society that's caused by depression, frustration and double-standards. I fantasize about all my problems being solved by the addition of a girlfriend but am terrified of the responsibility at the same time.
the pig was named porkshire. he lived in england, and he hated the police. one day a sweet woman was watering her weeds. porkshire trampled her pretty lawn and she called the department of sherrifs. he arrived in his police car and brought porkie into the back. he made a mess shitting on the backseat. the first incident of precise sabotage the pig plans to undertake.
sheriffs in police carsenglandremove yourself
I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be askedplease try to change this, as one of those guys that always has to take initiative it's mentally exhausting after a while and gives the impression that you secretly hate me
If you can get any, take 10mg of Valium before the interview. It will eliminate the nervousness without clouding your mind. Don't drink any coffee or take anything else stimulating either.when they ask you if you have any questions say " no....but is there anything I haven't elaborated on or explained well enough during the interview? " or words to that effect. It turns the questioning on its head and shows an air of confidence.
Ah dude, hang around, it's ok.
I hope you really fucking cock up the interview, anon, I hope you have bogies hanging our ya nozzies and that ye stutter and spit on the interviewer like sporruy bossYou will live on pavements rest of life.
But if you've had bad experiences with people agreeing to do things with you when you were young, it's very scary to ask people to keep to a commitment you created. Not to mention having done it so few times there's a strong fear of doing something that you feel you should be very experienced at doing by now.
But anon, if time is fake then your happiness is forever.
LemonsToday I had been walking back from work as I always had, with a friendIt was an amiable walk, like most nights under the lithe moonlightFor the past fortnight, from the crepuscular to the consummation of peregrination, he had never stopped pining over his lemons;incessantlyThen came my epiphany, elicited after my evocation in a stentorian pule..."LEMONS""LEEEH- MONSSS!!!!"I had thought, at the time, that I had never shrieked louder in my entire lifethen, the rasps licked and mingled with our ears and minds, silence had come back as quick as it had left usAt this point I was profoundly forlorn, and for the rest of our meandering, I glared the pavement all the way back home, as if the ground itself was the draconian antagonist in my journeyConcerned, as he should, many an inquiry came out of him, ebbing as the realization that I was beyond succour took its seat in his mindI told him about my lemonsthey would never stopand everybody else had even more lemonsand they too, would never stopConsummation came with an apology as we parted wayswell that was my day /lit/, non-fiction for you fags
They only destroyed that giant stone buddha with explosives, didn't they? If islamists were to destroy the sphinx now, half of egypt would want to kill them ruins tourist business.
I'm too sleepy I guess I should go sleep damn it's already past 6AM I said I would be there around 9 maybe I should just stay awake confusion in her eyes that says it all she's lost control she mentioned liking post-punk I wonder if she likes this shit it's been more than a month I guess if I stay up and do that til 10 I can sleep about four hours after then try to sleep in regular hours tonight what is this smell did he just shit on the hall again I'll clean after I come back then sleep but why would she never message again after all she said I need to study it will be at the end of July I can't postpone it anymore Carl is gonna ask me about it in the party most likely I hope I have started by then to at least be able to sound convincing the download has finished 50 minutes plus a shower then go it's perfect timing I wonder if they will at least let me change the office priorities cause chosing the one next to her as my number one choice was foolish well damn it's really smelling bed maybe if I open the window I can just ignore it but it's a nice city anyway and it will be a good experience but it will feel shitty regardless and I don't even know French maybe start with something that covers the basics of everything then just branch to whatever I'm not comfortable with I wonder if there is a book that has all the basics like that maybe I should write one if there isn't cause it could be really useful I don't think that is I'll sleep for 4 hours and then google the books I need and make a study plan I think he will message me today wanting the thing deployed so I should deploy it first since it won't take long it says it's my birthday there maybe she sees it and comes to say something nice this bass line is really good she's lost control again she's lost control again but new dawn fades is so much better I guess this is more famous just because it's more catchy but still very good maybe I should deploy it now because if I watch the episode there's a chance I'll fall asleep hope he doesn't ask about it til afternoon shit it was the last one I'll go buy another pack and watch it the plan was to try to stop today maybe I'll reduce the amount from this pack onwards or I'll wait until next week cause by then I'll be done with my job guess I'll start studying next week then as well but I should definitely make that study plan otherwise I'll lack the motivation I miss we both been busy and coming to leave a message to each other every two hours or so she even asked if I wanted to call so we could talk while she was painting I need to download the subtitles if there aren't any yet there's no big deal I can understand everything everytime anyway I should just watch without it this time I will fetch the usb disk to copy it I don't even know if I'll pass the interview anyway maybe I'm stressing over nothing where's my lighter I can smoke one on my way back her paintings are really good though
I don't think that it's really shameI'd say its more out of "Wow that guy is a total dweeb, can't believe he's gonna choose a job and a suit over this kush"also "Well that Catholic Preist will only partake in our orgy if there's some children, can't really have him come along"
I wish you good luck!
You guys know it's not that hard to get a gf right? Put yourself out there, do some exercise, look like you're having fun.
What a useless post/er.
I am plagued by indecisiveness. I am hypocritical. I find myself craving human affection and attention constantly, yet rejecting opportunities in which I can attain such. My reasoning for these actions has yet to be found. I have recently become obsessed with the certainty that anything I bring into this world, whether it is human or plant or creation, will decay, and die. Surely this may be “babby’s first nihilistic crisis”, but nevertheless, these ideas are beginning to define my ways of thinking. I feel incapable of loving people. I have no idea as to why, but the ability seemed to have left me. I solely initiate breakups. It’s never the other party, always me. I have this hypocritical of wanting nothing more than a relationship, then immediately regretting it, and wanting to breakup. I’m spineless, constantly afraid of others judgement, yet crave insults and attacks on myself, possibly to reassure myself that I’m a spiteful and horrible person. My actions may sometimes show otherwise, I will not think twice about helping someone, or spoiling them. Is this to cover up my inner and more abhorrent thoughts? I claim to be a “writer”; Lord knows I can’t write for shit. I have no motivation in reading anymore.
I hope that guy replies, I hope we have similar interests, I'm hungry, yeah because I didn't eat anything today because I felt slightly sick yesterday and had no appetite today.
Getting to the stage where it's possible to break up is a good first step though. You need someone to shape you.
thinkgen bout demiurge
There was a gf I believed was way into me, gave me all the signs, asked me out for milkshales after school and all.When I asked her out last week she shook her head, said no and was ice cold the next day.If a girl who shows me signs like that denies me, it's not easy to do.And besides, where do i meet girls anyway?
holy shit you are the worst kind of poster and represent everything wrong with youth literary culture.
Why do you hate gnosticism so much?
muh exclusionary secret knowledgeThough I guess that's not as bad as people who read up on it as an "alternative"
I think he was triggered..
Not that guy but man, you could've had put it in more sophisticated terms. You know, we gotta keep up the image we don't have.
If you mean getting a gf for the sake of getting a gf, it isn't that much.But finding someone that you love, that you trust, that you get along well, that you like every quality and yet don't care about any of her flaws, that are able to be copletely honest with without judgement, that you see yourself spending the rest of your life with and that feels all this towards you as well is really really hard anon, don't fool yourself.
It's proving pretty hard for me to find any kind of gf...
Gnosticism is a branch of knowledge, not really a fucking dazzling coat to prance around in.
WHERE DO I MEET GIRLSHERE
I don't know mate, think, how do you gain all you social contact - what do you USE to gain all your social contact? How could YOU USE what you currently use to gain the rest of your social contact, to also get a girl.
I have only one friend and all we usually do is get high and play cards/video games.He did invite me to a party on the 14th so maybe then, but I suck at parties
You suck at parties?I guess you suck at parties then..Doomed/dismissed - fail forever. Have fun!
Never said that, but the memeing seems a bit unnecessary, especially for the posters sake. Also I wouldn't really say that it's a branch of knowledge, but rather a spiritual/phillosophical system built around a historical record of certain kind of experience. But that's just me nitpicking.
Well then don't say getting a gf isn't much then you dumb shit
tbh what a lot of people used was being forced into contact through things like tutorials. What they need is to gain contacts outside of institutional compulsion.I can't really talk though because my friends are 1 my tutor group 2 my housemates and 3 my d&d group
Welcomed nitpicking, is always welcomed!Yeah maybe Gnosticism needs a bit of bite to it - like at the moment it's a ghost and we gotta put ghost in the machine.
fyi you are replying to a different person lolby "isn't that much" I meant "that much hard" at least compared to the other stuff in the post
Boy goes up to girl: Boy: HiGirl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?Youposter 6621944: I will fuck you.Me: There must be something wrong with this girl. Alright, I'll see you later and let you deal with your things, i'm pretty neurotic already and don't want to be dealing with your shit.Get it? Neuroses in a guy is not attractive - girls are not attracted by neurotic men - you are neurotic. And you feel as if you pity yourself, which feeds the neuroses, making you more neurotic, and you complain more about not having a girlfriend, and you become uglier and more unattractive with every neurotic thought that wonders, no cries 'why haven't I got a girlfriend'/'why haven't I been given a girlfriend' etc. If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.
joyce pls go
I know you meant the difficulty, but when you can't even give me a good answer as to where to look it obviously isn't that easy now is it.
isn't that just one of those things they say to start a conversation and get complimented
I find there's quite a few ghosts skulking around the attic. And as for producing the god from the machine, that's our job, right?
Girl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?it's so hard to find a boyfriendtop kekI know what you mean with my mentality being rotten, but that is only because of recent events: Before that I was positive and went flat on my ass, and now have to start from nowhere since I don't know where to look and saw this one girl as the perfect opporitunity that doesn't come by that often.I'm close to just downloading tindr or whatever
Way too much Gnostic thought has been lost. Plugging the gaps with bits from other religions doesn't cover it.
Again, I wasn't the one who gave you that answer lolBut it isn't that easy, but also not that hard anon. Like, it's probably medium leaning a bit to the hard side.But a lot of the hardship you see in it isn't really there but in your head.
tfw I downloaded tinder and have it on my phone but immediately stopped it from accessing the internet and hid it away because I got scared
I hope you're aware of how vague you come across right?Getting a gf seems to be something you can apply actual strategy to, yet no one has any clear cut answers of where to find one if you don't already know girls.
posts on a meme sitedoesn't like memes
And I don't mean that a girlfriend is something to earn, in a trophy sense as in a prize for good work; more like in the sense that you deserve the friends you have, and that two good friends deserve to be friends and the like. If you're rotten you ain't gonna have good friends!It would work on a case-by-case basis, there are varying factors you'd have to consider about the girls self worth, attractiveness etc. to discern whether she is using it as a play or being genuinely self deprecating; the last thing you want in a girl is self-deprecation. How can you value someone who doesn't value themselves - you can only value someone in spite of their self-deprecation, and most likely wouldn't value them if it weren't for that self-deprecatory streak.It wasn't quoting an actual conversation, more like an unspoken conversation - your sense of self worth sweats out your pores - and often the very being we emanate to others is very different to how we think we seem - if you're desperate, it will show.
If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.Look at this cuck.
memes should only be about trivialities tbh
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about it - she don't know what's going on in her head. You don't know what's going on in your head. Talking about a perfect girl, you don't even know yourself! Just calm -- I'll tell you, and you won't like this, but you're gonna go through potentially quite a lot of relationships, ups and downs, and heartbreaks. Every couple think they're the shit, together forever, and it kills them because it's not true. This baseless hope is almost part of the downfall - learn to chill out a bit and realize you can't depend on others for your happiness - this leads to co-dependence, addictive tendencies, neuroses..
I am and it is intentionally vague except for the last part.But ok, let's try some concreteness lolWhy do you think it's difficult to meet a girl? not even saying get a gf, just meeting the girl, which seems to be your problem.As in, put in words where exactly the difficulty for meeting one is, the best you can.
potentially quite a lot of relationshipsDepends how young you start.
memes help us cope with important matters as well and can be both light-hearted and profound.
Depends how much you wanna worship Satan.
profound memeOnly in the capacity to make us aware of profound things, in which case they are only as good as a roadside ad
Or you could like play girls programming like fiddles.This guy looks happy.He's a good guy?
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about itI am 20she don't know what's going on in her head.Going by her tumblr you might be rightTalking about a perfect girlI didn't say she was perfect, I was saying the situation was, since I don't have any means that I know of to get to meet girls.And don't worry, I don't believe in perfect relationships, I'm more realistic than that.Well I don't have any female friends the girl I was going for ignored my last text, so friends is out of the question I assumeI don't have any hobbies that attract a lot of girls football and video games and even then they have to be single which a lot of women who go out aren't.So this leaves me where to find girls?Give me something concrete.
Let's not go there, man. Each one of us has probably a very polar idea about what that means.
Yep. Nothing means everything.And everything means nothing.Sounds like it's all going tidy doesn't it?
ignored my last textDepending on how long you have been texting that could mean many thingsher tumblrJeezToo late man the scene is oversaturated.
Kinda lost me on that one.
Well of course nothing is in itself profound, the profundity lies in the interaction with the observer. But memes can be just as profound as novels for example. Novels are memes tbh.
not liking the kosher prometheus
mean many thingsWell it was a simple question about movies, I sent her that because she was being cold after she rejected me and I was being a bit more distant as well so I thought I could break the ice with a simple question and then talk further.But she ignored it, add that on top of her being more distant I see it as a clear sign of not wanting to deal with me anymore.And we've been texting for about 2 months, often every daysometimes snapchat instead of textingJeezYeah, goes to show I don't have any crazy standards which is the case with a lot of these tfw no gf types.
Memes operate on many levels and when people discuss /lit/ memes it's usually the self-identified meme. A book is and contains memes true, and can be profound under interpretation, but a lot of books are designed to build a world of non-memes and a persuasive lie is the same as a reality.
My bad I thought you were in school or something, I take it back. Point still stands though - throw your eggs in on basket if you want to feel pain, I mean you could also feel a lot of pleasure, but know if you ever drop that basket - hey, the chicks could even hatch and fly the fuck away - you better be prepared to deal with that hurt, and know you're the one who put them eggs in that basket.I mean yeah, relativism, let's all have different meanings for the same thing - that helps keep data clear and concise doesn't it? It helps when we live in maya - it's like hey I heard you like maya so we got some maya for your maya
Could do with the love
The hurt comes more from the fact that I haven't been this close to a gf in a long time.I had hope for 2 months and then I went back to nothing, it's a harsh thing but I'll manage.Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.
anon last time I had a gf was five years ago and the last time I was interested in someone she completely disappeared from my world just as we were becoming friends so don't take me too seriously.but basically, network. use the groups you are part of to get to events which overlap with other groups and on and on until you find yourself in a crowd which looks like it has potential. You don't have to make friends along the way necessarily.
find some girlsMan they ain't some rare species, you'd apparently be surprised to know they make up about 50% of the human race. Every other person you encounter, could, have, a, vagina.Now, your predicament is the insular nature of humans within a big society - you're considered somewhat weird if you talk to someone you don't know for no particularly good reason, so unless you're James Bond it wouldn't be a good idea to approach girls on the street or in the shop or anything, because you're to conceited already - desperate - your spaghetti would spill tumultuously out of your pockets. Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.Keep up this attitude, in fact you should go to your local nightclub and start shouting this out loud -- it's actually the secret of all time --that's why no one does it - no one knows about it. You're golden OP.. have fun and don't forget your zip ties and lime..
Ok anon, here you go:You probably like something else, you are probably in university, universties have tons of activities, go find something you like and go meet people. Cause it sounds like you are missing a good time there, not even about girls.Go to a party, go to a bar, see some event that you like cause there is bound to be something and call some friends and convince them to go with you.Then go and talk to girls that are there. But don't go as "omg I need to talk to a girl", if you are walking by someone you feel like saying something say something, if it's gonna be a 2 phrase conversation or if you are gonna become good friends or marry, just talk. And talk to guys too anon, cause talking to people is good.If your hobbies doesn't attract girls they probably attract guys that have girls as friends btw.There's probably a girl you see everyday that you wish you could talk to. Protip: you can. Just go there like "ayy grrl I see you everyday around here and I find you very interesting and would like to meet you what do ya say about getting some coffee with me so we can talk bb? ;".Idk anon, go to a fucking starbucks RIGHT NOW and talk some random bullshit with the qt on the line, or ask the qt sitting alone if you can sit with her cause you don't like eating breakfast alone.Just do whatever, you are gonna get "rejected" most of the time, cause guess what, that happens. Just stop been afraid of stuff cause you see girls around everyday and have plenty of opportunities to talk to any and you honestly are probably just afraid of that.If you don't like any of the options here just put your creativity into coming up in something instead of memeing on a chinese lit board for a day.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?
And also next time you are texting a girl sometimes everyday sometimes not only text but snapchat, plz ask her out in less than 2 months anon.
At least you're texting girls. I have no idea how to get hold of a girl's number.
Well, different people have different experiences and through those end up with a different explanations. I'm not really keen on relativism...but that's just the way it seems to be. I'm pretty sure could argue well for my case, phillosophicaly, historicaly or otherwise...but that's not the proper way. I don't want to rob anyone of the experience, and without it there can be a backlash, enantiodomea.The maya thing seems to be real. What can I say? If you're happy with your well-ordered universe, enjoy it. And don't read Sartre.
Nice vague response my friend, you could have condensed it to 2 lines but instead decided to watse your time making it longer.uniI am actually in a garbage school called MBO in the netherlands, it has no clubs of any sorts which is a bummer, I often wish I was born in america just for this.cause talking to people is good.I should absolutely work on that, and don't worry about me coming across as desperate, I only do that on the internet.starbucksDecent advise, when i look at other people and my friend they often make small talk with whoever, when I tend to keep to myself.I thought it was just an insignificant difference between me and other people, but something small like that could perhaps change the negative outlook I have on people in generalwhich makes itunconciouslyharder for me to connect to peopleguess what, that happensI did try to see this latest rejection as something good, instead of waiting and regretting not having tried anything, I went for it and failed, at least I have a clean concious now.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?It is, thanks for your post, it's a quality one.She actually got my number, but I was in your situation as well before and probably am going to be for a while now.We did go on ''sort of'' dates, she asked me out for milkshakes and I actually went to her home town once.I don't know what made her lose interest, maybe she'd just crazy.I went sort of slow with a reason though, she only just turned 18 and had admitted to being a virgin, so I thought maybe if I went too fast I'd scare her off.
ITT guys need to learn that women are people too.
 1. dfw is nothing more than a memeWHAT DID YOU JUST SAY? everybody loves themselves some buzzwordslots of humanities students here indeed john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoyingno, that is genre fictionjohn green is just laughable in way more different levels existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.can't argue with that
They're actually aliens
Cool idea, someone pass that to David Icke, I'm sure he can patch a decent theory or two out of that.
you could have come up with an interesting and original response. I feel devalued by this one.
Good.
typical feminist :
well-ordered universeLook at this ugly piece of shit universe, look at it m8.It looks like a glitterball sharted.;You don't have to argue anything, but to outright say 'No discussion' 'Agree to disagree' does no body any good - for example I'd like to learn, learn from you, and in return, I don't know if you'd like to learn from me, but I could sure help flesh out your ideas with my own personal experience. To deny that would be to feed close-mindedness, and ignorance; at the same though: One is at leisure and can discuss whatever the fuck it is one wants :
Uhh, sure. But there's a few certain phrases that usually don't indicate a potential to a great discussion, e.g. 'worship Satan'.
What's your beef with Satanism?
My tone is constantly sardonic - don't be afrayed nao.
The adversary of infinite if finite - anything finite is satan.But it's a whole fucking lot more complicated than that, and I can't tell whether I've upset some people by talking about it.
You can smash a guitar to bits - will sound cease?
What percentage of posts on this board are sincere? For me it is about 80%
what do you call it when you ironically read new sincerity?
It doesn't fucking matter what's on my mind. That's what's on my mind.
Booms
Memes.
YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAAATIFÚ ALAA YAYA VLATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALVYA LATIFÚ YA LVATIFÚ ALAAAA YA LATIFÚ YAV LATIFÚ ALAVATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚVA LATIFÚ ALAA V
I am afraid of losing her even though I've lost her already.
I just need this goddam internship
I'm forced onto some kind of productive path where I actually think and reflect, I see no opportunities in the near futute for me to actually actI'm not going to lower myself into contacting her after what she did and, for momentum's sake, I shouldn't anyway, I'm mostly done with my friends and I'm nowhere near comfortable enough to express some of the more anti social facets of myself to strangers. Or even meet new people for that matterI want nothing more than for a little baby not literally to be mine. But I don't see that as a possibility any time soon, as I can't connect with new peopleI feel I've swollowed my pride enough for this year, for this girl, for my divinity. And I've spent enough enough time alone for this half centuryFuck it, I'll go back to action. Doing is funner
All I need is to love and be loved.Still, I must be doing something wrong, bc I still feel empty at the end of the day, or when I'm alone.
happiness is only relevant when one is alive, I'll be dead before forever. I was saying happiness doesn't matter now because your happiness didn't matter when you were not born yet, like it won't matter when you die.
I want to be loved again or die.
You will literally never be in the state of death.
Are you me? I have barely had any slept for the last 5 days, and I'm already feeling my sanity slipping away. Fucking finals, man.
Loving you is loving a mythological figure.Is like kissing a stone, or a cloud.I am like a scientist, and you are like a really pretty rock, like a sapphire or whatever. You are like a machine, an incredibly complex series of gears, some so large I am always looking at them, and some so small I will never see them.I want to understand how the machine operates. I want to become you in a moment, press my face against yours, the face of the gear, I mean, and not let go until this process has allowed me to understand you completely, which, of course, it never will. I'm lying to myself when I say it will help me understand you. I want it to help me understand you, and I want to understand you, but what I really want is to be /with/ you. I want it to be undeniable. I want our relationship to be such that any reasonable onlooker could only logically conclude that you and I are TOGETHER. I want you to say that I am with you, and I want to say to you that I am with you and you don't leave, but you are always leaving, you are the INVENTOR of leaving, and I am the inventor of being alone. I want to be with you in such a way that the part of me which cries out when we separate is assuaged entirely. I want that part to die, because it has no reason to exist anymore.You are a frog and I won't forgive myself until I dissect you, because you have a part of me, and you're keeping it in the bulge underneath your mouth and every once in a while you croak and I can see you still have it and I don't want it back. Loving you is complicated but I can't stop trying.
is that her? she is very cute. don't you hate when they're cute, like goddamnit just be ugly and hateable so I can move on
not having the cynical powers to make everyone hateable on command
Not sure about the frog part
I though i'm alienated in this, but i see that most of /lit/ is suffering because of love.
I'm tired of waiting
In reality, she's been more like an ocd game I've played with myselfI can honestly say I think I only care for people insofar as what they can do for me or how they make me feel, in her case it was bothI'm kicked out and, until very recently, I've been staying with her this past 8 months.But the fact is, I've never felt like she was my equal when it's good between us. I'd often start arguments, or pick at her to get some drama going where we'd make up and I'd feel for her more. And I've probably burnt more bridges with family trying to reconnect with me while we were arguing, if I'm being honest with myself I never needed to stay with herBut I did like her best when she was my little baby. I'd interrogate her, put her down etc etc and we'd find a moment of peace where she'd be so sweet, mostly quiet and I'd treat her right. But I think I was afraid that would go away, that the loud slut in her would come back out and I'd ruin itIdkI feel like I need to find the next thing. Maybr hangout with my fembot cousin, because she has some good looking friends And obviously work etcOverall it's the loss of that sweet baby I created that I hate. She doesn't hold enough mystery for me to love any other part of her, and I need to focus on other things than recreating it, because I've really let my life get to shit at this point I'm really tired of this introspective shit. I need to get doingI think I'm more lonely than I admit
I really don't think women, or most people in general are that complicated If you really want to figure her out, just like anything I think, you can throw a bunch of experiments at it and see how it reacts You'll only be mystified if you let yourself be a passive obvserver because, whether she realizes it or not, she's throwing a bunch of experiments at youAnd you aren't proving to be much of a mystery
Eu gostaria de escrever de maneira mais natural em inglês e também em português.Sou um fracasso /lit/erário.
I dont really know how to write music
I wish i had talent
 Two nights ago I had my 2nd lucid dream and I consciously thought about the big bang in it as I know it takes away the bottom off my feet which are nonexistent in dreams to throw me into voids of unknown...
Maudits certes, nous le sommes ; mais l'océan lui aussi n'est qu'un mirroir de plus. Le carrousel incandescent poursuit sa course sans frontières ; bientôt un chat baîllera aux côtés des flots. Et son pelage familier écaille-de-tortue sera taché du sang de plaies mystérieuses qu'ouvrent les appels du lampadaire sauvage et de son frère pavé: la ville respire en ce vieux crépuscule de juin.
Give me a date, we could meet up at a coffee shop or some such
I cant quite put my finger on it but you're changing into your denouement. Everything I gave you is reaching fruition, we're finally equals, and you have no use for me anymore. It's not to my surprise either, but could we at least slow it down? Yesterday I saw you depressed for the first time ever and I realized I don't actually know you, at all. We never talk about our problems, we just laugh near each other.
I'm at work and all I can think is "just fuck my shit up, FUCK IT UP"
I should be writing, or at least reading. Fuck I feel so awful that I'm just sitting doing jack shit here.
I feel destined and alone, with so much dark hard heart, I wanna poke it; watch it flow
I don't know whether I want to pursue music or writing
Mereological nihilism
both will bring either immortality or more likely poverty and depression.
Same here, man.
I wish porn addiction would just be taken seriously for once. If you're addicted to drugs, alcohol, or cigarettes there are tons of ways to get help, but with porn it's almost nonexistent. Hardly anyone seems to believe that it can even be an addiction. I feel so lost.
i seriously hope cognitive dissonance isn't lethal
I wish the one I love would try to follow their dream of becoming a movie director. I know it's their passion and it breaks my heart when they tell me they aren't good enough.
Who - cares?There's easily been days when I've jerked off 15+ times 8 was about the average for a while, and it all literally makes my dick temporarily smallerThe urge goes away eventually. Focus on experiencing life Unrelated but I can tell you're gayHe probably lacks talent and the ability to raise funding
I feel lonely, afraid, and unsure. I have few, if any, opinions or preferences. I want to be exceptionally confident, active, purposeful, and driven. I believe I can change but am frustrated that I haven't. I don't know if I ever will. I try to put myself in new environments by travelling, changing jobs, reading but so far to no avail; who I am doesn't really change. I just keep trying to be different, but I stay the same.
I wish Arthur Rimbaud were still alive
I WANNABE ACADEMIC CONFIDENT AND ROOMANTICBUT III JUST FEEL WEEIRRD AND OVERDRAMATIC DAILY REMINDER. THAT III, AM PATHETTICWHEN YOU'RE SURROUNDED BY IT, IT'S HARD TO FORGET IT
I can tell you're gayGirl, actually. I've just learned not to make mention of being a girl on here, even indirectly. I was trying to be as discreet as possible.
G O U D AOUDA
Hardly anyone seems to believe that it can even be an addiction.The urge goes away eventually. Focus on experiencing lifePoint made. You weren't addicted, and that's great not even being sarcastic, but that doesn't mean the addiction doesn't exist. You haven't been there or seen someone go through it, therefore you won't understand how much of a problem it can be.
I'm on a break which will end in about 30 minutes. After that, I have to work for four hours. Gladly, the only person around me is my close friend, so I'm not going to do much working; 'working' is what I'll do. Then, I'll go for a swim once I'm done with all this and read something or shitpost on 4chan. Sleep comes soon after that.Repeat.What am I doing with my life?ad nauseum
Was writing about contemporary times considered kitsch in the past as it is now?
$lut ;;
LONDON
Just don't mention gender or any aspect of identity, that's the point. We're anonymous.
I get that and I would like it to be that way, but in the same thread where I mentioned my husband and got called an attention whore for saying I was a girl, at least one guy made mention of his girlfriend.I realize now that it really isn't that important, though. Life goes on and people on the internet's opinions don't matter.
Fallout 4 is making me orgy right now

didn't know it was announced yet, thanks.nursing a firm erection right now tbh
Trailer looks fucking shit.
i'm a girl btwkill you'reself
tits
This is not how it works, summerfags. Why are summerfags even on /lit/ ffs?
FightTheNewDrug. It is a serious thing.
I dreamed about her last night She was with another guy, a new boyfriend. I guess at one point she started fucking him in the living room, with people around, and another guy that was there the boyfriend's friend, I thinktook her and started fucking her and she came I think caring is like a tight ropeThe guy she fucked that morning, or who I'm pretty sure she did, is a little dicked faggot with a sloppy body and a face not as good looking as mine. He's popular, but I consider that popularity to be s bubble, he acts like a fucking child. To his face I call him Nickelodeon, periodically bully him for little things, and he dick rides meBut he still has me beat me by farI always told myself that if I wanted to keep hitting someone when they wanted to stop, I could. I did that last time, without even feeling like fighting. I only care about myselfA slut is someone meant to be used. A person is someone there for me to useI am a godAnd I have to fuck fuck fuck the people that try to fuck me;___;I'm not faggot
How does it feel?To treat me like you doWhen you've laid your hands upon meAnd told me who you are
I'm not, but being in love is better than being virtually emotionally dead, like me.
A friend of mine keeps inviting me round his house and we always end up fucking. I really don't find him attractive but he kind of expects me to stay round overnight and as we sleep in the same bed he starts to dry hump me and I always acquiesce though hate myself during and after the sex. He keeps indirecting me on Twitter about how much he loves being friends with benefits. I don't want to be rude and just say no but I've slowly started to hate everything about him. He's one of these really camp melodramatic gays and I'm actually on the edge of despising him. Worse is I'm bi and out but like to keep my gay sex life pretty secret yet he keeps telling people about it. He even told my crush who is a qt Asian girl and his best friend and I thought she might be attracted to me but now her affections have become all frosty.
Then don't go
Or just tell him no, and that you just want to be friends with no benefits. Most people are reasonable about that sort of shit if you confront them with it out in the open and be honest about it.
Maybe you've developed some sort of redness and itching somewhere....
Good idea
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
tfw your life is captured by a song called "crywank"
wait you can get prostate cancer?I was wanking it 3 times per day past 7 years even when i had girlfriends and had almost daily sex.
I feel so fucking stupid and slow-minded and dirty. In in the bottom 5% of /lit/, no doubt. I don't even like to read.
I'm sorry, but if you don't like to read, go somewhere else. People shitposting about things not related to literature are actively killing this board.
I want to read the Iliad but I'm sort of disappointed that I can't read Homeric Greek and everybody's recommending different translations.
I'm too good for this place.
nice shining amore white night
I am 23 years old and have girl that could probably be called a girl friend but really, why put a label on things. We have sex frequently. It's pretty good. Most of the time she orgasms, more times than me though. Sometimes my dick will just die, right then and there, mid thrust, yet I'm still turned on wanting to go and go and go till my heart gives out. Usually it's my lungs that give out first. I get so out of breath that I can't thrust anymore but I haven't came yet, and my little guy won't help either. We can't just switch between her on top and me on top ad nauseum, now can we? I think it's starting to get to the point where this girl I've been shacking up with is starting to feel unattractive. Maybe we drink too much. We're like drinking buddies but we like to shag. Fuck I love alcohol but I love to fuck. Maybe I should take up jogging.
The rich texture of the chocolate biscuit, with its mildly bittersweet cranberries, dark chocolate chips and a hint of caramel, seduced my mind to harken back to a time in my gay and innocent youth. 'twas when I was a spry, sure-headed yet naive lad of nineteen summers at Yale. The youth who would become me, as I am today, was walking along the fine gravel pathways among the old buildings of the campus, away from a concluded lecture hall where I just previously took an exam. Now, when I say 'took the exam,' I do not mean to say that I wasted time studying to struggle for a grade, mind you. No, that would be a most pedestrian thing to put oneself through... 'oneself' to mean one who has the brains to know how foolish such a means to an end would be. The professor, one Hans Grunning, a rotund, red-faced yet wise-for-his-years man of 38, was sure to keep me in his good graces. A major part of this reason was a partiality to my father, who had just barely kept him alive in the trenches as the both of them, nary but boys at the time, were fighting for God, Country, and their very lives in the Great War. The both of them had spent a long time overseas, and though Grunning had lost his right leg to the audacity of Austria-Hungary, he had the financial support of my father's family fortune and the opportunity to continue his college education at the school where he now works, to keep him afloat.As such, the good Grunning thought it pleasant to invite me for tea and biscuits at his office. As great minds do think alike, not that you would know of these things, I was keen to agree on such a visit, and would have been on a path that would take me directly there. That is, were my mind not preoccupied with Agatha. Agatha. Now, THAT is a name that takes me back a ways, let me tell you. So, what do you think? Is it snooty enough?
NIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGERNIGGER
shining amore white nightamorenightVery sweet voluntary misspellings, anon : 
ten cue
Tired of being alone for 23 years with no one to hold me. Most of my family is dead now, my father who was also my best friend is gone and I am alone.I have been rejected by almost everyone. Why then does my brain repeatedly believe that tomorrow will be the day that the world changes for me? Am I a fool or resilient sap?
love you friend
I am a product of experience. everything I think has been influenced by the televisiom I watch and the websites I read. All the consitutes me is a remix past experiences. I don't exist. Either does anyone else. there's no new ideas, it seems that everything new is a reboot or a remix of something older. television. music is shit. books are shit. even the religions of the world are remixes of past religions. christianity is judaism and gnosticism. judaism id canaanite and with sumerian and babylonian influence. hinduism is vedic which is based on proto indo-european and indo-iranian beliefs. I wonder greater if it is even possible to make anything new any more. Has man lost his ability to create.
You are an ass.
My reading comprehension skills are at an all time low. I keep getting in arguments with people online and misunderstanding what they're saying and then I say something unrelated and look and feel like an idiot.I feel like a literal retard.
I am the happiest I've been in three years.This, too, shall pass.
Reading Naked LunchWHATTHEFUCK?Ohh is that a boner?
kek
I'm used to being called an idiot on 4chan.But something about being called an idiot on social media, where it's not anonymous, that gets to me.For the first time I'm starting to believe it.
Nothing definitely exists.
pure altruism is impossible. any example of altruistic behavior can be reduced to self-interest.take mother teresa for example. Her supposed motivations for helping all those people were lies masking her need to feel spiritually elevated relative to the rest of us. either that or she was just trying to get rid of the displeasure arising from her contemplation of misfortune.even a soldier who throws himself in front of a grenade is acting selfishly in that he wanted to feel heroic. People like him have been thoroughly possessed by the idea of sacrifice as an ultimate good, to the point where the immense desire or urge to experience the self-rightoussness of it can be fatal to the subject. the exploding soldier is no different than the heroin addict who dies after an overdose. he needs the feeling as the junkie needs the needle, and when the grenade is tossed, just like the addict, he is devoid of free will and jumps to his death, just so he can know that feel.do you agree,?if you don't, why are you so naive?
This is a semantic issue. "True" altruism might be impossible but altruism isn't. Just because there are some self-serving reasons to be altruistic doesn't mean altruism isn't altruism. It's just that altruism by definition covers things that have certain self-serving aspects.We only applaud people for being altruistic because it helps us through others, so why are you getting all het up about it?
lmao them 6th grade insights about humanity
i want to fuck that girl
Altruistic behaviour, to the point of self-sacrifice, exists even in many animals. have they been brainwashed to aspire for glory, too?
she's a big girla lot of her charm to me comes from the fact that her face is not that of a typical /fit/ girl, she looks humble and insecure
Stirner thread?
Cool. The egoism/altruism dichotomy is false.
Pure [any motive] is impossible because people don't function in such a clear cut way. Assuming that they would is oversimplification for the sake of artificial clarity.
She's a big girlfor you
boasting about being overweight
He's a big guy
No shit.
insecureanybody lifting is insecure
Are they sacrificing themselves for their siblings? Since animals share 1/2 of their genes with their siblings well, more like 1/2 of the genes above the genes that all individuals of a species have, if an animal increases the likelihood its siblings will reproduce by sacrificing itself, it's worth it for the animal if it helps 2+ siblings. They'll do it because they want to pass on their genes, but it doesn't matter if they themselves do it, their siblings can also pass on their genes since they share them. Of course they aren't consciously calculating or rationalizing this, all sorts of strategies from pure selfishness to pure altruism probably arose at some point and the individuals that stuck to the model I just described were the most successful. So yes, it might be fair to say the animals have been brainwashed by their genes to sacrifice themselves for the "glory" of their genes. t. read the Selfish Gene
not lifting for the endorphinsnot enjoying the benefits of having a strong bodySeems like you are the one who is insecure, Anon.
I strongly doubt an animal has any grasp of genetics, and neither do you. If we sacrifice ourselves for the sake of our genes, it's the genes who are being selfish, not us.
We are our genes you cretin.
We are our genes, and a whole lot more. I want the naturalists to leave. And I say this as someone who supports the viewpoint that pure altruism is impossible.
We most cetainly are not genes. Genes are stretches of DNA and RNA, I am no such stretch.
That's exactly what I said. And what animals consciously do has almost nothing to do with their evolutionary strategy being successful or not, natural selection only cares if it works. An animal could think it's sacrificing itself for the glory of your cereal box, it doesn't matter if it increases the likelihood of its siblings reproducing enough.
I should have said "it doesn't matter as long as..." to be more clear.
people think genes are some sort of underlying source code like a computer program which slavishly follows the demands of the code, but they're really just little objects inside a human which perform different functions on the micro-levelthe genes inside me coding for DNA polymerase enzyme is just as much a part of me as that time I stepped on a shard of glass when I was seven
A man laying on his deathbed anonymously gives away all of his possessions. He does not profit from his generosity in the way of recognition, this is altruism
None of what you said renders the behaviour of the individual specimen egoistic in any way.
do you agree,?if you don't, why are you so naive?Killer argument, man.
right before his death he feels the joy of generosityHe profits alright, just not all that notably.
He wasn't saying it does. What's wrong with you, lad?
How? Is it not selfish to increase the frequency of your genes in the gene pool?
So, the argument against altruism is going to be:it feels too good to do good things for them to be genuinely good?Fucking brilliant. Master motherfucking intellect. Pure absolute cuntdestroying transcendence.
Yeah, pretty much. Not what you were expecting? Too real for you?
Pure altruism is an asymptote, but what you conclude from that is what really determines what a shitheel you are
Not necessarily. Concious self-interest egoism and instinct can be at odds.
I'd say it isn't. I mean, sure, ppeople might take some rather ideological pleasure in believing that doing such makes them immortal, or at least less mortal than those who do not continue their lineage, but that's just people, and I doubt that such thoughts occurr to animals. After all, the genome does not need to produce such thoughts and emotions, all it needs to produce is a genuine empathy for those you consider your own, and they'll survive better than genomes that produce no such thing.
It's what he meant though: 
Nah. Too nonsensical.
That's a different lad I think. The former lad said the genes are the selfish ones, not us, the gene vessels.
I think I see where our disagreement lies. I was describing animals as selfish since they are being "guided" by an outside force natural selection to act selfishly even though they might consciously be acting out of altruism. So their actions are selfish, but their rationalization if they even have any might not be.
That's pretty much Kant's issue with good feel good deeds.
He was replying to me, and tht is what I had said earlier, so I still am under the impression that he wanted to argue that acting on behalf of selfish genes is in itself selfish behaviour. If he didn't, I have no idea what he intended to tell me, which I hadn't pointed out myself.
But if I prefer helping the poor to raping the poor doesn't that mean I'm ultimately beholden to what I think is the greater good?Doesn't it logically follow then that the only thing keeping me from being a pure altruist is the fact i lack the means to make everyone happy forever?
Animals don't always act selfishly though. They tend to act in ways that serves the conservation of their genes, not their selves.What's good for the genes and what's good for the self can be diametrically opposed.
Yes, I was arguing that selfish genes is pretty much equivalent to selfish behavior. I just don't think the animal's rationalization of their actions makes the actions themselves less selfish.
Kant doesn't consider this as problematic as people often think, though: as long a your behaviour is in line with the categorical imperative, you're fine, even if it does make you happy. His point is that the categorical imperative still holds up when this isn't the case.
take mother teresa for example. Her supposed motivations for helping all those people were lies masking her need to feel spiritually elevated relative to the rest of us. I love when people make really big claims that their argument rests on but they don't back them up.How are you going to posit that you KNOW someone's motivation for something but have no proof of it? You've most likely never met mother teresa. You probably also don't know anything about her, outside of a little of the press she received and general "common sense" appropriations about her. But so you still claim to somehow, magically know her innermost motivations for doing what she did.God, please fuck off you moron.
This could go back and forth forever. It just depends on if you think propagating your genes is selfish for the individual or selfish for the genes at the expense of the individual.
girlNot with those gorilla shoulders.
she's quite clearly rippedif she was a man she'd look much broader
And there we have it, you simply fail to understand what the words "selfish" or "egoism" mean, even if that is fucking simple as fuck. I mean, just look at the words: they indicate behaviour for the sake of an ego, a self. Not for something bigger than yourself, which you are part of, like, for example, your genes. The animal disregards its self, or ego, or whatever such creatures have in place of those, for the sake of something it shares with other animals, some of which do not even exist yet. If this isn't genuine altruism, you need to give us your own definition of that term.
You define genes as something different from the animal, I don't. Therefore we see their actions differently. That's as far as we're going to get.
Well, this argument often stands on the fact that nobody can really know why somebody actually does something, not even the persons themselves. As such the egotism vs altruism debate becomes moot in some regards. Personal opinion is still relevant though.
reducedThat's where you're fucking up OP, you're simplifying an idea until it fits into your narrow view.I can take any persons action and find some roundabout way that person benefits and it's easy to do because all actions have consequences and all consequences have pros and consOPs theory says more about the way we structure reality than the human condition
You define genes as something different from the animal, I don'tThat amounts to admitting you're wrong. You don't get to choose to ignore the difference between species and individual, or of genotype and phenotype, no way.
Genes are different from the animal, I could do a gel electrophoresis and prove it to you.
nothing beats solipsism, but too many people see this as a problem
You define genes as something different from the animal, I don't.Then how can identical twins be at different places at the same time?
But if you define the genes as something separate from the animal, are you the one ignoring genotype/phenotype/etc? We're talking about the actual, physical gene, not the information on them. Like, if you print two copies of picture and give them to two different people, they each treat it as their picture even though the information on the picture is the same between them.
So if you can remove something from an animal, you can't define it as part of the animal? My brain or any other body part can be removed from my body, that doesn't make it any less me.
Whoops, thought he meant that the genes were the animaas opposed to part of the animall, teaches me to not pay attention.
But if you define the genes as something separate from the animal, are you the one ignoring genotype/phenotype/etc?I never said they existed seperately, just that they are not identical.We're talking about the actual, physical gene, not the information on themyou just established the difference you are disputing. congratulations.
So if you can remove something from an animal, you can't define it as part of the animal?to focus on this, it depends on want you want. A limb cannot survive for long without the attachment to its body or another today.
I never said that they were identical, just that the physical organism and its genes are a part of them same whole and that genes + body = animal, and if you are judging the actions of the body without taking the genes into consideration you aren't accurately judging the actions of the animal.
I never said that they were identicalyou did, numerous times.just that the physical organism and its genes are a part of them same whole and that genes + body = animalgenes + body = animalThat is complete nonsense. The animal is the expression of genetic information in the form of a physical body, a process that, btw, is in no way straightforward, cf. epigenetics.and if you are judging the actions of the body without taking the genes into consideration you aren't accurately judging the actions of the animal.Indeed, the theory of evolution, including the account of Dawkins, provides a good explanation for how altruistic behaviour emerges as a way of reproducing genetic information. Since genetic information and actual physical specimens are not the same, it tells us fuck all about wther or not a behaviour can properly be characterized as altruistic, as that term is actually meaningless when applied to things that neither live nor act, like for example genetic information. Our conversation leads me to believe that metaphors such as the "selfish gene" for all they're worth may do more harm than good, as it apparently leads you to believe that genes have intentions.
So basically your argument, OP, is that absolutely everything you ever do is "selfish"?
Show me exactly where I said that genes are exactly the same thing as the animal that in no way could be interpreted as genes being an integral part of the animal. Still, you're describing the animal's behavior as altruistic when the whole point of "The Selfish Gene" was that "altruistic" behavior often is not truly altruistic, it's just acting selfishly from a genetic perspective often looks altruistic to an external observer.
Show me exactly where I said that genes are exactly the same thing as the animal that in no way could be interpreted as genes being an integral part of the animal.much obliged:it's just acting selfishly from a genetic perspectiveYou're making a categorical error there, though: genes do not have a perspective of their own, nor do they have a self-interest in a meaningful sense. As a physical reality, they fucking die with the animal they're part of. The only thing that survives is the information, i.e. the abstract configuration of molecules. That's what you call selfish right there: acting on behalf of information you don't know.
Those weren't my comments.
Misquoted the first one:That one was you, right? Otherwise you just got into our conversation without clarifying you're a different person.
since its causing confusion, just disregard the "pure" part. everything still holds
Do I genuinely feel "heroic" when I throw myself on a grenade?Or is that the justification my brain makes up to give my body the will to do what it knows it must?
Yes, that was me. I said genes were not different from the animal because they are an integral part of the animal, I didn't mean to imply they were exactly the same thing. Sorry for the confusion.
Oh well, in that case, it should be clear: selfishness on part of an integral compononent is not the same as selfishness on part of the whole.
so, even impure altruism is impossible? that is, the kind that comes mixed with non-altruistic motives? well, that is even greater nonsense.
Can't decide if this girl is sexy or not. Her legs look way too big and muscular and her shoulders way too broad but I still want to fuck her, she has a cute petite face.Is my desire to fuck her altruistic?
give in to the snu snu, faggot
Her legs look way too big and muscular and her shoulders way too broadshe has a cute petite face.She's not le pornstar skinny but that awful horse face is cute, somehowUnderage virgin confirmed
Projecting muchstill using 'ironic funny le'Underage redditing virgin confirmed
It's the latter, since it's a behaviour that also takes place in individuals that have no concept of self.
she's not le pornstar skinnyNice meme newfriend, welcome to 4chan. We don't really enjoy le funny le and ironic narwhal here. We also aren't annoying little fags, try to lurk for a few months before posting. In your case it should probably be years because 4chan is an 18+ website not for underage kids.
I just like helping people because it feels good. I just like people being happy or feeling satisfied. I dont have some hero complexat least not in the sense of helping people like that spreading joy really is nice
Why aren't you on your containment board /b/ child?
Jesus Christ I want her to crush my temples between her thighs until my head explodes, what the fuck man. How can someone be this sexy? Full clothed no less.
claiming "no action is ultimately altruistic" is just as reductive and unfalsifiable as claiming "all actions are ultimately altruistic"
Yes, OP, we know we live in the times where game theory and economics is the dominant way of rationalizing behavior. All you're saying here is what counts as common sense today. And if you were living in the middle ages, you would be saying self-interest is the work of the devil.Try harder.
Satan's trips do not lie!
Altruism may not be "perfect" in whatever sense you're trying to define it, but looking out for people and not wanting things in return, putting my own needs on a lower priority than others helps me sleep at night and it makes other people happy.
Was getting trips part of your plan?
everything you do is selfish, but some selfishness is more damaging than others
The leap is when you take this and imply that all forms of self-interest are equally good, which is not in evidence.
Who gives a fuck.
What a bad take on a meaningless topic.
This is my fetish and i'm /fit/ and strongno homo
This doesn't work for humans though, almost everyone hates his family at some point
What if the 'altruist' was egoless in his or her giving. Egolessness is subjective so only a person himself could know weather or not an action was truly egoless but knowing would require verification with the ego and therefore impossible. Therefore the altruist could only be one who is not altruistic.
pics
What you don't realize is that the answer doesn't matter. At all. It does not matter one lick to morality if altruism is possible or not.What is altruism? Acting for another's good without any thought to your own good. Now one could make your argument, that such a thing is impossible, one is always paying at least partial attention to one's own good, and it is impossible not to. Or one could argue endlessly trying to establish that you're wrong, that it is in fact possible to act completely selflessly. Either way, it doesn't matter except in our current corrupt moral system which identifies altruism as the highest good, to the point that it produces a bad conscience in anyone who benefits from their good deeds! We've created a kind of Kantian defomity where your action is only so good as you do it altruistically, regardless of the consequences it eventually produces. As long as you don't BENEFIT, it is moral.What is needed is to turn this decadent morality on its head, and say that altruism has NOTHING to do with morality. Nothing at all. Nothing. Doing good to others, BECAUSE you benefit from it, should be the law of the day. Seek eudaimonia through COOPERATION, pursue self-interest through MUTUAL BENEFIT, do well by doing good. What we need is for vast numbers of people to internalize the idea that instead of viewing morality as a kind of self-sacrifice, which is inherently offensive to our nature even if it is possible, viewing it as an opportunity. That happiness is the bedfellow of RIGHTEOUSNESS. That you can advance your own self-interest by advancing the interest of others, and it is in this that 99% of all proper social conduct consists.
Kant's ethical system is irrelevant. It's one of the worst normative ethical systems
The idea that true altruism can't exist is unfalsifiable.
maybe in the case of men.but billions of women have raised children, which gives virtually nothing back but sucks the literal life out of these women. how many women have died due to a pregnancy that they didn't want? dying to give life while being subjugated and demeaned for the very act is pretty selfless.
There go my sides
 which gives virtually nothing backwow my mom must have lied to me she told me she loves me
i can't fathom why a mother would love a miserable sack of shit that wastes his time on 4chan
but do you deserve her love or does she just feel like she probably should love you given that she risked death and sacrificed nearly everything to have you?
wow rudeI am good to her and reasonably successful in life and she's too affectionate to not be genuine
nature is a bitch
Altruism is a myth, otherwise capitalism wouldn't exist.
implying capitalism always existed
capitalism is based on rational self-interestThat's the joke, capitalism is shitty for almost everyone involved. Capitalism only works as long as people, even in the high echelons, sacrifice their self-interest for the sake of the enterprise.
Are you serious?
good to her in what ways?generally speaking, i can see how a daughter could give a mother immense satisfaction and joy, but there's so much negativity that comes from bringing a son into the world, factually speaking. i'm assuming you're male due to the way you present yourself. i mean women don't usually say things like "i'm reasonably successful therefore the love of my mother is deserved". females are expected from a young age to fake affection, btw
burjo bora :-DDDDD
That's a pretty shallow assessment of capitalism.Self-interest is a bit more complex than you're giving it credit for.
The genes and in the case of humans memes are the real self. Almost everything a healthy life form does is to propagate it's genetic and/or mimetic information. An organism is just a puppet the genes create to protect themselves, thoughts have a similar relation to the people they inhabit.Prove me wrong.
I don't think I am missing any particular complexities in my assertion that capitalism depends on altruism, but why don't you point them out intead of just stating that I'm missing something?
is that from James Rachels' 'Elements of Moral Philosophy' ?
reducing physical entities to abstract informationAbstract information cannot be scientifically observed. This is reductionism is particularly nonsensical.
males are funny i.e. not funny because everything they do is for the ultimate purpose of reproducing. yet the only thing they're giving of their actual selves is their little degraded y-chromosome that doesn't do anything but fuck shit up. the x that they give is really their mother's so it's not like they actually have anything of value to give that's actually their own.
Switching tactics, I see. Protip: you're trying way too hard.
well no what was said just reminded me of that and i felt like saying it?? because it's true?? that is, rooted in reality?? plus it's on topic b/c it shows that obviously male reproduction is selfish, but female reproduction isn't.
. An organism is just a puppet the genes create to protect themselves, thoughts have a similar relation to the people they inhabit.he was right all along
have they been brainwashed to aspire for glory, too?Instinctively, yes. but not to aspire glory but for their genes to be passed on.
Imagine those thighs wrapped around your neck squeezing tightly until it becomes unbearably painful.
You realize your argument boils down to "I'm sure everyone's selfish because I'm sure they are!", right? Fuck your soldier. If a mother burns up trying to save her child in a house fire, do you think that mom was "possessed/brainwashed by yadda yadda" or just was so desperate to save her child she disregarded her own safety? Was she a "junkie devoid of free will"? Horseshit. Many MANY people have died for what they considered a worthy cause, and not because "thoroughly possessed by the idea of sacrifice as an ultimate good," but because they honestly considered something to be more important than their personal survival. I don't believe you or anyone is stupid enough to not recognize that aspect of human nature.
OP cannot possibly be older than 17It is so juvenile to talk about "altruism," "heroism" and "self-interest" as if they were points on a scoreboard or figures in a ledger.Go do something for someone. Has anyone ever truly sacrificed for you? Have you actually experienced the emotions that you're so callously quantifying? The consequences of real-life actions and the complexity of relationships are not things that can be bloodlessly categorized or clinically examined.You talk like someone who has only the vaguest understanding of how people work, most like gleaned from a half-comprehended reading of a book thats too advanced for you. There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
most likely***Point stands, sir!
i believe pure anything is impossibe, and that the way to surpass egoism is through embracing altruism as wellan egoistic altruist, or altruistic egoist if you will, someone capable of pursuing and acting in the interests of others and themself
As the benefit of others serves the self, yes, fully agree.Good thread, good legs.
Kill yourself.
thinspiration gap
On it's head this is true, but does this make self-sacrifice for an idea, even if it's self-serving, ignoble?tl;drSo?
altruism means I can't feel good about doing selfless things because that's selfishYeah, okay. Sure.
/fit/ girlsYou can't expect me to put any sort of attention in what you're saying if you post my fetish.More, please.
Well, yeah. That's exactly what a goddamn phenotype is anon, the genotype combined with environment give whatever is the function and appearance of something. We are our genes and how their products have been affected while we grew up
donate money to charity publiclyyou're doing it for attentiondonate anonymouslyyou're doing it so you can pat yourself on the back about being "so selfless" and "not needing gratitude :^" a friend diesyou're sad not because they're dead, but because they'll never make you happy againeverything is done out of selfishness
You can say the exact opposite too. Everything is done to provide successful offspring. Not very selfish from an evolutionary standpoint, especially consider the mutualism found in natural cycles. Anything can be equally argued dude.
Retard
Bullshit
i love her
A plebeian? A full-grown person whose interests are of a material and commonplace nature, and whose mentality is formed of the stock ideas and conventional ideals of his or her group and time. I have said “full-grown” person because the child or the adolescent who may look like a small pleb is only a small parrot mimicking the ways of confirmed vulgarians, and it is easier to be a parrot than to be a white heron. “Vulgarian” is more or less synonymous with “plebeian”: the stress in a vulgarian is not so much on the conventionalism of a plebeian, as on the vulgarity of some of his conventional notions. I may also use the terms “genteel” and “bourgeois”. Genteel implies the lace-curtain refined vulgarity, which is worse than simple coarseness. To burp in company may be rude, but to say “excuse me” after a burp is genteel, and thus worse than vulgar. The term bourgeois I use following Flaubert, not Marx. Bourgeois, in Flaubert’s sense, is a state of mind, not a state of pocket. A bourgeois is a smug plebeian, a dignified vulgarian . . . generally speaking, plebeianism presupposes a certain advanced state of civilization, where, throughout the ages, certain traditions have accumulated in a heap and have started to stink.
seems about right. don't know if i agree with the genteel part all together, although if something vulgar is done purposefully and the "cover" is feigned i agree 100% as it makes it almost worse, like trying to be an asshole and cover yourself with a little wafer thin cover of fake manners.
don't know if i agree with the genteel part all togetherCause you are one.
Last I checked a plebeian was an Ancient Roman commoner. Chances are if I see anyone using the term for anything other than that, I'm going to just presume they're cunts. Just read the books you want to read and stop bitching about the masses.
doing a thesis on nabokov and his ambivalent repulsion/attraction to psychoanalysisdue in 4 monthsplease kill me
meaningless distinctions for those preoccupied with appearances
You sound like a relatively non-shitty edgewad. I like you.
Is he the biggest cunt of all time?
start being apathetic about the wirkd you live inlive like me No.
300 word essay meme
What are good examples of characters representing the mind/consciousness?
posts on 4chandoesn't know  is that character
10/10
Alright, now that we got that out of our system, I would still be thankful for relevant examples.
characters representing the mind/consciousnessI don't think I understand the question.. how the fuck would that even work? As a very shitty allegory? Or are we merely talking about a character who is focussed on his mental capacities?
Exactly as an allegory..Characters that represent the consciousness of someone or aspects of it.
In Brothers K, each character represents a different disposition of the mind; rationalizing, selfish, faithful, sensualist, etc. Best I can think of..
What are different divisions of the mind? Greece versions? enlightenment versions? modern ones?
Kenyon from Marble Faun.Second this though. Do you mean mind as soul, or mind as the nexus between man and soul, mind as rationality, etc...
obviously tyler durden
And Then There Were None where each character represents certain spooks inbred as the core of the char's consciousness.
All 3 from fight club, the girl and man child.
Hello, you guys are probably smart because you read a lot but how do you know you learned something with the book if you don't get tested on it?Like in university you read a book and then you get asked questions about it so you have to read it really hard and make notes and stuff and still you struggle to get by. So when a chump like you reads a book on anything do you actually retain even 10% of what you read?
I'm not smartI don't read a lot 3 novellas 1 essay and "half" non-fiction door stopper this weekI write "reading reports" because it's very useful that's how i do.ibn4 autist less developed serglord
Imagine taking a class on the entire meme trilogy.BONUS ROUND: Finnegans Wake
Meh. Universities continually turn out graduates who don't know anything about what they took anyway.
I read for pleasure, not to learn.Any learning that occurs is just a positive side-effect.
I take what I take from it by applying myself fully to it within reasonable bounds. Reasonable bounds being I don't fucking give a shit to find out what happens in the final third of The Fault in our Stars. I do not apply myself studiously, I aplly myself thoroughly by giving the text be it fiction or not the appropriate attention to comprehend its meaning and to try and filter out the author's intent these contrasting pints can differ. If I do not understand a part after my already full attention to it I shall not dwell on it, might come back if it's referenced further on. I, I don't think anybody can fully comprehend everything they read or watch - but then also sometimes you get something out if it that was not intended and this depends on variables that were established before our births and we shape continually by how we live our lives, for one thing we can only understand what we are open to comprehend and by this I mean that it would be impoosible for me to come close to anything but an artificial abstract and slightly projective image of the life of an sea monster living in the earth's crust if such a creature were to exist, yet I can undestand the complexities in full about why my mother doesn't smile at me like she did at my younger brother now when he was 8 and not me at the same time where I was only 12 then also because I've been conditioned to my surroundings and can make sense if them, and this is especially true since I've always been an observant little shit. Same concept that I apply to why most kids know how to get their father, who is a rock to the outside world, to cry like a little girl with a few select words or actions.
It's a huge problem for me.From here: blog entry, ignore if you don't enjoy ramblings.I read a lot. I study a lot. I've finished 3 Bachelors degrees. Went on to study some exotic joint degree History-Cultural Studies mix because I'm a tard who's interested in this stuff and didn't consider having a relevant degree for the economy out there was too important for the record: I did get a white collar job, slightly above office monkey tier and also for the record: studying here is almost free, it's more an opportunity cost calculation that one must consider.I've read dozens of books on philosophy, history, sociology as well as some selected texts on neurology. All besides the required reading for my "proper" degrees and some fiction.I can now say that i probably only retained 1% of all this stuff. It's highly depressing. Studying the humanities wasn't a mistake due to money, but because so little remains. It might be a problem with my brain, who knows. Maybe I'm extremely forgetful or burnt out. I heard "chemo brain" exists and I had chemo-therapy. Maybe it's that.I'd love to read and recall. Coffee does help. Repetition feels dreadful when you read/study for interest and not exams. I just want to read and retain at least a little bit.So this is the truth: my 8 years in academia has been vainglorious vanity.I shall monitor this thread... maybe I did something very wrong.
Should have said that the History degree was a MSc. So 4 degrees and nothing to show for it. Economics, CS, Cultural Studies with History and Philosophy.
i took literature of the non-western world which btw doesn't include Russia and sparknotes'd all of the things we read and got an A. Africa produces horrid literature.If you read for enjoyment, you retain the information. If you read for a class it's work and you sparknotes it so that you can read what you actually want to read.fuck liberal arts
I'm very similar to you anon. Similar life story, Degrees, etc. Short version is: this is why humanities and politics should be strictly side-pursuits. Get a minor or a double major.Superiority of STEM is in part via fact that you don't read information, you read and then practice it.
4chan's recommended philosophy books?
Meditations by Marcus Aurelius
thanks for the OP image, it had slipped from my minde remember the meny keks i hed frem thet emege
Only since the other is at the brink of getting purged, yet leaving so many works without proper critique.I'll begin with my collection.an excerpt of a piece I'm giving more serious attention to, its abstractness precludes me from finding any good material to follow from.it is with a strengthening envy alongi trip the axis in celestial danceand point heavenwards where bellowed longmy thunder, filling sky's expanse.to a wilderness that's me and once belongdo from which i'm divine selectdawdle, in return for defeating songthen sit to pour from old spirits.an outline serene, pierced this dimming phase.your spectre, in past reflection grows.all striking resemblance but shrouding hazein which no fashion worse could pose.Should I just leave it out altogether? Also, all serious submissions are accepted, please don't leave anything unattended.
A New Age is BornStick it up your fucking arse,you don't know shit,your fucking time is past.Shot out of your mother's clit,they should've fucking killed you thenyou ugly sweat-stained bullshit artist.You're a ponce, you like to suck of menand stretch the place that should be farting.'You only get Aids if you're gay',my dad said, he knew his shit:he drunk ten cans of beer a day,he really made the most of it.So no more writing about how youlike to think about pink flowers and othergay shit like a cow's fucking moo,a cow is a cow and a whore is your motherwho squirted out your worthless bodyriddled with stupid bollocks about nature.You'll never write enough for an audibecuase you're a big fat fucking faker.
I liked the imagery in your second one :3That's not even in any sort of meter.Hexadexaiambically fucked up.
Fuck off.
Cautullus, is that you?I'm not feeling this m80. It's too literal and shock-based. There's nothing wrong with vulgarity in poetry but this isn't even poetic. I'm kind of cautious about critiquing because you sound bitter as fuck.
I hide I sleep ehMay I die I stop thinking Shame pours overRemorse infiltratesHate grows within uhEscape is toKick the bucketScary ayePainful twitching Coward Living with hateSorrow beats me upSolution is toChange itScarier right?Hurts more not even bitching Sick of being a cowardDissect self, screaming fateVoice cracks upRepair egoEyes, founts of tearsFar away, life is seen
Don't give a shit what you think.Sorry that it is too classical for your damp poncey philosophising.
I'm not  but:Civility, man. We're not jumping you here. Seriously, what did you expect when you come to a critique thread, submit, only to drop bombs on everyone that dares near you? That's stupid, I'll tell you that upfront.
are you 12?
When the bandits have stolen your jewelry and goneAnd your crippled young gypsy, he's grown tall and strongAnd your dead misconceptions have proven you wrongWell then, princess, where you plannin' to turn to?When your magazine memory has spun you aroundAnd you realize your lovers were just painted clownsAnd outside your window you start hearing soundsWhere they're building a cross for to burn youWhen all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your teardrops go sour and no longer fallThe splash cross the virgin that lives down the hallAnd spends all her nights with an ear to your wallWell then, what will you have you can offer?When the firedancers finish and leave you aloneWith nothing but embers and sacks full of stoneThat hang 'round your neck, slicing through to the boneWill there still be a place for your laughter?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your shattered illusions come a-tumblin' homeAnd all of the butchers you've nourished have grownAnd they are suddenly able to leave you aloneAnd they run like slaves that are set freeWhen your questions are answered and your pleading is doneAnd your mind starts a-screaming that you ain't the oneThat once dwelled within you, will you turn, will you runBut princess, will you come home and get me?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?
Was the point of this to be as incongruous as possible? There is no specific meter or rhyme scheme. Moreover, your diction fails to convey any feelings or images at all.
I'm hard as nails.Niggger, yeah I went there.
am i a pleb if i like this
no specific meter or rhyme schemeliterally abab rhyme schemeAnon, please.
You think I give a fuck about the rules?Oh no, my poem about how gay most poetry is isn't gay enough, whatever shall I do?
The Locals Eat ChipotleAnd me, I’m no stranger to culms of bamboo.In bubbling cauldrons of hot pork chop stew.The cyanide, coconut, sweet pickled string stalks Are tumbling down streets where they don’t know the climate.Atlantic coast rock beaches native to pandas Where leopards and rice-field ratssleep at the wharf of Boothbay.Don’t go confusing home life with hotelsThings never do work out When we lie to ourselvesHow could a personstill live that way now? Turning limp cartwheelsin dried up canals.The spirits you slept on moved West after Wednesday And now all the paddies are next door to juice stands.Where forty years prior our ancestors just made itAnd half of me used to fly in plasticine steamships Your other side sometimes still overcooks the brothAll of the reverends you made into statues Are kind of at fault now for why they can’t move.Don’t you forget what old acronyms spellThings often don’t work when we lie to ourselvesAnd you, half your pride points are rooted in skin tone.So forty-five colors are all royal purpleWhile orange pulp and pajama robes falter towards laminateCard stock and flower headswallop propellor fins Slithering adjectives grope to your viscera Holinshed’s ospreys are fishing for contretemps Masked finfoots fulminate over your nakedness How could we get lost inside such minor acreage?Often when we sneak aroundThings don’t work out When we lie to ourselves

Arse, PastArtist, FartingBut anon, it doesn't stick to this; only the last three stanzas have abab.
A fair amount of well-regarded poets were rolling pussy in their day, I hope you realize that. Stupid question: is The Locals Eat Chipotle meant as an opening line or simply a title? It works both ways for the most part, I'm just curious about where you're intentions are.
It's eye rhyme, do you even read poetry?
tfw a dumb troll is getting more attention than anyone in this thread asking for a serious critique
Are you though?
His time is almost up. Please be understanding.
This.Everybody just ignore the troll and move on.
Fucking pussyholes.
All of the eye rhyme I've seen is normally more similar visually than "arse" and "past." "Artist" and "farting" is bit more obvious, but it is still a tad dissimilar.
I realize this sounds a bit archaic; I need to read more modern poetry. Working on that.What legion scales this narrow steepTo drive that monstrous brigand henceWho stole upon me sleeping sweetTo make my keep a bandit's tent?He rapes my stores, he drains my casks,Through drafty halls his croak resoundsHis hollow bark and crooked laughCommand a ring of slav’ring houndsEvacuate that sucking leech,He quaffs my blood from carnal vatsHe tyrannizes thought and speech,That bloody ulcer growing fatThat lucid air is sounding now,A music with a foreign bendIn golden rills it signals loud:The despot's rule come to an end
 song lyrics, disregard kolstiall need critique except those two i mentioned
kolstiSo it's copypasta?
Instead of telling others to critique, why don't you help the process along and do it yourself?
why is it necessary to read modern poetry? You can use modern words without reading modern poetry...
I'm sending all my words backto the people who need them--people who wear scars likewar trophies, like jewelry, likean identification for those sufferingfrom the same acceptance ofself-hate. this is to the peoplewho sleep with one eye open, whocry when footsteps enter their roomat night; this is to the girlswho love by cutting their heartsinto snowflakes and watchingthem melt. I left you behind andI can't be sorry for that.you are the type of beautifulthat kindly asks the worldto fuck off. the days we buriedhave decomposed, headstones aresnapshots; sanitized breakdowns,rusty tongues, sighs lacedwith fear, I love you, I loveyou. saturdays were the bestbecause we could sleep throughthe nightmare. you painted me apicture of the world with your wordsand they made us wash it awayfor being transparent.we were afraid of nothingbut the monsters in our eyelids.back then, we counted dayslike shooting stars; it took 67to wish myself away. thisis for you, skygazer; I keep youin my fingers because youslipped through the holes inmy heart.
My other works
some awful enveloped pentameter with iambs and anapests. I'm most interested in writing about digital life in edgy visual free verse but I have to practice actual metre and such first.The StreamI'll peddle excuses for you if promised notTo be forgotten. Please review my requests,My dearth of sentiment and soulless nestOf Consumables, packages, and detached plain thoughts.You've nothing left to feel, yet tastes must be formed.But have all seen my nail collection? They've droppedFrom my body, pained toes and cast-offs, pasted -- cropped.I'll bookmark and save, contribute greased and porned.Don't force it if it doesn't feel natural. The subject and images you've sought there wouldn't work otherwise.Hmm. Very expressive, that's for sure, but too oppressive and single minded for me - but it's plain to see that's what you're going for. Watch out for cliches "kick the bucket" and overwrought phrases "repair ego".
true but I take inspiration from older poetsby modern I don't mean modern words strictly, but modern forms
Today she was riding her bicycle to work, breathing in the ripe spring air, the sun flashing behind tall buildings.She was putting her jacket in her locker, hanging her helmet on the hook.She was reading emails, writing emails, deleting emails.She was walking to the café with her co-workers, carrying her red silicone cup, laughing.She was taking phone calls, making phone calls.She was taking a photo of her boss staring out the window, trying to think of a good caption.She was sitting in the courtyard, shaded by a small tree in new bloom, eating falafel and a sliced apple.She was straightening the things on her desk.She was twisting a small bunch of hair between her fingers as she held the cursor over 'Send'.She was reading a blog post written by someone funny, about a movie she hadn't seen yet.She was setting out next week's appointments and meetings in the diary.She was stepping out into the cool air, looking up to find an evening star.She was choosing a bunch of bananas from the display, tapping her thumb on the handle of her basket.She was brushing her shoes on the doormat, trying to fit the key into the lock with too little light.She was on the phone with a friend across the world, listening, smiling.I was sitting on the bus, thinking about her.Why can't I write happy poems, lit?
My mind did not even stir once reading all those words.
lol seems like you can't write good ones either
I've been writing poetry for a decade.I can barely manage to push myself to write nowadays, let alone focus if I initiateWhen I start reading something that resembles poetry now, my brain practically shuts off and I immediately begin scrolling. I used to love reading all sorts of poetry. I don't think I can enjoy it anymore.
song lyrics. critique always appreciatedPrince faced fox is racingSub-urb-stray some dog he's chasingCherub red crash-test car he's speedingStage read dead prince he's drama lovingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endFoxy street sleek sidewalk skippingFixed face fox prince is grinningPrince street dance like a child prancingSome torn up slum the prince fun lovingWake up prince he's never sleepingPrince midnight sleep he's always waitingDaytime prince dream he's walkingBacks of his eyes, matte black paradingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endPrince pretend genuine-ingPrince pretend genus defendingOut-lied fox genus never endingThey're para-dicing island skippingSnakebite prince throat chewingSnake throat choke he's writhingWatch him screeching, watch fox screechingSnake stuck prince throat he's screamingPeter Prince he's neverlandingPeter Prince and he's never endingRush ahead, his delta's comingAnd his black sea's staring, the prince is cryingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's end
I enjoyed this. You have great ideas.
Is this a meme?
There was no poignancy in her deathThe air was still and scentedOnly the somber efficiency of the pallbearers allowed for any sense of forward motionOnce lowered, we laugh-as tribute to another timeShe would not have liked that
Que muera la poesía en mi caja torácicaque ya no soporto el dolor al abrazarme tan fuerte a mi mismaEstabas allí antes de nacer, mucho antes Te veo difuminadoarrastrando tus extremidades hacía mi, aletargado¡qué dolor! cómo separarme, cómo impedirmeloEfusivamente necesito tu alientote quiero cálido e imperfecto, te quiero mudo con ojos de cocodriloquiero que los límites los ponga la gravedad, no el desazónequiparando el amor con el drama, siempre, que no se borran estos dolores de palabrasque no vesque no vestirsequé esculpido está el destino si uno confía en las maldicionestantas jodidas bromas infinitasconquisté para mi reino cada centímetro imprudentemente de tu cuerpo.
Bump
My time is swiftly rolling onWhen I must faint and die;My body to the dust returnAnd there fergotten lie.Let persecution rage aroundAnd Antichrist appear;My silent dust beneath the ground;There's no disturbance there.To call poor sinners to repentAnd seek their Savior dear.My brother preachers, boldly speakAnd stand on Zion's wall.Confirm the drunk, confirm the weakAnd after sinners call.My loving wife, my bosom friend,The object of my love,The time's been sweet l've spent with you,My sweet and harmless dove,My little children near my heartMy warm affections know.From each the path will I attend.O from them can I go?!O God, a father to them beAnd keep them from all harm,That they may love and worship TheeAnd dwell upon Thy charm.How often you have looked fer meAnd often seen me come.But now I must depart from theeAnd nevermore return.My loving wife, don't grieve fer me,Neither lament nor mourn;Fer I will with my Jesus beAnd dwell upon his charm.
I'm not a big fan of prose poetry, so I'm probably being prejudiced, but I didn't care for this too much. It's a bit too literal, and didn't have any striking imagery. I think this would work better as a prose piece.Like you yourself said, this is quite abstract. Unlike a lot of free verse that gets posted on /lit/, this has a pretty good rhythm. I'm not really sure what it's trying to convey, but I like how it sounds when read aloud.This has a very stilted rhythm, but I think for what it's conveying that works well. Can you explain the "eh" and "uh" bits? I'm not particularly fond of this, but I like that it manages to be stark and spare without being too edgy like a lot of depressing poetry.This has a bouncy rhythm that I like. Uses repetition well, too. I found it vaguely funny, not sure if that was intentional. Interesting word choices, like "magazine memory".A rare specimen of good free verse, best ITT.Lovely poem. Dope enjambment. Really like "the days we buried/have decomposed".And now for my paltry lines:Idle is a darkened mindIt wants to stray, but cannot findA thing to claim its fading dayIt finds no rest, as vapid wavesThroughout its lofty chambers spillTill drowned in empty thought, it fills
Townes van Zandt wrote this and I always thought it sounds a lot like It's All Over Now Baby Blue by Bob Dylan at least lyrically.
a rare specimen of good free verseK-k-kolsti?but in all honesty, it's really well done.
I like this, good job having proper rythm and metreGets weaker as it goes though, I thinkThe theme is also a bit thin, but I enjoyed overrall.Here is a modest one of mine I think I might have posted last threadTrough the keyhole, I cannot seethe picture whole, only slightly,can I perceive the symphonyof what happens behind the door.Yet I spend days, trying to catchtrying to heartrying to watchwhat would happen, if I perhaps,could slide a finger trough the gapsAt night, though, I do wellI can picture great shining bells,the marble walls of citadelsthat await me behind the door.I dread the hour someone like meled by a marvelous idea,will, through this keyhole alignhis wondering gaze into mine.
I decided to synthesize a period of highschool poems I wrote about this girl, with a much-improved sense of rhythm but all of the cringe of the past.The pain, and the pangs, swirl into a neurotoxin,Obsessing like I'm depraved so I fight the thoughts with more thoughtsIn the vein of self-deprecation, pre-emptive self-preservationFor if I even approached you I'd just invite condemnationBut I'm stuck 'cause this mental mixture is now a permanent fixtureI'm too fucked too be included, but you're always in the pictureOn my mind's eye, so despite my certitude that I'm unworthyWhen I'm in your presence I can't force myself to stop observingI'm too insecure to hold your gaze past a few secondsIt's confusing that you'd even grace my being with your essence.I curse the fates for feeding me this dream,.Curse destiny for stringing me along to make it seemLike you might ever deem me more than insignificant or wretchedWish that I could shake you from my soul just like an etch-e-sketchBut I'd rather shatter it first.Once you started speaking to me I didn't know what to doI didn't want to be myself 'cause that wasn't worthy of youBut there was no one else for me to be,You would've never needed me,So when you asked to lean on me to sleep I couldn't breatheThe pattern of our morning bus ride ritual 'cause I believedThat I deserved breath less than you deserved undisturbed restWhile granting me the gift of feeling your face near my chest,Your hair so soft and the steady rise and fall of your breastThe afternoon that you invited me into your life,I refused it out of fear, idiocy rationalized,I wish that you had pushed and that I wasn't such a piece of shit'Cause even as it happened I just knew that that was it:There would never be another chance,Said no 'cause I was fucking scared to dance.I don't buy into superstition nor intuition,But the feeling I got when I saw you walk into the officeThat one day when I was late to class, and thought it was oddIn retrospect seems like a warning since that's the last time that I saw youWhich doesn't matter much.You're the first person I was certain I was in love with,Haven't overwhelmed my cowardice 'cause I *still* don't have the might."'Tis better to have loved and lost," they say; I say,'Tis better to have tried and failed, than have declined, and failed despite.
In comes off as lyrics really. I read it with a cadence that people probably won't pick up on unless they're trying to fit it into a meter the same way that I am, so there are for instance some fucked-looking rhythm patterns.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
noicemore alliteration needed
Fairy dust...Dust, dust at dusk,Purple sky and sparkles fly,Ashes in the ocean now,To and fro, forever--how?Moon, and moonlight,in the sky below--Reflection of reflectionReflected in your eyes,Full of the sky,You fear to tear,You fare to tear,Another strip of soul to bareUpon the rack and dry and blackAs raisins, withered, brazen,Only 'til a challenge rears it's horrid head,Dysphoria, enigmatic, ever-presentDysphoria, aenergetic, effervescent,Boiling, roiling to surround the mind,Of a monkey, in a cage,Invisible though present day to day,Swimming, only,Through this dark'ning pool,Dusk is no longer,The sky reflects the night,Reflects the light,Reflects the might of solitary unitsEver further away than one might imagine,For, you see it here,But closer as you get,As you comprehend it with your mind,You'll never find that you've arrived,until it's time,Like plants which one might find to skip though time--Or simply die, wither and die--When one turns the blind eye to spy,To fly, Aladdin rides the sky like surfers ride the Nile,To walk the sky, I'll need a magic carpet made of warmth,And warmth, and warm in color, and warm another way,The way that leaves of it's own accord,Or the way that was taken by the sky itself,And its reflected subject,Off a cliff and into the rays,Into the sky and drifting,Into clouds,into stars,nothing.
let me know if I got the metre down at least.Threefold TreeThe sighing, shrugging evening sun does floodAnd drench the branches 'cross my threefold tree.The fronds and arms more near the star most glow.Transmissions warm and bathed - recall my bliss.Between excels the green comfort of limbsGone out on, pleased apartment, girlfriend, more...But distant from the sun's assuring rays, Hang hardened arteries and photo sets.
The meter is consistent, straight iambic pentameter. Your word choice flows very well within said meter; you really make use of the iambs.Simple and bittersweet. Direct, but not so much that I mind it.
Reminiscent of Poe in form, theme and verbiage. The rhythm is consistent, and the ambiguity makes the poem somewhat suspenseful. I'm left with questions and compelled enough to reread.
Looking down at what I've done I begin to shudderAs I stare at what protrudes As I stare at where my skin becomes meat The fine line between pale white and crimsonPain and pleasure When was the last time someone caressed my skin..Racked with pain the agony takes holdIt holds a gentle light against the insanityEver welcoming the path lies well trodden Paved and obscure the curious lie closeWhen was the last time I felt curiosity...Again a wave of pain shackles me to realityAgain I shudder and again I start to cryIt wasn't meant to end like thisI only wanted to be like everyone elseI just wanted to be normalFull of myself and confidenceInstead I've broken all the mirrors in rageWhen was the last time I caught myself smiling...AgainAnd again Until the rhythmic waves of pain align with my very beingEnduring the relativity of the time I have left I'll live a thousand different lives before I dieBy my very own handsHave I always felt this empty..I feel as though it needs something
The ShedThe livid clamour echoed and bangedOff steel walls where true wrath hanged,Dangling and loose, and ready to be graspedBy murderous intent which these two masked.As the standing laughed at the seated, Whose composure was almost depleted,He did not take heed of his scrunched glowerBecause it was hid under the roof's cold bower.Approaching now to rub it in,Shamelessly flaunting sardonic grin,Well unaware of the claw that sat besideThe glazed over boy that did not meet his eyes.Turned towards with endearment to deceive,It would not be the boy but his mother bereaved,As handle shot up and in the same motion fell On curly, black locks where blood began to well.
I made this a while ago and I really want to improve it while still keeping the simplicity, not really sure where to start.I wish I was the showerthat cleans you of your fearsevery drop a part of mecovering your naked body and soulas the old drops drip awaynew ones take their placeuntil you've had enoughand turn me offand that's oknow it's my turn to showerand your turn to wash awaywhen we're no longer dirtywe'll leave this cursed placewe'll go to where there is no wenor I nor you nor theysomewhere new and magicalthat words cannot explain
it's gay
"I like it" is all the praise you get, but it also conveys no meaning to me in its current form whatsoever.
Think of how your time is spentThe open graves of the innocentMaggots writhe in decaying shitThere's a place for you in the burning pitBlackened eyes and broken backsOur masks are showing signs of cracksThe victims never stay pink and freshThat's the folly of the flesh Let's destroy and dance merrily onA singing parade of carrionAll your hate has locked the gateBe quick or fall on the butchers plate Charons boat can carry allYou can writhe but don't we allIt's hard to breathe in the rising blackThe hangmans noose is losing slackLet all the banners be unfurled A flood of rot to drown the worldLet the dirge find every earThe master and end are growing near!
Really? I agree about the Dylan influence but at least in terms of basic formatting, I think it's much more influenced by Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands.
With milk-white harts upon an ivory sled  Thou shalt be drawn amidst the frozen pools,  And scale the icy mountains' lofty tops,  Which with thy beauty will be soon resolved.
hate to ask, but could anyone critique this please?
this is poetry thread not song lyrics thread
soon, sunyou are the only one flaming, we burst! a partof our bonfires were built-in.the cosmos’s name:Don’t-Wilt-In-The-Heat.now we’re sailing, alone in our thirst. we tried to drink the sea.without the day to steer, you fear the rolling.don’t forget that Motion is me. gulp down my cult-salt;let me cure the spells you misspokefolk-songs reverberatingrevering never dying.surrender, my ether. burn me up! are you still able tosit at the tables of witchesyou’ve staked your claim on?i’ve journeyed to neither-worldsclambered, threw god undersnake-sticks and amber resin. please let this be a lesson:if you attempt to tamp me downi’ll crash some waves upon this town
lyrics are poetry in all but name. granted, generally bad poetry, but it's not as if there's anything of merit to comment on in here anyway. but yeah even forgiving that this was written to be song lyrics, it's a waste of time to even attempt to critique given that it's nothing but gratuitous repetition and clumsy alliteration. also lazily making up words for no reason is not really a thing to do.
it's bastardized
What song/rhythm? Hard to without
ii wrote some shit about this gas station next to campusbehind the concrete box gas stationthere’s a curvature in the shrubberyhole cut in the fence lining.four point o from a high school out eastglided over black tar solid pavementwith arms and hands weightlessin between the secret entrance;ground covered in his family’s tobaccokentucky bourbon bottles empty fromother stumbling top-classers and their lostred bowties and blue boat shoesSigma Alpha Epsilon and Zumi-Zumihe’s lost a mile away from a couch forty miles from his couchas he corners around the grey cube hugging the wall until the Chandler hospitallights blind him stepping to the front—the natty ice mating call, tripping over homeless,underaged beer gut underveloped emotionally;the smartest man out of Rowan’s high school engineering programlooks a little terrified of the automatic doors in front of him.
bump
A 4.0 and poetry a shit, try again later.
Think of how your time is spentThe open graves of the innocentMaggots writhe in decaying shitThere's a place for you in the burning pitBlackened eyes and broken backsOur masks are showing signs of cracksThe victims never stay pink and freshThat's the folly of the flesh Let's destroy and dance merrily onA singing parade of carrionAll your hate has locked the gateBe quick or fall on the butchers plate Charons boat can carry allYou can writhe but don't we allIt's hard to breathe in the rising blackThe hangmans noose is losing slackLet all the banners be unfurled A flood of rot to drown the worldLet the dirge find every earThe master and end are growing near!
Bucólica voluntad la de mi padreaún veo el huerto, sus pies danzando sobre las colifloresdesordenando la vida, imitando el baile del poeta borrachocon tal frenesí que tiembla el suelo.Coge un arma, me diceEscóndeteaunque pueda volar sin oponer resistenciaSoraya, soraya, no eres inmortaly yo soy inmoralAhí está mi padreSeco, ojos rojos de lagartoDragón viejo, aún creyéndose importanteAhí está mi padreY no tengo el arma,tengo doscientas cincuenta y tres palabrotas con las que pelearTengo dos pies, zapatitos blancosPero mi padre sigue merodeando¿Protector o cazador?Han muerto las colifloresHuelo y me ahogo con su chaqueta de cueroLos ladrillos no están sueltosforman una unidad fuerte, orgía incapaz de terminarse¡De poco me servís!Porque mi padre danza, en círculos, espirales diabólicasPorque es capaz de echar fuego, es capaz de romper el techo estrelladoSigue ese hombre que representa todo lo que detestomanos arrugadas, whisky, corruptoTengo tierra entre las uñas, y sangre por las espinas de las rosasAhí está el criminal de mi padrepostrado, desafiando a los dioses,después de conseguir que este ángel muerael secreto que desconoce, mi querido padrees que puedo arrastrarme silenciosamente como las serpientesque he creado mi propio venenoque morderé sus pies, que caerá ensimismadoAquí está la hijacon cuchillos en forma de vocalescon danzas que mesmerizan, con santos rezándome
Have some shitty OC poetry!Gentile ManMan: A person with the qualities often associated with males such as bravery, spirit, or toughness.I am a ManMen are born, or so they sayThey insist it has been that wayMen are born then they dieThough now, I see through that lieMen are not bornBeasts are born and Beasts are namedMan is made when The Beast is tamedThe Beast was one that was wild and freeIt couldn’t exist in societyBeasts are wildThe Man was told from tender ageHe must throw The Beast into a cageIt’s for the best, is what they would sayIt was for the best, lock The Beast awayThe Cage was darkThe Cage was where the Beast would stayKept cruelly from the light of the dayThen the Man was taught to hide his pawsTaught to file his teeth and to blunt his clawsThe Beast was loudBecause the beast was born with lust and rageIt rejected confinement, rattled it’s CageIt wished to roam and riot and feelBut existed in torment, wrapped in steelThey quelled the noiseThey removed its voice as they taught the manTaught him to be proper with a gentle handThe relentless howls of murderous gleeThey were muted by silent soliloquyThe Man was braveHe vowed to go and tame The BeastHe would go alone, hunt while they feastHe knew not from whence The Beast once cameThough he had been taught that the Beast could be tamedHe was stupidHe thrust into darkness to end his questThinking taming The Beast would be for the bestWhen he found the Beast had calmed with ageHe made a mistake and opened the cageThen I was freeI left nothing of Man behindBetter to die then to be confinedMust be quiet now, can’t cause distressI’ll be thrown to The Cage, just like the restI am a ManI’ll tread carefully on these padded pawsI will hide my fangs and I will stow my clawsWhen they come to talk of hunt and feastThey will find just a Man, and not The Beast~N
Love is an angel's soul-boat;My soul is drifting down a river;I quiver;Shake my sense into the moat.I'm a drowning soul-man, nothing more......and certainly nothing less.
I'm getting that rhythm, and I think that if it were worked over a bit it could be a really nice piece of slam poetry. There're a few metrical feet that're out of place, but if you fix those up you've got something great.
Worthwhile because fucking edge brehsThe Youth is struck by an arrow through the heart, an arrow to the loinsAnd from the wounds expunged are Ambition and Hope and Self and Pride--poisons to the SeedThus the Seed flourishes while the Youth enduresUntil such a time when the Seed becomes a Sprout,Less a selfish, unthinking brute, and more a creature of thoughtAnd it gazes upon the Youth it has torn asunderAt the body the Sprout suckled dryAnd the Sprout bemoans the accident of its beingAs it questions if its life was a proper exchange for the prone Youth
SnowflakeTiming’s everything. The vapor riseshigh in the sky, tossing to and fro,then freezes, suddenly, and crystalizesinto a perfect flake of miraculous snow.For countless miles, drifting east abovethe world, whirling about in a swirling free-for-all, appearing aimless, just like love,but sensing, seeking out, its destiny.Falling to where the two young skaters stand,hand in hand, then flips and dips and whipsitself about to ever-so-gently land,a miracle, across her unkissed lips:as he blocks the wind raging from the south,leaning forward to kiss her lovely mouth.
Step to step, gone by labyrinthine slip throughbrickled paths of suburban silence, softand short bursts of breath exhaustedby the palpitations of my rustwork,winding down this damn long daywhile a lit cigarette tipped smoke gently aloft.Park to pavement, left the blessed grass’s fortune roots feeding what little life foundus in our final moment, sprouting a shoot monumental amongst boot-high greenery,earthed and alone by the iron chassisfusing ruptures, her and I the sealed ground.“I think, I think, I dare not dream of dad nor mum, or therein the birthed Christ the son, if by chance your marriage bedwhence underneath where cogs divineits industry, in metered chimeof machinery, a myriad lain in creaking red."“I wish, I wish, on constellated orbsborn in her apricity, her glancing thoughtaway from my dark territories,the spires and clock towers spreading shadowunceasing across this enclosed meadow.A sanctuary divined by you, inairs of shelter from the greying hue ofraindrops, thick and fast, could hold longagainst the storm; yet endurance bloodiesin the mortal night, and I worry your fears shall not go unsung."As-yet unfinished
A straightforward concept with a pretty brilliant twist. The metre goes a little off-kilter at times, but it builds throughout in a very natural way.Despite being pretty jagged you've got an intricate rhythm going on, and the bracketed final lines of the first two stanzas are a neat touch.see Kinda self-indulgent with the whole wah it's been so long since a grill touched me I wish I was a normievibe. It needs some kind of redemptive resolve so people don't think you're a whiny piece of shitIt takes a lot of effort to read given it's almost entirely one sentence, and the repetition doesn't help a huge amount, but it has this Nietzschean 'eternal return' shape to it which I like
I am interested in getting into poetry. Can someone suggest a book that discusses history of poetry or different poetic styles and movements; also what makes a poem and forms of a poem. Basically a guide to poetry. Thanks.
Just read Rilke's letters to Kappus
If you're looking to get into poetry, you must penetrate the very thin substratum reading it, then only you can delve far beyond its environs into the core understanding it.
Stephen Fry has a pretentious book that discusses duch things, called The Ode Less Travelled. I think it would be better to get an anthology like the Norton or Harmon's Top 500 Poems and just read and explore with an open mind. Although the technical aspects are incredibly important to understanding how poetry works and makes meaning, I strongly recommend finding a couple poets that speak to you.This is what I tell my students: keep in mind throughout that reading poetry takes effort and time. Go at it with determination and perseverance and you will be rewarded richly.
Letters are going backa bus sits within my pathtake me, take me to the waterI long to swim,to shake off my limbsthe inexhaustible nothingness beneath.Do not caress my leg,this was the reasonthe letters had been returnedthe address changed, too.A small room I now residethe emptiness, the agonizing vacancy,dormant beneath.What are you?Eel, salmon, or jellyfish?Once my limbs are gonean eel shall be my callingto lodge in a decrepit stairwell,in a dissolute cabin of a sunken sein.Tell me:Will the letters meet me here!The new interval of my experiencethe lifespan of an eelthose letters, these letters; their authors,the demand of sequestration is their dictum.
Here's a calligram-type poem.
This summer marks the worst case of writer's block for me. Beforehand I'd write prose-poetry type pieces, not really following any conventions of poetry. Last night I tried coming from where I was and this is the result:A thornbush blossomed within my head And the blindness which ensued Brought together colours abandoned In favor of some darkness months agoFlesh enveloping flesh glistened with the Hour’s sweat born of lust, pity, or understanding--Hands making slaves to hands pinned abound posts, Toiling fields bountiful with wild fruits, forgotten, abused.A hunger, a tease or an indulgence with fingers delvedInto the communal spirit--a siren ravaged made goddess And her wounds lined in gold, for beauty heightened whenJuxtaposed with imperfection--nails dug into my back.For then we had each other, everyone else died Alongside the unwound clock, became tapered Phantom lights under streetlamps or in distant Rooms at midnight--teeth massaging my ears.For now I have my body as a frayed conduit Void of warmth, in the wrong city with The wrong people ghosting past seasons while My starving hobgoblins awaken.Losing edge against the spotted mirror imagining Better names for this anemic figure, tufts of meat Thatched within soft flesh pulled taut across bonesWhich protrude giving mountains to a ravaged land.Love thyself, live thyself, create hollow gospels and Genealogical crosswires for thyself in the name of Some dead prophet who followed his own footprints To the barren fields denied innocent blood.
I really like this. Very interesting imagery, getting kind of a William Blake vibe from it. Not sure if that was intended
The longing and the ennui of the mindOppressive and death to all moodsFallen into my lap by luck or foresight whenApproached by the only life-light i can Cling to in this placeA dull occupation in a dull town surroundedBy yet more dullness, an island of bland in a flat painful ocean of beige and I canfeel the ocean-wagon falling from underneath and The boards tear my fingernails and the pine pitch Stings my eyes as the flickers of interest,Like many different fish, Ever present in theory and sometimes viewedSlip into and out of view and then reemerge From the pub or the bookies soiled but with no eyesOn anything but the sea, claimant to their veryBeing and threatens mine with an escape likely But never likely to happenIn retrospect it's 100% edgy but it was a stream of consciousness type deal and I am deeply unfulfilled
Writing this for my erotica/porn blog. It's for yucks. It's supposed to be silly.The Joy of Facials In the bedroom, the lights are still on, Because I like the way they light up my dick As it wobbles in front of your smile When you take it out of your mouth. Sight is as important as touch.I promise to pay my dues later, But there's one thing I ask of you this moment, And you look up quizzically And ask me, “what?”...“Can I shoot it on your face?” A twisted look. Not revulsion at least. Irritation, definitely. You’re not so sure. “Why do some guys like that? It's so demeaning and gross.”“Oh, no,” I say. I step back, wobbling.Imagine, if you will, An oil baron on his oil fields, Drilling for black gold. For months he drills, and then one day He strikes a vein. Oil rockets into the sky. Everybody is filthy, But they are too elated to care About the grit in their teeth. The rising black geyser is A monument to their success.“What’s that got to do with facials?” you ask. I don’t expect you to get it right away. So I think of a different picture. I am no longer wobbling, So I picture a woman.Imagine, if you will, You are working out, sweating hard at the gym. You are gross at the end, grimy and slick, Your hair is matted, you look like shit, But you feel so good. Now there are some men Who fetishize seeing the body exert And perspire its hard work out. It speaks of hours of toil in one image.“Get it?”“No.”“It’s about having a show.”“You mean like in all those bukkake videos?”“No, not quite. I don’t quite go For those gross and nasty Bukkake videos.”“What's the difference?”“The difference, you see: In those videos, groups of men Come on a girl again and again. Until she can’t open her eyes or breathe. The poor girl is surrounded, it makes me seethe That this is so hip Wouldn't you agree? But for one man to masturbate—““Hey, it’s getting late.”“Okay, imagine: A crowd of people at night Looking up at the sky, Restlessness anticipation, And then it happens: the explosion. But only for an instant. That briefest instant of beautiful fire Repeats itself until it’s spent out.There’s the lull afterwards. The people, they shuffle away, But in their minds, there still floats that instance. Their imaginations have captured the moment And made it each their own. It can only be enjoyed for that instant, But it lingers on. It can be immortalized in pictures, Snapshots of the final moment. It is throwing paint on a canvas. It is a distinct pleasure with one central theme.“Domination,” you say.“No,” I reply. “Spectacle.”“Spectacle?”“Spectacle.”Your face changes, as your eyes trace down To the floor, where they think, Then return above, And a rope graces your chin. You laugh.
Just Fuck My Shit Up
You got me horny in the morning and you knowI tried to call you but I can't find the telephoneI sent a message through the internet but it rejectedI wrote you a letter and I send it through the postThe post it takes so long, So I got to sing this poemTo let you know how I feel, what's the deal babyAnd I can't wait for you, And the things you make me doMy heart is ringing so I'm writing this poem for youI search from town to town but I can't find my booI got so desperate that I sent a rocket to the moonIn New York City, someone said they saw you singing the bluesBut it was a man from Nowhere Land that looked like youI will keep searching on, This feeling's much too strongMy heart is ringing so I'm writing this poem for you
So how's the progress on your first book?What's the synopsis of your idea? What's your influence behind the book - what authors do you think have rubbed off in your own writing?
Tarantino and sam hyde, it's about man vs retail
Steadily grinding to a screeching halt every passing day. I think I'll have to lay it off for a while.Blair Witch Project meets /x/ meets Tao Lin meets Baudrillard meets I like shiny lights and hypnagogic pop.McCarthy / Lin / alt lit generalThey Live, now with edge, dirty jokes and blud?
Nope!
Mines about a blind guy who don't blind no more.
Finished.The most detailed synopsis I'll post on /lit/:Some dude diesStuff happens to people as an indirect result of itMy biggest influences at the time were Nabokov, Pinecone, and John Hawkes.
I begun writing about a girl I liked in college and it's turned into an abstract metaphor filled exploration of depression amongst males, oedipus complexes and flawed personalities.Think The Bell Jar but re-written by Thomas Pynchon, focusing on a man instead of a woman.Pynchon is an obvious influence, but I also think Dostoevsky's articulation and exploration of misanthropy is working its way into here too.
How long do people think their works are going to be?I want to write a debut that's short, maybe just under 100 pages. Then people can read it quickly and if it's liked, it could possibly be shared around as swiftly as it was read.
It's about an atheist priest who starts believing he's god after a while. It's a critique/satire about modern religion and politics in my country. The book deals with themes like isolation, social phobia and insanity.Tolstoy and Dostoevsky are my main influences, but there are some really great Brazilian realists I like to base my work on.
I kind of feel the same, even though I'm aiming for a somewhat bigger word count - 50k maybe, even 40. I have no idea.
hypnagogic pop.Interesting you associate a particular genre with your intended writing style; sometimes I think I'd like to capture the ethos of Boards of Canada in my writing. Slint's Spiderland is another music related source of inspiration for me.
Influenced heavily by F Scott Fitzgerald. Aiming for a 65k word count.
Shitty synopsis cause I haven't worked it all out yetSet amidst the throbbing excess of the 1980's, a high school dropout turned pornstar loses himself in the seedy underbelly of Los Angeles. Owing a large sum to his drug dealer/club funder, he has to repay his debts by starring in obscene pictures - from reprehensible fetishes to snuff. Bret Easton Ellis, Jay McInerny, plebs for /lit/ I guess
Funny that you should mention that - The Campfire headphase is one of the albums I have in my rotation when I write. How do you try and capture that?
this thread, manfuck your heroesfuck forcing 'important' themesfuck trying to be like pynchon or anybody elseself-impressed teens and 20-somethings need to cool it on the pynchon. they use it as a shorthand to say "i'm a super intelligent guy. look at me." and the editors who have to read your shit for a living hate you for it."Find your own voice" is cliche as hell, but you NEED to do that shit. All your favorite writers became your favorite writers because they developed their unique styles and interests. It sounds like most of you are just reading "How to be a Very Serious Male English major: For Dummies."
well, whatever i write will be as anti-pomo as literarily possible.
Most writers are influenced by writers before them.
being this stupid
Sounds a little like something Palahniuk would write tooIt's not like I'm trying to imitate Pynchon, honestly. I really enjoy his use of metaphor and I don't think my metaphors would be as abstract as his, but reading his work feels like a main motivation for myself to explore the extent in which I can take a metaphor. I really only mention Pynchon because of his metaphor usage. I don't believe I'm going to write something as esoteric as GR.
Oh yeah palahniuk too although I've only read Choke.
How effective is self-publishing work via Amazon? I ask those who have already done it. Seeing that the majority of the competition seems written by dyslexic teens, surely good work would rise to the top, right?
How do you try and capture that?I'm not sure if I do. Campfire Headphase is my favorite BOC album though; the LP's album sleeves have these hazy images that look like something lifted from a family's family vacation home-video in the 70s but with the faces obscured. I think that is the feeling I want to capture: reminiscing on one's childhood in to abscond from the present, to retain what time has eroded, yet not being able to return there. That is at least what I hear from BOC's Campfire, although their other albums evoke different feelings.
surely good work would rise to the top, right?yeah? - ever heard of the expression, 'shit floats..'?
Have you ever thought to yourself, "Man, I'd really like to read some book that some guy wrote and self-published on Amazon?" Nobody else has, either.The few self-published works that got popular usually latched to some forum community or other and later spread through word of mouth. There is no hope.
palahniuklol yeah be careful b/c i'm pretty sure he trolls /lit/ for edgy novel ideas at this point. it's been 19 years, and he's written 17 books. watch out for fight club 2!!
I'd love to read something like that, honestly. I'm a sucker for nostalgia that's doomed to fail, for the cartography of the past. That's why Gummo is my favourite movie.
Point taken. If I think my writing's good enough, I should try approaching a publisher and ask for feedback then?
lmao palahniuk is that you?
I'm curious about this as well.
no don't be insulting :
Totally in concept stage. Science fiction with heavy emphasis on cybernetics and body augmentation, not cyberpunk but more transhumanist stuff. Gonna try for hard science fiction with only a very light bit of science fantasy.The main character is some former captain of industry who intentionally dropped off the public radar a few decades prior, but still has a lot of pull and influence to throw around if he wants to do so. He also happens to be the most altered human alive, to the point where he doesn't even bother to look human anymore.He makes a rare public appearance and shit happens, standard coincidental bullshit that pulls apathetic individuals into the role of protagonist.That's about it right now, trying to figure out how the major conflict is gonna change and evolve and how to keep my apathetic protagonist involved in everything without it being contrived.Fuck that noise. I want this to be a great american novel, so I'm not afraid of a big word count. It will probably never happen, but aim big man. I would rather reach too far and fail than not reach far enough and be disappointed in myself.
I'm about 30% done on the newest draft of the first volume after having almost finished it once before I threw it all away, which might keep happening. I've thought of a way to pack what I have so far in as a short novel though so I'm probably mailing it to a publisher next week.It's very recognizable so I don't want to say much, but it's like a fragmented, very varied catalog of the horrors of the universe culminating in an exasperated acceptance of Christianity or at least some higher power.Important influences are Dostoyevsky !, Emily Brontë, Marcel Proust, Wittgenstein, Joyce, Kierkegaard, Yukio Mishima, Karl Ove Knausgaard, Thomas Mann. Some important non-literary are Hideo Kojima and Florence Welch. Pleb, you may say, but undeniable.Fingers crossed.
Fair play, man, I like your optimism
I have a million ideas that zip and dance in my head all day, everyday. Just not when i actually commit to sitting down and writing anything. I want to write. It aches in my brain when i don't. Where do you go after you've decided you want to write something, lit?
Ugh, I started a book about a new sincerity retelling of a greek type myth but gave up 20 pages in.
Thought about writing a satire of nihilism with an emperor/empress who exhibits Nietzsche's ideas. Honestly seems good if it can be done as a dark satire, but it's looking pretty grim at this point :
Invent a premiseInvent major charactersInvent plotInvent conflict to advance the plotCreate an outline to figure out how to bring these things together, nothing detailed but something to get it on paper so you can look at itStart writing a bit to get a feel for tone and mood as well as how you want to utilize the characters, don't worry too much about the exact language and grammar and stuff. This is just a rough draft so the point is for it to be written, not be perfectGo back to the outline and amend it appropriately based on what you learned, be more detailed this timeStart from the beginning, use your first rough draft as a basis, never throw anything away if you can help itIf you get stuck either go back to the outline and see what you can tweak to make it right or just try to power through it until you hit your stride againOnce you finish a full draft, read through it critically and use that to write a new draftThe purpose is revision, but it helps to start from scratch using your old draft as a guide, that way you don't get too attached to flawed stuff because you at the very least have to type it out again even if it was perfect the first timeDo this at least twice, so you should have at least three full drafts, each better than the lastFind people to do editing work and prereadingHold their balls in a vice to make sure they don't try to treat you with kid gloves, make sure they can tell you that your writing sucks if it sucksUse their feedback to fix any major issues in another draftSit down and bash your head against the wall editing it properly???Get published???Profit?
If it's looking grim, then all it needs is a joke.
there's nothing less funny than black comedy
Is that why Robin Williams killed himself?God damnit, that will never not be sad...
I have a prologue and the first chapter done out of 18 chapters. The book is about a former Redpole in a prominent Chinese Triad traveling to Alaska in his old age to find and exact revenge upon another Redpole who killed his father in 1992. While in Alaska, he lives with a woman who escaped the harsh life of Compton California to become a promininent programmer for a startup in San Francisco, only to crack and have to leave it all behind to live a calm life in this Alaskan town. Throughout the novel we learn more about both these characters, and they grow closer together. The Chinese man watched his parents get beaten to death by a mob of redguards during the Cultural Revolution, and he is taken to live in the countryside of Manchuria. There he kills a Redguard who lives with the village, and is then adopted by a Shanghai detective who hopes to correct the course of his life. This man takes him in and gives him the identity of his deceased son. He then grows to become a detective himself, with a wife and child. Then his adoptive father is killed by a Triad hitman and this person leaves his life in Shanghai behind to become a Triad member to find this guy. 23 years later he finds out the man he is looking for has taken to this town. The girl he lives with grew up with a brother and her father. After her father commits suicide, she is raised by her brother who is gradually pulled into a life of crime. After he is arrested and put into prison for being an accessory to murder, she goes into the foster system. She performs well in school and manages to escape, but feels intense shame for where she came from, and has great feelings of resentment towards her brother. These two characters grow together and influence their respective journeys through the story. They will both come to question and re-evaluate the choices they've made in life, as well as what they define as "justice".
I'll screenshot this. Thanks bro.
Influences include Hong Kong cinema especially the Killer, the Sopranos, Twin Peaks, Mad Men, the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo mostly in regards to the setting and Call of the Wild. I want the focus of the book to be a philosophical character study of these two deeply flawed people rather than on the visceral "hunt" for the assassin. I also want the story to contrast big problem moments in both China and America Rodney King Riots, Tiannamen Square, the Cultural Revolution, police brutality, etc..... Each chapter will be named after a hexagram of the I'Ching. The book will open with a quote from Plato about the meaning of Justice, and will close with a quote from Mao calling the youth of the country to go forward and forge their destiny. The book with be structured episodically with each chapter containing an enclosed story centered on a particular theme or message. I've barely started on this though so I'll probably have to dump half this shit by the end of it.
Sure thing, but don't be suprised or disappointed if this doesn't work for you. Everyone has their own process and it might take you longer to figure out what works for you.The important thing is that you put words on a page. Doesn't matter if they are shit at first so long as you end up with something that you feel comfortable with at the end of your revision process. Your process isn't so much as a writing technique as it is a technique to make you spend time writing and revising shit, it's your technique to defeat your natural apathy and anxiety for writing.
200 words exactly, of which I'm only mildly ashamed. That's good.My book handles survival during the occupation in Japan. Since I'm not Japanese I'm already writing out of my ass, but let's trust ina having a audience which does not careb having a audience which does not knowc having no audience at all :-
Plus, it's fiction so you can make shit up all you want
If people haven't seen this post yet, I just want to support that it's actually fantastic advice.
What do I do if English is not my first language?Should I give up?
No, keep at it. You might get good.
You should kill yourself for consider to give up for not having English as first language.
These sound awesome. Have you ever thought to yourself, "Man, I'd really like to read some book that some guy wrote and self-published on Amazon?Kind of, yeah. I wish that style of distribution could take off with actually well written stuff instead of fanfiction porn.
What's your first language?
I'm currently writing a piece of speculative fiction/science fiction which is drawing inspiration from my pre-imagined ideas of cyberpunk and things like Neuromancer.The whole thing is a vehicle to explore information-age culture, technology addiction, the effect of media and information on culture and psychological behaviour as well as me trying to be postmodernist without sucking at it too hard.I have a little over 10k words written and I have no idea how many it will take to complete, but I assume somewhere in the 80-120k at the very most.
Anonymous06/03/15Wed07:16:43 No.66326571916.A young english man about to graduate college and become a teacher himself learns that the woman he intends to make his wife has been unfaithful and is going to marry a man he despises. Broken-hearted, he enlists in the military to fight the Germans in France. Whisked away into a life unfamiliar, he becomes the newest machine gunner in the remnants of a unit of misfits and borderline criminals. To make things worse He's saddled with the company of an Infantile, fat, gunners assistant named Thomas, whose father, a baker, kicked him out of the house for being useless. The two endure raids, sneak attacks, tanks, gas, shellings, and even the cruelness of their own compatriots as they struggle to survive the horrors Of war and the true nature mankind itself. Tentatively titled, "Whistles" It's my interest in WW1 mixed with a love for All Quiet on the western front mixed with Of Mice and Men
It's a treatise on history and allegory paintings, meant to give guidance for how to structure a painting, what a painter of allegory ought to study, the moral duty of a painter, the finer qualities in a painting, how other liberal arts influence and show in painting, how different humours ought to be depicted, etc. Often I'll make allusions to western classical mythology and text.Influences include Erasmus, Castiglione, Plato, Trismegistus, Aristotle, Cesare Ripa, Ovid, Vitruvius, Shakespeare, Horace, Vasari. I'm not sure if I should really continue it though. There doesn't seem to be much interest on this subject.
I'd cut out like half of it. Especially the complete rewrites/multiple drafts. Those are nothing but a waste of time unless what you originally came up with was completely worthless.
my first novel is about an 8 year old homosexual and a 58 year old pedophile. it is almost entirely about their sex life. extremely graphic and full of edge
I do it that way because I'm shitty at the actual writing part. I end up mashing different sentences and ideas together like five year olds playing with lincoln logs before they haven't figured out what sex is yet, so full revision is the just most efficient way expand my sentences.tl;drI do it because I'm suck at phrasing.
Sounds good.
Do you go to CCA op? I went there.
Why the FUCK would anyone post their ideas before their book is published? Absolute idiocy.
This is /lit/, not /r9k/, you fucking pansy. Nobody here is gonna steal your ideas because most people here have their own ideas they need to figure out.Even if someone steals your ideas, it's no big deal, it just means you have to do it better. Grow a pair man.Besides that, it's not like any of us are going into some absurd amount of detail about any ideas. At most it's just expositing a general premise and setting, nothing more.
Jokes on you, I have nothing but free time and ive already stolen three ideas from this thread. Good luck faggots.
not op but CCA class o' 2010what a trip
Like I said, no big deal, I'll just do it better./r9k/
Nah guys I don't, I just saw the picture posted somewhere and thought "hah that's amusing"Didn't have any idea what school it was
Good luck writing it with the same familiarity as the idea creator. Plus, nothing necessarily wrong with writing the same idea with a new perspective - the rags to riches structure, for example, has been done to death but can continue being a fresh tale depending on its perspective.
Did you have Leal for AP lit?
This.Learning the Cambridge Grammar will help with confidence.
actually yes
Mine is a story about a family of bears spanning several generations told by the perspective of a tree that they use to scratch with.
Nothing, because I'm too chicken shit / stupid to actually write anything.Though I did have this one ideaAlcoholic space thieves Ones a transgender female-to-male hacktivist
hmm prove you went to CCA
Are you really that bad or do you just have no confidence in your writing until you've hacked it to bits and taped the pieces back together?
fuck youyou prove you went theretellin me what to do n shittake out a chunk of paper
aaaaaaalright, take out a pen and a chunk of paper!Did he always have his half gallon of milk that he drank when you had him?
It's not that I'm abysmal, mediocre is a better word, I know my shit isn't where I want it to be with the first draft. Past the first actual revision everything is more a point of pride. I know my work is passable then, but I also know that it could be better if I take the time to go through it and analyze my word choice.Besides that, I learn a lot when I go back and look at my work. When I'm writing I don't necessarily fully cognizant of what I'm putting on the page, because I'm more concerned with getting it out than I am with it being perfect. Then I go back and look at it and I can see my mistakes and what areas I was having trouble with, then I can fix those mistakes and hopefully not make them again in the future.Are you trying to say that you don't do revision at all, or is it just the number that's throwing you through a loop? I know two-three is high, but it's a number that I'm comfortable with as I consider myself a novice. The idea of someone actually trying to publish something without ever going through at least one revision cycle makes me cringe though. Anyone who can do that must have a tremendous amount of faith in, and distain for their editors to even consider putting them through an untempered work like that.
I don't think so. He did accuse me of solipsism though. That class was far gnarlier than any english course I took in college.
I do revise and rewrite sentences but overall I tend to keep a lot more than I rewrite and I never outright discard anything. Also after one main set of revisions I'm mostly just looking for typos and grammatical errors rather than trying to fix the writing itself, unless something exceptionally awkward looking I overlooked pops up. You seemed to be talking about completely rewriting everything every time you revise in that greentext.
What college did you go to
I do, but I don't do it from scratch. I open up the old piece that I want to revise in a document on the left side of my screen, then I open up a blank document on the right side. Then I manually retype everything into the new document. Usually I end up keeping the general phrasing and most of the paragraph structure, but for the most part I recompose every sentence unless I feel like I somehow nailed it the first time.For example, here's a paragraph from something I did a while back. It's just a little trifling thing I messed with, so I apologize if it isn't very polished. It should be a good example though.First draftThe remaining suspects dwindled down to shadowy figures with unknown capabilities participating in a grand conspiracy. At this point I was thrown out of my depth as I was quickly submerged in in intricate web of assumption and causality searching for any facts or reasons to cling onto like the survivor of a shipwreck desperate to survive the roiling sea; Jack however was unfazed. This kind of thing was what he lived for, a chance to ply his mastery on his field of choice. It was inspiring really, to see him working to bring Order to a system so fraught with convolution and inconsistencies, a perfect warrior of Chaos.Second draftNow all that was left were dark shadows shifting under the surface of the water, lurking just out of sight. It was at this point I was thrown completely out of my depth as I was submerged in an intricate web of assumption and generalized causality, hopelessly searching for any facts or logic to cling onto like the survivor of a terrible shipwreck desperate to survive the wrath of a roiling sea. Jack however was completely unfazed, diving straight into the darkness with practice and precision.This was the kind of thing that a man like him lived for, a chance to ply his mastery on a field of his choice, the impossible challenge. It was inspiring really, to see him working to bring Order to a system so fraught with convolution and inconsistencies, a perfect warrior of Chaos.Third draftThen all that was left were dark shadows shifting under the surface of the water, lurking just out of sight. I was thrown completely out of my depth as I was plunged into an intricate web of assumption and causality, desperately clinging onto any facts or logic I could find like the survivor of a terrible shipwreck trying to survive the wrath of a roiling sea. Jack however was completely unfazed, he dove straight into the dark depths with practice and precision.This was the kind of thing that someone like him lived for, a chance to ply his mastery on his chosen field, the impossible challenge.It was inspiring really, to see him working to bring Order to a system so fraught with convolution and inconsistencies.He was a perfect warrior of Chaos.Jesus christ, it has been awhile since I looked at this, I need to go and rewrite this again. The cringe is strong in this one...
Not to be a dick or anything, but you actually seem to have made it worse rather than better overall.
I cringed. The writing is juvenile and the sentences are terse.He was a perfect warrior of ChaosI mean what the fuck, man. Literally YA tier. But if that's what you're going for, more power to you.
That's fair, if I were to redo it now then I would recondense it a bit. Two paragraphs were better than one, but then I went overboard on the third one. And I still have some word choices that I don't agree with.Using two participles of the word "survive" in one sentence*Shudders*Still, I've disallowed myself from touching this abortion again untill I finish some of the other stuff I'm working on. It's a part of a much bigger piece and it takes me a long time to even do one revision, too much time.Obviously it needs it though. It's just a little bit more incentive to go work on my new projects instead of trying to beat a dead horse to life again. So that I can actually go back to beating the dead horse when I'm done, ironically. It's one of my babies and I don't like seeing it suffer by my hand.
If it takes you that much revision just to end up with something you still hate are you sure you're not wasting your time altogether? Or is this just something you wrote when you were a lot younger?
It was a few years back, this was my first big project and really the first thing I did out of school. So, this isn't something from when I was super young or anything, it just from when I was inexperienced. At least less experienced than I am now.I don't hate it, for what it is I'm proud of it. I'm happy with the way the story turned out, it's just that the actual narrative needs a lot of word. The only reason I'm not going to touch it right now is because it just takes a while to methodically go through 75k words when you're only doing a couple hours a day.Well, for me anyway, I'm a slow ass writer as it is.It's shit, but if I didn't enjoy working on it then I wouldn't have bothered writing it in the first place. I regret nothing.
Protagonist works the cat scannerEnjoys making people feel bad and sometimes lies to them in hopes of making them kill themselvesAt this rate it's not even a story or ideaIt's a lifestyleI have no creativity though sometimes I get these gay little ideas that I think would be cool to share with other people and such and write them down and never share them and sometimes I just write for writing about whatever. I don't think I could ever actually write a 400 page book or something.
Semi-autobiographical account of my experiences with the modern Mormon aristocracy, although really that part doesn't matter. It's based on relationships and the anxieties that strain them. Essentially what I'm trying to do is trying to live purely in spite of every distraction and dysfunction around me, and the only real way to do that is to cut out all superficiality. I wrote this mainly after reading Knausgaard and Franzen.
400 pages from the perspective of your average TSA agent. You could be the next faulkner
War and Peace-scale novel about 15 or so different characters leading a variety of lives in a metropolis, each chapter ends w/ a cliffhanger and the final chapter intertwines all of them and ends them
Here's an advantage I found that motivates me to write more. I have a hard time getting ideas when typing on a computer, plus find it much more distracting. When I was in high school I'd rather use the computer for research then write everything down on paper because in the end it was faster for me.When I want to write, I write in my notebooks, then use Google speech on my phone to transfer it to text. I then just send it to myself and edit whatever I need to on my computer. There are better speech programs like Dragon where you can just directly talk into your computer but I'm a cheapskate so I just do this shit.
This is similar to how to write a good paper or thesis in a lot of lit classes. A good formula. Taking ADHD medicines also makes writing fun as fuck.
Keep at it. You can even translate your own book back into your native language when you're done.
This, hard, do you know how valuable native translations are? Especially when the author does them himself?If you actually manage to get proficient with english and write something worthwhile, the ability to translate it back will be worth it's weight in platinum.
always wanted to write something involving heroic shit happeningend up with a fallout + LOTR + something else i can't really sair, and also some time-traveling to tell the main characters's backstory, even if it's not really that because i time-traveling could solve every single issue on the story, unless i go with a Butterfly Effect approachfocus so much on the characters that the story ends up being like a cliché JRPG about a group of people travelling around the world, taking down the main bad guy's henchmen, and then saving the world from a semi-ancient evilGod. Fucking. Dammit.
Phrasing, Lana.

Been writing and rewriting a 13 page short film script for the last 2 months...I cant imagine how one can manage to write anything close to 100 pages.
Not well. I wanted to finish this short story so it would be my first completed work that wasn't for a dumb writing class. I have more ideas for my first novel, but they will have to wait because autism. I also have to rewrite everything I have for the short story because I don't like the structureShort story is about a man who encounters the Metatron in the form of an old guy, who informs the man that God still gives a shit and it's maybe time for Revelation, then shit gets wacky and it becomes obvious I'm mostly high when I come up with ideas. Novel is an attempt at vaporwave literature, writing 80s-styled cyberpunk set in 1999 as Y2K approaches. Individualist anarchist themes play with and/or against the vaporwave views on consumerismShort story's influenced by Borges and several biblical books. Novel is influenced by Videodrome, Ghost in the Shell, and Serial Experiments Lain more so than any actual cyberpunk novels. Stirner is also an important force, because I like dank memes. The Illuminatus! Trilogy and Pynchon are also huge influences on the structure of some of the few paragraphs I have written for the novel, but my overall voice has more similarity to Tao Lin
If Palahniuk really does lurk these threads, you can guarantee he'll take this premise
I'm actually planning a short novel inspired by JRPGs lel
I would find it interesting.How much previous art history knowledge would you need to read it?
Exposition, lots of exposition.The trick is trying to figure out how to hide it from your reader. It's like trying to introduce yourself to someone and convince them you don't have any internal organs. They probably know you're bullshiting them, but the important part is the suspension of disbelief.At least that's how it works in fiction anyway.
I know this isn't the place to ask but since I can't think of anywhere else and I'm a bit short on time, if given an essay prompt with length of 3-5 pages, it means 3 full pages right?tfw my essay isn't technically about the promptI can't think of anything else to write and I need to turn in a rough draft in 3 or so hours. It's kinda close
If it says 3-5, it means three full pages at minimum and five full pages at max. Your instructor just doesn't want to read through some spergs seven page paper.If it's not about the prompt, dress it up to look like some avant garde shit to look like the prompt. You know, if it looks like a duck?The worst thing that's probably gonna happen is that they tell you it's shit and make you write a new one, and since this is a rough draft that's honestly fine. You might miss a few points on your grade, but grades don't really mean much in the real world.Pass or fail man. Do good if you can, obviously, but don't stress out about it.tfw I once wrote an essay about a book that directly compared it to orgasam denial as a fetishA+
Prompt. Yech. College writing is super bullshitty.
Use this: 
The worst thing that's probably gonna happen is that they tell you it's shit and make you write a new one, and since this is a rough draft that's honestly fine.Yeah, that's why I don't really mind if it's not directly on topic. But at least having it the correct length means she won't take points off.Nice, I was thinking about writing about how I once threw a party with some friends to get laid, prompt is a narrative based on an event that you were happy for but something got in the way, and it became a sausage fest. But couldn't think of enough obstacles.Might do this later on though.I don't generally like writing so this makes it worse.
I slowly building up the confidence to attempt writing my own book. I am not an avid reader, I do not even have my own story line yet. My question is, because I am writing this for me, so i can feel good, express myself and have something I can measure when im done, is this a pipe dream or is this something that i am righ tin feeling excited about? I dont have plans of becoming famous, not at all, but i would like to be able to tell people "hey read what i wrote" without it being embarrassing. with that said, i have a vague idea as to what i want to write about. If anyone here wants to throw some ideas or idea influencing tips my way i would appreciate it. as for right now, I know I want it do it during some time period before the creation of automatic guns. I dont find much excitement in guns. i guess muskets are fine. I also want to be able to tell a story using multiple characters. The way GoT has houses and theres a whole map of things going on, so that means i need a world that is interesting.Im not big into scifi, but i can do a fictional world, i just have a problem coming up with the theme. I wouldnt want to do something that has been done and became huge, so medieval times are gone, lord of the rings times are gone. What kind of fantasy worlds are there that are well established?
I would say not very much as it's function is more of an enchiridion on art like Alberti's De Pictura or Aristotle's Poetics than a book on art history. However knowing art history particularly specialists of 1500s-1600s would help the reader to see examples of what I'm writing about. I think the ideas and thought process of classical humanism and Renaissance humanism would be more helpful, in that it uses specific theories to aim at universality and integration of other fields like classical philosophy, poetry, and architecture. I think I make an allusion even to Vitruvius for studying diverse other fields to be applied to one art, and to Zeuxis for composite idealism. It has quite a wide range of subjects in it that are interrelated. In one part, it talks about different ways to include written words in a painting for making clear the meaning and consequently, what scripts are proper. In another part, it talks about the art as a process of ordering accidental nature and to support this it mentions a passage in Ovid wherein he praises the grotto of Diana as seeming to be made more by art than by nature. In another part still, it talks about how to classical idealism has to potency to make serious matters pleasant by beauty as well as to imbue gravity into foolish matters preventing the subject to degrade into baseness, and thence it speaks of bitter herbs and medicine and tragicomedies. I'm not a writer by aspiration, yet I am a painter who found that although many people praise painters such as Poussin, Leonardo, Raphael... information on how to construct paintings like them is even harder to find than how to paint like them technically.
Your instructor just doesn't want to read through some spergs seven page paper.I did this. The professor gave me 85% on a rough draft... Why? I put more work into my paper than the average pleb. No marks on my paper other than her writing condense. Really? -15 for that
Because you are bad at following directions. Even if you wrote a perfect paper you failed to follow the directions. Hell, you're lucky the teacher even accepted it in the first place.Look at it from the teacher's point of view, even ignoring the whole directions thing you're just making more work for them.Teacher has 100 students for a given courseAssigns a five page paper80% turn in the paper on time400 pages of, at minimum, skimmingIf grammar is important, that turns into 400 pages of full review15% turn in the paper lateHave to rush through 75 pages to get those done on time if you accept late papersProbably have to keep track of what day they turned it in on to figure out how it affects their grade10% write a seven page paper insteadHave to go through an extra 20 pages of reviewTotal of 495 pages to go throughCan't rush or fuck up or you'll never hear the end of it from the kids that care more about their GPA than learning the actual materialIt's just a pain in the ass, Anon. Even if you have a rubric and everyone follows the directions grading written assignments is still a pain in the ass...
I've been reading some of Plato's dialogues Apology, Euthyphro, Crito, Euthydemus, Phaedo, Symposium, Critias and currently reading Gorgias, planning on reading more after this and I'm enjoying it, but what, philosophically speaking, is so important about what I'm reading? Is it what Socrates Plato says about what virtue means? What Rhetoric exactly entails, according to him? What justice is? His thoughts on the soul? Or are some of these concepts irrelevant, and is it incorrect to take specific idea's away from it, because I should just look at the way he thinks in a philosophical way?
Bump
If you wonder this, you haven't understood any of them.Apology isn't a dialogue ntwShould have started with easier ones like Hippias
Well I guess I'm doing something wrong then. Is there something I should keep in mind while reading these texts? Or what are some good secondary reads to help me out?I know barely anything about philosophy and therefore I'm insecure. but I'm really interested.
You should use secondary literature or lessons as a companion.Remember that a lot of translations are vastly different. Greek is very hard to translate.SEP has pretty good resources but you mostly have to be a critical thinker.For example in the Phaedos there are a shitton of logical mistakes in Plato's discourse that can go unnoticed if the secondary doesn't tell you about; mostly fallacious analogies
We - elll...There's the always underlying matter of Being. It's always there. But I'm not a great reader of the Greeks, so don't quote me on that. Snatch a Philosophy textbook, and read up on the presocratics, on Socrates and on PLato himself. You'll get a decent theoretical framweork, or at least you'll know what you're ought to get from those texts. Most I can do to help, honestly.
Alright I'll look for secondary reads anyone by any chance got any good recommendations? and maybe lectures on youtube. Thanks!
lectures on youtubeNoApproved by university lecturers or nothing
Yeah that's what I meant, I saw Yale has a few. I'm not gonna listen to what some random 20 year old has to say about Plato.
I second the other anon: youtube lectures are, usually, divided in two categories. Either they're superficial undergraduate regurgitations, or they're really interesting stuff done by people devoting their life to the subject but sadly, I imagine, a tad too specialized and opinionated to be of any help. Do find yourself a textbook anon, really. Or introductory secondary lit. Or maybe find yourself a philosophy studdying friend who knows his shit and let him "teach" you.
The History of Philosophy podcasts are a nice resource if you're reading the dialogues along side them.
Being *being
Is Oxford's Plato: A Very Short Introduction any good?
No.
Yes. You're speaking English now. Don't you know the rules of the English language?
You're saying that a word, more specifically a noun, cannot be capitalized, when it has been done with the very word we're talking about multiple times, for very specific reason, to convey a very specific meaning, different from the one the word usually has?
It's not correct. Stop Being a faggot.
not correctGet a load of this prescriptivist asshole everyone
/tumblr/
/Philosophy 101/
Nobody teaches your entry level, obscurantist continental bullshit anymore. Things like 'being' and 'existentialism' are so stupid and pointless, as they are more an expression of feelings than knowledge, that only some literature undergrads take them seriously.
worthless rhetoric
Go whine about a perceived lack of meaning in your life and join a radical political party. Continental 'philosophy' truly is the first year college student of philosophy.
You are clearly not understanding any of them. Or you don't have any idea of what philosophy is.What is the soul? Why is the soul immortal? What is love? What do we long for when we are in love? What is death? What is justice? What is a good society?Plato is asking "what is this something" all the time. The way he try formulates and tries to answer this questions, that's what philosophical about him.
Stop your sperging at once, shitlord, and provide some worthwile critique if you really want to enter in the debate.Also, the fact that they aren't taken seriously doesn't mean you can just change their language and vocabulary and pretend to be still talking about them. Moron.
I'm not the guy you're responding to, but at least provide worthwhile content if you want to derail this thread
Their vocabulary can be adequately expressed in more ubiquitous terms. 'Being', as they define it, can be easily expressed in ordinary language. They only use these buzzwords to sound smart without Being smart.
Heidegger's precise meaning would be "being" and *not* "Being". The capitalization is a mistake of translation in that instance.
You may be right. I was translating a translation actually, of his "The Platonic Doctrine of truth" and something may have gone wrong at some point.
Heidegger isn't taught anymorewhat?
He never was, though, only in shitty continental departments, which are more about sounding smart than actually learning something.
Now you're just being full of shit mate.
I'm not. Have you ever been in a philosophy department? Nobody gives a shit about how you feel concerning existence, or being, or what you find absurd. That's for literature courses, the only time continental 'philosophy' comes in handy.
Well yes, I've been in a Philosophy Department. I'm in one right now. My last exam was about Heidegger, too.But out of curiosity, what do they give a shit about? Assuming you're American, I guess?
No, I'm English. It's either classics Greeks, modern Descartes, or analytic Frege. Nobody would take you seriously if you wrote about 'being' and other rubbish concepts, especially if you didn't define your terms properly.
Fair enough. I'm Italian, and here things are a bit less austere - or analytic, even though I dislike using such a word to describe philosophy. Not much though: we too love our Classics, our moderns and the analytics. Only, a few professors and students manage to get away with more "continental" writings, which is just as well since it's what I like best. I just don't think you can say people don't give a shit about them. That's factually wrong.The fact England rejects continental thought is higly amusing though, when I remember that Nick Land, Reza Negarestani and half the speculative realists more or less hail from there.
Not OP but: Rexcomeneded Plato reading order?
People care about it, just not important people. English majors and first year philosophy students like continental shit, but they don't matter at all. We care about knowledge and truth, rather than abstract discussion about feelings.
Anglo philosophers like Graham Priest, Herbert Dreyfus, Richard Rorty appreciate Heidegger and theres no doubt more Analytic philosophers that do so. Stop being so idioticI'm ItalianDon't forget Italian biopolitics.
What, so you just excise all "continental" philosophy from your studies?
heyheytruthis a spook
So what? They don't change the broad consensus. Besides, I can appreciate some of them regarding their writing and ideas, but they aren't really philosophy and what they say has no real truth value. They're more literature than philosophy.Analytic doesn't need to be capitalised.
This is why we laugh at you.There is none in my studies, I don't study literature.
Genuinely asking, what has truth value? I'm a first year student, so not really that knowledgeable in the matter.
there's more to philosophy than "the nature of knowledge and truth" you know
That which can be tested and reproduced.Not really. Philosophy is about discovering truth, not shrouding it in obscurantism.
laughterisaspook
Funny you should mention that, since it's exactly what Heidegger raves about for the entirety of Being and Time and then some.
Too bad he never discovered anything and obscured knowledge through his ridiculous buzzwords and mysticism.
Genuinely asking, what has truth value? I'm a first year student, so not really that knowledgeable in the matter.
Discovered? Like what? I mean, what's a discovery? I'd like an example, and one made by a philosopher too.
They don't change the broad consensusYes they do, they mark the shift from the older positivist generation of Analytic philosophy Russell, Popper etc which hated anything close to being "Continental" to a piqued curiosity of some Continental philosophical ideas. The same goes with Hegel, with growing reception contributed by the likes of Robert Pippin, Robert Brandom, John Mcdowell, Winfred Sellars, Michael Inwood etc
Also the North American Schelling Society was founded just a few years ago.
Truth is discovered. Truth is, for example, predicate logic, discovered by Gottlob Frege. If it is true, you see, it always existed.
Aesthetics, semiotics, phenomenology, critical theory, etc. are parts of philosophy. Analytic philosophy and positivism cannot address all of the problems that philosophy seeks to address. Also, obscurantism doesn't exist.
PopperPositivistI'm laughing now. Holy shit. The early analytics never hated continentals, they just saw that their work had no value in truth and knowledge.
Those are just bullshit concepts based on opinions. Go back to your fisting, you pansexual, poly-queer, transnigger, non-binary human Bean.
who wrote that?
May be a very basic question, but what about language? Has it always been there, and if no, how can it be used to talk about the truth then? How can you discover truth with it? Is the truth so self evident as to pierce through such a barrier and "truly" manifest itself?
Language simply represents knowledge, don't think of it in terms of the language it is expressed with, but what it tells you. Don't be afraid of language, it is a wonderful tool for communicating with others.
I'm not afraid of language, I can't be, but I'm asking why the relationship between language and knowledge is so... sure? So certain and mimetic?
The language used to express something can most always be improved. Mathematics is the perfect language, though. It's a good thing all truth can be expressed mathematically.
Kek
I really don't want to be this inquisitive, but how can you say a language is "improved"? Towards what ideal, starting from what condition? Also I never really got this "maths is the perfect language" thing but I'll admit I've never read anything specific on the issue. How do you mean?
If solving the problems in those fields wasn't considered important by humanity then we wouldn't have been studying them for thousands of years. Obviously there is opinion involved, but pretty much everyone except the biggest teenage po-mos believes that some opinions are more knowledgeable thus better than others
No, you idiot, the language used to express something. You could change a sentence to make it more concise while retaining the desired meaning.Because maths is entirely unambiguous.
In the end opinions won't cure diseases or improve space travel. If you need a distraction of perceived intelligence, then go argue about your feelings, but knowledge is useful, unlike your opinions.
Well, there's the old objection that it wouldn't mean the same thing then.He's a worthless african american ghetto inhabitantHe's a niggerThey're quite different. And while yes, maths can be unambiguous provided the writer and the reader share the same exact language, I don't see why it expresses truths.
Plato is especially hard to read because of the dialogue form that qualifies everything said in his writings, such that one can't really say "what Plato thinks". Further, it seems striking that if there were to be some worked out doctrine in his writings, it's striking how often technical analysis simply doesn't appear, *even when alluded to in the majority of dialogues*.If you'd like, here's a set of commentaries and secondary sources of the last century that may help with your reading. Probably the best figures to read are those of the school of Leo Strauss and Jacob Klein; they both insist on close readings, and on the author's control of both form and content, such that if a contradiction appears, it's not to be written off merely as such, but is supposed to be attended to as something the author wants us to notice. The best scholar of this sort is Strauss's student Seth Benardete, whose readings of Plato are simply insane, but always based in the text.
I don't think nigger means the black has to be poor, worthless and American. It should beHe's a blackHe's a nigger Those two mean the same thing, as nigger is slang for a black.maths can be unambiguous provided the writer and the reader share the same exact languageNo, mathematics is now universal. It is so clearly defined that it cannot be misinterpreted among scholars.I don't see why it expresses truths.That's not my problem. Have you even studied maths at a university level?
Analytic philosophy won't accomplish those things either. And questions such as "What are the sociological implications of global capitalism?" or "What is best in art?" or "What's the deal with gender relations?" are arguably more important to non-philosophers than questions like "What is meaning?"All schools of philosophy have the capacity to benefit humans
Thanks a bunch man, that seems incredibly helpful.
Some good youtube lectures:
Analytic philosophy won't accomplish those things either. There's philosophy behind science and maths, you dip.Why would anyone care about pseudo-sciences like sociology, drawings, and what to call a transvestite? Why not just call a spade a spade?
Why would anyone care about pseudo-sciences like sociology, drawings, and what to call a transvestite?Because they have other goals in life besides the accumulation of knowledge?
It seems they have the opposite goals. Medicine can tell us more about transvestites and other abnormalities in gender.
Medicine doesn't say anything about that, because medicine merely describes the phenomena related to bodily sickness and bodily health; it would be up to some art or science that deals in judgments of better and worse to do what you think it does, and even then, it would have to overcome certain problems related to the arbitrariness of societal custom.
Why is this conversation shifting its focus exclusively to gender identity?Anyway, there is a lot more to ask about the nature of crossdressing, gender identity disorder, "genderqueer," and other things besides how we can medically diagnose it. We can talk about the sociological influence on the development of gender identity, what exactly it means to "feel" male or female, why signs are considered masculine or feminine, what causes the phenomenon of "transtrenders", how gender identity relates to sexuality and homophobia, or if there is even anything essentially "male" or "female" besides biological sex. We can talk about gender identity and its relation to politics, art, and just about any other field.
Not especially; Annas has an alright study of the Republic, but she doesn't have any mind for dealing with contradictions or tensions in the texts, and she usually resorts to referring to largely analytic scholars like Gregory Vlastos and Myles Burnyeat, whose interpretations are straight up retarded.It's very limited in its scope, and so traditional in its views that if you were to read the dialogue, the introduction would be just a repetition of the sense you already got out of your reading; it won't teach you anything fresh or new.Start with the Apology, which is the key to all of the other works. After that, it's entrieyl up to you' a lot of people here seem to suggest reading the shorter dialogues first, as if mere "familiarity" would help you with the later dialogues, but that's not really true.And there a couple of ways to approach reading them. One interesting way is to follow the dramatic dates of the dialogues; from this one could read something like the account of Socrates' turn to political philosophy by reading Parmenides, Symposium, and Phaedo. One could do a reading of the dialogues that take place around Socrates' trial, like Euthyphro, Cratylus, Theaetetus, Sophist, Statesman, Apology, Crito, and Phaedo. It's kind of up to you at that point though for my part, the latter instance of a reading order is incredibly interesting, and changes the natures of these dialogues when they're read absent their dramatic context.
I am greatly interested in the doctrines of Machiavelli. Is he a well-respected philosopher?
pre-Socratic God those faggots are incomprehensible
Thales doesn't get enough credit.
Some good essays on Heraclitus and Parmenides:IT DOESNT MAKE THEM MORE COMPREHENSIBLE
Just finished that Parmenides essay, anon.jesus christ what the fuck did I just read
Those are both pretty hard essays, but they're both incredibly good at showing the unity of Parmenides and Heraclitus, and how Plato is situated with them.
Male = XYFemale = XXThere, now transvestites have a clearly defined gender.
Don't bother, dude. Anglophone philosophy departments i.e. UK and US are too far down the Analytic rabbit hole. That's the price one pays for trying too hard to have philosophical truth and knowledge equated with absolutist/scientific truth. Of course feelings and consciousness are important. Rorty's a step in the right direction but I would go a bit further and recommend William James and Alfred North Whitehead.
If you don't mind my asking, do you have autism?
Pierre Grimes has a lot of excellent youtube videos on ato
Not necessarily the case. You're conflating what medical science can do with what philosophical inquiry might accomplish. Having complete knowledge of biology, chemistry, and anatomy is one thing. Creating a coherent narrative that synthesizes the three is another.
This kind of feelings based philosophy is what gave us psychoanalysis and feminist critiques of science.
And?
Those two things are retarded. If you think the theory of relativity is sexist then you should kill yourself.
Well clearly it is not. I think you're getting a little bit ahead of your argument, my friend. However, to call psychoanalysis as a whole "retarded" is extremely reductive and betrays a lack of imagination. And you do realize that a core component of the philosophical tradition IS critique, right? I don't expect much to result from a feminist critique of anything but it would be highly unphilosophical to condemn any sort of critical inquiry.
Read Fashionable Nonsense, pleb.
Before you go around calling anyone a pleb, you realize that Sokal was a hoax, right? It's people as unimaginative and absolutist as you that make me question why I even bother coming on here. I am sorry to break it to you, but you are little better than the feminists and postmodernists you seem to hate. When you can move beyond using childish words like "pleb" and "retard", maybe you can come back and we can talk like adults.
You mean the Sokal paper was a hoax, Fashionable Nonsense quotes actual continentals.
kek'd
Analytic philosophy *does* have a mood that goes along with it, the same mood that dominates the current approach to science, namely, "neutrality", wherein beings are approached as if they had no bearing on the scientist or philosopher.Maybe read some Dreyfus or Blattner?
And out of context, often enough, as if their arguments didn't have a form and structure.That book outright notes at the beginning that the writers aren't in a position to make claims about continental philosophizing as such; to ignore their uses of mathematical and scientific terms ignores how those terms are situated within philosophizing.
thanks anon. I've been trying to get into plato but have been having trouble finding my way through the dialogues. also, how does one get into leo strauss? I keep seeing his name in different places, and since you mentioned him, I wonder if there's anything you recommend I should check out by him?
Nope, they quote entire chapters to show how unscientific continentals are.inb4 b-b-but it's jus a metaphor!!Only after Sokal blew them out does anyone claim this.
I think you're supposed to do both. The way Plato frames his questions is just as important as the questions he's asking.
It is precisely this unchecked urge to apply "neutrality" and pure rationality to philosophy that is what's holding it back. I am inclined to go with Bergson and Hume on this one - trust what's in your subjective experience first.
Lol, which dialogue was it where Socrates talks about him reading one of their books and finding it full of shit?
The Phaedo somewhere around Stephanus page 90; he'd heard about Anaxagoras's account of mind nous as the cause of all things, and got so excited that he developed a teleological account that he thought did justice to the notion. Later, when he read it, he was shocked to find that it was wholly mechanistic "YOU'RE IN JAIL BECAUSE YOUR BODY IS SET IN SUCH A WAY THAT ALL THE MUSCLES AND BONES AND SUCH ARE SITUATED WITH RESPECT TO THE JAIL IN SUCH AND SUCH A WAY AND THAT'S WHY YOU'RE IN JAIL".Oddly, it's hinted that his second sailing doesn't use either of these accounts, but it's buried in what looks like praise of the teleological account.
Probably the most accessible introduction to Strauss's scholarship and way of reading texts is his interpretation of Xenophon's dialogue, the "Hiero", in his study "On Tyranny".
Ah, thanks, I was thinking it was Theaetetus because of the subject in that dialogue.
You've only really read the earliest dialoguesPlato doesn't get bananas until right after those dialogues, basically from the Republic onwardsBefore that he's pretty straight-laced even about his wacky shit
Plato was deep as shit. The dialogues are meant to be a dialogue with the reader. It's all about his theory of forms and dialectic and how you are unwittingly part of his game to discover the truth of what everything is. Think the Symposium is a series of discussions about the meaning of 'eros'? Wrong. It's about using love to reach the highest level of understanding of human nature and see through reality like you are Goddamn Neo.
what, philosophically speaking, is so important about what I'm reading?Using 'philosophical' as an adjective is problematic.There's not such a thing as 'philosophical'.Plato is important because he had a lot of brilliant ideas, which are worth thinking about even when you deal with contemporary philosophy.You can't recognize the importance of his ideas because you're not familiar with the philosophical discussion after him; once you get familiarized with a particular topic, say, virtue, and with the pletora of philosophical discussion about it, the influence of Plato in the debate is usually clear.
Kind of, or at least I know where you're coming from. The bizarre depth of Plato can be seen in something like the example from the Symposium you use. Socrates offers up an account that he distances himself from, namely the priestess Diotima, and even within that account there are tensions that suggest a greater depth than what one initially takes away from the passage. The usual reading takes it that Diotima's "ladder of love" is what anyone after immortality is after, but what's strange is that it requires abstraction at the topmost parts of the ladder such that one loses even oneself in the attempt to see "the Beautiful in itself, by itself". But that explicitly is in tension with the claims about self stated just earlier, and man's attempt to become immortal. Diotima subsequently ends her account by asking Socrates what he thinks, but he doesn't give us an answer and earlier, he noted that he was explicitly only giving a *beautiful* account of eros; the implication is that the true account contains something ugly, and it looks like the tension I'm pointing to might be the ugly part.Weird shit like that is what I keep reading Plato for. He's already thought of how most people might take his writings, and what's weirder is that he encourages them to take it in those ways, and then has a bizarre web of problems woven underneath.
Not OP, but problematic how? I think I might see what you're getting at, but if you could clarify what you mean it'd be appreciated.
Meant to say "namely by means of the priestess Diotima".
Problematic in two ways.First, it's impossible to provide a definition of philosophy or philosophical that applies to most writings/ideas/ways of thinking we call philosophical and excludes most writings/ideas/ways of thinking we don't.Second, imagine you're like OP, and you ask "what's philosophical about what I'm reading?" or "what would be the philosophical point of view about this issue?". Using the world philosophical is problematic because it invites misunderstandings; it can lead you to think that there's something like a 'philosophical method' or 'philosophical ideas' or 'the point of view of a philosopher' or 'philosophical style', and since 'philosophical' can't be given a proper definition when you look at all the different ideas, methods and styles that philosophers have used throughout history, the only way to use the word meaningfully is to choose an arbitrary set of books/essays and call other books/essays philosophical or unphilosophical based upon how much they resemble this set of writings; amateur analytics are the most usual victims of this kind of shit thinking.
OP here, thanks for making that clear.
thanks anon!
Are there any good introductions or summaries of Plato's thought? Especially on how the theory of forms works?
O' based one
Anon, I...
damn...he is suave as fuck
I will never be a knight of faith
Literary confession thread
I have no intention on reading any book by DFW. I have no intention on reading any play T.S. Eliot. I immediately disregard someone's opinion when they tell me they read scifi, fantasy, or YA.
The Pale King blows Infinite Jest out of the water.
sci fi Top kek
I don't actually read books. I just brief the summaries as I drive through the Beverly Hills in my new lamborghini
I feel the exact same way.a/s/l ???
Sometimes I get bored while reading and just skim the page, missing some vital information. Then I'll hit something later on that forces me to recall something from earlier, but I won't be able to. Instead, I'll just plow ahead because I want to finish. I do this with most books.
I post on /lit/ as if I know anything about Shakespeare, the Greeks, the Bible, various Russian authors, none of which I've actually read and simply regurgitate what I've heard other /lit/ users say. In reality, all I've ever read is Harry Potter and Terry Pratchett lel.
I am the one who's been constantly complaining about christposts. I just do it to be edgy and stir up quality banter. I'm actually a christian.
my taste is composed solely of books found on various /lit/ flowcharts
I am Thomas Pynchon and I make all the threads about myself. me and my friend Tao Lin are responsible fro 80% of the posts on this board.
You all are part of my imagination and do not actually exist.
I believe this.
I'm responsible for 15% of the Kolsti posting
I read book summaries and pretend to have actually read themPeople expect I'm well read...
hi every1 im new!!!!!!! holds up fountain pen my name is Tom but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF b00m!!!!!!!! lol…as u can see im very literary!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet literary ppl like me _… im 78 years old im mature 4 my age tho!! i like 2 watch The Simpsons w/ my shota im bi if u dont like it present a cogent argument as to why its degeneratcy matters in the nuclear age its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO literary!!!! he's litarary 2 of course but i want 2 meet more literary ppl = like they say the more the merrier!!!! lol…neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of book recs!!!!NIGGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! --- me bein literary again _^ hehe…toodles!!!!!love and bananas,t3h PeNgU1N oF b00m
I copy and paste popular threads from r/books here all the time. The responses are almost identical.:^
Hey Postmodernists,My name is Dave, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day ironically dismissing this world we live in1. You are everything bad in the first world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any audience pussy or smell cunt in the air? I mean, I guess it’s fun being ironic because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than watching TV and smoking pot.2Don’t be a stranger. Just hit me with your best serve. I’m pretty much perfect. I was captain of the tennis team, and starter on my MFA program3. What sports do you play, other than “jack off to how smart you are and make the reader feel stupid”? I also get straight A’s, and have a smoking hot girlfriend I just cheated on her for some audience pussy; Shit was SO cash. You are all faggots who should just hang yourselves. Sincerely, thanks for listening.Pic Related: It’s me and my bitch1. w/rt everything in life being significant and part of the human experience.2. and but so you should try it sometime.3. UA. The University of Arizona.
I immediately disregard someone's opinion when they tell me they read scifi, fantasy,if that's what you want to do, budMy confession is I really only like reading about war.
Kek. This is the most believable post ITT.
nice
I think I might actually be insane.
I haven't read a book from an actual published or accredited author in over a year. I've just been reading self-published stuff and amateur stuff and I feel like I have a much broader literary range because of it.
So long as you're aware of it and keeping tabs on it you're fine.As it turns out, the entire human race is actually batshit insane. Society just does a really, really good job of making people look sane by normalizing them.
I think Shogun is my favorite fiction book.
My crush reads YA, and liked The Fault In Our Stars.She reads more sophisticated, philosophical things as well, she just reads YA for fun sometimes. I respect her for not being pretentious about the books she reads.
only 15%? why do you do this?
Alex Rider is in my top 10
Lol
I read Ulysses, but really didn't understand any of it.
I have extreme motivational issues even when it comes to the smallest things and I can barely bring myself to read, ever. I come here for the philosophical chats
Try audio books. Your ears don't get apathetic. Even if it's a poor way to digest information for a lot of people, it's better than spending your brain power worrying about shit all the time.
I feel like a fool for never having tried that before.Thanks, anon!
kekkek
I haven't read a book in a year and tonight I started to try to read one but I got up and cooked instead. There are currently two books right beside me but here I am browsing 4chan.I used to read a ton all the time and I feel like a failure for not keeping it up.
You seem like you'd actually be a pretty cool dude.
I just want to write one worthwhile thing.
My confession is that I'm not entirely sure what pretentious means even though I hear it all the time and I could easily look it up if I wanted.
Jesus this is some next level shite
wow, like, not even the easy first 3 chapters?
Well I understood what people were saying in the chapters themselves, but didn't really get an overall plot. I read the book over a long time so that's probably why. I do remember the first chapter being easier than the rest though.
kek'd
being this new and posting
I believe I can become a good writer even though I've never written more than 5 pages for a single idea.
I've read maybe 100 books but act like I'm super well-read

i lied on my resume
Didn't you kill yourself? Please correct this.
i like murakami
I write erotica to pay bills

I find written sex more of a turn on than real sex.
is there any chance of literary erotica ie anais nin or Angela carter making money self publishing?
Yes. Check out minitruepornsec.
I consider Stephen King one of the best modern storytellers in the classical sense. His only flaw is that he doesn't know how to end half of his stories.
minitruepornsec google has zero results for this?
It's a board on 8 C H dot net. I'm assuming posting the url will be an autoban because it's one of those stupid sites that tried to take 4chan's userbase.
I've read 34 books in my life. 34. And I'm 25. And yet I pretend to be this erudite scholar on a Burmese cartoon website
I used to read a lot of science fiction like Asimov/Clarke and so on I still have no idea about anything that happened in Neuromancer. Sometimes I like to reread them.Nowadays I just read Russian and Brazilian/Portuguese authors. The more I read Tolstoy though the more I feel like I'm copying his style in my own writings.I have no interest in reading DFW or Joyce, even though I intend to read the stuff you guys mention in the "start with the greeks" meme.
cool, thanks for that, I'm checking it out nownot sure how literary it is though...
I read Tampa by Alissa Nutting and enjoyed it.
Holy fuck that pasta is stale
I don't think my work will ever make it out into the world and I want to die.
What brazilian writers? Just got into Machado de Assis and want to know more
Guimarães Rosa, Lima Barreto, Aluísio Azevedo, Graciliano Ramos. I like Érico Veríssimo and Jorge Amado too.
I think most American authors are shit.I agree with Harold Bloom re DFW
I don't enjoy reading anymore most books at least. I realized it not long ago when it came to me that it had been a long time since I had really wanted to pick up a book for the book itself and not just to finish it. I blame /lit/ for this : I don't read to enjoy it anymore, I read stuff just to say I've read it. Examples : Plato's Republic, Thus spoke Zarathustra, anything by kafka except the Trial and his commentaries on various stuff, The Myth of Sysiphus By Camus while I enjoyed his other works this one sort of felt like a chore.I literally became a namedropping faggot, and I regret it. Trying to "cure" that by reading stuff I enjoy like Murakami, rereading The Elegance of the Hedgehog etc...
There's a first edition gravity's rainbow for sale at the bookstore in nyack new york right now. It's Paperback. Pretty good condition.And costs 24 dollars.I didn't but it, will YOU?
i read fiction for the imagery and atmosphere
i hate 'the greeks' and ancient roman culture
My confession is that I basically just read whatever I please for the pleasure of it.Comics, Young Adult fiction, classics, vintage pulps, philisophical tracts, biographies, autobiographies, technical manuals, even eyecatching young children's books.I think of people who limit themselves to certain genres of book to be blunted, inflexible, and probably pointless to debate.
I don't hate them but I'm not much of a Classicist and usually just skim ideas and read excerpts for other stuff. I derive very little pleasure, aesthetic or otherwise, from reading Greeks
Trying to "cure" that by reading stuff I enjoy like Murakami,It's all cause you have bad taste and shoot stick to reading pleb shit.Look. No offense but from what you've said you should stick to other authors that write for yuppies then. Pic related might be to your liking.
Does nobody remember this meme
Bad taste can't be curedAlso John Green is fucking awful don't underestimate me that much.Also I realized I made a mistake by not mentioning that I was talking about Ryu Murakami. Changes a button of things actually.
Alright, fair enough. We've all got different tastes and we all end up especially if one spends much time on here reading things we'd never pick for ourselves. That's obviously the problem. Happy reading.
I'm distracted from my reading by /lit/.
I loosely subscribe to different philosophical positions in what has been called "cultural marxism".
I've been putting off the last 200 pages of Moby Dick for half a year
browsed Nineteen eighty-four once, it looked boring, skipped it.started on Dune but didn't get far.
Kill yourself
I can't read more than a chapter a week of the wind up bird chronicle. I'm frightened of getting cancer. Only about 300 pages left.
It feels like shitposting has increased in the last 2 weeks baby.
I constantly seek validation on my writing, despite thinking that what I'm writing is of at least above average quality.I also think I have something to say that nobody has written about before, but I'm afraid that I'm wrong and I haven't read anything new enough to see if it has been said before.
I'm unironically an anti-natalist.
It's my fault, I'm sorry. Been online 24/7, im not even sleeping.
I haven't read a book in four years, but i read lit blogs, which gives me enough knowledge about books to shitpost here, and have discussions with people.
I have been sending in short stories to magazines for 5 years now. Exactly ONE of the dozens of entries I have sent in has been printed. It's about a guy who summons a succubus to take his virginity but is so massively awkward he manages to fuck the whole process up.It's 90% word-for-word translated transcription of when I hired an escort, 
Any way for me to read this? I need to for...research purposes. Yeah, that.
I comment a lot in philosophy threads but all I know about philosophy is from my grade 12 philosophy course and a few library books I've leafed through since then.
Better written in parts but I don't know man... IJ is just so damn creative, entertaining, and insightful all at once
I spend more time on /lit/ than reading books
Although I've started reading Catch-22 many times, I have never made it further than halfway in.
12 philosophy course and a few library books I've leafed throughTo be fair, that's twice as much philosophy knowledge as most of lit.
Holy shit please post it
I stirnerpost a lot more than that which is healthy for someone who has only read around 15 pages of stirner :^
playI don't blame you. Stick with his poetry and essays.Back to r/books, pls
I don't read or write anything of worth, only shitpost.
I mainly read Warhammer books, and imho believe this board has awful taste.
i laugh everytime i see one of these posts:Bhutanese carpet appreciation board?Zimbabwean fly fishing image boardPolynesian coconut throwing message boardAlbanian woodworking boardLiechtensteinian lithography image-swapping board
Bulgarian bodybuilding sanhedrin
boardboardboardboardboarduse ur imagination the possibilities are endless in this Kowloon fishing village outpost
those are just a sample of the ones i've saved within the past 4 days of casual browsing.
VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT VARGAS LLOSA IS GOAT
mfw two of those are mine
i fucking hate this place and i keep coming back
hemmingway plz go.
saving these postsautism
Ever since I started lit in university I can't stand reading
fuck off tirapiedrai still seek the meaning of life
Ayyy
I masquerade as a really really dumb atheist from /lit/ to deter people from joining atheism
I'm not sure I ever liked books. I just wanted to look smart and maybe get better at brainstorming my own creative ideas, but at the end of the day I still feel like a poser when among people who actually enjoy books.I feel like I should draw a horror comic because that's probably the best I can do without embarrassing myself too much.
I don't read often, it takes me about two weeks to read a novel although sometimes i sit down and finish the whole book in a couple of hours.I've read about 30 books in the last 4 years not including uni stuff.
So just how good is this book?
It's alright. It's better than ASOIAF.
It's great. I loved it, Loved the sequel too and can't wait to read the last one.But the writer is a pretentious cunt. There's that.
who has the futures of poetry? and, if you can understand it; shall we share something? or this shit is dead. understand it?
I remember masturbating to this movie when I was about fifteen.
samefag
Actually I'm not the OP, I was just surprised to see an image I once came to at the bottom of /lit/'s catalog. I really did masturbate to this movie too. When I was a teenager I used to spend a lot of time downloading and masturbating to late 90s-early 00s independent lesbian themed films. From what I remember, the sex scenes in this movie were spectacularly choreographed, but the sexual tension between the two lead characters was what really drew me in.I also recommend My Summer of Love, Better than Chocolate, Room in Rome, and Loving Annabelle.
I also masturbated to this movie
When I was a teenager I used to spend a lot of time downloading and masturbating to late 90s-early 00s independent lesbian themed films.I jested.
where do i start with mysticism?

By abandoning logical explanations in favour of elaborate entertaining hoaxes.

Rumi and Ibn Arabi.

le..... kid
horreur thread
Laird Barron sucks.
Never actually found any books to be genuinely scary. Maybe it's just a poor medium for horror?
only when he tries to write noirread short stories ligotti, bierce.
does bumping work?
, 
, 
In OCB you get to watch a newly-married couple implode as they attempt to consummate their marriage. It turns out they've never banged before and the attempt is so bad that it threatens to end their relationship. It's a super-cringeworthy scene and McEwan does great descriptive work with British cuisine. My taste buds grew protective callous layers and hid like frightened bunnies.The innovation is that you get to jump, alternately, inside the couple's heads and figure out, piecemeal, what's fucking up their relations. Then flashbacks are mixed in so that you piece together what fucked up the husband and wife, respectively. The relationship's maybe-end becomes a frame for examining its history and conception.Nice framing device. In practice, this becomes a character study focusing on a dude growing up in mid-century UK, struggling to get laid and dreaming of being a famous historian. IE McEwan's recounting his adolescence. The girl is basically a repository of McEwan's affinity for musicians, which appears again in Amsterdam and other places. Guy loves daydreaming about being a classical musician.He also mixes in little bits of gruesomeness accidental lobotomies, repressed sexual abuse into the family drama. This happens again in Saturday. I guess McEwan's deal is sensing that he can't just nostalgically recount middle-class life without embedding some thematic foil, giving the thing a sense of outlandishness and making ordinary home life feel poignant. His prose is pretty good. Minimal clichés, some evocative scenery at the right moments, and the book is short. So yeah, pretty good, but the brevity is really vital. Not only could he not drag out this one scene for more than 100-150 pages, but what effect the book does have has to do with compressing lots of 'life' into a small number of pages. Sort of kaleidoscopic.If you're really into thinking about the sexual dynamics of teen guys in bucolic '60s UK, I get why you'd love this. But I think what was missing for me was: for all the talk of home life, it's a book about one relationship. We dig partway into the relationship but then get distracted by loads of other tangential shit. I wanted to see them together more, while DOING stuff, so that I could learn about them. Aside from the central conceit, most of their time is spent navel-gazing or talking past each other.McEwan's pretty cool, but this was just okay.
what does /lit/ think of journalism as a profession?
that it is a disgrace.
Hopress
In this day and age it's become a sad joke.
Journalism is awesome,; tabloid journalism is a huge faggotry.
/lit/ doesn't "think"
It's filled with who-ares.
It has been eroded as a serious profession. Weirdly it is also trendier than ever to become, in spite of it being shitter than ever. All the most annoying meme spewing tumblr nobs I know from university are now journalists.If you write for a serious publication that'd be different, but there are shrinkingly few of those.
I thought I wanted to be a journalist until I realised that I hate the media industry and everhting it stands for. and probably wouldn't ever be happy or successful as a freelancer.
The "awesome" kind of Journalism you're talking about doesn't exist anymore. Now it's all social media bullshit, clickbait, and the 24 hour news cycle "news" being a very generous way of describing it.
Can you re-write that in a list format. Kthx.
At best propagandists, at worst salesmen.
what does /lit/ do?
Am I a fag for genuinely enjoying the Inheritance cycle?
No, just uneducated and basic
Paolini is posting it again
If you have to ask.
i still think that it should have ended on the third book
All those books are self-insert power fantasies, written by a frustrated juvenile boy.All they can ever be decent for is a psychoanalytical interpretation, completely discarding any intent on the author's side.
I enjoyed it, so yes
I enjoyed it the same way people enjoyed "Goblins" or "The Room"
covers consist of slithery penises. allegation confirmed.
Yes
Yeah they we're pretty bad tbh
Okay, /lit/.I give up. What the fuck is The Bridge about?
asking what a Kafka novel is aboutLook up on Modernism and you might understand his thinking a bit better.
Implying Kafka wasn't a shithead that wrote stuff with no meaning.
Kafka is a...HACKACK
Ikr
Agree.One of the most overrated authors ever.inb4 muh metamorphosisThat story was shit.A dude turned into a bug and was alienated by his family because he was a big bug.That's it.
Agreed*
this faggot has only read "meme-amorphisis"
Not that anon, but he didn't say that.He simply expressed his distaste for it.
Implying that's all I've read.Pleb detected.
I checked out that website by looking at the page for Crito and there's this annotation for the usage of "God" it seems more likely that the text was corrected to be more palatable for monotheistic readerswut
Little bit of Magical realism I have nothing for you faggots but this: Gabo said : Kafka is the one who made me realise that I can write differently and differently means that I can penetrate the limits of reality not to escape from the real world, but to perceive it in a better way. so...I don't have a source for this quote but you can trust me.
OP here.I only linked that site because it was the first in the google search.That's weird, though.
Okay, anon.Let me run my novella by you.I was a bicycle. A million spokes and one rubber seat between my eyes, I rolled. I could cross the terrain of any known world without interference from angels. Suddenly, she came along. Sat down on top of me, she had, with the weight of a million cooled suns. I winced and braked at the same time, throwing us both into the gully below.How's that for you?Magical Realism, is it?Or is it just a piece of shit I came up with on the spot?
Also trips.I will soon be published.
 But you are neither kafka nor Gabo you are unpublished anon in Numidians image board writing nonsense to prove other anons wrong honestly can't you enjoy the ambiguity the complex form of words sentences,kafka' delirium and the beauty of meaninglessnesspublish your novel I promise i'll buy a copy
Moving to Istanbul in September. Is there any more patrician location to further a study of books and History?
Istanbul
Constantinople
Not that I know of. The only downside is that they speak Turkish.
I dunno OP but I'm studying Turkish next semester so hopefully I can join you in the promised land soon!
alexandria maybe
I'm jelly as fuck op. I studied Byzantine history and love Turkish coffee. Enjoy.
Well there's Venice OP. There's always Venice.
Venice has been ruined by tourism. Florence is a better bet for a renaissance town.
Depends on where you go. Plenty of beautiful places where you'll find no tourist whatsoever. My island is pretty good in this regard.Also, Florence really isn't that great I've been told.
Yeah, Florence is okay-ish, for Italy I like Bologna and Rome much better. Hos geldiniz!They speak English at Bogazici university, so that's good. Otherwise I'll just try out my Ancient Greek
Turks are anti-intellectual plebs and their country is slowly returning to a being a backwards shithole. So yes.
Wait, your going to the Bogazici? A friend of mine is doing the same in September. Had to rewrite her letter to the faculty cos she's shit at Englishing. What.
Aw that's funny. Yeah I'm at the Department of History, lol at the letter rewrite. Damn, it's going to be so much work to get a visa/residence permit/find a flat, ugh. Can't wait tho
Wtf, Florence is like the most inspiringly beautiful place and is still like a real town.
I've heard there are pretty good online resources to find an apartment or something if you're willing to share with students. At least, I assume you're a student. Good luck anyway! Can't wait to do the same in a couple of years.
Florence is a better bet for a renaissance town.not the guy your responding too, but I have disagree. I went to Florence in winter, during the off season, and there were still tourists everywhere. I imagine that you went during the summer though, so it must have been at least ten times as worse... Anyway, on the days when there weren't any tourists, Florence felt like a dull provincial town. There is no sign of the hustle and bustle which would have evident in the Renaissance town, when the city would have been flooded with farmers coming in from the countryside to sell their wares, merchants of all kinds going about on business, religious officials, lawyers and gov't officials surrounded by lesser officials or petitioners. Not to mention the prostitutes, beggars young ruffians etc. etc.It is not easy to imagine any of this either, because Florence as it existed in the Renaissance is practically gone today as a result of the adjustments made by the Medici Dukes 1530s-1720s, who changed the residential patterns of the city, totally altered the interior of palazzo vecchio and destroyed medieval buildings to make way for palaces and the uffizi. But it was the Italian gov't of the 19th century that disfigured the city the most by destroying a ton of medieval/renaissance housing in favor of large squares to make the city more "European". So while I think Florence does have many parts containing beautiful art and architecture, imo the parts don't add up to a whole that can be described as "inspiring" or "beautiful"
Istanbul patrician Allah hakbur
i agree on florenceyou know, istanbul is so much more than "allahu akbar" - it's just an insane city. right now there's a lot of syrians, and everyone is passing through istanbul - isis fighters, surely - international students, everyone trying to carve out a living in the middle east, tourists by the planeload, refugees by the boatload, workers by the busload
Istanbul is amazing, enjoy! There are lots of interesting art galleries in Cihangir nowadays.
Thanks! And yes, Cihangir is very beautiful. I didn't see too many galleries last time I was there, but I greatly enjoyed SALT Galata - though that is probably quite well-known.
I lived in Tophane from 97-2000 and my parents moved back to Istanbul in 2008 I think. Easily my favorite place in the world. There's an anglophone bookstore called Pandora on the second or third street on the left from Istiklal coming from Taksim. You should get some fresh juice from orange and pomegranate there should be an old dude at tophane, where the steep street comes down opposite from the mosque, but you can get it in many places. The Sabanci museum has great exhibits but the best part is the restaurant. Both food and cocktails are really good better than 360 I think, which is the 'nice' place tourists go to on Istiklal to get a view. Once you have seen the usual tourist sights, Istanbul Santral is also nice an old electricity plant which is now a museum. The Prince's isles are very nice, my favourite is Burgaz Trotsky lived there for a couple of years and it has Europe's largest wooden building or something which is abandoned and looks pretty cool. Babylon is a nice club for seeing random Jazz or turkish Folk artists without knowing them.
You're making me miss Istanbul already! Also can't wait to see Antioch, Trebizond and all of those ancient cities. As soon as I get my residence permit I'll be able to leave the country and see Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran and whatever else comes up. Though this isn't very /lit/. Something something Orhan Pamuk.
Have you been to Cappadochia? It's amazing as well.
Nope, but I'll certainly go! Won't have too much coursework at Bogazici since I'm almost done with my degree so I can mostly relax and travel. Will see the archaeological sites, too- Goebekli Tepe, the Hittites.. I'll probably have about 6 to 12 hours of class per week, so it'll be p cool 
It'll be nice until you get caught in AKP's state police crossfire as they butcher civilian protesters. Turkey's shift to right in the last decade/their treatment of students has been pretty terrifying. The city is beautiful, of course. But unless the Kurdish party starts gaining traction Turkey will be straight up authoritarian in the next coupe years.
Anyway, on the days when there weren't any tourists, Florence felt like a dull provincial town. There is no sign of the hustle and bustle which would have evident in the Renaissance town, when the city would have been flooded with farmers coming in from the countryside to sell their wares, merchants of all kinds going about on business, religious officials, lawyers and gov't officials surrounded by lesser officials or petitioners. Not to mention the prostitutes, beggars young ruffians etc. etc.Are you expecting a functioning city in 2015 to live up to your Renaissance fair roleplaying demands?
We'll see on Sunday's elections
I thought that renaissance fairs copy medieval england/france... But to answer your question, yes and no. Bologna still has the feel of a medieval and renaissance city because all of its architecture has virtually remained the same since the renaissance. The same goes for Pisa's duomo complex, or the rustic atmosphere of Siena, Florence's competitor to the south. While these cities also lack the dynamism of their former medieval/renaissance selves, at least you can IMAGINE their pasts much more easily than Florence. Now if you want the kind of hustle and bustle that I was describing, Naples imo gives that feeling, because it isn't just some open museum like Florence, but a living breathing, crowded city, much as it was six hundred years ago.
Naples is a filthy shithole though, which I guess is what makes it live up to your expectations.
I didn't get to see that much of Naples, but the part I saw wasn't a shithole. But anyway, you seem to be baiting so I'll end the discussion here...
baitingNaples is such a shithole that its shitholeness has an own wikipedia article, m8.
Byzance.
look at the article yourself, the garbage problem ended several years ago. and maybe your not baiting, but you sure write in a dickish tone
The Naples waste management crisis is a series of events surrounding the lack of waste collection in the city of Naples that peaked in the summer of 2008, and regarding the disposal of the trash is currently unresolvedThe triangle of death Italian: Triangolo della morte is an area in the Italian province of Campania comprising the municipalities of Acerra, Nola and Marigliano. The region has recently experienced increasing deaths caused by cancer and other diseases that exceeds the Italian national average. The rise in cancer-related mortality is thought to be mainly caused by pollution from illegal waste disposal by the Camorra criminal organization.
yes but garbage isn't piling up in the streets of naples anymore, the mafia exported the problem to another region
What is your favorite book by him, /lit/?
Mao II, Libra, and Underworld are all extremely good books. Underworld is long and some sections like Klara's past, imo are tedious but it is one of the best books I've ever read. Libra is the real great American novel, and the best examination of American loneliness that I've ever read. Mao II is on the same level, just brilliant and like all DeLillo, loaded with gems.White Noise is good - the illustration of the problems of American families who spoiler------ can't raise their children emotionally well because we don't have shared experiences of overcoming adversity anymore, like survival and building shelter and so on - our intrinsic need to connect nonverbally is increasingly hard. So for the problems it elucidates which were in its time new and important - it's a great, great book. The Body Artist is strange, but its highlights are some of DeLillo's best ever. Point Omega is good. I've yet to read The Names, but it's supposed to be excellent and close to or on par with his other masterpieces. I want to save one DeLillo, at least.
Ratner's Star and Running Dog are so underrated
The only one I've read so far is Mao II and I loved it but I am partial to stories with writers. I own Undy, Libra, and Cosmoplois. Which one should I go to next?
Avatar and Terminator 2 were probably my favorites
xDDDDDD
Ayyy
Cosmopolis and Underworld
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
, 
I knew Sam Harris in high school. He used to wear weird clothing. A hoodie when it was hot outside and these oversized fucking "tourist" running shoes. They were so big on his feet that the front portion of each shoe would go slightly limp when it came off the ground, as he walked. His haircut was weird as well. It was extremely short on top, but actually quite long on the sides in comparison. Anyway, he was a lot more arrogant back then. He was "that guy" who would always think out loud and yell "skeptical" commentary about whatever the teacher was lecturing us about. All with this really smug fucking smirk on his face. One time the teacher asked him why he didn't study and he replied that she "will eat those words when I'm a leading scientist at MIT." Another time he came into the classroom talking really loudly to the teacher. She didn't know what he was on about so she just kind of nodded. Some kid next to me said "what a fucking weirdo" and Sam's face went all red and he just began to stare at the upper left hand corner of the classroom.
I saw Sam Harris at a grocery store in Los Angeles yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?”I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen spears in his hands without paying.The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.When she took one of the spears and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
WHY DO I KEEP SAYING THIS COPYPASTA
:
Forgive me for asking but, I take it this is some sort of shit talking meme? I saw someone else saying the same thing about some other author and thought it was bullshit then.
It was a /mu/ pasta regarding Flying Lotus
WHY DO I KEEP SAYING THIS COPYPASTAjust stop posting it dude
someone post the one with thom yorke.
I believe it.
I saw Thom Yorke in a grocery store in Los Angeles yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything. He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?” I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw Thom Yorke trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter. When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
I became an avid reader like three months ago and I can't stop. I stopped watching tv and I don't spend much time on 4chan anymore.Here's how I did it.-Remember the average person reads like zero books a year. If you read 5 pages a day, you are 5 pages above the average person-Don't force yourself to read. Commit to read 5 pages a day. I swear after three days you'll feel like reading more and after a month or so you should be reading 50-100 pages a day for pleasure-Read various books at the same time. When I grab a difficult book or one that makes me sleepy I grab another and switch. This should refresh your head. Keep them thematically different. I read economics and fiction.-It isn't a race. Reading slowly won't make you sleepy that fast. Try to acknowledge what books are for you to read fast and which aren't.-Buy the physical copies. When you get the books from your own money you'll feel the need to read them to avoid the feel of wasting your money.-Start with books highly discussed here so you feel motivated to discuss.
Thanks for the advice, friend
Why are you posting this again and again? Is it supposed to be b8 pasta or something? Because you actually make great points.
Thanks, Doc.
Well all the time we get threads made by people wanting to get into reading but they can't due to a lack of attention. These threads are to keep those down.
This won't stop them, they can't concentrate for more than two bullet points.
These threads ok but you should use some dank pepes when making them. The pepe you posted makes me vomit every time I see it.
the b8 is for people who want to look down at this kind of advicethe kind of people who claim to read 500 pages a day whenever they see warren buffett reads 500 pages a day only to realize that it was a mistake and warren buffett only reads 500 pages a week
"Books were a mistake."Warren Buffett


"Cheezburger in paradise."Jimmy Buffett
Ok.IS Infinite Jest actually worth the read? Or it just a "meem".
It's really long winded. I'm enjoying it so far but unless you have a lot of patience don't bother.
Thanks. I went into the book and saw it and thoughtHey. /lit/ mentioned something about this book.THEY BRANDED IT A "MEEM"So I picked it up and had seen that was about 600 pages and as big as the bible and I thoughtNo?So I thought I'd ask.Thanks for the feedback.
it's worth the read. Do you really think that a book that came out to critical acclaim 8 years before 4chan even existed is really famous because it is a meme?
It's objectively the worst meme book
No.Sometimes you just can't like something even if a lot of people say its awesome.
It's over a 1000 pages actually, and the pages themselves are physically bigger than those of most books, and they tend to be almost entirely covered in text.
Do you like reading minority lit? If so, then trudge away.I've always been of the opinion that these meme authors could only be state creations.
Ok.. I just remember it being smaller. But I remember it being bigger now..
It's a capital-G Great book. It's brilliant, it's funny, it's imaginative, it's a fireworks show.And if you give up on it after 100 pages, you can always slag it in the daily IJ/DFW hate threads. So it's win/win.
Just do it. It's long but it's easy. As in, it's not confusing and it is easily digested. Just long.
Remember the ebonics chapters are a casual filter. If you can't force yourself through that, and J.O. Incandenza's filmography, you don't belong on /lit/
You'd have to be the plebbest pleb to ever pleb to stop reading at Wardine be cry.
Ugh the ebonics... Yrstuly was a good section though. I passed that part of the Boston Library everyday going to work.
Capital L lol.
what is the book about?I'm not asking for a summary on this big monster, much less the motifs, but just what was the point Foster-Wallace was trying to make or what is substance of the book?
Is Infinite Jest basically just Heidegger's view on technology but on entertainment?
I'd say it is. I'm on my second go-around read it four years ago and I'm enjoying it. I can see why some people would object to his prose and why others would be disgruntled by the book's ostensible aimlessness. Overall though has some very keen things to say regarding entertainment, depression, addiction - basically everything. It's the definition of maximalism.DFW is essentially Pynchon if Pynchon had to see a therapist every other day. It can be both bad and good.
It is the exact same size as a box of BIG cheez its. True story
Suicide, being careful what you pay attention to, AA, and tennis.
Randy Lentz
A lot of shit. It's 1000 pages. Overarching theme is 'truth'
No.
Its worth it like any good 1k+ page book is worth it.Some people wanna commit to 1 book some people might enjoy reading several different.
His short stories are different and interesting. You can start from there before you commit to a 1000 page book.
Yeah man I just read it and it's really good. Fuck this meme shit, it's just a good book.
It's about the American virtue in "the pursuit of happiness" of the individual.Some people find happiness in successful tennis careers, or they don't. Some find it in drugs, temporarily, or in sobriety, temporarily. Some find it in entertainment. Like movies etc.Drugs, movies, lofty career goals are all stand ins for what people use to relieve that need for happiness and fill the void that is depression. Some people become addicts chasing the high of happiness. But truth is much more elusive, and might be more valuable than these temporary pursuits of happiness.
regardless of its meme status its easily one of the best books of the past 20 years. Though its understandable if its not your thing. I read it when i was just getting into reading and maximalism can be pretty tedious to read if you are used to straight to the point stuff like Tao Lin.
If God is all-powerful, why is there evil in the world?
Because you just said he was all-powerful not "all-good"
If you were God would you care about humanity? Think about it, he's omnipotent and immortal. To him we're dust, risen from dust. God wouldn't care about humanity. It would be like us caring about the ants beneath our feet. God doesn't create the evil in our world either, so you can't blame him. When things are fucked its usually our fault.
The problem of Evil is essentially stating that there is no definition of omnipotence compatible with any possible correlating system of morality.There are numerous such combinations that have been proposed.Therefore the Problem of Evil can only be used against certain theological-ethical systems, not all. As it claims that ALL conceptions of omnipotent Deity and ALL conceptions of morality are incompatible, the problem is therefore false/invalid.
GOD HATES FAGS!Westboro Baptist church knows it's shit. They're probably the best thing in... Anywhere.They also have catchy songs on their website.
"Evil" more precisely, sin is a turning away from God. God could not force you to love him, because that wouldn't really be love.
Then, no reason to concern ourselves with him if he even exists.

God is what maintains existence, he obviously cares.
Do you really care about every arts and crafts project you make?
You think that comment actually merits a name? Fucking sad.
No, you don't understand. He didn't just create it, he *maintains* it. If God disappeared, there goes everything.
You can care a little or a lot. "Care" is a pretty empty phase here.
all good necessarily follows
It's malevolent, think Lovecraftian deities.
Considering he was willing to be scourged, crucified, separated from himself in total pain, feel the guilt of all sins in all times, die, and go to hell, just out of love for us, I'd say he cares a lot.
How does omnibenevolent follow from omnipotent?I accept that omnibenevolent is pretty much consistently taken as part of the nature of at least a Judeo-Christian God, I just don't grasp your specific argument here
God creates, instills and maintains all which is good, he is by definition omnibenevolent; he is the fountainhead of all benevolence.
a god that doesn't have unlimited empathy and ethical autonomy wouldn't be omnipotent, it would just be an unstoppable force
How do you know? Provide logical proof please.
How is an unstoppable force not all powerful?
That old lie.
When God killed the couple who embezzled church funds, is he prescribing the death penalty for embezzlement? Are we just supposed to accept this as "good?"

as does all evil, and everything else for that matter.
Is the negativity of god, it's an all-powerful uncomplete absolute that needs the negativity to be true
Who defines evil? How do you know the human definition of evil isn't just random and the actual 'evil' in the universe is purple unicorns which, mind you there are none of in the worldCheckmate, atheists.
God is dead
an soley omnipotent force wouldn't be god if it also wasn't autonomously ethical/omnibenevolent. omnipotence simply isn't the definition of the greatest possible being. the greatest possible reason, within the context of theology also implicates a value system which, in turn, as a byproduct, implies value in ethics. this isn't new stuff. i'm doing a piss drunk interpretation of alvin plantinga n' augustine
evilso you admit that there is such a thing as good and bad?? hmmm, where do you think that comes from???
No I'm not.
How the fuck do you know this?inb4 "bible says so"
the Apostles just took the body out of the tomb and made it up for fun, each fully aware they were lying, and were will to die for itNahIt's about the bourgeoisie or whatever you'd say they were back then, not embezzlement in general
wiling to dieDo you even Aquinas? His proof for God doesn't depend on God creating everything which he says can only be a matter of faith when it comes down to it, but maintaining everything.
Aquinas's proof for God was obliterated eons ago. Read Hume and drop trip, you waste of space.
I have read Hume. Hume only addresses miracles and the idea of God creating everything, he doesn't address Aquinas's proof.
If God is all-powerful, why is there evil in the world?Dualism
I dunno, omnipotence is simply the to ability to do anything you want. Ethics are just the systematization of proper conduct. Certainly, God wouldn't or shouldn't dictate human ethics. Bound himself to working that out or following it himself. Or follow his own ethics. That would restrict his limitless ability to act upon the world if he had rules he could break. The lawless nature of our world is probably the only solid ground that there is an omnipotent God has to stand on in the first place.
Why are you acting as if it's somethig that he has to actively maintain?Surely he could create an infinite number of other worlds.And i doubt keeping himself 'alive' is something he does for us.
He could create as many as he wanted, but it's not as if he's some skydaddy that makes a world that can run on its own and he just intervenes sometimes. That modernist thought. He would have to maintain every one.
Free will.Surely, everybody worth their salt has read Paradise Lost.
He would have to maintain every one.Why? What makes you say this?
but it's not as if he's some skydaddy that makes a world that can run on its own and he just intervenes sometimes.Why?He would have to maintain every one.Why, are you saying he is not omnipotent?Also, i find it funny that you believe he intervenes from time to time.
AquinasNo, I'm saying without his maintenance would be like civilization without the sun.
Can someone please tell me why people always refere to god as both omnipotent and omnibenevolent, why not just omnipotent, whose idea was it to put both?
So you have nothing?
AquinasSo you literally have no argument of your own and run to daddy Aquinas to make all the bad men go away?
Goyim. The Jewish God is a Judge.
Hurricanes are not sin, but they still cause pain and suffering
It is Aquinas who informs my position...this is like saying to a Platonist that they can't come up with arguments on their own, they just have to run to daddy Platonists.
Might consider the things that make hurricanes happen, and how our world would be without them.
You can use Aquinas as source for your argument but not name drop him in substitute for an argument. Cite your source. I can't be arsed to read all of his work just to understand your reasoning.
If God is all-powerful, why is there evil in the world?Wow you just answered your own questiont. Book of Job
We don't have to re-word THE WHOLE FUCKING ARGUMENT for you if you're too fucking dishonest to give your opinion on the matter without being well-read in the relevant literature.

It is Aquinas who informs my position

A good God, if he is real, would be a non-participating God. Why bother with mortal lives?Would you hold your kids hand their entire lives? Humanity wouldn't even be human if we personally met him. We'd just be either followers or rebels to him and things would be a different kind of fucked up. He'd just become a scapegoat for everyone's issues.
But it can and it has been proven that the world didn't always exist.
But it wasn't in Aquinas's time.
Not that guy, but if the hurricanes are a sort of punishment for sinful behaviour, and if sin originates from ignorance of the God's word and lack of faith, and if this both this ignorance and the lack of faith is potentially caused by the fate of the individual in question, e.g. his whole family gets killed off in a hurricane, and he copes with it by being a bad person, isn't the whole system kinda ultra-dickish reciprocal circle?Also are you implying that only sinful people suffer?
What fucking non-reasoning.
Then, why continue to pay a faulty argument so much lip service?You've not read Hume.
Reminder that this argument doesn't imply a benign good.
i thought he meant the phenomena that made hurricanes happen, he didnt mention sin whatsoeverhume is bullshit
What if God is not meant to be a sentient all-powerful being but instead he is the good factor on one side of the balance that keeps everything the way it is meant to be?
implying evil is real
What? The world having existed for a finite amount of time doesn't impact the argument. Aquinas is assuming it did anyway, but whether it did or did not doesn't affect the argument, since the argument isn't about God having *created* the universe which Aquinas believes, but that he *maintains* it.I have read Hume. If you're going to argue that this theological proof has no merit because it relies on causation, then you can apply the same argument to even natural science, and there is no way to prove anything to you except mathematics, but even those are a construction and Hume was an empiricist anyway. If there is no way to prove anything to you, then this discussion is pointless.
So he's a masochist?What's your point?If you couldn't actually die, wouldn't you experience death just to have done so?I would.
No, because he had to go to hell, and while it was only a couple of days on earth, it wouldn't necessarily be that in hell. He had to feel the pain of everyone's sin in all places and all times.
I would volunteer for a limited time in hell as well if I could leave as soon as I chose.Being omnipotent and all.
If he's omniscient, doesn't he know what he's getting into ahead of time and how it will work out anyway?It's all in the book.
God doesn't care about humanitySent his son to our planet to die for our sins
Why would he go to hell and break his own rules about good people going to heaven? And what is all that pain to him when he was the one who created it and maintained it? Why does he give us free will if he's just gonna punish us for it if we don't follow his every word? Do what god says or burn in hell forever; it's like he's holding a fun to yr head, some free will that is. And if there's no free will then what's the point of all this and what's the point of sinners?
He couldn't leave as soon as he chose, he had to do what the Greeks could not.Yes and no. He's 100% divine, which knows, but he's also 100% human, which doesn't have omniscience; he knows, while experiences the agony of not knowing. He's God, but the wages of sin are also a separation from God, so he has to fully feel what that is like for humans "My God, My God, why hast thou forsaken Me?"
When you are all powerful, all knowing, infinite and eternal, what really has value other than experience?He chose to experience things from out point of view.He lived a full life for a human being at that time.He experienced a great many things and died a very full death as well.I don't see what's so impressive about this.Does god have limited resources?Could he not choose to do it again?Is he not all knowing?Not all powerful?Not the source of all things?
has to fully feel what that is like for humansBut if he were human, he'd still be in hell.which doesn't have omniscienceBut if he knew that he was the son of god, an incarnation of god on earth, then could he not reasonably know that his suffering would be limited and his reward would be guaranteed?
You clearly need to start with the greeks and then work your way up to Augustine and Aquinas.I'm not going to give you a Theology 101 crash course on a shitty animu imageboard. Just not worth my time. God be with you and maybe you'll embrace his love one day.
His sacrifice is less than the sacrifice a human makes to protect another.For a regular person, everything in life is a gamble. God and a possible afterlife are entirely based on faith and not true knowledge.Not any more than any other intentional self deception we feed ourselves with obvious logical fallacies.
original sin
So god cannot have another son?He cannot choose to re-do?Omnipotence isn't all it's cracked up to be then.
But if he were human, he'd still be in hell.No, because he rused Satanmfw Protestants don't know thisBut if he knew that he was the son of god, an incarnation of god on earth, then could he not reasonably know that his suffering would be limited and his reward would be guaranteed?Yes, the 100% God did, but the 100% human did not.
Why would I know anything about a Christian god?I'm a dirty heathen.Why are all of this god's followers such condescending, self righteous assholes?The last time someone was whole heartedly trying to get me to go to his church, he ended a lengthy conversation with:"But if there's one thing I do know, it's that Jesus was not black."We hadn't discussed Jesus, black/white or otherwise. He just had to throw that out there like it was eating at him.Several others have just been creepy in their behavior and I was worried I might meet more like them in an enclosed space where they run the show.
Which denomination was it?
Isn't it a heresy to differentiate between the human Jesus and the divine Christ? I'm pretty sure it is, the dogma is that he is both :
The one who was concerned about a black Jesus?Evangelical.But I've been invited by Jehovah's Witnesses, Baptists, Pentecostals and Catholics.Southern Baptists and Pentecostals are definitely on the high end of creepy.
I'm not an apologists for self-proclaimed Christians in general, some people have used Christianity to justify slavery, some have used it to justify abolitionism, and neither side looked favorably upon the other.If you thought I was condescending, I am sorry. Christians ought never to be condescending.
He is, which means he felt both perspectives simultaneously.
His name was Caleb.Other than that, he was a real nice guy.But that rubbed me the wrong way.My understanding is that he probably looked like a Jew from that time period in that region.So Arabic.
Is that an actual denomination? I thought it was a category of denominations
Yeah, but can you then seperate the two substances from each other?
too lazy to read the enormous amount of Orthodox Christian scholarship on Theodicy throughout two millennia: the thread
Why would an all powerful being be concerned with evil?
Well, if you're going to be serious I suppose I'll not be an asshole and poke at your beliefs like I'm trying to stir up trouble.Way to ruin a potential amusement brother.One of these days maybe I'll get around to reading it.It's literally on my book case next to the King James, a Quran, the Dhamappada and the Tao Te Ching  the second two which I read because they're short. I did read Genesis, but I suppose that's just scratching the surface.
No
It's an absurd notion. If you want to understand the important of paradox in Christianity, see Kierkegaard or John Milbank, who both see paradox as fundamental to Christian faith. This is why Kierkegaard said a leap of faith is not a one time deal, and people who didn't frequently cope with faith had probably just turned their brain off to the absurdism of the dual nature of Christ; but for Kierkegaard, the basis of the awe of Christianity is that paradox, so during your brain off to it is ignoring the basis of the faith.
God is neutralEvil and Good are both moral constructs created by humans. implying animals can sin
Animals are not moral entities anymore than volcanos are.
Not that hard, guys: Because He fucking gave us free will, in His image. In our earthly life we can choose what to do, and then pay for it, supposedly, knowing the consequences. We can sin AND repent for ours sins, that is His way of being "all good", allowing us to try to undo our evils.I bet you are all a bunch of protestants.

None of Aquinas' proofs make for the Judeo-Christian case. In fact, you can find the opposite in his proofs for a God who is omnipotent cannot have will.
Catholics aren't concerned with Judeo-Christianity, so I won't be addressing that
It's so odd to me that religious people will believe just about anything, like Since animals and plants are living things, they have souls, but not in the sense in which human beings have souls. Our souls are rational--theirs aren't--and ours are rational because they're spiritual, not material.without seemingly ever even realizing how self-serving and proofless the assertions are.
That's the issue here. Morality has degrees.We know that apes can tell lies and cheat each other. Monkeys have very similar social structures to ours see Bonobos. The problem of sin arises in it's self awareness and thus degree of suffering.
prooflessim going to leave this here guys 
without seemingly ever even realizing how self-serving and proofless the assertions are."Soul" can be measured by the degree of self-awareness and reflection. A mosquito has very little knowledge of itself and how it interacts with the environment, thus it's soul is less than mine.
the fifth proof shows that God has intellect, and thus has willi dont know what youre trying to get at
implying that both good and evil arent just constructions of human spirit and God isn't above both.
What about monistic dualism? Aren't good and evil two sides of the same coin? Aren't humans somewhere along the edge, neither good nor evil?
thus it's soul is less than mine.self-awarenessBut not by much in your case.
This is you: I read Hofstadter and bladebla bla bla repeat repeat repeat parrot parrot parrot bla
so wait, under that logic could i be a serial killer/rapist and continually apologize and repent over and over again?
In the eyes of god, yes.
"Soul" psyche in Greek literally means "breath" and you will find it in the Septuagint that animals have souls for that reason. But Plato and other thinkers used to mean our rational faculty.
Meme rider detected
wait really? i should just be catholic then. i can live like everyone else AND have a sick afterlife
Pretty sure if you confessed that to your priest, he'd report you. Just like psychiatrists have to break confidentiality if failing to do so seriously jeopardizes the lives of others.
i didnt mean being a rapist/serial killer, those are just extremes.thats why i saidlive like everyone else
Because you can't have good without evil.
abusing of God's mercy is a sinand it's morally dishonest for you to do that, why would you do what you know to be evil?
Yeah, but if it's too harsh, you can't receive the Eucharist anymore. For instance, if you commit adultery or get a divorce, you can, but if you remarry, you can no longer take communion.
the seal of confession is unbreakable, even if the priest may go to prision or face authority, if he breaks it he gets excomunicated
tfw when nobody has it right'EVIL' is necessary for Humans. 'EVIL' does NOT exist outside of the Human Scope. 'EVIL' is part of DIVINE PLAN for Humans to STRUGGLE, DEVELOP and ultimately ASCEND TO THE HEAVENS.Stop downplaying God to some Zeus-character from the Simpsons. Reducing the Creator of time/space to base arguments such as "...but evil!" is just fallacious.
/thread
I doubt he would, after the cover up of all the rape scandals. If he excommunicated for reporting someone who was regularly murdering people, people would desert the Church in droves.
cuz free will ya beesh
oh please, it isnt even the same thing, the seal of confession exists so that nobody gets discouraged from confessing sins in the first place. Just like lawyers cant reveal if their client is guilty, etc.It would be a complete tyranny if the government forces priests to break the seal of confession
We're not talking about past crimes, we're talking about reasonable suspicious of future ones. If a lawyer has reasonable grounds to believe his client will raping or killing someone soon, he absolutely has to inform the police of his suspicions, because otherwise he is jeopardizing lives. The lawyer has no obligation to report past crimes, and indeed would be disbarred if he were, but that's not the same thing.
still, no priest can use any information he acquired through confessionHe may try to convince the confessed to turn to authorities, or something similar, but not directly reveal sins
Free Will
because muh metaphysical free will cop outRemember, all arguments for religion are metaphysical copouts.
all arguments for religion are metaphysical copouts.This. You have to appreciate answers like "it is beyond the understanding of moral men" or "the Lord works in mysterious ways" for just how ace-up-the-sleevey they are.
I'm not well read on this issue, but I've always reasoned that life cannot be meaningful without the presence of will, and will cannot exist without the possibility of evil. So God allows us will in order to give our lives meaning, and grace is his way of saving us from the negative consequences of that will.
Because god likes to party.
Spook
here you can skin the cat with this cat skinning machine I bestow upon youwhich can only be used for skinning catsI forgive you for Skinning the catmfw
How can will not exist without the presence of evil? Do you not believe that you make a choice in how best to do a good deed even when your hand is not forced by "evil"?Are your actions predetermined when not dealing with things you view as evil?Ultimately even your internally inconsistent philosophy does not solve the problem of evil. If you observe a deed you can call evil that exists in reality for instance, you may say The Holocaust or an individual's rape or homicide is evil then that evil is yet to be explained.The question is merely transformed by your answer, it begs the question: "Why can God's grace not circumvent all evil outcomes?"
Why isn't there a God?"It is unnecessary"
Because everything that is, including evil, is God manifested into identifiable segments. God is pre-universe consciousness that wanted to commit suicide but can't, so it wills a material universe, forcing it to have innumerable separate bodies, the vast majority of which can't think. Life is the nightmare God has before it wakes up and either gets a new perspective of itself or tries again.yfw the music of the stars is CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECESTHIS IS MY LAST RESORT
How is this a cop-out?Arguments for the existence of god have long centered around his necessity, and that necessity has been shown to boil down to a need for faith in Him.If faith unfounded belief is needed to see further things are evidence for God's necessity, then God is an unfounded belief.If you have no faith then you only look at the observable, knowable world. There is nothing in the observable and knowable world that needs explanation by the unobservable. If you do not need God for any purpose and have no observable phenomena as evidence for his existence, then why would you believe in God?If you believed that this is a cop-out because it was never explained to you in full, then let this post serve as one such simple explanation.
Thanks for reminding me I need to finish the 1st season of K-On.
The definition of evil is irrelevant for the purpose of my argument. It can be said that people typically act out of self-interest, and that those actions sometimes have negative repercussions on other people. What is good for one person can be bad for another. Having will does not mean that any one person necessarily has to perform acts which harm other people, but it does mean that inevitably there will eventually be people who do. This is just a social dynamic corroborated by ecology, game theory, psychology, and any other field dealing with the nature of animal behavior.The problem we are concerned with is the existence of bad things in life, so it doesn't matter how we categorize these things e.g. between "good" and "bad", or "bad" vs. "evil" as long as we can generally agree that some events in life are undesirable and cause suffering.God's grace does not mean he preordains events so that nothing bad can happen to anyone. Actions having consequences is a necessary part of experiencing will, so disallowing the consequences of certain actions would nullify the will. Grace is the act of God allowing us to come to know him and to seek salvation. Original sin is the perfect representation of the paradoxical nature of will, simultaneously making human lives meaningful and damning them without the re-intervention of God.still don't take my word for this, since like I said I am not well read
I don't think there is a meaningful distinction between choosing whether or not to believe in God. Neither proposition holds any more power to explain the existence of the world than the other; it is just as absurd to assume that the source of everything that exists is conscious or intelligent as it is to assume that everything exists accidentally.I really think it comes down to an aesthetic or romantic choice between which axiom you want to use to interpret the facts of the world. It is unnecessary to believe in God but also unnecessary not to believe. Specific religious doctrines are where things get complicated, and I think that's where some people get confused. It takes a lot more work to explain how scripture fits into our observation of the world than to simply propose that God exists.
If God is all-powerful, why is there evil in the world?you can't rationalize God. you see good and evil. dogs don't see the color purple. doesn't mean the color purple doesn't exist. maybe there is some other consideration you're not aware of. I'm not saying this is how it is. but it's a possibility.
If it does not achieve a purpose, and there exists no evidence for it, then your belief is both useless and unfounded.The reason people do not dwell on your dichotomy of equal uselessness but rather go beyond it, is to assure that their time and effort is not wasted doing useless things for no reason.
ctrfl+fBoethiusConsolation of PhilosophyNo resultsWhy?
What's the appeal?
He drinks a lot and says fuck.
down to earth scenarios and characters.unpretentious language. you can spend an afternoon thinking about a sentence with just three or four words because of how it's been set up. and I love that a lot of his scenes are around the kitchen and yard. I mean he can turn the every day into a big drama. and show just how emotionally charged some of the common dramas we have with each other and around the house can be.
He writes nice sentences, his characters feel very authentic and I enjoy the domestic and suburban settings. He really draws out of the latent significance in quotidian events.
His stories are impressively lean, and they resonate in that gray area between hope and resignation.
These are all correct. I love Carver, but the problem is that creative writing students read his stories and think "I can do that!" and so they all write shitty minimalist stories about their stupid hangovers and their gay faggoty boring lives and emotions that are difficult to express but also not really interesting enough to bother expressing.A lot of his prose style was heavily influenced by Gordon Lish who was a very severe editor. I really recommend Lish's book Peru. He's a bit over the top with the style, and he draws the tension out longer than necessary, but it is still an interesting book, especially if you are trying to into Carver.
Why does it matter so much to you guys what people do in their spare time?/lit/ considers their taste in literature to be "patrician", and derides anyone who likes anything else as "plebeian". They consider anyone who doesn't subscribe to their taste as beneath them. Isn't that childish? Almost like a teenager who judges others by the clothes they wear or the music they listen to, /lit/ , a place comprised mostly of college and grad students, supposedly mature, judges others by their taste in literature.You're going to die, why care about finishing the Western Canon or whatever? If you don't enjoy reading, why bother? And if you do, why wouldn't you just read whatever you like? From the Good Book, Ecclesiastes 2: 15 Then said I in my heart, As it happeneth to the fool, so it happeneth even to me; and why was I then more wise? Then I said in my heart, that this also is vanity.16 For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten. And how dieth the wise man? as the fool.Don't believe that because you know who Thomas Pynchon is, you're somehow better than someone who works at a soup kitchen. People are defined by what they do, not what they consume. Someone working in a soup kitchen will understand human nature and do more for his fellow man than someone who sits at home all day, reading the Western canon, which is fine, do whatever you want, but don't delude yourself into thinking that you're a better person for it.
An interest in good literature is a sign of a curious mind. Why would I waste my time talking to someone who sleepwalks through life?
 Because you're just so much better than everyone else, you can't afford to waste your precious time, right? Unless you're upper management in a large company, fuck off with that crap. You're just a loser who needs to validate himself with books.
Talking to the sleeping can reveal some very different insights than talking to the waking does.That you can't or won't look beyond their repetitive mumbles is a failing of your own patience.
People are defined by what they do, not what they consume.But consumption is something that is donealso you need to work on your ontology
Because most people here are closet hipsters who are dying to find anything to make them feel apart from others, and on the particular case of /lit/, this uniqueness would also motivate them to work on the Great American Novel they all have on their hard drives.I think that's self-serving, sure, but not necessarily bad. At its core, literature is about communicating ideas and practicing the ancient art of storytelling, it's why I love it and try to promote it. But this simplicity and honesty gets too lost in the "patrician" shit-tier discussion, 4channic nihilism and memeing that usually springs up.
Any author that begins with the letter A is trash. Anne RiceAyn RandAnne Frank ect.
Rand is trashmanlet detected.
Is this a meme thread
not liking ayn rand/pol/ pls leave
liking ayn rand/pol/ pls leave
Alfred Edward Housmantrash
rand is polerr what?
 Rand is Pol Rand PolRand Paul 2016
Anthony Burgess is the exception to this rule. But besides that you're 100% right.
 Likes Ayn Rand Plebfag detected
Chesterton is my Husbando
Anne FrankauthorYou missed the point. She wasn't an author and her diary isn't of worth apart from the historic and personal outlook it provides.
Aldous Huxley's Island was trash too.
This.Fucking Jew hater.
Ambrose Bierce A. A. Milne
 Aeschylus  Anton Chekhov  Alexander Pushkin  Anna Komnene  Anthony Burgess  Anna Kavan  Alejandra Pizarnik  Aesop  Aristophanes How can you be this retarded Anon?
I get that Anne Rice is vampires, but trash? I don't think so, perhaps I've grown out of it but I don't believe you even have a reason for saying that other than woman + vampires.
fuck off newfag
Adolf Hitler
Don't forget the lewd passages and lusting after her friend.
Allah is clearly best author.
Most of those don't actually start with the letter A
/pol/ has a lot of right-libertarians. Have you ever been there?
Anon too
Those are all women. I think you are jumping to false conclusions
Fuck off you limp-dick piss pot, does it matter? If you seriously think that author quality is in any way related to the first letter of their first name, you are an idiot.
Any author that begins with the letter A"A screaming comes across the sky"Hmm.
"And butt so"Hmm.
open detected/pol/ is the homeland of the internet's libertarian community; have you ever even been?
Aristotle
Also Alexandre Dumas, Arthur Conan Doyle, Arthur Schopenhauer etc.
alastair reynolds
Ann frank was like 13 or something.So anon, do you think middle schoolers everywhere will be reading your tweenage diary one day as mandatory reading? Or is it your masterpiece that we will all have our shelves? O-oh your not published yet? I see...
aldous huxleyasimov isaac
Anne Frank was 12 when she began writing her diary and was 15 when she died.Oddly, she revised parts of it during the time they hid out in the Annex in anticipation of it being turned into a book after the war.i.e. changing names of people and omitting events.You're still right, though.
Which one is more actual nowadays? What relates the two books?
Brave New World but 1984 is just used as a scapegoat, if you notice with all the advertisement, drugs, media shoving sex down our throats nonstop we're really in Huxley's nightmare.
The west is a combination of both.
I agree with Huxleys vision being more actual, in what sense is 1984 used as a scapegoat?
not him butpeople complain about cctv and not having free speech such as in 1984 but at the same time we are engaging constantly in recreational drug use and sex that distract us from the reality of life such as in BNW
Good point, one other opinion I have is that there isn't a "behind the curtains" group of people who try to brainwash in order to dominate us... I think that all of this we are doing by ourselves, just because it "feels good"
People who think we've fallen into a 1984 type world have been lured into a false sense of security, what they don't realise is that while they are complaining about the lack of freedom of speech and government surveillance they are neglecting what I mentioned above and even doing it without taking notice.
I'm inclined to think that most people aside from /pol/'s anti-degeneracy puritans wouldn't mind the Brave New World version of the future.Sure, people live in a stagnant society where they can never achieve anything or change the world, but that's always been true for the majority of people. At least in BNW, the masses are kept comfortable.
We pretty much have a government slipping towards that of 1984; whilst a consumerist culture similar to that in BNW
Takes elements from both, it just doesn't go to the extreme of either.
Why would BNW & F451 & Envy & We be dystopian? I do not get this book supremacism. And that I'm saying as an avid reader.
List of people who say BNW is a utopia:trollsteenagersfundamentalist atheistsself-loathersthe lonelyretards
/reddit/
fundamentalist atheistsWhat?
SEARCH THE FUCKING ARCHIVE NEWFAG
The rulers of the world are nuking each other in F451. At the end of We, there are people literally getting lobotomized so they can't even conceive the idea to change their situation anymore. Brave New World is just kind of sad. People had to be replaced with zoo animals. Less than zoo animals. Biological cogs and gears grown in factories.I'll give you that F451 is pretty silly though.
People are trying to fight the shadow and not the man that cast it. A futile exercise in my opinion.
tfw every discussion about dystopias is bound to eventually turn into epik meming
Hi OP, I think there's a website that's better suited to this sort of discussion. You may find it by going to Google, typing in "Reddit," and clicking the top results.Happy reading!
BNW v. 1984Honestly I hate this meme
tfw every discussion about any meaningful topic is bound to eventually turn into epik meming
Blame the normies in the real world. It's not as bad as le zombie apocalypse at least.
Presumably he's referring to the invention and codification of Atheism into a singular coherent movement by our prophet Richard Dawkins on October 2 2006.
not bad.
Brave New World is dystopian in the same sense as We, F451 and 1984 are dystopian - they represent a curtailing of the human spirit and potential. If you take a utopia to mean an environment which is wholly conducive to man's pursuit of his highest potential, then a dystopia is quite the opposite. In BNW the people barely rise above the cognitive level of animals, just having sex and lolling around and taking soma. It appears to be a utopia but there is no human flourishing, as innovation or criticism of any kind would endanger the power of the elites. What appears as comfort is in truth a mode of control. This is why we can draw stark parallels between BNW and our modern time - so many people in the industrialized world are literally living out BNW-esque lives.
Just like most other things, the truth lies in between the two extremes.
Could someone please explain the fucking point of this question to me?
"If nothing had any meaning, you would be right. But there is something that still has a meaning."It was love, right?
Hair product.
He did have really great hair.
Dear OP I assume that You realise Absurdism was an attempt to defy/undermine Nihilism right?
I do. Do you mean to say that the thing that Camus says has a meaning is tied to his efforts to combat nihilism?
In French that means something totally different.
I hadn't considered that. Could you break it down for us?
The original French is: Voulez vou a couche avec moi, sesuoa.A better translation is: If you're struggling with nihilism, go read Nietzsche again, Kaufmann's translations, it's all there, but you see, anything everyone has written about Nietzsche is not accurate.
"Si rien n'avait de sens, vousseriez dans le vrai. Mais il y a quelque chose qui garde du sens."I the first sens might mean "sense", as in "If nothing had any sense"
Voulez vou a couche avec moi, sesuoa. Being this american
At the collapse of values, death of God, etc - the existential crisis - what is the motivation for pursuing an existentialist philosophy rather than falling into nihilism?Kierkegaard wants a radical reaffirmation of the Christian faith as a personal endeavour, Nietzsche wants the overcoming of man and the emergence of the superman, Camus wants to live in rebellion against the absurd, but why?Is it appropriate to argue that a sentimentalist position ie the desire for meaning, even if - or especially if - it is superman-made is sufficient, or even precisely what is demanded in this scenario, given that the existential crisis is the end result of an increasing lack of faith in reason and absolutes?I am not myself a nihilist by any means, and the existentialists fascinate me, though I am relatively new to the area read a few Nietzsches, some Camus, and Barrett's Irrational Man.
A sentimentalist glorifies the desire for meaning. If you desire something, you must first realize that you do not have it.A sentimentalist is meaningless at his core....as are we all...
Conversely, what is the reason for turning to nihilism rather than embracing existentialism.
Who cares, man. Like...whattttttt...
what is the motivation for pursuing an existentialist philosophy rather than falling into nihilism?because you have to affirm life somehowotherwise you'd just kill yourselfi mean really, those are the stakes
Why do you need a purpose? Just embrace the comfy already
Stakes? Pah! Hang out for tits and booze and attentions for your writing. Or leave consciousness behind and be forever in nirvana. Stakes! Guys, seriously??
Suicide seems to be more a matter of temprament than an inevitability of the life unaffirmed.Suicide is after all, just another empty gesture at the void.
Well I've decided to find a muslim girl to marry so all values will still be there.I am more or less revolting against the modern world
Monocled troll? Suicide is a gesture?
Okay I'm a bit new here and I don't really read much. I wanted to start reading to expand my knowledge a bit and I was told by you guys to start with the book "Finnegan's Wake" by James Joyce to:gain a foundation for basic literatureLiterally what the fuck is this shit? I picked this up at my bookstore and I just started reading it earlier today. I'm like 10 pages in and I have absolutely no idea what the hell is going on. What was the purpose of this fucking book?Can someone explain this nonsense to me?
It's a pretty easy book to get into for beginners. Maybe you're just not suited for literature. Sorry, some people's minds are just made for vidya and anime.
You've come to the wrong place to call James Joyce shit.
it's an easy book to get into for beginnersOkay you fucking faggot, tell me what the fuck this is supposed to mean, then:The fall bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonner-ronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthur — nuk! of a once wallstrait oldparr is retaled early in bed and later on life down through all christian minstrelsy.Was this guy on drugs or something?how did this even get published
Lol, if you can't even handle Finnegan's Wake, how the fuck are you ever going to handle The Sun Also Rises or The Island?
You are quite the pompous little fagfart aren't you? OP, don't worry if you can't get into it. Put it down and read something else. Lit is known for riding on their high horses and acting like they're better than everyone. You can always come back to Joyce later.

It's like book acid. Let it open up your mind, mannnnn. Let tit riverrun threw ye and purifee ya well-wall of Anglish. A whet roarck to hown yer swords of speeeech.
my brain melted into keks
Finnegan's
This is trolly bullshit, OP.
What is satire?You should probably read something a bit more simple until you can grasp such tough concepts.
If you're confused about the word, bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk, I'm guessing you can't have passed grade school. It's one of the book's "thunderwords" and combines the different words for "thunder" used in various languages.
That my friend is a thunderword
OP, this board is full of assholes who will try to fuck with you. Lurk some more and find more accessible tecxts. Seriously, Hemingway's Sun Also Rises is a great book for exploring how style creates meaning. The Great Gatsby is also a terrific read.

If you read it aloud it will trigger a grand mal seizure. Or is it petite?
Spoon feeding this hardIf they don't have the sense to see obvious banter and satire for what it is or just googling the name of the book they were given, they probably shouldn't try to into literature.
Style! Creates meaning!
The fallWaterfallbababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonner-ronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthur — nuk!Onomatopoeia of the sound of a waterfall, spliced with words in archaic languages related to loud noises.wallstrait oldparrJuxtaposition of the mythical "Old Parr Thomas" with Wallstreetretaled early in bedSold at the beginning of lifeall christian minstrelsyReference to Christy's Minstrels, a minstrel performance group.Don't blame the author because you're too pleb to understand it.
All lies.
All pleb.
recommending pleb fodder
Don't even try it, this board is full of Reddit and Tumblr cancer
I luld.
You can't even understand something as simple as Finnegans Wake? Or realize that there's no apostrophe in it? Toppleb.
Me soides.
when the fuck did /lit become so easy to troll i swear it used to be slightly ok not much but still harder to troll you guys
Fuck off faggot I just finished reading Homer's Aenid
You've been rused my friend.
Awwwww shit. Fight, fight, fight.
Dear god I have never l laughed so hard in My life. If you are over the age of 14, reevaluate your life or consider yourself a failure.
did you even read boccaccio's adventures of achilles and friends first?
he actually started with the GreeksYou have failed. You have been deceived and trolled by 4chan. I would not put it in such simple terms if I did not think your simple brain could handle anything but blunt reality
the aeneidgreeksare you being really subtle?
Pleb here, hardest thing I've ever read was probably a tale of two cities. Could I enjoy war and peace?
that depends on why you found a tale of two cities difficult
It might be a bit long. If you learn speed reading first, it will help.
and yet ppl are still gonna get triggered
it was a few years ago, but i remember feeling like they could have explained everything with a lot less words
Homer's Aenid
Yes. it's an easy read, just long.
Boy, are you not going to be a fan of War and PeaceI mean, you could probably read it, but boy, would you hate it
ehwar and peace isn't particularly difficult but it is rather verbosetolstoy also has a thing for going off on several historical tangents and related monologuing i don't think you'll like it
this is definitely a troll; if not well donesomebody who doesn't google a book deserves it
I dunno, some of the kids who post here are definitely retarded enough to actually go out and buy Finnegans Wake without knowing anything about it.
this is either fake, in which case its a good as hell thread, or its real, in which case its a good as hell thread
what's the best way to into james joycewhere do i start
I went Stephen the hero at 17 I think then Dubliners of curse and now at 20 yeah the full price Dublinsalem
I really relate to this character :^
do more
nice, man: really groovy, super cool, keep it up
was it not stephen hero?
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
/lit/! Why don't you write a book like these guys? It looks so fun and exciting!
people don't understand literature and art in general as a whole, are hateful towards everything innovative and can't accept avant-gardism. is it because man is bound to be phobic and insecure? or just because human beings are inferior to abstractness and don't understand it?
I sense a hasty generalization.
norms
Some people are just philistines, OP. I think José Ortega y Gasset said it best in Revolt of The Masses 1930:“Doubtless the most radical division of humanity that can be made is that between two classes of creatures: those who demand much of themselves and assume a burden of tasks and difficulties, and those who require nothing special of themselves, but rather for whom to live is to be in every instant only what they already are.”
It's mostly a psychological thing. Right wingers are generally incapable of feeling proper empathy and allowing for changes, hence why most of their thought train revolves around "change is bad"
I don't understand art and I've never heard of futurism, but I'm going to make bullshit generallised statements anyway because I'm as big a cunt as OP is.
Right wingers are generally incapable of feeling proper empathyWe right-wingers have empathy. We care for the people and society as a whole. far sighted and selfless is what the right-winger is. Self-sacrifice isn't a tenet of the left or the liberals.Egalitarianism is hate.Stop hate.
Even though you project that you oppose conservatism you sound like the kind of man OP is talking about. No matter what you support you have an one sided view.
Haha, man I fuckin' love Norm. You see him cry on Letterman?
Why won't anyone read my cut up version of Naked Lunch/Fight Club? Wah! Wah wah!
To keep someone alive against their wishes is the ultimate indignity. I would consider assisted suicide only if I were in great pain or felt I had nothing more to contribute but was just a burden to those around me.This is what a life without philosophy will bring you.
I'm not quite seeing the problem.When Hawking thinks it's time for him to go, I don't think you're qualified to tell him he isn't.Nor anyone else who isn't Hawking.
only if I were in great painThis is the problem right here. People, especially Americans, think that the reduction of pain and suffering is some great good which should be striven for regardless of its purpose, even to the point of ending life in the name of 'stopping the pain'. Pain is shitty, no doubt, but to seek the reduction of pain as an end in and of itself is absurd. Pain is only an indicator or symptom, it is not a condition which requires the termination of life.
Someone should assist you in your suicide, since I'm sure going to kill yourself for being a colossal faggot.
This is what a life without philosophy will bring you.This is the sort of chucklefuckery one makes when one is overeager about bandying about a term they only learned about the other day.To a degree.Pain is only an indicator or symptomThen what say you about life?
1. Hawking is not American, he is a Brit.2. Hawking's condition is untreatable, and his substantially reduced quality of life, i.e: pain, is inescapeable save through death, which, coming to us all sooner or later, he may find desireable to expedite.
Is should be a right to a peaceful death but it will be unlikely the case because of the principle of life from all humanist doctrines, doctrines which have been in power for the last centuries.Until, of course, the feminists dicovered that abortions are alright and must be enticed by the states since from now on, the principle of pain is more valued if you desire something from the society, you must say, from now on, that it makes you sad and oppressed. From this, there is no longer a justification to forbid a painless manner to give death to yourself, paid by the states.With the declining population, only the euthanasia is considered. The state does not want to give too much liberties, especially in liberal societies. The humanists of today do not understand that the philosophical suicide can be considered, since all they see is through pleasure/pain. Plus, the naysayers say that it opens the door to the suicides in mass. This is really quite a dilemma for all those humanist societies who rely on consent, whereas they violate this consent on a daily basis already, even from your birth think of your nationality where your state does not ask you if you wish to be part of it, where the states do nothing to favorize the stateless state for individuals, or to move abroad etc..I think that in a few generations, probably after the century, we will come back from this life penalty, just like we came back from the death penalty. This statement is statistic, which means that a lot of countries will adopt this stance, but there will still be a few to refuse itthe picture is the poster of an italian film on euthanasia and the last death is a form of philosophical suicide that so few understand.I think that there is legitimate concerns over euthanasia. Typically, that we already abandon the old in some hospices with the result of them being sad and ill. The euthanasia/suicide-for-the-old would be a bad solution to a false problem.
Now, the legitimate concern about suicide =suicide of the young is that the suicidant has responsibilities. It is the famous cliché that before you die, you subscribe a financial credit and never pay back. Or you conceive children, only to give death to yourself a few years later.perhaps, some day, out of the cost of sustaining the life for the old, some country will be the ultimate utilitarian and give death to old people for financial reasons, but I doubt it.I do not think that the state plots against the people to enslave it in some life penalty. I think the politicians talk about what the public want and can hear. The suicide is too taboo now, euthanasia is more or less hear-able, especially with such a old demography. Since I believe that the humanism will remain the doctrine in power for a few generations, once the euthanasia is accepted, it will be the turn of the suicide to be the subject of attention. I think that it just takes time and nobody can have, at once, all the liberties everyone can conceive.more precisely, they talk about the affairs whereof they are aware, the affairs whereof the public likes. I do not think that many people will be concious of this kind of suicide.The peaceful suicide having nothing to do with the hedonism, I think that the suicide in general will never be discussed if the doctrine/morality in place still focuses the feeling, such as it is today. I do not see a bunch of more or less healthy persons going into the streets and asking for a drug to peacefully die in stating that somebody hurts them and oppress them. Perhaps the whole mentality of how to deal with requests in a democracy will change, but it will not be for tomorrow if the change in mentality is gradual over time.
i am not a vitalist à la Nietsche or Deluze, Camus, though . I think that the humanity's essence is to work on reflexivity relating to the concciousness, solipsism. For instance. I see the animals as having poor reflexivity, and good solipsism. They are what they feel. They are not detached from their emotions, nor thoughts, nor self. They are as close as their skin as it can be. Idem with the women.men are the same during infancy, but my bet is that our job is to be like those buddhists not the hippies buddhism to become selfless, to be in control of our body and mind.A burning animal would scream and run in every direction. A burning man would not do this, because it has reached a higher essence than the one of its animosity
How do I into Sherlock Holmes?
Read the books.
You don't.
Which ones first
Read all of the stories, in order. If you don't read them in order, make sure you don't mix up any of the pre-moriaty and post-moriarty stories.
try googling
The first ones
sherlock holmes is shit
I found "The complete sherlock holmes". This book has every story right?
no it's not complete
look at his bibliographycompare it with the tocare you a fucking retard or are you a fucking retard?
I mean every original story. If not, what's missing? It says it's everything ACD wrote about Sherlock?
just read them, it's always the same anyway.  Moriarty doesn't die at reichenbach because conan doyle is a faggot 
After reading the Alan Clark Diaries, I've suddenly developed an interest in Thatcherism. Does /lit/ know any good books on the subject?
She wrote a long memoir.
I wasn't aware of that, I'll make a note to check it out
The first volume of an authorised biography by Charles Moore is out atm. I really dislike his politics, but it was meant to be pretty good.Not a book, but there's a pretty good BBC documentary called the Thatcher: The Downing Street Years, if you want a light introduction.
Hayek's The Constitution of Liberty
THIS IS WHAT WE BELIEVE
I really dislike his politicsThat's exactly why I've avoided the Moore biography so far
AH VOOT LAHBOUR BECAUSE ME MAM END DHAD VOOT LAHBOURCOR DAT THATCHER WEEMON IZ THA DEEVAL
I know far too many people like that, mostly Scots
I am a Scot and everyone I know is like that.mfw we'll inevitably get independence and a right wing will be nonexistent.
I have no doubt some of my Scottish friends would lynch me if I expressed any views even remotely right-wing
You might have some fun googling 'Deleuzian Thatcherism'. Also, the 80s are a white elephant; see you again when you finally turn up nothing.
Is the Blue Labour movement happening in Scotland at all?
We one party state now friendo.
Not read personally but my father recommends 'When the lghts went out: Britain in the seventies'. Admittedly, Thatcher won't turn up until the latter parts but will give you a good idea of how she came to be PM.
Hence why I brought that up.
Blue Labour only won one seat last election, SNP pretty much took over, I live in Newcastle and it's a pretty scary thought we've got national socialists so close to our border.Quite common here in the north of England, people are thick enough to vote for Labour because they still think they represent the working class when both Labour and Conservatives may as well be the same party.
Thanks, I'd never heard of that one but it looks fairly promising
I'm originally from Sheffield so I'm very familiar with those kinds of people
/lit/ defending Thatcher, oh how things have changed.
I'm scottish and I have to say I fucking hate how deluded and aggressive the political scene is. Also fuck those braindead weedgies
interested in Thatcherismhaven't killed yourself
1 Gather some pieces of paper together2 String them or bind them3 Vomit all over itYou've just written a biography of Thatcher
m-my marxist hugbox!
national socialistsAre you comparing the SNP to the Nazis?
....You can be interested in something and not support it.
Not with these tumblr tier intellectuals this board's plagued with.
tumblr tierAs a someone fairly new to /lit/, I've just relatively equal amounts of political shitflinging from the far right and far left on this board and both sides claiming the other side is dominant and ruining this board. Tumblr is too much of a circlejerk to be compared to /lit/.
Ban yourself
She was a liberal, knew the cost of everything and the value of nothing.She rode the North Sea Oil bubble, spent the money and then handed our economy to the banksters. 2015Thatcherism
Literally the worst kind of people. You never see Tories or Liberals holding such bitterness.
Conservatives are actually pretty liberalLabour are centralist rather than socialistsWe may as well be in opposite land
Do you have no notion of how bad the Thatcher government was for Scotland it isn't just a random prejudice.
30 YEARS
Irrelevant Neoliberalism is stronger than ever.
They basically are anyway.When they start wanting more of their original land back I would be very worried.
They basically are anyway.I'm not very familiar with British politics, but I thought the SNP was very progressive socially? I find it hard to believe the SNP would be saying things like multiparty democracy enables Jewish bankers to control and subvert countries etc etc... Nazism was a lot more than just nationalism + non-Marxist socialism.
In which circle of hell would you find Christopher Hitchens and all New Atheists?
Hell isn't mentioned in the Bible till the New Testament, because they had to wait for the idea to pass over from Asia.It's a myth, kid.
being judged by beliefs and not actions
idea wasn't invented culturally ex nihiloTherefore not revealedSure is fundamentalist in here.
needs more ex deo
The seventh circle. That's where the blasphemers go.
Easy, Circle 7 Canto 14 with Capaneus.
It would all depend on how they treated Danté if they were around back then. Probably the lowest of the low.It's an honorary book of the bible. To the westerners anyway.By Danté, yes.
éwhat are you doing
In case you guy's can't tell: OP is talking about hell in a literary sense, not a theological one. The Divine Comedy is not a work of theology.
you're just jelly Dante was chosen by the almighty to have secrets revealed to him and you weren't
underrated post
Circle 8 canto 14, Blasphemer maybe 15/16 as a sodomite. Right above the people who charge interest on loans.
whoops meant circle 7
Note that because hitchens was an "anti-theist" he gets to canto 14 at least. But a normal "le bazinga science" atheist might only get to canto 10 for heresy.
Canto 30There's no way they actually believe, deep down, in what they say. No human can. Unless you can give me physical, empiracle, measurable proof that atheism actually exists that I can hold in my hand, I refuse to believe it.
If the idea had to pass over from Asia, how come the Greeks and Romans already had it?
Pride.
It's more explicitly theological than most books of the Bible.
In some ways, but certainly not the idea of rings of hell, which comes from how Virgil imagined Hades; it has no theological basis.
tbh burning tombs sounds worse than river of blood
Which circle do you all belong in?32 here. Thank God for Jesus.
If i remember correctly the blood river is like boiling and packed full of bodies under the surface. People are all fighting under the blood water pushing each other down so its like eternally being boiled and manhandled. At least you get your own tomb with heresy!
hellLiterally, the boogeyman adults started believing.
were you talking to yourself here? or are you under the impression that anyone needed that cleared up?
what a wasted get
trips are not a "get" you fucking retard.
oh damn anotherstop wasting them, you profligate
Have you read Emile Durkheim's "The Elementary Forms of Religious Life"? I think it gives a pretty convincing argument of how religion was built.
I always think the white part of his cap is a headphone.He is in a meeting and what the others are saying is being translated though those headphones.
My gf wants to become a polymath, since she thinks "intellectual specialization" has become "excessive" and "hampers a cross-disciplined" approach. She has a triple major in math, theology and art, and tries to devote at least an hour a day to fitness. She also wants to learn more about philosophy, which I'm helping her withAny books on a polymath program or something like that to help her?
If your gf could become a polymath she wouldnt need her cuck bf to ask on 4chan
Want to be a polymathNeed helpShe will never be one.
I know more about literature and philosophy than she does
Tell her to woman the fuck up and stop being a dilettante. Any books on a polymath program or something like that to help her?polymath programnot a shill term for "self-help book" or "içnsecure corporate overachiever manual"She doesn't need any program, she needs to keep practicing what she likes and read on whatever she's interested into. Keep helping her with philosophy by recommending books she hasn't read and engaging in philosophical discussion with her. That'll be more than enough.
Sorry to break it to you, OP. The age of the polymaths is long gone :^
2015Any chance at becoming a polymathPolymaths are dead, she'll be a generalist and nothing more.
I do, she has come to the conclusion that scientism is a result of people being insecure about their knowledge of fields like philosophy, and as a way to marginalize dissent against power. I obviously need to get her into Foucault, eh?
Sounds like an exceptional, man-like woman.The closest I can think of a polymath program is what they do in French "classes préparatoires". Look it up.
Thanks, she actually started teaching herself French when she was fourteen, so that should delight her.
why are you so desperate to keep yourself busy?
I'm sure you don't even know an iota about literature
Foucault is faggot
I think I know more than she does, but regardless she wants to work through the How to Read a Book list with me.
It's you, right? They have what's called multi-disciplinarians. The significance of the so-called "polymath" isn't explainable is simple terms anymore.
I think I know more than she does, That's not saying much.
Knowledge is relative. All of us don't know shit about literature compared to people like Harold Bloom
polymathjack of all trades, master of nonenobody likes a know-it-all
 I obviously need to get her into Foucault, eh?That'd be nice, don't forget to buy a whip ans to absent-mindedly mention De Sade.Former prépa fag here. In science at least it provides good base training, but the "polymath" thingy is more about the top crop being able to smartass their way into anything. It's a mix of adaptability, quick pattern recognition habits and solid culture backed by an ability to bullshit whenever you're not solid. Think more Engineer-Salesman-CEO shapeshifter than Da Vinci. Now that could still interest her, but as I said the "polymath" label is a bit misleading here.
She wants to be a master, not just a jack
The polymath is just the humanist vision of the perfect man. If she wants to be a polymath she should read the renaissance humanists so that she can get an idea of what it actually entails.If she could made to understand the existence of God and that man is not an end unto himself, but is created to glorify and rejoice in God, she would give up this inordinate desire for natural perfections. What she is trying to do amounts to putting make-up on a pig. She is only beautifying her outer nature. She is cleaning the outside of the cup and leaving the inner part dirty. If she wants to be clean of heart and reach true perfection she will have to implore the Holy Ghost.
She has read several Renaissance thinkers, and was very influenced by them.As I said, she's majoring in theology, I'm not sure where you're going with that.
OP sounds like he is exaggerating his retarded gf's capabilities
master of all tradesshe should start with immortality
Well, as she read Marlowe's Faust? Because that's where this quest of hers ultimately ends up, viz. in selling your soul to the devil for knowledge.
She graduated from high school at fifteen. She's decently smartInteresting, I will tell her that
this post is an excellent example of why monotheistic religions have been intellectual poision for centuries"so your gf is trying to follow all of these useful intellectual pursuits. Instead of trying to perfect her knowledge and understanding of the world she should just realize that she is speshul cuz of God and focus on that instead"i know this is a trollpost but some people on this board ACTUALLY think this way
This hurts to read.
MathTheologyUsefulAlmost had me
lol @ this meme. i see it literally everywhere. "le these days it takes teams of scientists rather than the lone genius burning the midnight oil" or "it takes a grad school education just to be able to start doing well in mathematics." none of those points are relevant to the idea of being excellent at science, math, and literature. go nuts. anytime the collective begins to assure a limitation, fucking dedicate all of your energy to proving that limitation is bullshit.
To be a polymath requires a certain superficiality, a kind of childishness. The wisest natures like Solomon and Plato look not to understand a great variety of things, but only concentrate on the first principles, what is absolutely necessary, and then they inevitably arrive at the vanity of human knowledge. I don't think the wisest men of the ages would be impressed by modern industry and science. It involves a deep ignorance and neglect of man's final end in pursuit of some lesser ends. Polymathy is like a constant state of being a precocious child; very clever, but without wisdom."Enlightened people are not cultured,Culture is not enlightenment.""The follower of knowledge learns as much as he can every day;The follower of the Way forgets as much as he can every day."Tao de Ching.
I like you
there is no being a polymath w/o sprezzatura
These intellectual pursuits don't lead anywhere. They lead only to confusion and forgetfulness. The idea that man can perfect himself by knowledge and return to paradise through controlling nature is a doctrine passed around in secret societies for a while now, it's the ancient myth of Atlantis, a society ruled by mathematical knowledge, science. But Atlantis was baptized in water, as we know. The modern world is emphatically known as the New Atlantis see Bacons New Atlantis, the blueprint for the modern. world or new world order. The old Atlantis was baptized in water but the new Atlantis will be baptized in fire.
The modern world is emphatically known as the New AtlantisThe modern world is mystically* known as the New Atlantis.
this nigga knows what's upanyway, good luck to your gf, her fight is a noble one. I hope she finishes all those majors.
She should learn to cook and have children instead. Even if she's tremendously intellectual she's better off passing her genes down to a number of male children rather than [futilely] trying anything scientific herself.
She would like to have children in the future, but she's only seventeen right now.
she's only seventeen right nowshe's going to have a deep existential crisis
not dealing with your existential crisis phase in your early teenspleb
I was too busy becoming a polymath
the wisest naturesall those who forgot being and never got post-modernismdropped. There is no wisdom and there is no mistery in the world.
or mental illness
To add to the point, people who seek enlightenment doesn't understand what it is, they are mystified by it, in hypnosis. People who don't seek enlightnement or wisdom understand that it's just dettachment and devalueing of the flesh/world.hegel would laugh
Not spending ages 12-20 having an existential crisis
spending all of your best years of masturbation worrying about deathLmao what a terrible life to live.
Not using masturbation to forget about deathIt's like you've never masturbated profoundly before. It's pretty incredible.
She already had one a while back, that's why she decided to major in theology. Although she's still undecided about religion and God.
academics having their nose up their asses are hardly polymaths.Spending mondays studying maths at the library the nose between the pages of a book and come back tuesdays to do the same thing with a theology book isn't exactly polymathy, sorry.Being a polymath requires to be interested in vastly different activities, trades and fields altogether. All great polymaths have never been solely academic focused, they actually enjoyed being invested in activities that challenge the box they were educated in. They became artists, engineers, doctors, explorers, pilots, carpenters..Do something with your hands, learn to sail a boat and celestial navigation, learn to sew like a master tailor, learn languages, do stand up comedy. Trying to master different fields really is hard. Staying in the academic sphere is easier than you might think in comparison. That being said, I really think people on the polymath path should ignore naysayers and stick with it. wikipedia says Da Vinci was a "painter, sculptor, architect, musician, mathematician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, geologist, cartographer, botanist, and writer."Note how his endeavors were spread over several fields of art , applied and pure science and practical hands on activities like medicine or botany.
Stop giving advice
You must be pretty neglectful of history to believes that monotheistic religions haven't encouraged intellectual pursuits in the past centuries. Who created the universities according to you ? You might make the very speculative imo argument that those would have developped without monotheistic religion anyway, but that still wouldn't be enough to claim that monotheistic religions hamper intellectual improvement.
Although she's still undecided about religion and God.Religion is real.God is real.
Lol Op is a retarded 25 year old dating a pretentious 17 year old hahaha
Her entire family are hardcore atheists who consider religion to be a bane on humanity, so I don't know how far she'd go with that. But she does really find it interesting.
Good luck being the next mathematician to know all mathematics of his time. Iirc the last one was Poincaré, and he worked with considerably smaller material than what we have now.The problem is not peole claiming that polymath in the old sense can't exist that is pretty much a fact, there's little point in denying it. The problem is, why do we fixate so much on the idea of being a Renaissance polymath when it's mostly an a posteriori category that only applied to a few handfuls of exceptional people back then ? If I pretended I want to be found a Knight Order complete with swords and armor people would laugh at me, and for good reason.There's a difference between being a renaissance polymath, having an extended culture informed from various sources, and being a professional, an artist or a scientist tht works with a variety of material. Each of those terms is different from the others, and it's perhaps worth considering those differences rather than latching onto the old "polymath" heroic figure.
I'm 22 m8
Have we found the uberwomensch?
there's too much math to be a polymath now. best she can hope for is a demimath, im afraid. the last polymath died before he could learn set theory, actually.
tfw mini-mathIt's not bad.
Fuck off, loser
demimathmini-mathrelative to the known. but to the unknown and unknowable? you're a potato-math.
Well she has a bust of Napoleon in her bedroom
That doesn't mean shit, you retard
she has a thing for manlets?manlet detected
I feel like you've mentioned your gf on 4chan before OP, specifically the bust of Napoleon.
N-no
I did, I came here for advice on how to woo her. I boned up a lot on philosophy and literature specifically for that reason.
How do you, personally, enter the sphere of certain topics without the necessary credentials, network, capital, etc? For some fields, there's a lower barrier to entry, like literature albeit with the MFAifization of literary culture, that's a significant barrier but with sciences and math it's difficult. How do you learn from, interact, exchange and influence people in fields like that? It's all well to just read a bunch of books and surf the Internet alone, but learning requires a social element if you want to have a dialogue with what you're learning and not just spend your life consuming information without producing anything not that you need to, or do you?.
How does it feel to be only to namedrop writers because you're too retarded to formulate your own opinions on them?
So you successfully captured her?Good job, lad. But if she's so smart, why hasn't she found out you're a fraud yet?
She's never dated before
If she can't see though your obvious pretensions then she's probably pretty pretentious herself.
In that respect I'm basically relying on my own personal insights. Kind of like an auto-maths, if you will.
No, she's hides her power level around just about everyone. She pretends to like YA around her friends, and talks about books she's never read.
That meme again.bust or gtfo
Do you appreciate that your life right now is pretty much an anime?
This 
I feel like you're making this all up, OP. Are you sure this is a woman?
If this thread is still up on Friday, I'll try to get a pic for youNo
Well if it was hormone treatment, it was well done
She pretends to like YA around her friends, and talks about books she's never read.That just makes her more pretentious.
hahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahaha fuck it i'm done.
Nocrying shame tbhI'm choosing to believe you, because life's more fun that way. Giving your thread a cheeky bump for the pic.good luck
There are polymaths nowadays, but it's extremely rare.
a potential cannot actualize itselfoutdated
ITT: OP brags about his genius underage grillfriendCool story broseph.
I notice in these threads it's always "my gf"who has these fucking ridiculous ideas. Not fooling anyone faggots
implying anyone would have a gf if they can read a book
Let's face it, since the advent of wikipedia, is acquiring knowledge even a logical pursuit anymore?
be merealize I have access to a disgusting amount of books, ideas, philosophies, informationrealize all generations before didn't have such quick, easy access to any of the tools necessary to be amazing, learned, pinnacles of wisdom and know-howshitpost on 4chan all daygoogling "is christiano ronaldo gay"watching Ancient Aliens on youtube
Your GF sounds based as fuck honestly. Good for you
polymath programYeah, there are kits you can buy at Wal-Mart. Some even come with a free "Genius Starter Pak".Shit, how embarrassing.
embarrassingActually, there are kits you fucking asshole. Ever hear of a thing called Baby Einstein Company LLC? Why do I bother with you plebs!
Faust sold his soul because he wanted to experience happiness. His scholarly pursuits weren't fulfilling.
In Goethe's Faust there is a character called Wagner who complains that if only he could understand everything in the encyclopedia, he would be the wisest man on earth. This is a parody of the superficial understanding of wisdom that is satisfied with the surface data of things and doesn't desire to probe into the inner mystery of things. Dr. Faust WAS a polymath but he leaves his university in disgust and derides his fellow doctors as silly and conceited men. This leads to his turning to the occult to inquire into the inner mystery of things.
Wait a fucking minute... I remember this too. But didn't she have a bust of Hegel, not Napoleon?
I HAVE, alas! Philosophy, Medicine, Jurisprudence too, And to my cost Theology, With ardent labour, studied through. And here I stand, with all my lore, 5Poor fool, no wiser than before. Magister, doctor styled, indeed, Already these ten years I lead, Up, down, across, and to and fro, My pupils by the nose,—and learn, 10That we in truth can nothing know! That in my heart like fire doth burn. ’Tis true I’ve more cunning than all your dull tribe, Magister and doctor, priest, parson, and scribe; Scruple or doubt comes not to enthrall me, 15Neither can devil nor hell now appal me— Hence also my heart must all pleasure forego! I may not pretend, aught rightly to know, I may not pretend, through teaching, to find A means to improve or convert mankind. 20Then I have neither goods nor treasure, No worldly honour, rank, or pleasure; No dog in such fashion would longer live! Therefore myself to magic I give, In hope, through spirit-voice and might, 25Secrets now veiled to bring to light, That I no more, with aching brow, Need speak of what I nothing know; That I the force may recognise That binds creation’s inmost energies; 30Her vital powers, her embryo seeds survey, And fling the trade in empty words away.
No, she's hides her power level around just about everyone.kek
And here I stand, with all my lore,Poor fool, no wiser than before. Always loved that line.
WAGNERStill to watch on I had been well content, Thus to converse so learnedly with you. But as to-morrow will be Easter-day, Some further questions grant, I pray; With diligence to study still I fondly cling; 255Already I know much, but would know everything. Exit.  FAUST aloneHow him alone all hope abandons never, To empty trash who clings, with zeal untired, With greed for treasure gropes, and, joy-inspir’d, Exults if earth-worms second his endeavour.
No, she read Hegel.
I have no advice but I wish her luck.To become a master on both math and art today is huge task, the amount of material is a thousand times more than in renaissance. Most of us on this board would be considered math geniuses back then.
Look to the musings of one Piero Scaruffi OP; perhaps the only modern thinker that I would call a true 'polymath'.
tfw this might actually be truealso, bumping because OP might actually share genius-level breasts
We need to know what this platonic ideal of a woman looks like.
Nah she can't.You can't even master all of mathematics nowadays. Even child prodigies like Terry Tao, who know a lot about all of mathematics, are only able to advance very specialized fields. It's just too much stuff.But who cares. I think knowing a bit of everything and maybe mastering few things here and there is cool too.
polymathsonly one part maths to two parts waffly nonsense The only way to be a polymath nowadays is to just be born with extremely rare talent at mathematics then use that to tear shit up in physics, logic and computer science as well.Like Jon Von Neumann. Your girlfriend's recipe will simply result in a hipster math and philosophy guy.
Do you know what board you're on? It's not /sci/
My gf wants to become a polymath, since she thinks "intellectual specialization" has become "excessive" and "hampers a cross-disciplined" approach.math theology and art majorHeidegger's going to destroy her shit, man. Ease her in with the origins of art and lectures on Plato, then hit her with the turn and see if she becomes a zen nunnery's logic instructor or anheros
I'd expect any intelligent person to agree that the person most like Pascal or newton born in the 20th century is jon von Neumann.He's the only person to get to the frontier in so many different areas and make significant progress in each of them.
You do realize that the idea of the Renaissance is about completing oneself as a person?
math can be worked through if you struggle with itthere is also a sense in which all that stuff you're talking about is pretty compactyou could probably get it all through a couple dozen books if you really worked through them i'm doing something like that nowother knowledge though. like history and literature and the arts is a matter of sheer bulk. there's no way to distill a book into one line. you have to sit through it all. so, really, the weight is on the side everything you didn't mention.it's just that people look at math based stuff and assume it's much more complicated than it is. read one linear algebra book and you're ready for quantum mechanics. read that and you're ready for the standard model.but you're never "done" with joyce no matter how many times you read him.
it's just that people look at math based stuff and assume it's much more complicated than it is. read one linear algebra book and you're ready for quantum mechanics. read that and you're ready for the standard modelthis is what pop-science faggots actually believe
Except that one read through of a linear algebra or analysis book takes about five hundred hours to do properly. You can't really compare the two.
how do you think working physicists learned what they know?yes you can. first of all the magnitude is not five hundred hours to, say, five hours. it's maybe more like fifty or twenty five. second of all we're talking about not just a little more but much, much more sheer knowledge. more sheer facts. in reality, it's probably endless, because you have multiple interpretations of each work, each text. only when your mind has access to all of that stuff will you be able to make strides in the humanities.for the sciences, it's much more clear cut, and that's part of what makes them what they are. i'm not saying there's no subtlety but you can begin to work with them as they are much sooner.don't make too much out of the modest claims i'm making. i'm not saying one is better than the other or anything.
About 1 in a billion or 1 in several billion would be capable of von Neumann's achievements. I suspect the proportion of people who could achieve a high level of understanding of joyce while wading through history and literature is much higher.Also in reading joyce you aren't actually achieving anything new. or creating anything. pascal and newton are remembered as polymaths because they made progress and achieved things, because they reached the frontier in several very different areas and progressed further significantly.There were probably thousands of people living in the renaissance who had read and understood lots of books , appreciated music, learnt mathematics and science, but who gives a shit about them? the ones who are remembered as polymaths are the ones who actually achieved something and made progress beyond merely understanding a piece of fiction written by an author.
how do you think working physicists learned what they know?With years and years of experience?You don't just learn mathematics, you get used to it after years of playing with it.I agree that it's a much simpler realm, that of highly mathematical sciences, but to master them, it requires more than just putting definitions in your brain. You often have to create your own view of something to play with it when you need it, especially when your job is to come up with proofs.
I want to tell you not to be so pessimistic and to not fetishize your heroes too much. If you stick to a day-by-day program, I'm certain you will be able to know anything you want to know by the time you're 30.
The reason there's so much information in the humanities is because it's much easier to make progress in, not harderin reality, it's probably endlessYou haven't got very far in mathematics have you?
you've missed the point.understanding something that someone else has written for you to understand in a book isn't the same as discovering something and making progress at the frontier of understanding yourself. the former is much, much less of an achievement than the latter.There were probably thousands of people living in the renaissance who had read and understood lots of books , appreciated music, learnt mathematics and science, but who gives a shit about them? the ones who are remembered as polymaths are the ones who actually achieved something and made progress beyond merely understanding a piece of fiction written by an author.
we're talking about becoming a polymath who has the tools to make advancements in all fieldsthis isn't the same as someone who devotes all of their life to one subjecthowever, the more i study, the clearer it becomes that the vast majority of advancements and innovations is applying one thing developed for some purpose over here to something over there it hasn't been developed forthe appeal of knowing about a lot of stuff is the possibility to spot these interconnections -- not to gain the deepest possible understanding of all the nuances of one thing.
You haven't got very far in mathematics have you?what are you referring to?you have to know things first to do things. understand my point first.
you have to know things first to do things.obviously.There isn't any point in saying that in response to either of my posts  or  and it doesn't refute anything in those posts.
yeah it does because you're confusing being a polymath with being a good will hunting type geniusplease don't get mad okay. i know you have a short temper
you two stop fighting NOW!!!
seeThere were probably thousands of people living in the renaissance who had read and understood lots of books , appreciated music, learnt mathematics and science, but who gives a shit about them? the ones who are remembered as polymaths are the ones who actually achieved something and made progress beyond merely understanding a piece of fiction written by an author.It sounds like you just want lower standards for yourself so you can call yourself a polymath.
She sounds pretentious. The whole reason specialization exists is because there is literally too much to know in modern mathematics. You MUST specialize if you intend to work at the frontiers of mathematics or natural science. Of course, if she's only pursuing this "polymath" thing so that she can feel superior for it, I'm sure she can have a understanding of the basics of the various areas of mathematics, science, literature, etc. that is good enough to impress others.
what are you referring toyour understanding of infinity and to a lesser extent probability
Reminder that the extinction event is inevitable and that the antinatalists have already won.
It is unfortunate that antinatalists lack the constitution for suicide, seeing as how they literally get their philosophy from a TV show which led them to a work of "philosophy" penned by a horror author.
Read the book nigger
If I wanted to be a nihilist, I'd at least be a Christian.
antinatalismnihilismpick one
can't fucking wait tbh
it will take a long time for the sun to run out
It certainly is in the Nietzschean sense, in that it places a negative value on the world.
In the Nietzschean sense it is tbh.Buddhism is probably the ultimate nihilist cult by those standards.
He's just a negative nancy. His fiction is fine for what it is but I wouldn't take any of his philosophy seriously
But an extinction event is something that cannot be chosen. It has nothing to do with spergy antinatalists.
and before it does it'll increase in luminosity and cook the oceans off the earth, anyway
Natalist argumentI don't like it and if you think it makes sense you're edgy.prove the objective sanctity of life or get out.
In a Nietzschean sense everything is wrong
Life-affirmation being "objectively" right goes against the very foundation of life-affirmation. It is only the nihilists who seek values to be imposed on them externally, through "objectivity" because they are too weak to create their own.
beware, having children can positively bring you pain and bring pain to the world while you delude yourself because of the opinion of others about your choice.hide natalism feel good propagandaignore advice from fathersdo not reply to natalist posters
create your own valuesstill believing you can do thisdo you even phenomenology
Man out of all the possible existential crises one can go through antinatalism definitely attracts the biggest betas.It's like the perfect bellwether for spotting the biggest betas in any given thread. So I guess even antinatalism has its uses.
while you delude yourself because of the opinion of others about your choice.i prefer being 30 with big ass money and time rather than being 30 with a big ass fat landwhale because pregnancy lel and hormones with a child and working a job all day
The term is derived from the Middle English bellewether and refers to the practice of placing a bell around the neck of a castrated ram a wether leading his flock of sheep. Amusingly relevant.
I didn't realize we were talking in Nietzschean terms, seeing as how Nietzsche wasn't mentioned at all before this comment, you worthless waste of a namefag.
It's all subjective manYou're hilarious. please post one more.
the conspiracy against the human raceabsolute fucking garbage.suffering isn't an end, as much as happiness is, and both are fucking arbitrary. just because suffering is fairly universally avoided doesn't make it a strong basis for your shit philosophy.wah wah! fuck you! i don't care about your whiny cosmic borefest presupposing a completely worthless and arbitrary philosophy of boohooing. go fucking kill yourself. seriously, you would be doing ligotti and every other philtrumless fag to jerk off to that book a great service.happiness is desirable, therefore blah blah! fuck you! desire is desirable, and guess fucking what? we all desire different shit. stop pushing your lousy excuse for an unfulfilled life onto me.don't recommend reading or taking any of it seriously. the bits diving into nihilism are fine, but that's it. you can't just fucking reverse with a 'avoiding suffering is the...' blah blah i don't even care at this point. god, i fucking hate ligotti
Pretty much thisEverybody's trying to get better so that they can die foreverIt's noble in a way, to seek oblivion through self improvement.
You seem very upset.
stop pushing your lousy excuse for an unfulfilled life onto me.This is literally the reasoning behind antinatalism.
Ligotti is now part of the western canon
This. What's your music of choice to the end of everything?
Honest question. If I'm missing something, please inform me.Why do anti-natalists not commit suicide immediately?
"I lack the constitution for suicide."-RustTheir whole philosophy requires a gaping bad faith. If this element of blatant bad faith weren't there, they couldn't be posting here, and they certainly couldn't be publishing horror and philosophy works.
I looked him up in my local library's catalog and it's all schlocky horror, what gives?
It's not really much of a crisis tbh.
Ligotti is just Lovecraft for people who don't want to bother with his archaic writing style.
Good book.I like this one better.
What TV show would that be?
it's competely worthless, you're better off discussing ligotti with ducks and geese, at least they understand the value of his propositions.
True Detective. One of the characters is a nihilist/antinatalist. The screenwriter was accused of plagiarizing Ligotti. The character actually has Ligotti books in his home.
True Detective, I believe
But what if I'm an antinatalist even though I've never seen that show or read the book in the OP? Am I an impossibility?
The screenwriter was accused of plagiarizing Ligotti.Certainly not by Ligotti, who benefited enormously from the publicity.
wah wah! fuck you!Is this supposed to be rhetoric?
Nah, you're just another edgelord.
we need to diebut I won't kill myselfLigotti is hilarious, but I just can't do anything with this shit tier philosophy other than skim through it. He tiptoes around the main subject self-extinction the same way anarchists pretend that human nature allows for such societal constructs.What's next, a hierarchy of chaos gods?
Are all Gnostic Christians and Cathars edgelords, then?
we'll be all over the universe by then
I don't think you understood this book. It's not a dissertation as to why we should all kill ourselves. It's a "horror nonfiction," the point being to make the reader question things he normally takes for granted, unsettling him.
people become antinatalist or pessimist or nihilist because of a tv showdo you really think this?
It's undeniable that this book was popularized because of the TV show
A poster asked what show was being talked about and I told him.
I'm not depressed, I don't regret being born and my life has been good thus far, however I think that bringing more people into this world is definitely not a good idea, that counts as antinatalism right?.Hell, when I was 15 I wanted the world to end because it was full of suffering and evil and shit, I thought that whatever happens after death was better than what most people have now, wasn't even angsty, I just thought it would be alright.
prove the objective unworthiness of life or shut up
The premise is so idiotic that it can be compared to anarchism ideas about how best to 'govern' humans. If I wanted to read good nihilism, I'd read Cioran. Ligotti makes a crucial mistake in trying to present his case as truth which unmasks his poseur persona.
Reminder that True Detective ends with Rust finding both happiness and faith.
That's like asking "who don't communists give away their money?" or "who do environmentalists don't stop driving a car?".
/lit/ was having antinatalism threads years before that show came into existence.
Shouldn't an anti-natalist adopt lots of kids so they can imprint their philosophy on as many people as they can?
clearly
If they were true believers they would go on rampages.
This:
May be the case, but I simply lack the constitution to kill people, or anything for that matter. I'm also sceptical that murder would entail less suffering overall than allowing the person to live, particularly if you were a serial killer/terrorist, just look at the impact of 9/11 on Western society.
But no contemporary antinatalist arguments rely on the premise that most existing lives aren't worth living, just not worth creating.
lack the constitutionlel, you guys get your shit from a TV show. I can't keep count of how many times I've seen antinatalists use this quote, though generally it's the full quote about suicide that Rust said.
So their hungup on the pain of childbirth?
*they're
I guess you might bring that up. Though there are several philosophical antinatalist arguments that are not predicated on the notion that all lives are not worth living, like many would like to contend is a consequence of the ethic. For example:[P1]The consent argument states that nobody opts into existence, and that should some entity enter existence, and come to live a life not worth living, then having brought them into existence constitutes a harm to that entity, to which that entity did not consent to bear. Further, such an entity is then compelled to take their own life, which for mechanical or psychological reasons may be impossible for them to do, and even if they should choose to do it, the act of suicide might constitute a harm in itself, due to societal prohibition against suicide, therefore often requiring painful, and terrifying methods, it may also entail significant harms to loved ones, some of whom may be so badly impacted, might themselves take their lives. Therefore inflicting life without consent on this entity constitutes an immoral act.[P2]The second argument does not rely on consent, but holds that if we could press a button to create a life with a 95% chance of being wholly satisfying and rewarding, and a 5% chance of being horrendous and torturous, we ought not press the button, because there is a purported moral asymmetry between happiness and suffering. This might be contested, but would you press the button?[P3]Benatar's asymmetry argument states the following:1 The presence of harm is bad.2 The presence of benefit is good.3 The absence of harm is good, even if that good is not enjoyed by anyone.4 The absence of benefit is not bad unless there is somebody for whom this absence is a deprivation.This would mean bringing someone into existence is always a harm, even if the harms experienced are mild, and the benefits orgasmic. It's also worthy to note that such a view isn't reliant on ethical hedonism, you can define benefits, or harms, anyway you like, preference satisfaction, objective list theories, or indeed hedonism. Nor is it to say that because being brought into existence is a harm that continuing to esixt is nessecarily a harm, Benatar's point is that no lives, in themselves, are worth starting, but most might be worth continuing.[P4]Having children has a costly environmental impact, a child uses a lot of food, electricity, and other resources, by having a child you are contributing to climate change, overpopulation, and resource depletion. Negatively impacting the welfare of existent people, and assuming the person eats meat, animals too. This is particularly true of western children, who are far more resource hungry than their developing contemporaries. As you can see none of these arguments stress that the majority of lives are not worth continuing, merely not worth starting, without a compelling reason for doing so, i.e not merely for the sake of the parents.
orgyofthewill.net363. Natalism vs. antinatalism. It is hilarious how the natalists try to argue with the antinatalists, the latter of whom are like an enemy in the middle of war threatening to commit suicide. It's not just the antinatalists who shouldn't reproduce, then, but even many of the natalists, such as for instance all those who try to argue with the antinatalists.
Just an outline, I'm not an expert on the subject. And I'm agnostic concerning antinatalism.
Not him, but it's quite a common phrase. I would say that the murder concept is wrong, as it seems to be based in negative utilitarianism, which seems like it may be false, but all antinatalist arguments I know of aren't based on a negative utilitarian framework. Indeed Benatar wrote an essay criticizing the Epicurean account of death.

extinction eventWhat's that?Obviously human extinction, but voluntary?
i'm kind of an antinatalist, but not because of the stupid le life is suffering argument, but because we literally need there to not be so many stupid fucking people on the planet to not kill ourselves.
I don't see your point? We know Rust said it.
I doubt it, thought it would probably be less horrible than a natural extinction.
I agree. The solution, I think, is make more of the world middle class. Once people stop struggling to survive, they stop having kids. Look at the countries with the highest growth rates, all third world.
That is inevitable. Standards of living have risen steadily since the dawn of man.
The first couple of phrases of the phrase "I lack the constitution" are about him. And this phrase has become the antinatalist cop-out, 90% of time they are accused of bad faith, they employ that phrase.
As I've said most antinatalist arguments aren't predicated on most existing lives being not wort living. So if you are correct they apparently have little familiarity with their own ideology.
It it's better to be dead than alive you would have killed yourself.
see
If we destroy the planet before we get there, then that's meaningless.
I don't get what the fuss is about. What do antinatalists want? Do they think they will actually convince anybody? Maybe it helps some people, the perpetually miserable, but giving them something to project their negativity on instead of reflecting on why they are such losers?
Shit, it's real.Well, at least it's back in print now.
Calling antinatalists losers isn't much of an argument concerning the philosophy itself, even losers can be right about some things. I also think it's more than possible that you could convince a few people, and even one would be better than zero.
Ya my bad- I became emotional at the thought that I might be delusion for liking living. so I used an ad hominen
Communists don't give away their money because they like their money.Environmentalists use cars because they like the mobility it allows them. "Why wouldn't a communist support a change to a communist government"?"Why wouldn't an environmentalist support less littering"?Which to both those questions is a yes most of the time. Anti-natalists apparently don't like life, so logically they should kill themselves. Yet they don't for whatever reason.The only reason they seem to give why not are varying ways of saying "I'm a pussy that can't handle pain" even though painless ways to die exist and it will come eventually anyway.I can't believe I typed all that for such a stupid argument, anti-natalists are the most obnoxious people on /lit/.
Yea, why don't they?
No point in ending something that is pointless.
Anti-natalists apparently don't like lifeyou apparently don't know what anti-natalism is. They are against the birth of children. That can be for many reasons not exclusively because they "don't like life" as you so eloquently put it.If you are about to create something you see as the most precious thing in the world, and you think the most likely outcome is meaningless suffering and capped of with death, then why would anyone have a child. If one has a history of mental illness and they deem those "illnesses" unpleasant, why would one subject the most beautiful and precious thing they will ever know to torment and agony. Even if one has a good life, if they believe the likely outcome will be shit, it is extremely reasonable to be an anti-natalist.I can't believe I typed all that for such a stupid argumentyour response was worthless and wrong because you clearly have not even considered the opposite position given your retarded and misguided defenses.
If you don't like it in this country then move to another country, shut up!
 strawmanning this hard stop
What's next, a hierarchy of chaos gods?But isn't there already? I thought Azazoth was the big cheese of the mythos?
but all antinatalist arguments I know of aren't based on a negative utilitarian framework.Which ones aren't? I only know of antinatalism of the negative hedonist kind, and as soon as you universalise such a thing you end up with utilitarianism of some sort.
I'm also sceptical that murder would entail less suffering overall than allowing the person to live~80% of people reproduce. They would create generations of suffering after themselves. A murder only leads to a few mourning people.
Because structural problems aren't solved by individual measures.
Literary banter thread
This is by far the greatest display of love and intimacy that I have read; what do you guys think?If you haven't read it, give it a go - maybe find a pdf or something, you can conquer it in 45min easy.
Popped a boner for Mishima.
Same bro.But unfortunately now I think I will never know true intimacy until I spill my innards into the lap of my lover knowing that she will follow me.
Great story. No tricks or gimmicks, it just tells you what is going to happen and then it happens.
what do you guys think?it reminds me of the story the penal colony by kafka. the guy would rather torture himself than be reasonable. so the ideal is put higher than reason. it's awful but mishima did like to overly romanticize mix ups with violence and beauty. basically teenager shit. you should read about his real life too. he was a nutjob. an interesting one...but still crazy not good kind of crazy.
It's basically a more well written version of My Twisted World focusing on muh nationalism instead of muh autistic virginity.
Either of you read any of his other shit? Before he went troppo he had some good works.Spring Snow is good, though a bit dull. Good for the type of cunt that would read Pride and Prejudice.
Why leave the door open?
So their bodies aren't half-decomposed when they're found.
I've actually read almost everything available in English.I'm mishima is a good writer-ly writer. great pacing and some of his scenes are very well done. it's just the philosophy and subject matter are generally immature.for example spring snow. really well-written. but the protagonist is a self indulgent shit just like most of his other lead characters. not as bad as golden pavilion but along the same lines.I liked sound of waves. it's light on all the stuff that annoys me about mishima and is just a good well written story. mishima himself wasn't all that crazy about it although it got great feedback when it was first published.read "seventeen" or "the silent cry" by kenzaburo oe. my favorite counter arguments to mishima's idealism.
I completely agree, I want to strangle the protagonist of Spring Snow. I started reading Mishima expecting to experience pure, unrestrained masculinity. I felt that in Patriotism, but not Spring Snow. I have the rest of the series here too, I'll get to them soon.How is Runaway Horses? A quote from that about Isao climbing the mountain of masculinity to die on its peak is why I started getting into this dude heavily.Thanks for the recommendations, I'll buy them tonight.I really want to understand the inherent Japanese nationalistic pride, and clearly I love concepts of masculinity. Know of any other Japanese authors I should check out?
I doubt your feelings will change with runaway horses than spring snow. but like spring snow...I thought it was also well written so you won't even realize you're already halfway done...and before you know it, done.I finished runaway horses and that was it. never finished the last two books in that series. I hear the 4th ends really well but ehhh...maybe some day.yasunari Kawabata was friends with mishima. GREAT writer. the only other Japanese besides kenzaburo oe to win the nobel for lit.snow country and thousand cranes are his two most popular. dancing girl of izu is my favorite but it's very short and the other stories in the set it comes with are kind of weak.natsume soseki is one of my favorites.sanshiroand thenmon the gateare the three you should start with. most would say kokoro. it's good but I prefer the trilogy stated above. botchan might make another good intro. it's light and funny.osamu dazai's the setting sun.there is a jap lit recommendation pic. it's not bad. maybe someone will post it. I don't have it.
What about the tetralogy he finished right before he died, is it not any good? I had the impression it was his most well-recieved work.
Foucault's Pendulum has been called "the thinking man's Da Vinci Code".Asked whether he had read the Brown novel, Eco replied:I was obliged to read it because everybody was asking me about it. My answer is that Dan Brown is one of the characters in my novel Foucault’s Pendulum, which is about people who start believing in occult stuff.– But you yourself seem interested in the kabbalah, alchemy and other occult practices explored in the novel.No. In Foucault’s Pendulum I wrote the grotesque representation of these kind of people. So Dan Brown is one of my creatures.Dan Brown is one of the characters in my novelDan Brown is one of my creaturescreatureFucking savage.Someone discuss this book with me please I don't know anyone else who has read it.
I don't necessarily think he's calling Brown a 'creature' mean-spiritedly. This is Eco. He's probably using the word in the theological sense, where it literally means "something which was created."
I don't think Eco is "mean-spiritedly" flaming Brown, but it's even more chilling the way he completely disregards Brown as something that's even worthy of consideration. He's only worthy of being a grotesque caricature in an Eco story.Eco is the smuggest motherfucker ever I love him.
Now i love Eco a little more
well to be fair Umberto Eco is a challenging read most of the time, with books that often deconstruct a part of modern society that we haven't questioned before. Dan Brown on the other hand is writing to 40 year old women who are looking for a beach-read. Not saying that one is inherently better than the other, just that they are different.
I always assumed this book was about that french fucks penis. colour me still uninterested.
tfw you will never explore abulafia's many filestfw you will never hang with Casubon or Belbotfw you will never find a place like Pilade's to hang outWhy even live?
Well, I mean...he's right.It's not hard to be better than Dan Brown, and Eco is pretty much the endgame of the genre
tfw watching a beautiful girl play pinball with her crotch
hnng
Foucault's pendulum has a special place for me cause it was really the first time I got in contact with and started to understand post-modern ideas about truth, seeking it and making our own realities. Also I happened to play Assassin's Creed 1 at the same time that created pretty laffo synergy. I wonder if reading it again today I could get more out of it. Or should I fear that it is too pleb and I'm too smug nowdays?
Pleb? Its very rich literature.
too smug for Ecokek
Fucking loved this book
 kek x2
that moment with the trumpet at the funeral
Haha, I like Eco as a novelist, but it pisses me off when people talk about him as a serious intellectual. Like, he shows up on top 10 smartest people in the world lists, and its ridiculous.
Barring the absurdity of smartest people lists we have /lit/ threads to determine that what do you find objectionable about his ideas? He seems reasonably intelligent and presents cogent thoughts.
That alone immediately puts him in the top percentile, if we're being quite honest.
Don't worry, I'll say that one is better than the other.
‘Other minds’ may be the most extravagant metaphysical belief in all of philosophy. It amounts to a kind of polytheistic religion where every person-suggestive image contained in one’s visual field is the experiential shadow of a transcendent demi-god who exists in an ontologically independent realm where other subject experiences occur. But even if ontologically distinct minds do exist how could they ever interact with each other? This is the exact same problem as the interaction problem for dualism but instead of having 2 distinct substances there are billions instead. Unless there’s a God to “harmonize” the minds to operate in accordance with one another then any sort of communication is hopeless.Are we communicating? What does "we" even mean? Just my idea in my own mind that you are ontologically independent other to me?What are your thoughts on solipsism? Do you think it is escapable? What does escaping solipsism look like?
Solipsism is a prison of a notion. Neither totally provable nor totally disprovable, it's simply a dead end.
Why Solipsism is Bullshitasserted as an axiom that he could not doubt his own existence because to doubt implies a doubter. Everything else, the entire Universe itself, might exist only as a figment of my overheated dream-state imagination, a Matrix-like existence simulated for an audience of One, leaving him, like Pink Floyd's character in The Wall, wondering ``Is there anybody out there?''One possible answer is no.It is well known in philosophy that this belief is logically unassailable. How can you prove me wrong? First of all, you are a figment of my overactive imagination, a bit of beef gone bad, as Scrooge might say, so only I can prove me wrong13.12This solipsism is the worst of all possible Bullshit philosophy. It is the kind of thing that makes ordinary people think of philosophers as Jackasses according to the previous definition. It was the sort of thing that Johnson was once cheered for ``disproving'' not really, of course, but who cares in open debate by banging on a table where he should probably thumped his opponent's head, although that would only have proven that he was a masochist, not that he was wrong.There ought to be something wrong with it but it appears invulnerable even as it is absurd. What is really wrong with it?For one thing, it is not terribly easy to reconcile true solipsism with our experiences of the Universe, at least when those experiences include Pain or Pleasure. It might answer one question what is the nature of the universe by an axiomatic fiat consistent with your one real empirical observation - that you exist there is no doubt if you try to doubt it, but it is only an axiom when you assert that only you exist. An axiom that is very difficult to reconcile with a number of provisionally and conditionally observed facts without more axioms, this time about the diseased state of your own mind.Take me for example since I'm certain that I'm here and you might be figments of my imagination.If I am the only thing that exists, and the Universe is My Oyster served on a figmental half-shell, then why cannot I be surrounded by beautiful houris who do nothing but peel me half-naked grapes or peel me grapes, half-naked, better yet at a whim? Why do I have to plod along typing this instead of just wishing the lines onto the page? You see, Solipsism alone isn't a sufficient axiom. I need more. I need axioms to explain why I sometimes hurt, why my eyes are gradually failing as I age, why I age, why bad things happen to me. Sometimes very bad indeed.I also need axioms to explain why my perceptions of what is nearby are so limited, but my perceptions of what is going on thousands of miles away through the glass teat of a television tube are crystal clear, complex, different, and correspond perfectly to what I see when I visit Paris, the Parthenon, India. Why and how I manage to be some sort of split personality.
If all of this is a figment of ``my'' imagination, then I've successfully managed to split myself into at least two incredibly separate beings - the artist that is constantly making up the story that I find myself embedded in, and the audience the ``me'' that is typing this on what appears to be a laptop computer obviously created by my artistic half. The watcher within that watches the watcher watching, so to speak. Since I never perceive the artist directly, how do I know that it is ``me''?Indeed, consider the artist further. I run computer simulations of physical models as some of the research that I do in physics. In these simulations, I ``create'' a virtual world of microscopic entities. Each is labelled with coordinates that specify the ```state'' of my little mini-world. There are rules whereby they operate. Computer games played by my children are very similar, at a higher order. They hold a virtual terrain superimposed on their internal coordinates, and have many ``sprite''-based components and characters. Those characters, objects, devices all have independent programmed personalities, probabilistic behaviors, an underlying ``physics'' of their interaction with each other and their surroundings, and a ``plot'' that unfolds as the game proceeds. I am not my computer models, the computer games are not my kids.As they increase in complexity, to the point where a whole world is perfectly simulated with perfect consistency, the artist itself complexifies, its non-audience ``self'' splitting up among all the virtual selves it creates. If all of these you who are reading this, and your dogs and cats too are really part of the artist, and the artist is equated with the audience, then Solipsism is isomorphic to Pantheism. We are all God, split into all that is. Somehow a Western Solipsist driven to explain why he cannot bring a loved one back to life no matter how hard he tries ends up as an Eastern Hindu, accepting that Brahma split himself up to create the Universe one fragment of which is him, all of which is still Brahma and eternal., but now you are wise and see the game I am playing with you. Axioms are neither true nor false, they just are. Premises, that is. Logically there are many ways to convert one into another, adding an axiom here, altering an idea there, ultimately dividing by the zero that is their informational content and proving whatever you like in conjunction with an undefined null set. Axiom sets can be inconsistent. Axiom sets can be consistent or not, but they or the conclusions derived from them may not correspond to what we directly experience and hence require special axioms to resolve the conflicts, which are then overcomplex and ugly.
So we see that Solipsism isn't logically provable. Sure, it isn't disprovable either really but nothing is provable or disprovable so that is irrelevant. What is to me, and I hope to you are two things. First of all, when somebody starts the Solipsism Game with you where they assert that they are all that exists and dare you to disprove them whack them upside the head - not too hard now - and cry out ``Bullshit''13.13. Second of all, not disprovable or not, Solipsism is an ugly philosophy. We find people who live as if they were the center of all being ethically repugnant. We consider them to be narcissists, sociopaths, characterological people who want to be the center of all being and are hence incapable of love. We feel sorry for them, when we aren't being terribly angry at their immaturity all children are born solipsists and departing from the philosophy is one of the main signs of the advent of real human maturity.``Ugly?''Isn't this a treatise on logic, on knowledge?Yes, sort of. However, as you can plainly see, logic is flawed and finite. It can never provide knowledge on anything but a provisional basis. It only answers loaded, artificial questions. So we need to find a practical basis for choosing axioms, especially axioms that we eventually add onto the Obvious axioms that nobody sane doesn't really secretly believe13.14.Solipsism does have one very important virtue. Since it basically takes Descartes' argument and stops right after observing ``I am'' and before the point where Descartes gets into trouble drawing conclusions from that empirical fact and for better or worse is completely different from there on, since it is impossible to disprove solipsism rationally, it serves as a lovely tool for helping folks to see that all the other, more sensible-seeming philosophies, are also Bullshit as they can't even logically refute a solipsist.
First of all, when somebody starts the Solipsism Game with you where they assert that they are all that exists and dare you to disprove them whack them upside the head - not too hard now - and cry out ``Bullshit''13.13. Second of all, not disprovable or not, Solipsism is an ugly philosophy.Yes typical reply withmuuuhhh feelingthe guy days that experiences matter not, then he says that experience matters, especially if I am whackedthe second line is a just his whining.the rest is whining about lack of knowledge, but the guy does not even say why he wants knowledgeGood philosophy begins with an account of solispsim, where it takes it seriously, to espouse it or refute. But at least not this garbage.
the majority of the buddhist schools reject buddhism, perhaps, the first budhda himself, especially if the compassion is detrimental in buddahood, it would not make sense to be much compassionate towards the humans, in solipsism, even though I must have a wrong idea of compassion in buddhism.Currently, we ask whether we can kill the animals, or at least those who cannot feel much, which is a form of solipsism, the one which eases our lives. Oddly, the guy does not speak about this.
the majority of the buddhist schools reject buddhismwat
reject solipsism of course :
Solipsism is false. Proofs? Everybody knows it.
 Solipsism Game with you where they assert that they are all that exists and dare you to disprove them whack them upside the head - not too hard now - and cry out ``Bullshit''*Kicks rock* - "I refute it thus!"And then you get laughed out of the debate for being a idiotic retard.solipsism is an ugly philosophyand things that you think are ugly are therefore not true. I agree, this is why I don't believe in the holocaust. It's horrible to think that happened, so I just don't.
1000 years agoearth is at the center of the universe.proof?Everybody knows it, of course.
Sorry, you don't exist.
solipsism is alright as long as you understand that you have no self, that you are vacuity, just like all others
The problem in solipsism is that now for example you are trying to prove us that you are right. However according to solipsism we only are part of your 'imagination', we do not exist, thus why do you feel the need to discuss with us ? Why would a solipsist try convincing others ? When a solipsist tries to convince other people he is infact trying to convince himself. Thus by doubting ad infinitum you just try to convince yourself.checkmate !
solipsism is so 10th grade
well kek'd m8
You take two most irrelevant bits from that guy's argument and call the argument refuted?Besides, by suggesting to kick a man, didn't he just mean to underline the divide between you experiencing the world and you creating the world? So you didn't address even that which you picked to quote.
That article was awful. But I mean, we could have guessed that when some random professor starts being patronizing towards one of the most important philosophers to ever live not saying you can't disagree with him, just respectfully.The main argument is about the improbability of the self splitting into artist, which "hallucinates" for lack of a better word, and the one who experiences.But hasn't this motherfucker ever had a dream? Doesn't he know about the communication split between the unconscious and conscious.And his ramblings about virtual reality don't make sense because they still apply even if you don't take solipsism
from my interpretation of the article, his main argument is that while solipsism cannot be disproven, it is not as tenable of an axiom as it might appear to be due to it requiring tons of additional axioms to adequately explain human experience. It sounds like an Occam's razor approach, although I might be naive in saying that. While we rely on unprovable axioms as a basis for understanding the world, he argues that solipsism is a relatively poor and arbitrary axiom to use.
what do you mean by axiom ?
But even if ontologically distinct minds do exist how could they ever interact with each other? This is the exact same problem as the interaction problem for dualism but instead of having 2 distinct substances there are billions instead.The funny part is that even if other minds exist, they are completely inaccessible to me a priori. 'Other minds' are a non-issue from a pragnostic point of view: Not only can we not know whether they exist, but even if they did, we couldn't interact with them so it doesn't matter.
The problem in solipsism is that now for example you are trying to prove us that you are right. However according to solipsism we only are part of your 'imagination', we do not exist, thus why do you feel the need to discuss with us ?CATEGORY ERROR YOU FUCKING RETARDTHE 'OTHERS' THAT I TALK TO ARE NOT IN ANY WAY CHANGED BY WHETHER OR NOT THEY HAVE THEIR OWN EXPERIENTIAL REALITY; A FIRST PERSON PERSPECTIVE IF YOU WILL. 'EXISTING' IS MEANINGLESS. I CAN INTERACT WITH OTHERS IN DISCOURSE, JUST AS I CAN EAT AN APPLE. I CANNOT INTERACT OR EXPERIENCE THEIR 'MINDS', IF INDEED THEY HAVE ANY.
no selfsolipsismothersPick one. Or maybe 2, depends. But three!?
but it does matterbecause why not torture someone if they don't feel pain?why love anyone if they can't love you back?
The solipsist in this case me would have had to have invented the conception of solipsism. If I am the only being in existence, and I am aware of this or can come to be aware of this fact by prescribing to the availability of the notion of "solipsism" then I must ask how it is that I could come to this conclusion, when every other conception I have has to be admitted as a product of my mind. Is rationality, the notion of reasoning, itself a product of my mind? Is the concept of "existence" a product of my mind? It's impossible to truly entertain the idea of solipsism with any sort of justification. I can't just believe nothing else but my mind exists, because my mind would then be infinitely productive and I would have to consider a reason for this, invalidating the fact that there can be nothing aside from my mind. The idea is incoherent. As soon as I try to consider it, it dissolves before me, like trying to hold smoke.
cf.
many people say that they love pain anywaywhat are you talking about love ? love comes after you reject solipsim out of some weakness stemming form an angst of being alone
The idea is incoherent.only because you are not able to stop for a reason, since like you say, you are not able to tam your mind.
I think when you start going 'But what if something supernatural were happening?' you can safely go to bed.You are either just a mind - just because - that is dreaming up some insanely thorough universe including the ability to doubt that universe. Or something else exists - either the world we live in or a supernatural one. You might just be this very instant in time Which is where solipsism would surely lead you in which case you have an instant to solve the conundrum you are in.You can't. So it doesn't matter. The question of solipsism isn't important. Other questions of a similar nature might be other epistemological questions that is.
The solipsistic stance is a problem and there is no reason to think there is no solution.IMO The problem of solipsism is the problem of the concept of the self versus the other.Perhaps after reexamining this dichotomy enough its possible to redefine them or look at them from such perspective that would allow the dismissal of the problem or the realization its only a problem within a system of certain presuppositions.
Its possible that with our future generated realizations about the functioning of the human brain the notion of the self will radically change or be completely dismissed.
As in scientific discoveries and their impact on culture and language will make us redefine or dismiss the concept.
indeed, the humanist will be butthurt since their conception of a society relying on the notion of the contract will be ridiculed.
Do you think it is escapable? yesWhat does escaping solipsism look like?posting on a message board because you realize it's totally reasonable to communicate with others. if you didn't really think so you wouldn't bother trying to communicate.
posting on a message board because you realize it's totally reasonable to communicate with others. if you didn't really think so you wouldn't bother trying to communicate.it is acceptable to communicate with other in being a solipsist, if anything, it can be spend time.you stance is like saying that somebody persuaded of his death will stop to eat.
the best illustration in support of solipsism is the total lack of communication and agreement between people.
What is your daily dbb Daily Brain Budget for books? Me? Probably $60. Best Books - What I Read - Tai Lopez
where's the vid where he says he's not here to talk about his lamborghinis but the 7 bookshelves
so he just reads any random book he sees that looks even slightly interestingi guess that's how you get ahead in life
He bought Mike Huckabee's book. So you can imagine what kind of brilliant mind this man possesses.
You see that around 1:50What kind of an idiot you have to be to read Mike Huckabee?Also, the books he buys are completely random, he didn't even know he bought one of them... so it was just for the purpose of this video. I refuse to believe this man is a self-made millionaire. It must be due to some inheritance.
what i readisn't this the same guy who "reads" books by skimming them a few times and reading summaries?
lmao, what a vainglorious prick.Clearly his daily brain budget isn't high enough.
This guy embodies everything that is wrong with the world today. Everything needs to serve something, be useful for something. Everything needs to "add value" to you as a person. Disgusting ideology.What about reading just for the sake of reading, not for "improving yourself"?
He's a scam artist, he used to run several fake dating sites and probably just rents his Lambo for the videos
kek, this is the guy that had a video along the lines of "omg, commercial music acts on ur brain in da same way as drugs do! quit now b4 its 2 late" - No shit....
Reading for itself does add value, and you know it.What's gay about this dude is that he is treating a form of art pretty much designed to appeal to the private thoughts of an individual as if it's just another commodity to be used as a means of increasing one's public profile. Then again he seems to be reading non-fiction and like most people who avoid fiction he's probably a fuccboi.
as if it's just another commodity to be used as a means of increasing one's public profile.Have you ever met someone from LA? That's how they think.
this.guy's clearly a fortunate mulatto that came onto a sum of money.what kind of wise man buys a red lambo.where's his athleticism
Not everyone in LA. Just most. It's not great.
This is the person Mac from IASIP would be if he wasn't a fitness fag but a tryhard 'intellectual'. All show and no mass. He even looks like him.
Nothing wrong with hustling, but goddamn he's giving nonfiction a bad name
most of those books aren't good
He just works the glamour thoughts.
fuccboiI hate this word but you're probably right.
He doesn't actually read, and he proudly admits this Do you know any rich person with an office in their garage?He never shows the inside of his house, never shows anything that equates to a cool lifestyle Just a book shelf and a rented lambo that changes colors
what's the best book that you've read recently that I should be reviewing?Let's all spam his channel saying he should review Finnegan's Wake.
yes
you actually summed it up pretty well
$200, what I pay for internetWhy would I pay for self help books when I can get the same information from the internet?
dbbdaily brain budgetkill youself
all those booksnot the one he needsAlso that line "I support Barnes & Noble because I don't want every bookstore to go out of business" is seriously one of the most creative comments if he intentionally said it the way I received it.
Finnegan's Waketake a lap, this is absolutely disgusting anon
what mental issues does this guy have?I'm not trying to be offensive or funny, there's clearly something wrong with this man.
I don't know, but I do know he has a lamborghini!
The American Dream. It's incurable apparently.
I admit I fucked up majorly and I apologize for the inconvenience. I have no excuse.
See I don't think he has a lamborghini. What I think is going on is Tai Lopez has this cargo cult mentality of what he needs to do to achieve the american dream, and so these hilarious videos filmed like an asshole in barnes & noble among others are formed.
This ads would come up on YouTube and I would always skip them after the first 6 or 7 seconds or so and for a long time I thought it was a Lamborghini commercial.
Are you saying he rented the lamborghini so that he would look better and thus be able to dupe people into listening to his insane rambling?
He's so obsessed with possessions that his advice for those on a budget was to buy books at used book stores. He didn't even mention the existence of libraries.
Well considering the fact that he can read a book in 10 minutes, he doesn't mention the fact that he can just read it at the bookstore then put it back on the shelf when done.
6633777
I think I ruined it considering the fact that I said, "the fact that," twice in the same sentence. Bad habit of mine. Sorry.
it's all goodyou didn't ruin those double dub trips my friend
If you're broke just sell everything and travel around the world!
get stoned with some old man on the banks of the Gangesupload pictures to facebookyou now have life experience
wouldn't surprise me at all
You guys are discussing this clown like he's a celebrity or even notable.
Well, he certainly considers himself as notable so I guess it's just a natural reaction to that.
No shit. Some of his videos have obvious use of green screen. There's this really hilarious one where he's claiming to be in his "mansion on hollywood hill" and it's the most obvious shit ever due to the acoustics
Seriously? Link?

Okay. This has to be a joke. Is this guy perhaps just a genius satirist?

Well, we do know he can at least afford a green screen.
lmao
Well we do know that he can afford a bright green sheet with come close pins.
WHATTHIS GUY IS ALL CARDS
I get all my books for free at the library
spends hundreds of dollars on books a weekdoesn't read themI don't even understand whats going on. What is his ideology? is he just chasing the big Other?
shit, he might as well just read the sparknotes or wikipedia summary
I didn't even notice, though I do every time when it's me
Selected quotes from his twitter:When I see the books people are reading I think, "A whole bookstore & that's the best book you could find?" People get tricked by marketingThis is the riddle. Who is worth listening to? In my experience it's about 1 out of 1,000,000 humans..Learn More = Earn More...I saw one of the Kardashians tweeted 4 happy faces and got like 2000 retweets and favorites. That's the world we live in, smh...If you challenge the status quo you'll trigger the Amygdala fear center in people's brain. They won't always like you
read primarily nonfictionWhat's wrong with that?
L.A resident here: there is a strong and large sub-culture who call themselves new agers and who are the epitome of philistinism. They're the kind of people who read tons of self help, have life coaches, take "the secret" very seriously. Are "spiritual." They do think like this. Showbiz people, typically associated with LA, are generally actually pretty sane and a little cynical because it's fucking brutal being in showbiz. Some of them, usually dumb ones, think like this because you do actually have to be an extreme utilitarian with your time to crack in because everybody wants to because the lowest common denominator for showbiz is really high. People are willing to work really shitty jobs to work slightly less shitty jobs to work an ok job to just MAYBE get to write on a show. The rest of us are pretty normal people that lean to the left, a lot of us are conservative Hispanics, and Koreans, who I don't really understand at all. Also some left-leaning multi-culturalism crazies.
What you want in life is enough trauma to motivate you but not enough to paralyze you.Money is not evil. It's a tool. All tools are dangerous if wielded by fools.You're a damn blessed person if you can find people worth listening to... #mostpeoplearewrong Man I want to get a bookshelf like this! Anytime you need a ladder to get ur books you're doing something right haha On a 1-10 scale most people's focus is a 4 at best. Tell me what your number is & I can guess your bank account balance within $1000 bucks.What's bothering you today, can you explain the problem & solution in 1 sentence? Have clarity of mind. K.I.S.S. = "Keep It Simple Stupid."
pls be joking
On a 1-10 scale most people's focus is a 4 at best. Tell me what your number is & I can guess your bank account balance within $1000 bucks.haha
A man who is obsessed with consumerism and celebrity. Chris Hedges has gone to great lengths to talk people like him in Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle.
If you challenge the status quo you'll trigger the Amygdala fear center in people's brain. They won't always like you
This guy makes John Green seem like a genius
What's bothering you today, can you explain the problem & solution in 1 sentence? Have clarity of mind. K.I.S.S. = "Keep It Simple Stupid."this is alright advice, but the rest is unbelievably cringeworthy
This is actually John & Hank's half brother, created when their father got cucked

so he actually recommends that everyone buys 60$ of books everyday just so they can skim them and put them on their shelf?
burn all those books!
he's doing it in public
You must follow those rules. Be humble. Persevere. Read more. Toughen up. Remember, it's gonna be a little bit hard, it's like Tom Hanks says in that one movie...
books = goodme = goodbooks = me
That's exactly what he does to help him speed up his reading lol.His first step in that read a book in 10 minutes is to have others read it for you. literally.
Yes, now please paypal Tai $55 to help rent the next lambo so that Tai can share more golden nuggets with us
Tai is the west coast Tao.Silly and stupid panderers.
Just thinking, what if you cut everyone negative out of your life completely with the exception of constructive criticism? I think I will.There are so many people truly horrible to date or marry that it's easy to forget that the needles in the haystack still exist. They do.Brain training. Brain training. Brain training... That's about all you have to do in life...As you rise, the number of critics will also rise. Humans seek out negativity. It's a cognitive bias of their brain. Stay focused & proceed.I was just at the mall. Why would the department store have 10 times more people than the bookstore? Brainwashed society. Makes no sense.t's not just what you know. Or what you're learning. It's how fast you learn. Learn to "gulp" knowledge.
I read about high unemployment. But every business I go into's understaffed. The issue's a shortage of skilled people You know what will make you rich? The opposite of everything that will make you poor.Usually the only way out is up. Rise above your current situation.Seek beauty over all. Beautiful acts of charity, beautiful books, beautiful movies, beautiful music, beautiful businesses, beautiful people.Freedom starts financially.
Even though I feel like I'm putting my mind into a very decadent setting by viewing this piece of contemporary art, I must admit. I shed tears of joy viewing this folly.
Be so generous to the poor with your money that it feels almost foolish.Each fear you have is rooted in scarcity. This is one reason why you must give a lot to charity. It rewires your brain away from scarcity.Pretend your life's a movie. Would you go watch that movie? If not, time to make something exciting happen.Whenever the stress is unbearable, we should all borrow some wisdom from Buddha: Detach a little bit. Remember that we are just dust.Each of us has that inescapable feeling that there's something better waiting for us. Don't let it stay just a feeling. Turn it into realityMost of the world is in Darwinian "survival mode." This is why people are so negative. But you shouldn't just survive. You must thrive.
People ask me what language they should learn, Spanish, Chinese, etc. I say none of the above. Start by learning the language of money: MathOnly one thing solves poverty: Knowledge... Everything else is just a Band-Aid treating symptoms, instead of treating the root cause.I'm sincerely convinced that if any person or nation becomes extremely generous to charity, they will soon reap a massive financial windfallIt's crazy, but if one of your friends becomes obese, the odds that you will become obese double. Your environment matters...If we could unlock the dormant creativity in the 7 billion humans on earth, basically all global problems disappear. The good news is we canYour lifestyle choices can change you at the genetic level. That's why it's hard to alter bad habits. So don't do a lot of stupid stuff.Live your life so that if you died today, you would die like a hero going home.500 years ago ud have been laughed at for promising access to cars/medicine/toilets. But people still don't believe prosperity is possible.
He talks about reading the "classics" a lot but pretty much everything he shows is some contemporary self help or guide to riches shit
faggot die in a hole faggot
dont you have books to skim?
Well we do know that he can afford a bright greentext with two typos.
Be so generous to the poor with your money that it feels almost foolish.What? I thought Tai was a hardcore 'le survival of the fittest xD' Randian. Is he just pandering to his poorboi followers here?
I'm starting to think he's just a performance artist. like he's probably sitting on his pc right now screen capping this thread and all other comments about him like some madman, to be unveiled as an exhibit an LA art institute in 2018 and which'll be mostly attended by the type of people Tai is satirizing.
Whenever the stress is unbearable, we should all borrow some wisdom from Buddha: Detach a little bit. Remember that we are just dust.holy fucking christ i can't stand this
His rationale is that it helps you see yourself as a provider with boundless wealth and because it makes people like you. It is essentially selfish and instrumental giving. If Rand had more subtlety she would have endorsed this sort of thing.
Then again he seems to be reading non-fiction and like most people who avoid fiction he's probably a fuccboi.
"consistency is the hobgoblin of people who can't read a book every 15 minutes" - Tai Lopez
Or In Search of Lost Time. That'll keep him busy for a while.
$0
Why, is the table of contents that big?
Man zizek really let himself go
/lit/ being fucking retarded I hate to link to reddit, but I will indeed: the comments.
daily reminder this man has 12 doctorates
kek, touche
Are you serious? Sauce?
going to india ever, for any reason, in your lifeFuck that, lol
Who is this ugly monkey?
Kek
people like this exist
shows off his lambo"but do you know what I like more than material things?"I hope this guy chokes to death on the next cock he sucks.
tfw my library doesn't have shit for classicsall those books and somehow not a single dostoyevsky, joyce, or proust novel
When I see the books people are reading I think, "A whole bookstore & that's the best book you could find?" People get tricked by marketingThis one isn't a bad thought tbh. There are some garbage books that don't deserve the sales they get.
honorary, the dude has done a lot though.
I only see 11 there.
Yes but the taste and views of the author hang a huge shadow over his remark.
Good point.
The point is that is can work from anyone perspective popular books I dont like = tricked by marketing/ popular books I like = timeless classicsplus look at the books he picks out in OPs video. He picks them at random if they happen to sound interesting or have a cool cover, I dont think his strategy isn't much better.
he added bird tweeting sound effectsHoly fuck.
I don't think he actually chooses books that way, though. It seems to me like he was just making it up to scam people into his bullshit.
He's just making this shit up on the spot. What the fuck?
class="quote"Everyone that you meet, remember: they're dilettantes.

plus look at the books he picks out in OPs video. He picks them at random if they happen to sound interesting or have a cool cover, I dont think his strategy isn't much better.I mean, I do think the point of going to a bookstore is the discovery process that happens when you're there, Of course what he did in this video is not what that process should be like at all.
spends 15 minutes poorly summarizing surface-level ideas from evopsych and game theory and trying to fit them vaguely into self-help conceptsthe irony
Oh. The first one threw me off because it was a different color from the others.
frames his shots to show off a full bookshelfof books he admittedly skims or reads the cliff notes to. This guy's whole business is literally Appeal to Authority.
This guy is the Michael Scott of self-help bullshit.
This was like the original video with all the bullshit filtered out. Genius
Are you referencing something? In junior high I had a teacher who had a poster he would always recite to us. It said "foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds."
its an Emerson quote. Check some of his work out sometime
Did you know if you if you stroke someones dick you'll trigger the Amygdala pleasure center in people's brain. The will always like you.
ctrl-f Ferrari 0 resultsctrl-f Lambo10 resultsThat's a Ferrari in OP's pic. If he's calling it a Lambo he's too stupid to know what it is. Probably not even his garage, just a dude's he knows/works for.
well donethought the starcraft joke was a bit lame but i chuckledand the nothing was overkill, the joke was already at a nice simmer, that was kind of useless
He is not that stupid, he also seems to have Lambo next to this Ferrari tho
oh jesus this guy is cringe inducing as fucki am envious of his wealth and steady tone though
he likes to shop at the grove. i usually eat at the farmer's market there on my lunch break. hopefully i will run into him sometime and we can talk about reading books one sentence a day.

i am envious of his wealth......
if it is really his wealthi don't know anything about him beyond the video the OP posted, so if he's just a loser fraud or it's all just an elaborate act or whatever, i am unawarethough maybe you're finding fault in my envy. in which case, who doesn't want to be rich enough to buy $800 of books in one day?
THISTAOISM DUMB FUCK RELIGION DO THE DELUDED
Yeah, presumed wealth. His place in the Hollywood Hills is a green screen projection.He never gets into nor even touches his cars. Nobody finds this odd?guy has some money, as he owns fraudulent dating sites that charge people monthly fees even after they cancel, but near the amount he pretends to have.Honestly, it's only a matter of time before this guy does time in prison.
10/10
Don't trust this dude. He is a scam artist after all. Just a good and charming one.The lambo and shelves are attractive, yes, but he's making profits off the services themselves.67 steps literally ripped off another success coach whose name I can't remember's 67 steps. Like he didn't even change the number? He gives you a trial period just enough to build a habit along with a bunch of different biases during his speeches- success stories, famed quotes, pathos as fuck I slept on this couch stories, etc. while running those shady ass dating sites
Tweets about Kardashian"This is the kind of world we live in"
Your attitude is the reason you aren't wealthy. :^
Isn't this guy some sort of 'make money by surfing the internet' scammer?Why is he being taken seriously on a literature board?
Is this that literary lifestyle you guys talk so much about?
kek
Holy shit I'm just reading about this guy now for the first time. tfw he has a library as big as my elementary school. tfw he lives in L.A. tfw he drives a lambo. tfw he is an intellectual.Holy shit, this guy is like my new role model, he may have even surpassed Nietzsche. Does he have a newsletter I can sign up for?
So he just buys whatever books seem interesting?Usually what I do is I look around for the general academic consensus on a text...And then I download it and read it for free.This asshole thinks that his wealth is proportional to his intelligence.Anybody who cannot immediately and rightfully recognize this guy as a fucking weenie...Is a fucking weenie.You can see the iniquity in his eyes and his speech reveals his true nature behind the veneer of empirical knowledge which he claims to have.
Also I would not be surprised if he was a jew.Even if only ethnically.
I'd like to know where this "charisma" is. I've read like 4 different people presumably call him charismatic.Frankly, I don't see it.
really low quality bait brother, get your act together.
is exactly like Sam Hyde's TED talk lol
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.- Arthur Schopenhauer
Why does he look like 
You can't trust Schopenhauer, he's old fashioned and he doesn't want you to figure out that you can just get all of his important points in 10 minutes of smart-skimming
Sperg out and vomit whatever cringeworthy, philosophical thought you recently had.Communication between people is the creation of the illusion that we ever talk about the same thing.
what are you talking about?
It's not your fault.
Spot on! I share the exact same sentiment and thoughts.
Don't do this to me, man.
Subjective semantics ain't shit. Try some Kripke, Kaplan, Putnam, Fodor pic related.
God exists and doesn't give two shits about us, and that's ok. We're liberated through his apathy.
This reminds me of Zizek's or perhaps Chesterton's interpretation of the story of jesus.The notion that god created the spectacle of his own death to us to liberate us from the idea that reality is under some sort of tight control and working according to some grand plan.i.e. through the belief in the transcendental all powerful, that gives you your freedom through his own suicide you become transcendentally freeas oppose to Daniel dennet free.
I am all, tbh.
god exists and we are his drawings of course he messes with us if your drawings started talking shit and disobeying you of course you'd design a multi-tiered subterrenean punishment complex for them
the only thing I can ever know that exists is 'what-is-present' if something is not present, it either does not exist transcendentally or, "something not being present" is a private experiential/conceptual term which is wholly existing within, and as part of, what-is-present'. That is, this thing called "that which is not present", is just a private conceptual term which is wholly understood, and exists within and not beyond privately within my conscious experience that-which-is-present. That is, nothing transcendent gives content to the concept - rather the content is given *within* and not beyond my own private experience. Nothing 'actually' or metaphysically transcendent gives content to my belief. Rather, "metaphysically transcendent" is a concept I experience in my own mind which gives content to my beliefs about said concept.I am so much deeper than you
this is postmodernism
Why do you talk about what published authors have said/interpreted, rather than just talking about your own interpretation? Do you not have a mind of your own?
That all you got?mein Gott, topp kek
Every moment in time contains the past and the future. This, more than anything, speaks for time as a spacial dimension. And as every geometrical shape it speaks of an outside and an inside. Each shape of time has an outside, but that outside must also be of time. Time outside of our time. This has led me to believe that these time-shapes exist in near endless amounts within a space of possibilty.The overlap between different time-spaces is what causes the confusion around the behaviour of quantum particles. The truth is that they simply move through possibilty-space.
it's a containment threadtoo bad it'll contain 75% of /lit/
No matter the form, every piece of art is pivoted on a narrative, even surrealism and dadaism
you have a very pessimistic view on life if you think this world is some sort of 'punishment realm'
I can never quite rid myself of the soap beneath my balls in the shower
lolthinks his retarded stoner theory could explain the behaviour of quantam particles, when he probably knows nothing about the science
implying I smoke weedimplying I don't study STEMYeah, whatever you say, hot-shot. Got a better explaination?
implying STEM is a worthwhile disciplineEnjoy dying alone as a jack of all trades, fuccboi.
Nobody has a "mind of his own". Each mind is full of the shared ideas of society or the ideas of other minds.You did not just spring up with all the knowledge you posses out of nowhere, you were and are told and taught things by others.Also what I wrote is my interpretation of Chesterton's interpretation of the bible.It is both my thought and the thought of many others.
implyingI'm a math major.
/pol/s phantasmic Jews are exactly the same group of people that /lit/ whines about when it complains about capitalism/lit/'s Christians need to be more accepting of Muslims
Maybe he is a masochist and thus for him its heaven. mind blownnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Morality is objective and absolute.
hehe, me too. Well, maybe not yet, but I will finish my Bachelor the next year and I will apply for a Pure & Applied Logic's Master, in Barcelona.Shit's good man.I'm not any of the other Anons, I was just happy to see another mathematicians around here.
We can all count anon.
I'm neither of you, and I'm a math major. That makes three of us on /lit/.
Math is dope as hell, tbh.Good one, m80. Had a right laugh at that, I did.Who'd have thunk?

Everything on /lit/.
This tbh.I've been growing to hate this place and it's inhabitants of late
Then why are you here?
That's because I stopped posted in philosophy threads and owning the idiots.The more intelligent people are driven out by the idiots who voice their stupid thoughts forcefully and loudly
OK, ok, SO if you imagine each person as a set of gears, turning and churning, like a pile of moving gears...can you picture that? Alright, now when two people meet some or even many of their gears match up, but never all of them. Some fit together beautifully, but there's always a few that jam and smoke and make horrible noises as the teeth rattle against each other. But that's just the way it is. Not all of our internal gears fit together well, either. So, that's the recent thing I thought of. I'm tired of selecting all the images with steak.
That Ed Tom actually mentions Mammon was forced and cringy.
He's not referring to the world we live in, he's referencing Dante's hell
Sheer habit.
All I do is directed purely by my egoistic desires, from loving my girlfriend to helping people in the street to stealing shit.I just happen to enjoy giving stuff for free or seeing her happy over my own happiness because such traits are good for society, which I'm a part of, and humanity evolved towards them.
You mean that everything you do is governed purely by you being a part of society, drenched with its values. from loving your girlfriend to helping people in the street to helping yourself.You feel the need to give stuff for free and seeing your gf happy over your own happiness, because that is what society made you feel good about.Retarded stirnerians..
Not quite I haven't read Stirner ever, I mean it's a product of evolution. The point I'm making is that philantropy is simply a favorable behavior for a big group of individuals, and that we evolved towards it.
I was just making a point about how the distinction between egoistic and pluralistic is a false dichotomy since each of us is neither fully an individualsome sort of objective unknown nor fully that which is shared by us all.
Oh ok, I can agree with that. If I were trying to disprove something here, it'd be that there's some higher reason God, soul, what fucking ever for us to do non-egoistic things.Also, I love life, man. It's so cool that I can be here, like, ice cream is the shit. I think people need to love life more.
Politics is about moral superiority, if social justice warriors wanted they could sit down and try to work some solution to problems like sexism, racism, trans rights, whatever, but instead they'd rather talk down about what dastardly people their opponents are, and how selfish they all are, and it's fucking disheartening as fuck because I've spent the past year working in Marxist coalition at my uni but it's fucking dead now because tumblr kids who haven't read a single god damn piece of leftist literature are rioting about how white privilege is a more pressing issue than wealth inequality
All belief, whether it be religious, philosophical or scientific, is just a personal compact one makes with eternity. As such, it is intensely personal business and no one should try to impose their compact on anyone else.
Somewhere along the way, we have become hypermaterialists. We, as a society, have fully embraced that fact, and the Entfremdung that entails.If one were to define himself today honestly which isnt possible, ofc, but hypothetically, the accessoires ironical considering their name and material property are part of an individual. When we buy something like a car, an iphone, we do not own it, but we become it, as much as it becomes us.In that way, people have stopped striving to actually become better. Something like the push for a "new human", as in socialism, is literally incoherent to the 21st c. mind. I mean this in the cultural, not the individual sphere, and not in the sense of ascending a tiered value system of mine, but rather striving at all, regardless of the teleology.I think it expresses itself in the aspirations and dreams in the clearest manner. The dreams of the hero of our time are materialist, consumerist in nature. A specific car, phone, even when its a relationship that is desired, one always expresses that desire in terms of ownership.As a Schopenhauerian, to me its obvious that this desire, much like any other, gets replaced by another the second its "fulfilled". Scientism, fedoratheism, and pretty much any phenomenon that plagues our generation stems from this hypermaterialism. It's the nihilism of our time, and I see no way to stop it on a grand scale.Ive been thinking about this a lot lately, though I realize its not novel in the slightest.
If you want to live as a society, there are at least some agreements you must make common among all members of said society. Other than that it's up to you.
Sperg out and vomit whatever cringeworthy, philosophical thought you recently had.I don't know why you made a general thread when that's apparently the new purpose of the board.
What's /lit/ opinion in The Dark Tower series by Stephen King and his other works
His otherworks have engaging characterization and bad endings. Except Apt Pupil.
Any recommendations? I've only read It and The Shining
Not that anon, but Salem's Lot is brilliant.
And what's your opinion in Under The Dome?Last week my brother bought and i dunno if i should read it
I actually have all the ebooks for the Dark Tower and Under the Dome. Are they worth reading? They're pretty massive, all I've read of SK is his short stories and a novella.
It's tight. Economic. Goes nowhere, as usual.
Dark Tower, definitely.
What's good about it?
11/22/63 is most scariest. The first half.Beats out The Shining and It intensity-wise.
Really scary? because it doesn't seem to be scary
The first book of the dark tower is the best, and anything after the third will be downright disappointing.an entire book is devoted to star wars and harry potter references.
It really is. Think The Shining but more terrifying. See for yourself.
So do you think i should read it? I've heard people talk that the book cointains elements from other of his books.
The fantastical elements and setting. I also really enjoy the main character, Roland.
The Stand for sure. A few people said the first third of the book was pretty slow but I enjoyed the whole thing.
read the first one, and if you enjoy it the two after that. If you really want to keep going, do so, but you WILL be disappointed with the outcome. sk writes himself into a corner and the ending is essentially a giant fuck you to the readerthe series is the connecting piece of everything else in his existing multiverse the stand, salem's lot, insomnia, the dead zone, etc
What about the movies based on his books?
What is the best novel in the Dark Tower series and why is it pic related?
I can't decide between Wastelands or The Drawing of the Three, but Wolves of the Calla is definitely underrated, the hate is undeserving and it has some of the best action scenes in the series plus Callahan's backstory post-Salem's Lot before arriving in Midworld is interesting. Eddie's development as well as the other members in Roland's Ka-tet is a bonus too.
I thought Wolves was so bad that I dropped the entire series because of it
It only gets worse from there, the last two books look like a bad struggle for closing the series... somehow, at any cost.The best for me is No. 1, the Gunslinger. Even though the first four are all good, Roland is never as Tower-focused again as we see him in the Gunslinger ready to sacrifice everything and everybody.
Imho Gunslinger and then Wastelanads.
Definitely agree, The Gunslinger was beautiful.
Gunslinger, only rivaled by Drawing of Three
I don't know I stopped reading after the third book because it was getting exponentially worse every page.
Which ones should I actually read? The first four then leave the series altogether?Do the books end annoyingly on cliffhangers so then I'll feel forced to read the next book, even if it's garbage?
Only the third one ends in a cliffhanger.If you get caught by the story, you'll eventually read them all. It'd be hard to stop after V having the end so in... sight I guess. However, the Gunslinger is readable standalone, feel free to try and leave it there.
I've read the whole thing more than once. I think it's safe to say you won't be missing anything if you skip the series and author altogether
Just read The Wind Through The Keyhole.Fun standalone story inside a story inside a story featuring gore, shape-shifters, ancient forests and evil wizardry. I liked it a lot.
I'll check out The Gunslinger first, just in case if it's my cup of tea. It'll probably be dirt cheap so if I don't like it, I'm sure I won't be fussed.
Yeah frankly you're better off reading the Gunslinger and then stopping there. It's obvious that King just made up some bullshit story up as he went along to develop it into muh magnum opus. I honestly believe the King who wrote the Gunslinger would've been disappointed at what the series turned into.
If you read The Gunslinger, DON'T read the little sisters of eluria if it's included at the beginning, because it completely ruins the mystery and bleakness of the first chapters.
That's not Wizard & Glass. More Cuthbert  everything else.
It's Wizard and Glass. Best story and most interesting characters.
The best part of the Dark Tower series is dropping it after reading 3/4s of the first book.
JR by William Gaddis
Wizard then Drawing then Gunslinger.
So what cyber punk novels do you guys like?
That'll do.You could argue the case for Ready Player One but then the sperglords will converge on the thread and tell you to start with the Greeks or something.
implying there's more than OP pic
Snow Crash is great if you haven't read it already.Read more of Gibsons stuff too.
Snow Crash and Diamond Age are good. Not much else though.
there's like 3 of them, bro
I stood sentry on the northern wall on the day when the first waves came. I was actually daydreaming about not being saddled with body armor and Kevlar when the yell came from the lookout tower. "Multiple contacts in the north field! 175 meters!" My head spun about to see the legions of people running straight for the compound at a full sprint. Falcons blared to rouse sleeping men from their bunks. Confused shouting and pointing brought more guns to my side of the wall as I planted a foot on the a parapet and strained to pull the charging handles and chamber the first round of the .50 cal. "150 meters!" the lookout yelled. The shift commander materialized behind me as I set my elevation swing on the gun. "You got enough rounds for this?" He asked."yeah, I've got eight belts" "Good. pick your targets and don't waste rounds.""125 meters! Here they come!" The lookout yelled one last time. I took hold of the grips the same way I'd done everyday this whole fucking summer long and hunched down to eye the sights on he masses growing larger in the sight picture. They were coming, raggedy clothes, half shaved heads and all. "Jesus, sir." I gasped. "What are they?"The captain lowered his binoculars and spit. "The worst scum that could ever exist. Tumblr feminists" The shouts and chants that seemed like a low roar began to morph into words as they drew closer. A pink banner waved by the one at the head of the horde read: "Saint Caitlin Bleeds For All Of Us. #pronoun""OPEN FIRE!" The captain yelled.I squeezed the thumb triggers and the 50 cal began to buck as it sent Fire down range. Hot rounds pierced the crowd, taking out two at a time. 100 rounds gone. Two hundred rounds gone, 300. "Chok Chok Chok Chok" the machine barked.By the time my barrel was smoking the numbers had dwindled to half. But I didn't let up. I manned my post. You should've seen them. They were... Animals. Cut off shorts and neck tattoos framed by internet logic and piercings. I dared not let off he triggers for a moment for fear of being overrun. I kept up the rate of fire as others changed their belts and resumed. I wanted to feel sorry for them and their misled causes but all I could feel was the recoil shaking by being. "Chok Chok Chok Chok" There were more shouts of alien languages all around but all I could hear was my gun. The targets between the left and right limits of my firing lane began to dwindle. Soon, there were no more standing targets advancing. And when the bolt fell upon an empty chamber, there was nothing left of the horde but silent bodies. The barrel belched smoke like a chimney. As fast as I could manage I opened the tray and fed another belt through. The captain patted me on the shoulder "that was some excellent shooting, son." He smiled. "Where did you learn to smoke tumblr fags like that?""/lit/ sir. I learned it on /lit/.""Well, you keep it up and there's a retirement in oldfag country for you.""Do you really think so?" I asked."Twinkie house."
WUT
firing more than 75 rounds on full auto without swapping out the barrelnot researching your shitty genre writing3/10
implying you've fired one and have standard working knowledge of military grade weaponry.2/10 critique
these are the only books I've ever read. rate me.
You've read two good books.
Out of all the versions you could have read, you read the New American Bible?mfw
that version of utopia is pretty good at least
bibleWhat a waste.reading so little u can fit every book you've read in a single pictureHow do you function?
oh fuck
Just hit me and get it over with
Do it or don't but I've got someplace to be
Why does your shelf have middle school-level assigned reading in it?
prelude to foundationsecond foundationno foundationkek fucking what
bretty good
How come Dream of the Red Chamber is thin?
Honestly, you're better off than most people I've met.
arranging your books by heightStop that shit.
Candide is pretty good.What the fuck is an American Bible exactly?
Probably abridged and translated. OP needs to be memed ASAP.
not bad OP but I would recommend reading some of the great classics, Don Quixote, The Brothers Karamazov, War & Peace, Ulysses etc. etc.
I guess you just started reading recently, but it's clear you have an interest in being educated. Good for you. I would reccomend you pick something or an author your interested in and let that guide you to what to read next. Don't listen to everyone giving you a canon list, you'll probably get to them on your own If you trace back influences and references in what your already reading.I'm wondering why you only have second foundation from the trilogy, and then prelude. Seems like a weird way to read the series.
H-How will I know when you're coming?
They're printed on greaseproof paper.
Only good books are Candide, Dante's Inferono and Metamorphosis. I've heard Neuromancer is good


Seriously. KJV or NRSV or gtfo.
look at thumbnailthink the thick book with the golden spine is Michael Fabers 'Book of Strange New Things'open imageit is le bibleDisappoint.
What is the best version of the bible to read, not for literary purposes KJV, but for understanding the original meaning . assuming that I don't know any Greek or Hebrew
"Obey God or go to hell"I just saved you a very long, very dry read.
The Norton Critical English Bible, which is the King James and heavily annotated for elaboration of translation and notes on literary influence, and has all the Apocrypha in it. The King James version actually is quite accurate, more accurate than many contemporary translations, I'd say. Only thing is that words have changed meanings since 1611, so it can seem inaccurate when it's not. Johnson's Dictionary is a good reference if the translation seems off since he includes the definitions the KJV employs. Also, the original King James had alternate translations of phrases in the margins. Another feature is that it when it has to add words in English for something to make sense, it puts them in italics, so you know that was added.The greatest translation outside of it, would be Robert Alter's, which is both very literary and very faithful, but it is only Old Testament and doesn't cover the Apocrypha. I highly recommend getting his volumes if you want to research the OT, though. Best thing next to learning Hebrew.Lattimore's is a solid New Testament, I suppose.You should consider reading a translation of the Septuagint or the Vulgate, though, rather than just the Masoretic translations. At least if you are interested in the Bibles of early Christians.
I have the RSV2CE, it's pretty based imo, or at least that's what I've been told. When the manuscripts had little differences it marks it down in the footnotes which is nice. It's a very literal translation.
this one
The book you last read describes your sex life.What was it?
A Clockwork Orange, bit rough.
Civil Disobediencefuck me
Homotopy type theory
Tristia, or Lamentations, by Ovid. Seems about right.
Theodor Mommsen's History of Rome Book IV
Gulliver's travels, bit freaky, I guess.
A book called You Should Stop Posting You Fuggen Redditor
the woman in the dunesi couldn't even appreciate the pathos of the book because i had dfw no gf so bad i just wish i was stuck down there in that hole
Candide lmao
Evelinechoice
Lolitatfw it's right
Les Miserables...Toothless blowjobs?
Asphyxiante culture by Dubuffet.mhmm, weird.
Moneymight as well happen if i get desperate enough
Lady Chatterley's LoverOh, if only.
the sun also rises
Robinson Crusoe;
Siddhartha.achieve enlightenment through contemplation of a riversit on the edge of a mass of flowing and undulating pussysounds about right.
The Emperor's New Mind
The Idiot.
Lolita #1Lolita #2Lolita #3shit's so cash
I would fuck those tight tadpole slits so fucking hard. Find out if tadpoles can bleed- If you get me.
100 Years of Solitude;_;
Infinite JestDamn...
FrankensteinSpot on
The Sorrow of Belgium :
Sounds hot and disgusting at the same time
The seven pillars of wisdom.A gay orgy with old grey haired academics comes to mind.
The road.
Fear and Trembling
biology of microorganismsmust be referring to my penis
top kekI'm reading History of ancient greecefeels like a pederast
What is philosophy? by D&GYup, pretty much. tfw Truth is a woman and she won't let me into her bedroom ;_;
fuck, same here
The sound and the Fury lolzorzroflbbq
Long Walk to Freedom - Nelson Mandela.
The Loeb Classical Library's "Greek Anthology"Vol. 1, Book VErotic EpigramsClose call. I'd been reading "The Sorrows of Young Werther" earlier last night...
The Ego and Its Own. Masturbation is my property.
After many a Summer dies the Swan. Fitting title, because my love life is dying.
tfw the last book I read actually was "The Ego and its Own" because of I wanted to understand /lit/ memesMy sex life is very individualistic... Right now I'm reading "Homage to Catalonia" so maybe I'll get to fug a Catalan qt?
on the other hand:Siddhartha.reject asceticism and, so as to be experienced in the ways of the world, be taught in the ways of love by a mistresswhat joyous dreams
The Ego and Its Own
I dodged a bullet there.I finished that book before reading lolita.
Popular Music From Vittulamh, bretty gud
The insights of solitude. Masturbation all the way.Not a big deal btw i support late virginity.
Something to Be Desired
The OdysseyMy wife may be cucking me, but on the other hand I get to have loads of sex with beautiful nymphs and witches. Not really complaining.
mfw The Foundation makes good use of technology miniturization
The Notebook, The Proof, The Third LieFugg :D How I wish this weren't accurate
the greek mythsso i guess i either rape a bunch of people or get raped by a bunch of people
Heart of a Dog. Pretty good actually.
Childhood's EndGuess I won't be a virg much longer
MetamorphosisIm not a real bug but except that its pretty accurate.
Yesssss.The Garden of Eden.
On The RoadCool
Waiting for GodotPerfect fit to be honest.
Less than zero.Truth hurts :/
Totem and taboo my sex life scaries me
Revival
I'm not even joking: The Left Hand of Darkness. It's accutate too.
Stoner
AIDS And Its Metaphors.
Underrated post
Dubliners. The Dead, specifically.So I guess I get really horny and prepare to fuck, but end up thinking about death and get too sad to be in the mood anymore. Seems accurate.
the fountainhead
Man, that's rough.
Apathy and other Small Vctories.
Mr Norris changes trainsGuess I'm into sado-masochism
It was legitimately moby dick ;
The Double.not sure what to make of that
Utopia
Pedro Páramo
Brothers cuckamazov
I don't really know what this says about mine but I know it's bad.
The Sun Also RisesPretty accurate.
Lenin and Philosophy and other Essays.Eh...what?
fuck yeah
Small Gods.
The feels man
You don't have a pee pee?
the sun also risesdamned impotence
Who is this _____ _____?
History of the Peloponnesian WarThats not funny at all actually
A severely disfigured shut-in who runs a play-by-mail role playing gameFuck
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolffml
A Franzen short story about a loser in East Germany who murders the abusive stepdad of a sexy teenager and doesn't get any thank you pussy.I'm such a cuck
Critique of Pure Reasonlol idk
The Stranger. but what does that mean in regards to sex
The book of negroes
All quiet on the Western Front, yep more or less
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX and the Quest for a Fantastic FutureSounds right
Invisible by Paul Auster[Spoiler?] Apperantly i fuck 10/10 french chicks, and get to have sex whit my own sister [Spoiler?]
Me tooIt actually describes mine perfectly
had to
As a man thinketh.
Love in the Time of CholeraI don't have a qt perfect wife like Dr. Urbino nor have I banged anywhere near as many girls as Florentino Ariza :-
History of magic. whelp.
Trips! i win.
Hegel SelectionsWell, all sexuality and sex is dialectical, so...
Childhood's EndI lost my virginity 2 months ago so for once this kind of thread produces as valid metaphor for me.
lost my virginity 2 months agoHow'd that go?
From Bismarck to Hitlergetting nastier
Notes from the underground
Ulyssestfw cuck
A personal matter by kenzaburo oeas in none of your fucking business m8sget cucked
No longer humanFuck a lot of whores? Not bad but hopefully I don't fail my suicide
The Occult Roots of NazismMy dick is an object of veneration by white men with an phobia of getting cuck'd.I call it, the Great White.
In Storms of Steeldied before I could get anyhow fitting
but he survived
You sit on your hand untill it gets numb
Wright Brothers biography So my dick is one of the greatest achievements of mankind?
The best thing those hacks did was popularize reverse threading on the non drive side crank of a bicycle.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
Moby-DickI'm okay with that
sons and lovers
You know this means musical artist Moby will give you the dick, right?
Against Method
Great expectationsMaybe some day...
Brave new world ayyyy
All the pretty horsesWell, fuck.
Nausea
The most recent was an obscure play from some jewish writer in Washington D.C., so I'll have to go with Their Eyes Were Watching God
Anna Karenina is too long, beautiful and romantic to describe my sex life because I'm a 26 year old virgin.
Stranger in a Strange Land.;^
But eventually you become a transcendent being?
Finnegans Wakeincoherent, inconsistent, and non-existent outside of mediation.
the seminar of jacques lacan book x: anxiety 1962-1963
what play?
The Name of the WindWell I'm cucked
The Face of God: Essays on Byzantine Spirituality
The Castle:
Dead Man's Cell Phone
theology and social theoryLooks like I'm being cucked by pseudo-secular Protestant capitalists.
Trollslayer
Close-mouthed kek.
I have no mouth and I must scream
Kierkegaard's biography
The Crying of Lot 49.
All Quiet on the Western Front.So basically a miserable slog where everyone gets filthy, loses limbs, and then ends with a final resigned appreciation that it's finally fucking over.K-kat n-no ;_;
but I'm not Jünger
At the Mountains of MadnessCold, foreign, and full of tentacles
Pale Fire
Norwegian WoodAnticipating much Scandinavian throb in days to come.
a nymphomaniac prowling nazi californiasounds kk
Troilus and CressidaFairly legit.
NibelungenliedThey always backstab me. I am used to cuckoldry.
The Low Carb MythPretty accurate I guess, seeing as how my sex life is also a myth
Did the cell phone kill him?
Top lel m88. Wait until all our buddies on /r/4chan get a load of this.
QbVIII guess its kinda dry with some hints of excitement.
I'm getting back into reading, the book I've started with is 120 days of Sodom...I'm so fucked.
jesus christ thatt's a dank cover
get fucked campbell, there are no heroes left in man
The SwingerI'm OK with this!
hurry on downyou betcha i will ;
American psycho
It was a book about space vampires that begins by describing astronauts holding their breaths for months at a time in cryosleep
Oedipus the Kingfug
Third Reich at War
Blindsight?
Ride the Tiger.goddammit, Evola, why you gotta make me a furry?
At least it's low in carbs.
I'm Swedish so it makes sense.
Red Dragon by Thomas Harris
The Discovery of HeavenConsidering I'm a virgin, this may come true
The dharma bumsEnlightening drunk hippie sex in the woods, not bad
Hegel's Philosophy of Historytfw no qt antithesis to sublate my hard, throbbing thesis
Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and his Years of Pilgrimage
Blood Meridian
Anti-OedipusHAha! Yes!
"mythology" - edith hamiltondamn, too true tho....
The Brothers Karamazov.tfw gf is pregnant
FiccionesWell, fuck you too, Borges
On the Genealogy of MoralsI can't parse this
Did you just call her retarded?
Technics and Time - I guess my sex life is external to me but constitutive of me? idk give me some help
Explain
It doesn't.Either the last one I finished or the any of the ones I'm still reading.
First as Tragedy, Then as Farce
Destined to Witness: Growing up Black in Nazi Germany.Sums it up perfectly tbh.... Growing up Black in Suburban Connecticut
Dungeon WorldHue.
The origin of speciesapt
A Series of Unfortunate Events: The EndSo generally uncertain future. Eh. True enough, as true as anything else.
Childhoods end or infinite jest, both work I guess
Fathers and Sons. I hate you OP.
Helmet For My PillowYes, funnily enough it's accurate. My girlfriend is japanese, and I do in fact plant my flag pole firmly into her suribachi
Advice for a Young Investigator.hahahhahahahha
dead souls:
'Event:Philosophy in transit' by Zizek,Not even close, the 'event' hasn't happened in quite a while if you catch my drift.
The Beautiful Fall
A Possible LifeNazis, guerrilla warfare and sexual affair, nice
The art of war as translated by ralph j sawyer and with introductions and diagrams by ralph j sawyer Doesn't work
Green Eggs and HamI assume that means orgasm denial
Who is this semon demon?
Seriously?
Great Expectations
Uprooted
The last thing I read was "Patriotism" by Yukio Mishima.That's OK, I guess?
yes.
thanks for playing along, auntie butters
goddamn the influx of new tripfags must all be from reddit.
10/10
Lolita;
Holy shit, that's it, I'm finally getting mouth-raped by a bunch of niggers.
lhizaveta is the only pregnant char in karamazov
Thunderball Giggity
The Selfish Gene, by Richard DawkinsH-heh
The Nimrod Hunt
The Way of Mentfw
My Stuggle book 2: A Man in LoveDamn.
Sun Tzu's The Art of War.
sword of the lictor? yikes.
engineer trilogyNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Book of lies.Heh
one hundred years of solitudeth-thanks op
Ayyy 120 days from sade.

Trainspotting
i lie every time i make a post
Dat /SS/scene with his aunt or whatever. In yelly
The orchard keeper. Would make more sense if I were a woman I suppose
The Art of Being Ungoverned: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia
SubmissionM. HoullebecqI wish
Engines of god
all quiet on the western frontdamn....
StonerHuh. Could honestly be worse.
Ride the TIger.The only way not to be consumed by the beast is to fuck its brains out
Univalence teaches that everything you would get out of sex, you can achieve autonomous, if only you go deep inside yourself. i.e. it's okay if you just fap the pain away.On a very related note, I also read what  read.
Hemingway's 'Garden of Eden' where, basically, the protagonist is married to two hot, south-european women.a man can only dream.
I might as well not have.
the concise oxford dictionary
This thread contributes nothing and is nothing.
Frankensteinnasty dick
The first short story in Voice of the FireI almost fuck a qt trap, could be worse I guess.
The Mosquito CoastNot sure how to take that.
And yet it has more replies than 90% of threads.
The Conquest of GaulWell, I've never fucked a chick from France, Belgium or Switzerland.
welcome to /lit/ - reddit with a dull edge
Bleeding Edge.I think it more accurately describes my teenage masturbatory habits.
mine's Dom Casmurro, guess it works since i'm a cuckhehehehehehehehehehe
It's not all about "Me"Surprisingly accurate. I eat the pussy and the butt.
We have officially become /mu/ You guys are fucking disgusting. I just wish all of these morons who never read books would go away
The Art of War.
The Dragon Reborn
Best post ive ever seen on this website
lel
september anon, just 3 more months
Too bad it's pasta, m8. lurk moar
Never pull out game strong
House of LeavesI don't... I don't even fucking know. The Five and a Half Minute Vagina, I guess.
Thankfully ol' Clarky got around a fair bit
my booky wookwhatever that means is probably right
Leaf StormI dunno /lit/, I dunno...
NauseaWell shit
The Trial - Kafka
Girlfriend in a Coma.
A Farewell to Arms I'm a permavirgin so I don't know what to make of this. What's up CT bro? I'm moving out of this shitthole someday.
Naked Lunch, fuck
Pic related is cutie
l'histoire de l'oeil:
what's it about?
Il Conformista
The Men We Reapedlel
People Who Don't Know They're Dead: How They Attach Themselves to Unsuspecting Bystanders and What to Do About Itlel
lol
The virgin suicides
Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde
the wanting seed.
Queer
The Great Shark Hunt
stranger in a strange land
Same, except im the bloke who dies on the way to the front line from a random mortar shell.
Lord Jimrough sex on a lifeboat while 800 slaves drown
The Thing: A Phenomenology of Horror
Alice's adventures in wonderland
Improv Comedy
In search of lost times
7. Whereof one cannot speak, one must be silent.
To completion?As I Lay DyingIn progress?The GhostmapBook of Poetry?Bukowski
Catch-22can't come during sex because i masturbate too much, can't stop masturbating because i can't come during sex
George RR Martin is going to be doing nothing at all bar writing until his next novel The Winds of Winter is complete. At least that's what he'll have you believe, as the 67-year-old is determined to see the book on shelves before season six of Game of Thrones hits HBObefore season sixseason sixHas any other writer been beaten to the punch by the tv show based on their book?
cuckolded that hard
2001: a space odyssey?but no, I think they just worked together to begin with so the one coming more or less after the other isn't quite the same situation
TV show is probably using his old draft as an ending with a few minor changes
GRRM breaks his fat back to get TWOW out before season 6season 7 comes out 3 years before the last book and ruins the ending for bookfags everywhereBravo GRRM.
"OY GEE I GOTTA POOPY","B-but George, you said you'd finish the book by Octobe--","NO! GEORGE NEED POOPY NOW POOPY POOPY", He shits all over the pages. It's an instant classic."You've done it again George, the kids love it"
the show is shit and diverging from the books at a rapid rategurm probably told them a fake ending
I fucken loled
Fucking kek'd m80
Need help /lit/ I'm looking for a new book and narrowed it down to three choices. A clockwork orange, the women in black and when I stop talking you'll know I'm dead. Looking for personal choices/opinion
Just bought War and Peace, Les Mis, The Odysseus and The Divine Comedy.What order should I read them?I also bought Shakespeare's Julius Caesar and MacBeth but they're easy reads so obviously I'll take them on first.
*The Odyssey
chronologically
Julius Caesar and Macbeth easy readsnot all of them are easy readsWhen I have a difficulty in choosing order I simply read the oldest first. Or the one I want to read the most. Or just choose any because it really doesn't matter. But perhaps start with War and Peace, because it's wonderful. The others are also wonderful. It doesn't matter.
I mean easy read as in its quick and fast unlike say, War and Peace, which is huge.
thisthe funny thing is that despite its length W&P is probably the easiest read out of all of those, its very accessible and easy to read. When I read it I would regularly sit down and breeze through 150+ pages in an hour and half to 2 hours
War and Peace, Les Mis, The Odysseus and The Divine ComedyWhich translations, assuming you're reading in English?
They're all English except Les Mis which is in French. I'm a little bit nervous about taking Les Mis on so early as my French skills are pretty weak and as it's old it's language and structure might be more complex.
What does /lit/ think of Piero Scaruffi's "Best Novels of All Times" list?
Emily Bronte and Virginia Wolfe in the top 15 while Don Quixote isn'tWar & Peace at #18I don't think that is a great list
Whoops I didn't see that the list is books written since 1815. Still, not having either Anna Karenina or W&P being at least in the top 10 seems like a mistake.
I guess thats what'ya call subjectivity mate
He clearly has nothing substantive to say about literature so why should I care in which arbitrary order he ranks books he may not even have read?
Not bad considering the restrictions he imposed on it.Browsing his site, he consumes a lot of media.
not bad. I like his Japanese list
 And some nice Arabic novels! He's alright I guesss.
I'm more interested in what /lit/ has to say about his numerous scientific theses. My favourite:
What's the final Great American Novel going to tackle? I know you know. You're the one who has it knocking around in your head.
Since the greatness is dead not it's size but it's idealism it could only be about an honest regaining or attempted regaining of it. Something people in other countries would read. This could be written today and likely unrecognized by the masses for all the noise or in a post-collapse world, say 60 or 80 years from now.If we live that long.
Shit. I think I just agreed with you.
The social novel of both range and depth is no longer possible. There's too much vitriol over people trying to represent groups they're not part of but that would also protest over a refusal of being recognized in such a novel: you have to write satire in order to be shielded by humor, or you have to write narrower social novels. Society is also increasingly socially fractured by the internet and revolutions in technology, which both creates new groups and exposes small ones, which all cry out for recognition and exploration in a novel adhering to the ideal of TGAN.
Lol. Practiced bullshitter detected.Also, non of those fuckers read books. TGAN isn't for everyone but it will affect everyone.
I'm using The Great American Novel in a strict historical sense, not in the superlative and common use: the Great American Novel is a novel that captures all of American life of a period, texture and structure, through distinctly and excellently American way of using the techniques of literature. I find it hard to believe we can find that "American way" these days, when America is vanishing into hyphenation. I find it hard to believe somebody can grasp a period in its totality as things evolve so rapidly and span the world and the net. There's also a lot of disincentive to try, even if the failures are superlative and noble. People don't want to be understood anymore, like I was saying. There's other reasons, too. Nobody wants to read. And so on.
Easy. The next great American novel will be about how digital connectivity and the availability of more media catering to your tastes than anyone could ever consume allows everyone not just 4chan NEETS to effectively live in an unprecedented huge echo chamber. It will go beyond DFW's "Turn your brains on, people!" and will turn the discerning reader on to his own hypocrisies and weaknesses while being a pleasant read that the less discerning reader will "identify with" and recognize people they know in.
America is vanishing into hyphenation.My pleb mind not make head nor tail of this clause.And but people don't evolve, which will always be the grounds of a good novel, that is, those conflicts everyone can grasp.Why couldn't someone grasp modern murka in it's entirety and enormity? I'm not convinced things are moving all that fast.
He's referring to terms such as Asian-American where everyone is trying to label themselves as some special subset of Americans, fracturing the national identity that some say we should be trying to forge stronger.
Well dfw addressed this with: be careful what you pay attention to.So. Navigating the chaff? Exposing hypocrisy? Are you in High School? I'm genuinely asking. Your take is unfamiliar to me.
Is this really something that would need to be acknowledged? People care about labels? They can't identify with a straight white male who is funny and has practical knowledge and was unjustly wronged in a manner that the law can't rectify so he and his jive talking sidekick, yes, sidekick, who is black as tar, they avenge this evil and struggle with the meaning that revenge gives to a life, particularly in the face of nihilism, and ultimately betray each other when faced with Room 101?
Ignore the DFW bit. I just said that because he didn't live through much of the internet age. I'm just guessing that the Great American Novel of our time will capture the way we insulate ourselves through constant contact with people and media that already suit us, via the internet and social mores. It will portray what that society is actually like. Maybe the author will have his own take on how we should live, but maybe he won't. I'm not writing the thing.Are you in High SchoolGraduated from a top 30 university less than a month ago. Odd question to ask.
it wont be written by a white guy
I think he's saying that the critical atmosphere is changing so that people who can't identify with that have a voice, and alienating enough of them means you didn't capture America quite well enough, so the bar for what can be the Great American Novel is getting higher. We may look back on literature from this decade and find that there's a Great Jewish-American novel and a Great WASP-American novel but no single Great American novel.
So, the internet. I would think that would just be in the background. Just because this is all so superficial. And hard to novelize. Odd questionI was four years off. Sue me.
overrating of sex. there is no longer a single to transgress, even the cliché of the matrix and the computers enslaving us, destroying our desire has been done. There nothing to talk about expect the extreme position on some subject, extremism which everybody knows already, or the clichés about social justice, love, ego, and whatever has been discussed for the last decades or centuries.THe thing is that there has not been anything new happening in the society since the 70s or 80s, we only have more constrated society and more vocal extremists.
You know what, that makes sense. But I bet that there are enough shared aspirations that cross these stupid tribal divides, enough that painting them can speak to wider America. The American Dream! Or nightmare.
It's not just this I'm getting at, but the fact that these identities - and also the thousands of tiny internet communities - also create symbol systems that the new Great American Novel would have to incorporate otherwise everybody would accuse it of being racist/sexist/transphonic/colonial if they weren't going to already. Take a board like /a/ for example. /A/ has a very developed set of behaviors and a language to go with those behaviors. You can basically hang around there for a half year or so and understand it. This isn't the case with a lot of groups now. There are also SO MANY of them. And they can be very, very, very important to people. Like DOTA, etc. Those groups are also ephemeral because of their platforms. One strategy, which is alluded to in  is you bracket off the internet, but the problem is so much social interaction happens on it.
hard to novelize4uIt likely would be in the background, but sensitively portraying life in the present day requires sensitively and accurately portraying the internet. You're right, it is hard to do and that's why nobody's done it yet, but when they do it will be memorable.And come on, the high school comment was obviously meant to be belittling, but I love you anyway.
I should have said more. It's not just about the accusing, but the actual mirroring of society where there are divides.
I feel like none of that matters, what you just wrote. Wouldn't TGAN be a word painting of this time period, as it is. I don't see why all of that wouldn't just be part of it anyway.
so much social interactionAh, but not the kind worth reading about. Right?
Ok so two things. Does anything worth writing about occur on the internet yes this sounds monumentally stupid or is it how it affects us when we leave the screen that is worth writing about?Also, the HS thing—what's wrong with HS? Maybe the TGAN will be about or include a HS. A WASP HS in Newport, RI. Which will allow for elitism but also diversity. And there will be tennis. And sexting.
It does if you're a comedian who does shit in public, films it and puts it on the internet, for example. Nothing happens strictly on the internet because the people on here all live in the physical world where there are cops and social pressures and they have all sorts of animal needs.Everyone, myself included, is a jerkoff in high school, so it's a red flag if something I say makes people think I'm in high school.
This dude's totally right.I've been all over the internet landscape, like a cowboy or a travelling hooker. That DOTA thing is true, there's a whole subculture now online surrounding it, and it comes offline for tournaments. He's also right about the different boards.Who's volunteering to write this novel? I think I could do it.
Double monocled trollin. Infinite cheers.
I'm not trollin. I probably could write such a novel. I know my way around a syntax and the internet.But would it be the Great American Novel? The wwwnet implies the whole world.
One issue is that the internet is constantly dating itself. The slang, memes, groups, websites, all of it will feel dated by the time the book got to print.
Well... You say that...
hmmm yes of course. You see dated, I see opportunities for lots of word play.
Like Cockney Rhyming Slang. Like Bob Hope for dope. And flaming faggot for baguette. Or let loose for noose. Or... fuck I'm not sure how rhyming works.
I'm not sure how rhyming worksGood thing I do!New Western Canon, here I come!
I was re-reading read: flicking through El Legado del Totalitarianismo en una Tundra a few minutes ago and while it makes me laugh more than it ever did before, all the references in it are already completely forgotten as memes. Robin Williams? Bob Saget? Why were we so interested in these things? Even Tao Lin is mentioned less these days.
TGAM will be a kind of Ulysses that traces the origins of America's cultural imagination back to their respective roots, explaining how they've changed, while reminding people that critical realism and digital pessimism isn't the whole of experience. We need a Virginia Woolf type author who can juggle social/critical explorations with psychological/spiritual/philosophical explorations. TGAM will tell us what has changed with the conclusive domination of global capital, popular digital experience, etc. and what has not changed being, Walt Whitman-esque liberation from roots, etc.. TGAM could, alternatively, be about the return of americanized europeans to Europe. The re-homogenization of heterogeneity.
... What's TGAM?
TGAMIs this like George HW Bush adding "under God" to the presidential oath?
implying a novel ever managed to catch "America" in its entirety as oppose to just caricaturizing it in a way that to us, in the future, seems like an authentic presentation of the America that was.
TGAM is gone. It was a concept that emerged out of certain standards that were enforced by certain moral authorities and used to judge what "good" literature was.The power of those moral authorities is gone. There simply is no official face that has the power to crown a piece of literature as TGAM anymore.
The Great American Novel
The TGAM of today is the book that sells the most.That is the modern authority and standard setter.Making the most money is the ideal as ideals themselves are now defined and decided upon by a larger percentage of people.Looking back, this is how our time will be characterized.Things like Harry Potter have and will influence a huge amount of people, writers and artists.
I think The Book of Numbers has the potential to be the 'Digital Age' Great American Novel we've been waiting for.
The Book of NumbersWhats that?
hype.I'm not Joshua Cohen astroturfing my new novel here, by the way.
marketing a book as the next GAN...wouldn't that put you at risk of being a laughing stock if it's not?
holy shit that looks appalling
Great American NovelWhy do Yanks still do this?
They are insecure about their lack of culture
If that's the case that it was already written in 2001. It's called Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty.
indeed, and raiden was a mistake
It wouldn't work without a character like him.
Our gen still has skin in the game.
So I just started reading this...Am I having a fucking stroke?
"omg the author is using a slightly different language from mine to create a particular atmosphere"how many books have you read in your life? I'm guessing 10 max.
the triumphant return of the classic "should i keep going?"/"does it get any better?" thread
Just because an author uses words from another langauge to make it seem different doesn't mean it's good writing. I understand the whole in the future; langauge will be different idea but if it's giving me a headache to read and you have just changed english words to the russian language pronounciation you haven't been extremely original
I understand the whole in the future; langauge will be different idea but if it's giving me a headache to read and you have just changed english words to the russian language pronounciation you haven't been extremely originalI kinda like it. Maybe it is because I'm used to reading in a language that I'm not fluent in so coming across words that I don't understand but can get the gist of them through context isn't so strange or headache inducing.It doesn't have to be original to create a strange and interesting atmosphere.
I think I read somewhere that the made-up slang was just used to tone down the more graphic scenes in the book. I viddied that it works, O my brothers. Real horrorshow.
used to tone down the more graphic scenesWhat a sell-out move.
No, the sellout move was cutting out the last chapter Alex grows up and gets bored of the old ultraviolence for American readers because they apparently preferred grit or some other rubbish.I actually really think that the slang works. You're artificially detached from sympathizing with the victims, and it's easier to find yourself rooting for Alex instead. But what do I know. I'm just a random casual.
yeah you'll get used to it.I will say the book has a more reasonable and down to earth ending than the movie. movie was as stylized as the book but ehhhhhhhhhh
No, the sellout move was cutting out the last chapter Alex grows up and gets bored of the old ultraviolence for American readers because they apparently preferred grit or some other rubbish.Wait what? How does the American version end, does it have a differing end or is it just one chapter shorter and nothing else?And I guess the movie is based on the American version now that I think about it...
Yeah, it's just one chapter shorter. As in, without Alex changing.Haven't gotten around to seeing the movie yet. Makes want to now though.
And I guess the movie is based on the American version now that I think about it...from what I heard Kubrick initially didn't realize the original had another chapter from where the American version left off.
What does /lit/ think of TheBookHoarder
Why do women in the US all have such annoying nasal-whiny voices and intonations?
there are like only 2-3 worthwile book reviewer youtubers
They don't. I think this girl has the nasaliest voice I've ever heard, and I'm American. I still think she's cute, though.
Related question: Can you only be one woman's tampon at once?
peruseproject 4 lyferegan is loveregan is lifesage all bookhoarder gnomes
link me
Who is this [cum synonym] [rhyming noun]?
No interest.
You will never be Milana's tampon
all that makeup
I've always wondered how much this girl consciously takes advantage of her faceshe could make more out of it by losing some weight.
tried to read Boom of the New Sun /lit/And she couldn't understand itWhat are you going to do about it /lit/
Nothing tbh.
One day Tokusan told his student Ganto, "I have two monks who have been here for many years. Go and examine them." Ganto picked up an ax and went to the hut where the two monks were meditating. He raised the ax, saying, "If you say a word I will cut off your heads; and if you do not say a word, I will also cut off your heads."The two monks continued their meditation as if he had not spoken. Ganto dropped the ax and said, "You are true Zen students." He returned to Tokusan and related the incident. "I see your side well," Tokusan agreed, "but tell me, how is their side?" "Tozan may admit them," replied Ganto, "but they should not be admitted under Tokusan."So, I get the first part, but what about the second? Can somebody explain why they shouldn't be admitted under Tokusan?
left out both the introduction Dogen says, "", and the summary.In part this is some big dick boasting by Tokusan. In part this is praise of speaking the monks didn't speak and didn't not speak, but they didn't speak. In part this is praise of Ganto's moment of thought.The real koan is for Ganto.
nice links, too bad the syntax in the second link is appaling
Deal with weeaboo fucken english then cunt.
, 
Do you ever feel like an unreliable narrator, or as though you're overly influenced by some narrative?
as far as any of us is a narrator we are unreliable; but are you trying to say in our own writing?
It's fiction. An "unreliable narrator" is a parlor trick the author puts in so the plebs can doubt the story and wonder.Nobody smart wastes time with this "unreliable narrator" bullshit, because they know it's like trying to figure out what's in Marcellus Wallace's briefcase. It doesn't matter. It's just a story. Bitch.
being this much of a teenager.
If someone says that you are a certain way i.e 'you are angry', that idea will influence your analysis of actuality: you'll either move to justify or reject that idea. This may cause you to cherry-pick, invent or exaggerate things.
he writes first person narration! laughing whoresFirst person narration is for people who lack the emotional maturity to understand someone or something from the outside. Which, sadly, is most people.
Being so emotionally mature, you already know how most are going to view your post, right?
Der bumpen
Let's be srs here, I'm no SJW but isn't post-modernism and modern art just a way to cement the reputations of SLIPPERY WET WHITE MEN who come from rich / middle class backgrounds and went through the university industrial complex? Elliot Rodger's manifesto is seen as shit. Ove Knausgaard's self indulgent books are seen as great. Pynchon's lolsorandumness is seen as the pinnacle of books. A shit on a canvas is art if it's displayed in the right new york museum.I'm not saying that women / blacks etc aren't riding on a wave of politically correct subsidies etc, because they are. This is a separate issue. Why do you guys refuse to acknowledge anything as worthy unless a publisher one of 100 in the world, all of whom came from similar backgrounds proclaims that a manuscript is worth marketing? Didn't that 9001 hours worth of reading teach you to think for yourself?
I figured this would be the best place to ask this question.Tolkien invented a bunch of languages for his stories. Now, while I admit that this has caused quite a few bullshit trends in the fantasy genre, my question is more about the process Tolkien used and what he threw into Elvish when he created it. Tolkien's philosophy of language is revealed in a myth in which the firstborn Elves lived in a state of unity of signified, signifier, and signifying; his terms, Lacanian though they may sound. To prove their height over the rest of Eru's creation, they constructed the first language. Ultimately, in Tolkien's lore, all languages have their roots here. I have two questions, jumping from this myth.1 Thoughts on this concept? An Ur-language spoken by the first language-speakers that serves as the common ancestor of all language families? How does this compare to Lacanian, Heideggerian, Wittgensteinian, Chomskyan theories of language and grammer? 2 Does anyone know what languages Tolkien drew on when constructing his language? Obviously German and English and Greek, but I'm having a hard time actually finding information about this.
Bump
i people probably didn't just invent language in one goii none of those thinkers you mentioned really care about the historical/anthropological development of real languages but the underlying structure that allows language to function. so i wouldn't say there's much to compare.
Does anyone know what languages Tolkien drew on when constructing his language?Irish
Does anyone know what languages Tolkien drew on when constructing his language? Obviously German and English and Greek, but I'm having a hard time actually finding information about this.From what I remember Finnish had a big influence on his constructed languages. The fact that he translated Beowulf could also give you some clues, tho he did know many European languages at least.
1 my question is literally about which languages Tolkien used and which elements of them he decided to copy. This response isn't helpful. Can /lit/ not into philology?2 Obviously, that's what my question is about. There are obvious philosophy of language concepts in there. I'm asking what those thinkers would say about those concepts. Wittgenstein seems basically opposed to the idea of a prelinguistic semantic unity, for example.
I'm asking what those thinkers would say about those concepts.nothing, because they don't care about how languages actually were created
Are you not reading my posts or something? It seems like I've made what I'm asking pretty clear:There are obvious philosophy of language concepts in there. I'm asking what those thinkers would say about those concepts. Wittgenstein seems basically opposed to the idea of a presemantic unityIt's obvious that Tolkien had thoughts about actual languages and used the same philosophy of language when learning and speaking real languages as he did when constructing fake ones. My second question is about philosophy of language, not the mechanics of invention.The emergence of language and the construction of artificial languages are different things. If you're telling me none of those thinkers had any thoughts on the emergence of language, I'm going to be inclined not to believe you.
why don't you desperately defend the noble purpose of your thread more?
I'm just pointing out that you misunderstood what I was asking and trying to make my question as clear as possible.
Tbh the point of /lit/ isn't to communicate with others and exchange ideas, it is about making sick burns and outsmugging others.
i didn't misunderstand anything, you genre fiction reading piece of shityou want to connect your shitty fantasy story with the work of philosophers, but you have no clue how to do it, because philosophy isn't fantasyread my well-worded posts a couple more times before you vomit out another cringe-inducing response
I have no fucking idea about those deeper concepts but Tolkien was working on a base of English, German, Irish and Finnish.
I haven't even read Tolkien since I was I'm elementary school you faggot. Your posts weren't well worded. Capitalize once in a while. Sorry for trying to spark discussion on /lit/
I'm elementary school:^But are you new to 4chan or something? Just ignore the little shit you dummy
HOW ABOUT THIS.Quick gistIn the future.Everyone acts retarded or borderline retarded and books are no longer read and society is in shambles, etc. the internet, tv and general electronic use are at an all time high.Having a mental illness is the new norm which is why they accept the mentally ill to be cool, witty and superior .That's all I've gotten so far. could this even be a story or simply just a thought/worry? It's not supposed to be totally serious, I just thought about it one day when I saw a thread with someone claiming to be a sociopath and realized how some people think it is great/awesome to be completely devoid of any logical thinking or human emotion and then I think about the people on tumblr who self diagnose themselves as autistic and how its already the norm on there to be a retard.
You've literally described life in 2015
mental illness is a spook OP. check out Foucault
and basically every point before it as well
But the idea is that its worsened... Well, actually. I do not live in the cities and live a mostly solitary life.But when I go into the cities and see the things and the people and the adverts and the life that runs through and around it; I sense a great failure in disguise of a great feat... I guess that would be the best way for me to put it for lack of better words.Perhaps it is that bad already.
Its like in flowers for algeron where the narrator realises he was a retard.
He was A or he was THE?Just checking
Have you seen Idiocracy by any chance?
I'd say yes but then it would seem like I stole the idea from there wouldn't it?I forgot that I even watched it if that helps with being original because I really did
Ideas can't be stolen. The movie was a shitty romcom/com with more plot holes than lines. It's okay to use the same basic idea whether you were inspired by it or not.My beef with it would be that it contradicts with evolution.
Increasing vulgarism contradicts evolution, what?You realise evolution isn't literally the survival of "the fittest"
Bump
I like your second point better than your first. Build it around that.
Isn't that basically Fahrenheit 451?
I was thinking The Truman Show hahaha
This is the basically the plot of the comedy movie Idiocracy but don't fret it is like American Pie-tier so you could probably do it better
pretty funny movie imo except for the weird pro-eugenics intro that has aged horribly
The blatant sexism there, even now, already looks off.Female protagonist is a whore.The office chiefs constantly make sexist remarks towards female with huge tits.Constant mentions of dudes having sex or exploiting women..
everybody is retardedSome important questions right there: what do they do when they get ill, given that doctors could hardly exist? Who builds the machines? Who operates the communication networks you say they use 24/7 if no one reads the books required to know how to do this?There's a nice story about humanity being slowly ground down by an AI pretending to be friendly in there that idea is yours now, but using it will probably still hurt your ego, but the way it looks now, it's too much of a moral parable/political bullshittery to me.
The dumbest might be breading more but they aren't the fittest to breadOnce we reach a limit in resources the dumber humans will fail to survive
The dumb, the dependant, the naive and the weak, actually.Smarts alone won't save you from being killed for what little you have.
I don't understand your point
Post some of your prose and let others critique it, /lit/. I'd like to see what some of our budding writers on this board potentially have.
Imagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
He heard her distant speech from the office corridor; water vapour's laughter. Almost a whisper, graciously featherweight. Intentional or not, it was honest. Sugar paper wrapping an audible gift: such low decibel rating, more than enough to cause tinnitus. Nothing was ever forced, just slightly tapped. An incorruptible piece of audio not unlike a recently purchased cassette with an eternal promise establishing a rule for never playing it; you wouldn't want to damage such a beautiful sound.Naaaah, no, that's not. Wait. Her hair's a modest gradient - brown soil foundations allowed marvellous blonde establishments to grow and prosper, as many aspire for the success that her hair had achieved. Goddamn, wow. She seemed preoccupied, mid-discussion regarding some professional concerns - water cooler jargon for getting asses in gear because that shit wasn't ever going to record itself Oh god, you know how these artists are: "Hey, can I record this new solo I've been working on?" Well how about fuck off, no, it isn't exactly fucking November Rain. Just finish the fucking song, we want to go home, you self-indulgent rats. Despite concerns, stresses and depresses, she would seemingly give various timezones, annual celebratory holiday information and the variables that contribute to the variations of seasons' length and timing throughout each year. Surprisingly, she probably could. Those glasses. Whoa, Nelly. His libido would pull them off with his teeth; his libido this and that, a few lustful thoughts popped into mind -- fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off. I cannot believe I let that happen. Despite natural urge; the drill sergeant pushing forward, hoping his training of the soldiers had motivated them enough to succeed and survive the battlefield - probably Normandy, all the marching - against the foe. The Cold War scum suckers who wanted to fuck their freedom and cum in its hair, motherfuckers! They'd fuck their own mothers! The hun cunts and the Russkie shits, right, right, right, huh? ACHTUNG, I'LL SEE THE DEATH OF YOU BEFORE YOU RISE ONCE MORE.He turned his back from her general direction to hide the uprising. It seemed not just the revolt against Communism, but he was hiding the tearing of the Berlin wall and possibly the French Revolution too on second thought, most likely the French had something to do with it all. The studio was empty, right? Thundered, thundered, foot soldier march! I don't know what I've been told, What we have here is Cuban missile gold!
I was so mad at my Mom and Dad I punched my wall like *BANG*, like a boxer hitting a heavy bag. I didn't even care if I hit a stud or something. I hit just plain drywall though and punched through it like *BANG* you know? I was so tired of them always yelling at me and telling me how stupid I am. My Dad used to smack my head like I was a moron when I messed up at something that I wouldn't even know how to do anyway. It was my chore to sweep up the kitchen but getting around the table was a pain so I just pushed the chairs and stuff over and Mom yelled at me "what's wrong with you!". Dad came in and said "what is going on here jesus christ Ben what is it now". I didn't even throw the chairs I just pushed them out of the way cause they told me to sweep and the kitchen was fucking clean anyway. I had to stand there while they kept yelling but they told me to go to my room and I didn't have to finish. My wall has a lot of holes in it but I don't hit the ones by my bed anymore. They face outside and in the winter it gets cold around where the holes. I asked for a TV for my birthday but my parents got me a CD.
It's like Holden Caulfield revised for the 21st century. I like
I'm glad you recognized what I was going for but I feel the voice isn't quite consistent enough yet.
Theres some really sweet ideas in this, anon. Polish it more, maybe elaborate on some of the more interesting passages like "water vapour's laughter" and get really free with it. This is nice.
I was sitting there, I was depressed as hell, looking at some website where a bunch of phonies yappped and yapped about books. I like books, but the all the ones they were talking about were written by phonies. For instance, there was this real dumb bastard they were always worshipping called "Pinecone". That's right. A goddamned guy named Pinecone. Anyways, I read a few pages of one of this Pinecone guy's books and boy was is a load of junk. All he talked about were little pieces of architecture and bananas. I'm done with that for kind of shit for a while. Books aren't for me. I guess ever since I started fingerbanging Phoebe nothing seems as interesting.
Arthur peered out the window. His eyes trailed across every fleeting natural occurrence that passed by the train. Arthur marvelled at the beauty of nature in his adolescence. Often entranced, his sense of time became distorted -- wherein some instances, where seconds became hours and vice versa. However, self-criticality along with a change of scenery from his small country home to small apartment in the middle of a booming industrial city lead Arthur to forget his old tendencies.The train ride brought him back to his primal desire. There was a particular point in the train ride wherein he felt an overwhelming sense of sadness when passing a peculiarly beautiful area. A deep and gorgeous valley was separated by the cold steel of the train doors. On the top of the valleys were wisps of fog that rested, frozen in an ostensible eternity. Although the valleys extended far past his view, those in sight all followed a similar downward path to a circular center. Arthur was incapable of seeing the bottom of these valleys due to his position on the train, to which he attributed that such valleys held an abyss at the bottom. It is often of human nature to be anxious of the unknown. Arthur, on the other hand, found himself awestruck by the enigma -- a contrarion to most he knew. And when Arthur realized his current obsession, he felt the hammer of reality crack down upon him. It was swift, as if an execution. And rather than tasting blood as one would as he approaches death, Arthur felt an earthy bitterness touch his tongue.
Craig sat in his small-but-cozy office in the chili factory and looked over the recent data. The fancy charts and detailed analysis all arrived at a simple problem: participants did not respond well to the chili variation with a little extra cocoa powder or the variation with slightly less cocoa powder compared to the current recipe found throughout grocery store shelves across the country. To Craig, this simply meant that the clear solution was to chance nothing in the original recipe. To the higher-ups, this was a completely unacceptable answer. Their firmly held beliefs stated that a little tweaking done routinely was necessary to keep the brand relevant. The Bachelor's of Science hanging on the wall signified to everyone that Craig ought to be capable of finding a solution."Well, we increased and decreased the amount of cocoa by 1/4 teaspoon--so maybe trying again with 1/8 teaspoon would provide a more subtle change that the participants would find more palatable."There were a lot of furrowed brows and thoughtful nods at this suggestion. He was glad his idea had been met with approval, yet disappointed since it's implementation was sure to be a headache. Feeling the familiar weight of tasks and responsibility begin to press down on him, he opened the drawer of his desk and started working on an unfinished sudoku.
She jolted sideways as something came smashing down beside her. A great spatter of red had spackled on the white rock, and she saw what had created it: a turtle totally cracked open, shell smashed out and innards spilt upon the stone. With a whoosh of wind an eagle fluttered down beside the corpse, landing with a folding of its wings and hopping to the ruined turtle's ruined form. Its curved beak swept into the broken shell, ripping out a chunk of guts that promptly was gulped down. The eagle paused then, for it saw her. Its piercing yellow eyes were gleaming in its brown feathery face. She knew that look, that stare. She nodded. “Good eating,” she said. Then her eyes went back onto the bloody spatter. She saw the brilliant scarlet fluid running now in rivulets into the crevices and crannies of the ancient stone. She felt the flow as though it ran across her own skin, felt the weight that blood has and the strange way that it sticks and stretches over hardy surfaces. Her own blood, in between her ears, began to pump the faster. She swallowed. She shook her head, tried to clear the feeling, and she hurried on.
This is a little melodramatic, but that's fine. More worryingly, you seem to dance between the past and the present tense.Nevertheless, the language is powerful, and you use particularly strong words at the right moments- like "deep and gorgeous valley" which I like- and the use of the word "abyss."Just pay more attention when you're writing.
Much appreciated, Anon.
Want to try creative writing myself: how often should I redraft passages? I have ideas planned out, but should I be a little freeform with structure? I know some authors certainly are. How often can I mix the colloquial with the formal?
On the strip scene in True LiesImagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
jamie lee curtis is hot in that imo but this was still funny to me
The day the world ended was just like any other. Honey bees suckled on sweet nectar as robins and jays flitted about the azure sky, leaving behind downy feathers in their wake. Children played on the streets and in the public parks, for it was finally the weekend they had been looking forward to. The older citizens occupied their free time with recreational sports in the sun, tasty picnics in the shade, and fine music in the ears. The sun was high and shined brightly upon the content populous, radiating warm whispers that masked the impending demise of their insignificant planet. The happy mood quickly changed to severe terror when the first disaster struck. A deafening boom resounded across the world, as if Gaia had clapped her earthen hands together in delight. But rather, the earth came apart. Paved roads crumpled up as tremors shook reverberated through cities and towns, thoroughly thrashing their denizens. The ground split into a multitude of fractured pieces, creating chasms far too deep to see the bottom of that greedily swallowed whole groups of terrified humans. Not knowing where to run from the ground, people aimlessly fled for their lives in fear, praying to their gods for their lives to be spared. Soon after came the tidal waves, washing entire continents like a divine hose. The water had turned a murky black and it crashed against all that stood in it's path, sweeping up tall skyscrapers and small people with ease and carrying them nowhere in particular. By now, only those living on the tallest mountains had survived this series of catastrophes, but they didn't have long to enjoy their good fortune. The sky turned a sickening crimson as piercing whistles rang through the air. Blazing red meteors stabbed through the clouds and rained down upon whatever was left of the broken planet, punching deep holes in what little ground there was to punch deep holes in. The mighty mountains crumbled, the black oceans sloshed, and the last human cried out in despair at the unforgiving end to humanity as a molten boulder slammed down from above and crushed him mercilessly.
day just like any otherquickly changedclichefor it wasthe unforgiving end to humanityyou don't talk like that, don't write like that.The older citizens fled for their lives in fear, praying to their godssafe and lifelesslike a divine hosea sickening crimsonNOI diagnose you with a Heavy Hand. Take some Dostoevsky short stories and call me in the morning.
I'm not sure if this is a genuine attempt at creative writing or shitposting but I like it.
Obvious error- a man aware of his own position in time cannot be happy.
Start off by describing why it's cozy or why it's fancy.
and she hurried on.Nice
It's pretty sincere, man. I got the idea to write about a girl I have a crush on and wanted to write about her in a romantic way at first, but then I started writing with an intention for a metaphor for every passage. I'm going to re-draft it and remove parts that I find aren't particularly interesting to read, but yeah man, it\'s completely genuine.
reposting my shitty prose, non-native speaker, looking for criticism. gonna get to critiquing in a bit although I dont think I have much to contribute, gotta do stuff for a secSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes. As time passes on they move closer with a cozy and peaceful smile on their small round faces. They sit next to you on the couch and you turn your head just a slight bit and nod politely. Over time, you feel the couch tilt ever so slighty to your new neighbours' side and as you look over, you could swear they look bigger than before. Not definitely, but perhaps slightly more voluptuous. You start to feel soft fur brushing up against your arm as they spread out to accommodate for their new size. You knew you were right. A bit disgruntled and displeased at their sudden appearance you shuffle to your end of the sofa, trying to bring just a bit of space between yourself and the three unannounced guests. You look over once more and observe the once benevolent faces turn into gruesome grimaces, watching you with a self-righteous, sly smile. Their growth is undeniable now; one of them is again brushing up against your arm. Flight is impossible. Soothing sing-song surrounds your thoughts, lulling you and tucking you into bed. They have taken control now, throning high above and looking down upon their prey, a mischievous grin spreading from ear to ear. Now it can't be long. There is no rush. Darkness engulfs you. Don't struggle. Submit.You look into the Abyss. And Jump.

i like it9/10
this is literally r/writingprompts: the post
Please don't use *BANG*.
Could a king, a prince, a duke – nay, even one of those ubiquitous invisibles who, we are led to believe, accompanies us when thinking, speaking, or acting – could even this sinless atom refrain from tainting its spotless gear with the wish of a human heart, as those grey eyes looked in bashful tenderness into the glittering jet revolvers that reflected their sparkling lustre from nave to circumference, casting a deepened brightness over the whole features of an innocent girl, and expressing, in invisible silence, the thoughts, nay, even the wish, of a fleshy triangle whose base had been bitten by order of the Bodiless Thinker.
what
Existing. The state of being. That familiar lament of hollow bell carved to questions, softly resounding across the lonely grey beaches of time. That silver vein that runs in the stricken, a slowing jolt, the persuasion of poison! How it so wistfully curls like a cobra in the contours of a cortex. A sacrifice. The altar is no longer blood stained! It is spoken and traversed and evenly distributed. Now, we walk in blood and as talk it, it winds in miniscule stalks and attaches itself to others, now we swim in it as we move, a dark treacle, now the tiny droplets in the air around us, condense our vision so even what we view is touched with the translucent taint of our sin. The laugh of a child in the forest. Softly shrill, it's brief duration dwarfed by its brilliance, a shining star in the dark hug of bark. Lost, wanderous one, but found again, where the thorns whisper and shake and the thin stalks of nettle waver, wanton, in the soporific summer breath. Here, you will dream, at last.
*knave
I think it's the best example I have as of now of what I'm trying to achieve. Posted before so yeah.Snickering now. I take his phone and start playing with its camera. The lights are still following us. I turn off the Bluetooth radio-phone connection, but manage to turn it on again.We get to a village. France stops.-I need to get my smokes.We get out after parking on a walkway, the buildings and the road look like poorer traditional German hamlets replicas but synthesis with dawn-haze and high renders them inwardly monastic-like in a way.I take a few photos, with my phone and then his. Then both together, one in front of the other. Marco and Luca are still sleeping in the back, France’s looking for a shop. He looks kind of depressed.-I think they are all closed. I think. Maybe not.-What time is it?I reflectively, to then check the phones and answer my own question.-Half past five on both, more or less.-When are they opening?-I don’t know. No connection.-Fuck.We walk around the town, which is completely shut down. Back at the car, we sit in the boot drinking a couple beers, smoking the rest of the packet. France’s cutting along the edge of a beer can with his knife.-So, you know where this house’s supposed to be?-No, I thought you knew. I thought you were driving cos you knew where the place was.-I think Marco’s the only one who knows.He puts the can, torn open now, on the edge of the boot. I snuff out the stub in it.-Then we oughta wake them up.-Let’s get the smokes before that.We settle a little deeper in the boot, comfortable on the wall of six packs watching the sun rise, wet and bloody, between the low blue mountains.
intrigues meI want to know who france is
The first sentence doesn't flow that wellSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyesThe biggest problem is when you connect the clauses "Slowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep" with "sits down in the corner". You would probably be better off just ending the sentence at "and at long last sleep". Actually now that I think about it it would be easier to replace sits with sitting, as sits is never really used singularly. Ex., you wouldn't be able to they "They sits/ We sits/ etc.. This would make your sentenceSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep; sitting down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes.Sorry this critique is so rambling, I haven't slept in like 24 hours
1.So, we like, told the guy to fuck off, right? But he didn't! Now that aggravated our Little Tommy, whose nickname wasn't ironic - Tommy was little over 5 feet, poor soul. Italian heritage, he always said, as if anyone dared to ask."The fuck you mean you won't fuck off?", Tommy asked politely. "Just so, I won't. Fuck you, Tommy."Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banter and punched the fool straight in the face. Guy didn't even flinch, like he was a boxer or something. Au contraire, like the Belgians say, he sniggered like a cunt and delivered a backhand blow that made Tommy fly a little. "Hah! Faggot!", he shouted. Tommy didn't answer, as he was bleeding internally after falling down those stairs. The whole affair took maybe less than a minute. We, that is me and Joe Fingers don't ask, didn't move at all. Not a single muscle twitched on our granite-made faces as the guy approached us with a stern look on his face. Tommy finally regained consciousness and started cursing in both English and Italian, though the latter was a bit off grammar-wise. I was to tell him that later. I didn't have a chance, though. The guy stabbed me with a shiv he produced out of his backpocket. Straight in the heart! Shit, it didn't even hurt that much, right? Instant internal hemorrhage and that. Not a bad way to die, considering. Joe Fingers don't ask shouted as I was collapsing and tried murdering the guy with his bare hands. He nearly succeeded, only his own bare hands got in the way. By the time I was dead Joe Fingers don't ask most probably shat himself out of fear, because it smelled so fucking bad. Life fucking sucks. Good thing I'm done with it.
Not bad, I find it hard to write about existence without feeling angst-ridden or pretentious, but you do a decent job at it.
Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banterAn and the are unnecessary, and disrupt flow. Consider revising to:Tommy wasn't adept at handling banterOtherwise, I enjoy the casual tone, something about that and the "don't ask" epithet kind of reminds me of DFW.
“Lock doors. Brain scan, subject Fletch, fifth run. Brain scan, subject Merrill, first run.”The two previously inactive lights set in the walnut desk fired into life, blue-tinged light projected into three dimensions, a section of sky brought down from above to rest in the air atop the desk. As suddenly as the light appeared came the models of the subjects’ brains, in what some would consider far too much detail, hovering, slowly rotating. The seat of human consciousness of these two separate individuals standing before the doctor as if presenting him with permission to stare into their being.“Show neuron activity density distinguished by lobe. At ten times speed, if you will.”The left brain slowly became an intriguing lightshow of intricately balanced neural activity, red light dashing amongst the blue, wires of human thought and action, creating a shifting bluish-pinkish glow as the stimuli experienced in the rift probed varying responses from varying areas of the brain. The density of the neural network activity seemed to be largely focused in the sensory cortex and occipital lobe, whilst the other areas of the brain were operating on reduced levels to those going about day-to-day life.
There were so many doors along this hall that I never remembered which one lead where. Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. The bathroom for example was right next to the throne room, because you never want to get lost while needing to relieve yourself. I stood at the entrance to the throne room and my mind went blank. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near. It would stay away from me though, unless I called it. Stood there looking at the ornate granite and amethyst door and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway. I used to be able to get there through a door in the throne room, but I had changed it. It had been that way for so long I had forgotten the change.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary. I didn’t have to close my eyes nor think too hard, and I arrived at the furthermost end the long walkway. I used to dash down the bridge too, but these days I didn’t want to get to the other end.
TOPKEKgood writing and flow, lol'dbritbong detected me and m80 write each other stories like thishe obvs intended that
at ten times the speed, if you willDoctors would never talk that personally to a robot, and probably not to a person, during surgery. "If you will" isn't the type of syntax used by a man controlling a machine for a task.
In Which I Call NancyAfter some degree of success in America with the sales of my most recent novel, a charming yet melancholy recollection of the events surrounding the year in which I had spent in a writer's limbo which had been diagnosed by my friend as the symptom of the dreaded yet ineffectual Continental Virus, known to my intellectual circle of acquaintances as Hemingway's Disease, I had expatriated myself from the United States and settled in the salty and sunny town of Palabras, a tiny establishment with only forty locals and a grand total of eight beach shacks, one of which I had rented for a year at the price of only a thousand American dollars. The events which followed my move were, at the least, a mildly engaging Shaggy Dog tale, which, if you were versed in the multitudes of story types, you would understand to be a wandering, plot-less, and ultimately meaningless set of occurrences which didn't seem to help any party ever at any point in time.Within my shack was a twin sized bed without a mattress, which I had thrown out after a few days as sleeping on the springs with only a sleeping bag and a bunched shirt as a pillow caused my temper to return with an overwhelming and uncontrollable fog that would cloud my judgment and cause me to react to what should have been smaller and more insignificant occurrences. I had elected that the frame should be burned and the springs returned to the city, once I could find some transportation with the only man who owned a vehicle in the town, though his insectoid sedan would only perhaps be able to carry it if the springs were somehow tied to the roof, although his car was so small that the spring set stretched farther than its length and was dangerously bent that it might touch the ground. This we found after we had attempted for a first time to take it to the city, and discovered the fiery sparks that lit up the road behind us once we reached the freeway, which had jinxed his car for what was apparently breakdown 'el segundo'. We had walked for an hour back to Palabras after that, pushing the car in neutral and creating a mess of one of the only sets of city clothing I had brought with me.1/?Cont?
Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. Really awkward phrasing. Also consider the idea that nobody really wants to read an analysis of somebody's floor layout. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near.I feel like I'd have to know more about your world to even consider this idea. I'm getting an odd fantasy vibe, which is cool, but reading a character's perceptions of a room can get mighty tedious....and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway.When a character talks to himself like this, it breaks the prosaic flow and eliminates whatever degree of interest I have in it. I'd recommend either keeping self-dialogue like this out of the story, or finding another way to expose the character's feelings about himself.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary.One, this sentence is boring and hardly contributes to the story outside of telling me that the character is thinking about something I give absolutely no shits about, and two, making an object a proper noun like this screams of B rate science fiction and fantasy. It's very YA, which makes it disgusting.I hope this makes sense.
I was already going to eliminate that, so if it's the worst thing in that passage, I'm happy.
That's not my writing :^
Elia drifted off while his two companions continued discussing the upcoming conflict. He was listening to the chirping of the grasshoppers hiding in the tussock and sucked the warm dry air through his teeth. With sun right above his head he tread the soft ground lost in sweet absentness. "Yove...how does it feel to kill a man?" he heard Tomyan ask. "It doesn't feel any different. That's the worst part." "How do you mean that?" "I don't know. I...I always expected it to be something...other, something that leaves a mark. But then, it's there, and it doesn't feel any different from working on a field, eating a corn-stew, telling jokes with your companions or shagging a woman. I realized that you always hope that those things and killing someone are from two separate worlds - that they're different. It's a fucking kick in the guts when you find out they don't." Elia caught Yove glance wistfully back from where they came. It was just for a flash of a second, but he saw the muscles on the chin of the tall rugged man tighten. "Though," said Yove with his eyes bolting away. "Kick in the guts is just what one needs sometimes." Elia himself turned around to look at the vertical forest one last time. Now, from the distance, it seemed like an impenetrable wall, a solid object when he squinted his eyes. It looked quite alien, emerging out of the grassy plains where except for few scattered thickets here and there seldom grew trees. Elia bid goodbye to that strange place and to the fading memory of its peculiar denizen, whoever she was.
Gira looked like the kind of man a top-rate college vomited out after some bullshit degree in transcendental theory or something, she recalled meeting a man with a similar sort of look a few years ago, pompous I-know-something-you-don’t-know types who walk around with a lack of spacial awareness owing to the depth of arse their heads are tucked into. If this was the future of the free human race he surely didn’t meet the spec, in fact, he was the opposite of the spec, an antithesis of human opportunity hiding behind a full-body-suit of apparent mediocrity, almost bursting at the seams with contempt for the human condition.
This is pretty decent man. I think I would prefer a little more structure, or maybe it's just the content/topics you are addressing in the lines, but it feels like it's missing a little something. I'm not much of a critic, though, I do appreciate it.
Comments about this?Maybe it was too purple?
I don't think it's too purple, it has the obstructive and narcissistic flow of a soliloquy, as if at the end of every sentence the person were asked another question and in response burst back into poetry.If you don't mind, can you take a look at this:The heat death of the singular being; a fate to aspire to. Someone somewhere was smoking a cigarette, else a fire was burning inside his own brain, stocked with beechwood and overprocessed tobacco, maybe jasmine too. Far removed from burnt toast which was some succour. The weight of a dozen motorcycles would do well to produce and effect this drastic. Deep thought was all that could be managed and all that could be deeply thought about was the unending uselessness he was encountering in this moment. Dull light permeated his eyelids from the sconce hung off of the wall behind the couch, the end of a tunnel finally approaching after a petrifying journey on rails through oblivion. Deep ruts cut across the glistening chocolate expanse above his eyes. Hours passed. People were born and people had died. Marriages were made and broken. Gira opened his eyes.The room was quiet, he was alone, though he had not been alone for long. The shutter was locked in place and he could not see any noticeable means of opening it from where he lay. Someone somewhere smoked a cigarette. Doc was in a dense span of clutter, an asymmetric and unorganised area of beer bottles and metal bins and industrial chains and works of art and works of lesser art and cigarette butts and bloodstains and rotting something-or-other. Unidentifiable odours combining edibles and non-edibles drifted through the room and out some sort of ventilation the man had yet to spot.
I think it's ok overall, but a few parts could be expressed in a different wayof the singular beingelse a fire was...which was some succourDeep thought ... deeply thoughtI suppose is the first part of a longer work? I don't think it can stand on its own.
I'm rather fond of the opening line.I need to change the word succour, it doesn't work in that sentence, I know.Deep thought to deeply thought is my writing preference, but I can understand your objection.It's two paragraphs taken from the middle of the fifth chapter. It definitely isn't meant to stand on its own.Thanks for the feedback.
She came in a dream first. Rich saw her face. When he laid her in the crib after the long hospital night he knew they would be all right. She was beautiful - so pale and smooth, eye like in his dream. Rich loved her. Emily loved her too.  He was enamored at her perfection. “Daisy. My Daisy,” Rich liked to say as he peered down into the crib. He counted her toes before he tucked her in at night, every night - he had to make sure none went missing while he was at the refinery. After that he showered and collapsed in front of his lukewarm pasta he popped a beer and looked at Emily. She finished scrubbing her plate and turned to him, hands on her hips. “You always wash your hands before you touch her.”  “Always,” Rich said. “What about me?” Rich starred at his food.  “It’s cold “We had plans.” Emily continued, “I’m not sure where we went wrong.” Rich got up and slid his arms around her waist and played with some threads that fell from her blouse. “We didn’t. Don’t worry. We’ll get there. We have to work on it.” She brushed him back, “I need to finish the dishes.” Rich grabbed his beer off the table and walked out to the living room, “I’ll work on it honey, don’t worry.”Daisy grew too slow for Rich. He wanted her to walk after eight months. Rich held her up by her arms and asked her to walk, sometimes he moved her legs with his hands - hoped that they stayed up straight. “Walk,” he said, “come on Daisy. Daisy. Walk honey. Come on.” Daisy just smiled and slumped back down into her crib.***Years before, Rich and Emily nuzzled close in the back roads and fields of their dying farm town. They stretched out underneath in the stars and planned their future in the wilting corn stocks. Emily liked that image. It felt comfortable, the young couple in the field twisting their own lullabies until the owl’s disappeared into the sun that peaked from beyond the grain silos. Rich promised something better, promised they would find somewhere better. “I’m just not sure Rich,” Emily said, “it’s not all as easy as that.” She brushed the strands of bangs from her eyes and sat up against the back up the truck bed. He stayed very still. An airplane blinked in the cloudless sky. He tracked it until all he could see was the faint yellow glimmer from downtown above the trees.
extract of my WIP novel:“Commercial stance coaching is my specialty, but I’m pretty sure I would have been anextraordinary success at whatever I’d decided to turn my hand to. I could’ve been that Liberace cat, for example. I didn’t have the hair though, unfortunately. This? Nah, they took this from my butt cheeks and glued it in. If you look closely you can see my scalp is continually leakinginfected sebum, see? No, I don’t blame you; the stench when you get up close is beyond human comprehension. Anyway, that’s eleven grand I won’t be seeing again. So, I didn’t really havethe hair to be Liberace. Or the rhinestones, I guess. A piano would’ve helped, and maybe a few lessons. Take those out of the equation and I could be as dead as that fat faggot right now, with my own mausoleum and everything.”more here:
You look down at her face and realize it's gone from very red to very pale. She is limp. You've killed her, you idiot. Choked her to death.You roll off of her and lay panting on your back for a while, numb. Waves slowly begin crashing in your gut. Supreme ecstasy, like a blazing fire. Then a long cold column of fear and anxiety. They melt and freeze and wage war upon each other for eternity.You've killed her. She's dead. This being no longer exists. You hazily recall her laugh and the way she moaned. Ice stabs you again. You should have been more careful, you bastard. But what can you do now? Remorse for your sins later, you've got to take care of this.You roll her up in the sheets tightly and fold her up best you can into a large suitcase you had brought with you. You shove the few actual belongings you brought into another small bag. You get dressed quickly and intend to make haste for the door. You pause, however, caught by a flash of heat. You stare at the large suitcase at your feet. Your face is hot and you're sure you're red. Why deny yourself? You bring your leg back and kick the suitcase as hard as you can, sending it slamming against the wall. A small moan emits. Light and strained, but definitely there. Shocked, your hands clam a bit. She's alive? You silently scold yourself for not diagnosing her correctly, but the seriousness is quickly sliced with humor. You can't help but laugh. She's alive? What a resilient little cockroach. You slam your foot into the bag once again, and sure enough another whimper escapes.
early flash-fic i wroteHer home is old, its ceilings are high. Her bed, a lounge and a coffee table make a clustered living room floor. She doesn’t leave her house much anymore. There is a phantom that rents an unused room from her, that torments her from the shadows of the night. She seems to live two lives –  that she can’t understand, that she cannot control.She always wakes with a start – hears the echo of a door slamming – her phantom has left for the day. She knows, from the way it slams the door, from the stale tobacco air, the havoc it has wrecked, the desolation it has left behind. She can feel its rage as though it was her own. Her spine arches beneath thin skin. The lounge is covered in harsh material that scratches her. She moves an ashtray and a glass, stained with red wine and lipstick, out-of-sight. She folds her legs and her arms to hide her nudity: she is gripped by humility – or shame – and feels overexposed to her phantom. She feels raw.It destroys her a little more each night, destroys her little world; it doesn’t even wake her up anymore. She studies the debris her phantom has left behind, reads letter fragments, repacks boxes; smooths out photographs against her bare thigh, slides them between the pages of heavy books. She has tears in her eyes.She storms about her house – throws back doors and draws curtains – tossing sheets and pillows and shirts off the rack in frantic exorcism.Fire burns her lungs, as her wild screams try in vain to form the sound of her phantoms name.Anguish overcomes her; like standing in an ocean, being swept away by waves of guilt and blame.She sits on her lounge, with her face buried in her hands, and lets out a tiny sigh and a tremor.She lights a cigarette and promises to keep her eyes open a little longer tonight.When her phantom returns, she will ask it to leave her alone. She’s very tired you see – and no longer wants to wake up to such a mess, in such a large, lonely house.
Once upon a time: shit happened. The end.implying brevity isn't a stylistic choice
chapter title: No offence, Nakamura  “Gentlemen, good morning. Roscoe, unless you want me to hook your screen up to theprojector again, I suggest you turn that goddamn phone off. Now, a question that I have asked myself several times over the years is this: how do we select senior executives at Piccolo Industries? I always arrive at the same answer: very, very badly. Assembled in this room, myself and to some extent Sal excluded, is one of the least talented groups of people outside ofCalifornia. If any one of you, right now, in a depressingly rare moment of informed inspiration, finally grew a pair of balls and crammed a grenade up his educationally-subnormal ass, taking thewhole sorry bunch of you with him to whatever squalid misery hole the Devil reserves for fatsuburban degenerates who die in such a manner having squandered every undeservedopportunity life has, presumably as part of some grand cosmic prank beyond my comprehension, presented to them, our share price would double instantly and I could finallyafford to pay off that lousy Arab fuck who says I felt up his retard daughter at that Unsung Heroes Awards fiasco. As if, Jesus! And we’d be able to hire a brand new management teamwithout going through the whole fuck-knows-why-so prohibitively expensive process of firing you hopeless pricks. A new team full of energy and ideas, a bunch of whip-smart Yale chicks with tits like the Hindenburg – before it crashed, obviously, a team that could finally show thoseslant-eyed little fucks at Imperial Jap Metric that Piccolo Industries is still able to kick their yellow asses all the way back to Naga-fucking-saki. No offence, Nakamura.” “None taken sir.”more: 
Novella about a detached loser who is obsessed with empty rooms and becomes estranged from his family and loved ones. I've gotten stuck, though I have an outline, and I also have trouble expanding on what I have. Tips for the latter?The air does not move. It is not frozen, it has just stopped. Projects unfinished will never receive their rest nor their purpose. An antique rotary saw hulks on the central island of the workshop. A scrawny yellow pencil lies beside it and a lone playing card and a table of measurements and a bolt. A few feet on either hand of the island, sunken into the muggy unstirred warmth, are lined tools above cabinets stuffed with even more tools. You cannot imagine that all of them were given their own time and you're probably right about that. The old man who once huddled in here, wearing a blue cap logoed by the fishing company he retired from and a striped linen shirt, digits slow and patient, repaired a lot of things before he left. Swings. A boat. He cut a tree down. But no, he probably never used the wrench two rows from the top, dead center. The last time his widow came into the workshop was three weeks ago; a neighbor stopped by and asked for a drill. The prints she left in the scattered trails of dust and saw-shavings will be here a while.In a month it will be July, and visiting relatives will step inside the silent shop to dig around for a loose hammer they need to hammer away with. The artifacts will sigh for the attention, and the lone inhabiting roach will make himself scarce. One grandchild will say "Gawr, he had enough stuff yeah?" A busy son will duck the sense of eeriness and reply with an unengaged "Sure did." A different grandson will think back to these objects' former owner, and how he wouldn't care for the way his boy's boy turned out - effeminate and naive.Then the door will shut, opening the shop back into dim light, rain drops, mold, recollections, and expectations.
Going there wasn’t the problem; the issue was he wasn’t ready. The Burderhayme Inn was too close for what day it was on the calendar, and he couldn’t seem to turn the car around. He’d put in inhuman effort to turn the wheel in fact, but with a pair of socks shoved down his throat and pair of silver plated steel handcuffs snugged very tight on his wrists and his legs hogtied from 3 hours before, he was basically a piece of ham thrown in the back of the SUV. Tyler, the fat smelly one, had been the one who arsed up his legs with the rope when they’d managed to drug him and then drag him through the diner parking lot across from VALUE-DISCOUNT-MART and put him in the vehicle. He was stuck. He had nothing to do now but lay quietly and think about what was going to happen.'Think happy thoughts' he thought as he tasted the sweaty socks his mouth. He made an involuntary retching sound. “ergh...ak.”He heard a large thing in front of him croaking and assumed it was a laugh... then there was a fart. Tyler. “You comfy back there, Bellack?” Tyler was trying to speak to him when he was gagged. Didn’t the idiot realize he couldn’t talk right now? Bellack glared at the back of his blindfold, hoping his stare could wither while covered up. Tyler chuckled in front of him, then burped. “You’re disgusting, Tyson.” The driver: a large black man with an expensive watch was all he had seen before he’d been bound. The driver kept getting Tyler’s name wrong. “I should have put you in the back with him so you don’t kill me with your breath.” “Fuck you, M! Hahaha-” Tyler stopped laughing to gurgle another burp out. “It’s that shitty diner Bellack likes. They put too much butter on the eggs. And you’re just smelling your own breath! Haha.”“You asked for extra butter. Twice. You even grabbed the girl’s arm to tell her extra butter on the eggs.” The driver had some sense. Thank God, Bellack thought. If the driver was still alive in 7 hours Bellack might just buy him dinner at that diner. All as a favor. No business this time. Another burp. “Yeah but they put too much butter on. It wasn’t just extra, it was a whole gob of butter."
If it makes it any less gay, it's a period piece, not fantasy.Galloping broke the silence of the Forêt de Haye. The beats of hooves charging throughout were as dense and fast as the empty winter trees which the riders passed. Jean thought it an appropriate place to take flight, through the withered limbs and wilted trunks that had lived through the worst of the frosts. Appropriate, as they seemed mutually forlorn; neither quite dead yet, but as close as they've came to it, with the barest chance of seeing spring. He rode in close quarters with his Prince, staring at the back of his head as he rode without hesitation. Jean sensed how tense he was, almost unmoving but for the motion of his mount, ducked down low as if trying to keep out of sight, with a profile similar to the caparisoned dogs sprinting adjacent; his tail between his legs, embarrassed. The Prince held his sword in an ungauntleted right fist, but it would do little good now. There was no chance this flight would go unnoticed by their foes. Still, there was reassurance in their quietness. While still the only noise came from their train, it was somewhat muffled underfoot by the snow-laden path, after it had fallen through the sparse canopy overhead. Flanked by the remaining honor guard, their closeness felt stifling to Jean. He was just an ensign, carrying the few remaining banners, looking out meekly under his half-up visor, aware of how his responsibility for his own life was superseded by that of these cloths which flicked against his horse's neck. Riding in the centre, he darted his eyes to either side, noting that both flanking riders also stared at their Prince silently, respectfully. Though both of their faces calmly belied what they must be feeling, their horses made up for it. Frothing at the mouth, their expressions crazed and eyes wild, as if their riders were more bridled than they were. Further back in the train however, the Prince's reception was less than humble. The hushed whispers of curiosity which came from its party lacked the solemnity of the vanguard. Jean could see from the corner of his eye, a herald to his right staring back sternly in an attempt to silence them. He felt congruous with the herald's sentiment, though not for the sake of attempting to stay hidden, but because it ruined the mood.
Hill thought he could trick a god, and so he prayed each night by his bedside. In this time he filled his mind with words he thought were words of prayer, of Father and Lord, in as many languages as he knew. Padré, Pére, hear me, please, mercy, merci. Any god would hear these words, when said god was scanning through the minds of the masses, and think Hill was a pious man. There are many pious men, and Hill would just chameleon among their ranks, falsely devout. If there was a god. If not, Hill had just practiced mindful thought for some minutes before bed. Honestly, he saw no detriment to his prayers, and said them, thought them, perhaps more earnestly than any other.In this time, the mind behind his mind would wander, his upper mind transfixed, but his lower freed. Great God upper would think, and lower would explore some other path. If Hill himself didn’t know of his lower mind, then god couldn’t either — and so he found solace and gave his subconscious full freedom.Every so often, more so on nights with shooting stars or a crescent moon like a blade, Hill’s lower mind would follow the same path as his upper mind. His upper mind would say, Great and Almighty, then, I am true to your word, and his lower mind would fill the gaps between, such as with, Please accept that I am —. Great and Almighty please accept that I am true to your word, and accept, please God, that I have changed, that I am changed. Times like these, Hill could stay up for hours as if in a trance. The night would carry on without him, and he would transcend. His lower mind would throw him though, stutter, and the upper would finish the prayer, and the lower would start considering all the things Hill needed to do before going to bed: put jacket on door handle, teeth, readjust his bedsheets.A knock on the door each morning was the modern rooster. Donna intended the knock to be the wake-up call, but Hill was always awake beforehand — brushed hair, clean breathe, eaten — as to not be caught unaware.‘Nice sleep last night,’ she clicked her the tip of her sneakers on the floor mat, it’s muffled, ‘nice awake to-day,’ she laughs, she bares her teeth like a hyena.‘How are you so peppy every morning. I can’t even,’ Hill emphasises à la Donna, ‘comprehend.’ ‘The day’s only what you make of it.’Years ago, Hill would have done this: He would have closed the door on her, maybe even politely — though not in a way to suggest compassion — waved her off first. At this time in his life his lower mind was devout in it’s love of a god, and his upper mind professed that this god was himself. And at night when the town was asleep, he’d have crept into her house and stabbed her. Hill revelled in his shows of faith, and thought of them as service to himself. He alone was full of grace, and murder, no reason to not put it bluntly, murder was his means of conversion. All the dead were his matyrs.
All of you could add some critiques too
Men prose. Interesting subject matter though
Maybe we're going to, asshat. But when whiny faggerts come on like durwp r u gona review tho it makes me want to just set myself on fire. I dunno why I'm so annoyed with you trying to tell me what to do; like dude I was gonna, get off my leaf. but now my leaf is all wet because some faggert came and shit on it. Anyway I'm just gonna say you're a nerd bird and leave it at that.
asshatdurwprugonathodunnodon't do this
Thanks, man. I just got to writing about a girl I like and thought it'd be interesting if I wrote about the guy as if he was so unable to function around her,. I've written more since then and I've kinda let myself flow freely a bit as each passage seems to delve into metaphors about war, childhood games, and this metaphor of jazz music/organised business just to explain how well-read and articulated her language is. I should probably write a detailed structured outline before i take it any further but I'm glad you like it, man. It must be doing something that makes it enjoyable, despite how self-indulgent it is haha

"The thought just jumped out of my head mid-sentence," and it did, that energized jackrabbit of a hippity-hoppity thought. "You're gonna be forced to make assumptions." He just assumed that class would be over with in about two hours and that once he got home there would be a lengthy margin of free time, of empty space till dusk, that would be filled with no more than soft sounding breath. Maybe he would actually go on that run that he's been postponing for longer than his memory could comfortably hold, handle, revisit like the alley behind his childhood home. But now, looking around at roughly 42 young, mainly white faces centered around one old, resting expressionless, distant and masked, he thought about his elevator pitch, in all its descent. Survival still? composed of a totally environmentally friendly plastic called–and here we're winging it, fabricating–polyurethanated ester, meant for starved 3rd world children, no, first aid kits? Yeah? Sure, incubating for fifteen minutes, enough time to be famous, that's enough for gestating a worldwide conceptual business venture even if its just for a class, right? No, let's keep it rhetorical. America: land of saccharine bombast and shameless exposition; I don't mind it here. I? Let's pretend we're one and/in the same. "Oh, I have a handout for you," she interrupts herself; revolves round the room; passes and says 'you're welcome' with a nearly imperceptible but genuine enough smile. The sound of fingers sliding down sheets of paper, rustling and rearranging drizzles down onto the room. "Your actual state could go down." But this is all he catches, tuning in momentarily, as he disregards the irrelevant, ungraded assignment the other students appear to pay attention to while he writes, listlessly, this slice of life the English language has yet to have seen. Novel, terribly original, please reckon me thee's thoughts, sheetless cots in log cabins settled somewhere outside of Medina, in Kentucky. John Wayne Gacy killed 33 children.
Dredge the ransacked sediment up from the sulfuric swamp bed, fling it like monkey turds. But wait before you do, and taste the damp dirt caked on your hands, savor it like your last birthday cake. Smell the manure, ignite the roses. Fling, chuck harder than a mango at Peru, faster than a Von Neumann brain or the exodus to lunch during middle school. Flee from your former thoughts and plummet into the moment. So he did, right as Dave was reaching the cathartic climax of his eulogy, in the retelling of apocrypha. With an unzipped ziplock bag resting on his lap, he packed the grime between his hands and knees and threw the first paddy at Dave's detestable face. The crowd turned and gasped, for the lack of a better word, flabbergasted, incapable of computing the gesture. He then threw the second, shouting: "fuck you, you cheating, lying piece of shit. I hope you rot in Hell!" Within seconds, two imposing security guards had him by the shoulders and were escorting him out of the funeral parlor and off the premises. The day was lukewarm, colorless and overcast. He looked back at the cemetery grounds, then got in his car and drove off without regard for his muddied steering wheel and reputation.
At precisely 6:44:00am, two things happened. The first beam from the top limb of the rising sun shone right into my eyes through a distant stand of dying juvenile elm trees. And the millet border around the eleven acre rectangle of flyover state clods littered with fresh-dead sunflower stalks erupted with shotgun fire.By 8, I had my fifteen doves, and had learned that there is subtle difference between the faded ear ringing induced by a gross of shotguns going off on all sides, and the white noise hiss of thousands of bird shot pellets raining down on brush and puddles. I had taken pellets to the head, bounced off my hat, my arms, bounced off my Carhartt, and legs, bounced off my camo. The ones that hit my hands really smarted. But they didn't break the skin.The dog fell asleep in the back seat on Route 44 around 9:30. The welts were all gone by the four-way south of town. All I could think of was: Does that count as being shot?
I like it. I am not one to comment on grammar or structure as I am pretty new, but this definitely drew me on. Gave me a new immediate feeling of who the protagonist was as a person.
*an immediateI'm on my phone
this threadnone of you will ever be successful writers
 implying I'm not already publishedBut that's cool, nothing's more productive than shitposting online.
Tide brought an empty ship, gifted from sea to land. The ship had sailed sail-less through waters calm unbroken between Plymouth, England 1885 to Cape Cod, Massachusetts 1902. They explained the oar-less-ness of the voyage with intercontinental currents and the sailor-less-ness with mass suicide - which was by all accounts save that of the sailors completely accurate.But people will talk, won't they?
publishedamazon isn't a publisher anon
first sentence is shit. if you want to write verisimilitude that people care build a time machine, go to exactly 6:30:72 AM Sunday 15/12/1895 and publish a book cause it hasnt been relevent since then.the rest is pretty good."By 8, I had my fifteen doves, and had learned that there is subtle difference between the faded ear ringing induced by a gross of shotguns going off on all sides, and the white noise hiss of thousands of bird shot pellets raining down on brush and puddles" is great
How about Penguin Random House, my friend.I get my connections on LinkedIn hooked up.
Always open to reviews 
I was sincere: I do not know exactly what is love, but although I do not know him, I must say that it seems a primordial error of our philosophers to recognize only the soul as its mother; only the spirit as his father, denying to the body and any slice and piece of his paternity, as if he was at best a distant uncle, shy and sterile. It’s our body just a mountain range of muscles, with occasional showers of sweat, with a loud echo cave called stomach, swamps of tubular fungi called intestines and burning boilers in the private parts below? Is the brain a simple spongy cloud of tempests, the skin a blanket of grass, the heart a nucleus of bubbling lava? Is our body a mere mountain of meat in which lies hidden the immaculate and bright jewel of the soul? After all, what is the soul? Does she have smell? No. Does she have taste? No. Maybe she has texture? Why, in the same way that the fog has texture. What about the voice: is thought the voice of the soul? Is she a kind of small crystal gnat trapped in the colossus of mud and dust of our gross human body, within which it lies, whispering its will? Unlikely. So, gentlemen, why this ghost, this specter, gets all the credit for all that is beautiful in us humans, whereas our bodies, that are always with us yes , our bodies abandon us only once are called servants of addiction, unclean dolls, meat cooked in dirt, pigs smeared with sin? Must the glory of nature be called a marionette of muddy rags, an incarnated sewage? That would be an injustice: if we celebrate the cold mosque of the soul, why not also celebrate the carnival of bodily heat? When something is good for us, and we wish this something to be seen with the paints of superiority, we say we love it, but never use the name of pleasure, being this name something crude, something bodily, something dirty. And yet, it’s not love the child of pleasure? When, still newborns, we suck the motherly breast, do we not do so because it’s good, because it’s pleasurable? And, on the deathbed, when we cover our dying bodies - that feel cold - with blankets, do we not so because warmth is good and pleasurable? Why we live with the people we love? Why, because it’s good. Pleasure, gentlemen, is the one who pulls us through our nose with his sugary finger through the road of life. But how do we feel that something is pleasurable? Well, thorough this walking radar: our body. Sensitive as the viscous antennas of the snail is our skin. How then can we know that we really love something? Why, by reading the language of our bodies. So, gentlemen, long life to our bodies, because we can only love while still having them.
Easy there, Spinoza. But I like it a lot. It has a somewhat alchemic feel, like an excerpt of a conference of eudemonologists and natural philosophers in a well-furnished cellar. Would read more. A lot more, if framed appropriately.My stuff:-Plague songs starting early today.She doesn’t answer. A low distant wailing filters through the darkened glass panes of the window, rising and dipping with the broken voices of the singers. He stares at the small black circle that is the sun gradually sinking into the skyline.-Why do you think they do that.-I guess it’s the pain.She without raising her eyes from the floor.-Why only at night then.She shrugging now.-Why should there be a reason besides chance.He looks at her for moment, a dark shape hunched on the carpet in front of a turned off television. Darker than the blocked out sun, he thinks. The buildings outside in the blossoming night are corpselike and illuminated. Beyond them he remembers slums and barren highways, or their suggestion carried by the wind.She moves clumsily in the dim unlight of the room.-Are you coming to bed now?- They may need me at the hospital later. We heard of an outbreak a couple of days ago.He looks at her reflection in the window, barely visible and pierced by inward lights. Keeps talking.-Ought to be hitting our zone now.-Maybe you can come to bed just for a bit.Humanity and warmth in these words, unsaid, hovering at the edge of understanding. He shifts on the chair, a few inches.-I’d wake you.-You’ll do when you came back.The bedroom door clicks closed. There are no stars in the sky. Some of the higher condo lights look the part.
“You’re…from the bike” Doc managed, feeling a little sense return, both literally and figuratively. He nodded as a sign of gratitude, though he still did not know what he was gracious of, or what he was to do. Gira spotted Small leaving the room, and upon leaving noticed he was speaking to himself: “One more unto the breach…” as close as he could make out.“Are you ok to move?” Mel was down on one knee looking up at the man still cradling his head as he sat edging the sofa. “This room’s not heated is all, once it gets dark out it’s best we get you into one of the dorms or something. We can save the guided tour for tomorrow once you’re feeling a little more up to it. I’m sure you can guess sort of what this place is like though right?” She was supposing he’d at least heard of them in his line of work…and supposing his line of work was something which took him to the investigatory extremes within information culture.Gira nodded plaintively. Psychological anguish had surpassed any symptoms of physicality, but he knew there would be some good news around the corner, he couldn’t possibly be so far removed from the karmic forces of the universe that he were to suffer further. The doc tried to stand atop two disintegrating masts of unresponsive flesh, he was caught by Mel.“Easy.” This guy’s hopeless. “I can try and get you through the breach and into the dorms, but you’re going to have to help me a little Gira.” Every footfall was a dire effort, Doc’s legs weren’t exactly helping her along, and she was succumbing to a similar mental breakdown after today’s events.“Hey Mel!” She heard Jenkins shout as she hobbled into the room, Doc limping uselessly along suspended by her frame. “I didn’t know you got a cock under there. News here says two men fled the police station on that bike-a yours.” He laughed to himself and spun on his chair, the many shadows cast from a great mess of interweaved monitors sporting wildly different displays rotating seamlessly into one another as if entombed in an interminable waltz.“I’ve never been obliged to take it out where you could see it o’course. Though I’d be happy enough to get it out for you if you’re on your knees.” She shot him a mocking smile and flipped him off with her free hand. In response Jenkins brought his hand to his chest and gasped in mock offense at the lewd comment and gesture.“Girl you don’t need to be fresh with me, you know if the opportunity presented itself I’d get on my knees for you any day.” He winked and spun back to the monitors to continue working. He was playing solitaire.
-So you say you saw some sort of demon? -I believe I did, Doc. -Describe what you felt when you saw this demon. -Doc, do you ever get that feeling? When you know, you break something, someone you know dies, or someone finds out you've been lying to them all those years, and in an instant this feeling washes over you like a tsunami of pure emptiness and desolation. The weight you were carrying on your back gets a little more heavier, a few muscles in your upper body begin to sort of twitch or contract, you perspire heavily, there's dark wet spots right where your armpits are, your eyes start to feel like glass and when you close them the feeling fails to go away, your face gets flushed with the shade of red only found in the most ripe of tomatoes, you begin to ask yourself if the room got hot or is it just you and you run to the air conditioner to check and the air conditioners just fine running like it normally does and then the thunder and lightning goes on outside as if God were hosting a drum circle then the room is no longer stationary and it starts spinning and spinning and spinning until you just can’t take it anymore and run out of the house and you put your knees down on the wet concrete the rain beating down relentlessly on your body cooling you down and you let out a scream for someone, please someone wake me up from the horrible nightmare i have slipped into oh please God forgive me for i have sinned and you decide to lie down on the cold wet ground shed a few tears then go back inside take a shower and lie on your bed until the storm comes to pass. Do you ever get that feeling? -And what do you call that feeling? -Fear.
Sam soaped his body over twice before stepping under the showerhead to wash white skin. Through a broken window, pigeons could be seen wandering across tarred shingles pecking at pebbled bits of asbestos. His legs, his feet, his hair, and of course, the space behind his ears, went always unwashed. Between steam and lost water, he thought, my body cannot help but be cleaned.  Neighbors were gathered in the street, rapt with discussion, gravitating towards each other to form proportionate groups of speculation. This chance encounter of collectivity, this flash of excitement, this public sense of emergency produced a festive environment. They all became anglers of speculation. Brave men and women sacrificed their distance, stepping forward onto dead grass, focusing all their attention on the sonic eruptions bursting from the Ellman house to gain understanding, to be the one who heard and knows now, to play as taletellers privy to others thoughts lost in circumstances of shock. Even yards from the front door, however, few words could be comprehended. The enthralling moment of commonality, us and them, the ecstatic struggle to turn trauma to tragedy, “we are all so awfully concerned you know,” and we must give each other something if nothing true can be found. “I heard Lisa banging on a door in there…. ooh Sam might have locked himself in the computer room…. well I heard the shower running, but I’m sure he can hear her… she’ll break down the door at this rate I heard that banging from around the block…. its just horrible what happened to Evie… can’t imagine what they must be going through… god knows how Lisa must feel with Tom’s behavior… you can be sure he hasn’t changed … and I thought Sam had been doing well since he came home… its all so tragic.” The street was humming with activity, acute consciousness, luminescent, visible from space, these creatures who divide themselves between cretin, king, and simple silent savage love to suffer, loving each other, suffering, lovely energy. Shallow piles of glass were scattered on shingles near the window on the roof, where dark spots of moisture could be traced to thin hues of blood; they collected themselves on residual shards of safety glass, made misty by the thundering showerhead inside.
DocThat's a little personal, isn't it? Unless the character is a blue-collar dumbfuck which, looking at the syntax, I can tell it's not I'd drop that.
I posted this under the assumption that Doc referred to an actual Doctor. Disregard if that's incorrect.
Easy there, Spinoza.Thank you for your kind words :But don’t worry: I don’t actually have that view of life. This is from a scene where several characters are making speeches about love, and this character is one of the earthiest and more crude of them all although he is also learned, since he worked in a library for some time and read quite a lot.As for my own personal views of love and pleasure, I don’t have them. I guess that I generally go with the things that science tells us about neurochemistry and all of that, but I don’t have any significant view of life I don’t think I am smart enough to actually have firm and immutable believes. I liked your piece: very natural and with a nice flow. I liked the sudden and unexpected descriptions like the buildings as corpses. The simple line: “Maybe you can come to bed just for a bit.” Is the first thing that grabbed my attention. Very humane, very life-like.What’s your story about?
in the story, the Doc hes referring to is a psychoanalyst brought in to see if hes alright in the head. its an out of context part, and i mainly posted it because of the description of fear
Ah, my words were deserved. I may have been a tad too purple in my praise, but I'll chalk that up to my reading Dracula and Spinoza recently even though, again, it reminded me of something an unothodox academic such as Van Helsing would say. I take it's a piece from a book? Because if that's representative of its quality, I'd really love to read it one day or the other - that is to say, for you to get published.My piece is just some improvised flash fiction I wrote to quickly sketch a relationship on the backdrop of some unspecified, dark future megalopolis. A gut reaction to the fact that apparently no one wants to write science fiction dealing with something other than action and explosions and aliens. I should expand on the idea probably, but I don't know how.
I take it's a piece from a book?Yeah, this excerpt comes from a play that I wrote a comedy in 5 acts, in blank verse, rhymed verse and prose: some sort of pseudo-imitation of Shakespeare. It was published in 2014, but till now I only know that one or two friends and relatives have read parts of the thing.The problem is that the original is in Portuguese, and the majority of /lit/ users don’t know the language not that I am blaming them: Portuguese is still very marginal in the world, but if we got lucky it might become more important in years to come.
It was published in 2014tell us the name
So you're working on an english translation? Cos I'll admit, I'm itching to read it.Even though I'm Italian and I could probably blunder my way through the original.
France is a cool name, jealous
Well, I was always afraid of naming it here, but since I have already given the name of the book to some Brazilian anons my anonymity is already compromised.The name of the book is “Um Hino ao Vazio”, in English it would be “An Hymn to Emptiness”.But don’t you guys build expectations about it: it is not a big deal. So far I haven’t got any criticism or appreciation: it is like if the work did not even exist and to be frank, my talent is very limited. I am afraid that you would probably be disappointed.Here is the thing:
From what I can brute-force out of the blurb, it really sounds incredibly good. All the praise may start to sound inauthentic but no, I'm serious. Looks like you may be one of the people on /lit/ with actual talent.If you do manage to publish it in English - or finish the translation, really, do let us know. I'd buy a copy immediatly.And yes, maybe we're over-hyping it, but I'd be willing, as I said, to buy it and check it out.
Any chance of getting a critique on this?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
Started today"Hearken, Son of Sun, from fiery loins of emperors and kings. Closer, I habban no mouth with which to shouten; ewoer heart hearens me. Ye habban no guard or guide, but me.""What ancient accent." The young prince in a coral red cape stepped to a glass cabinet. Within it a crescent moon knife forged from two crossed steel crescents, its handle encrusted with diamonds. "I have guards, but hide from them. They hover around me tight and block out air.""Ye habben changed like this kingdom holding me hostage. It spoke a glorious guttural growl but is now Glorious Korno only in name. Still I prayed a ruler of Umen Empire would still speak as old.""Umen’s not been an empire in many years and generations.""I know, having bore witness to its fall. Ransacked and pillaged, its treasures boxed in chests and brought here where I languish polished on display for enemies to stare at.""You're from Umen? Being here all these years, you must know Umen and Glorious Korno have formed allegiance, you've no enemies.""Lies. Have you been stolen, too? Has Umen been destroyed and its king archived away with me?""You demented rusted weapon, stop calling me a king. I am Prince Nushi of Umen.” The prince in red bowed. “Umen yet flourishes. Our court philosophers believe there’s never been such unity in all its land. Our economists believe we've never been wealthier. Oracles sing of seven thousand years of peace under my family's reign.""You will reign? As future king, never believe inane blithering of oracles, from whom philosophers and economists bear little distinction. You need me, forged to serve emperors and kings of Umen; I am thine. Taken me to reunite with my twin.”"Your twin?""Crescent moon blades are forged in pairs. Each with seven edges and brilliant handle, blade which doubles as a shield, but I am worthless without my twin.""Where is it?" The prince gazed into nearby displays."Umen, she was taken from me, hidden away where no mortal could plunder. There she will be, there we must go. You will take me, and our powers united will rival any foe of any world. For when she shields you, I will stab. When I drag spears from your foe’s grip, she will slash. When wielded alone, we are awkward talons. When wielded together, by hand of a king, you will dance around any fighter in all our world. Poets shall sing of your finesse in close combat.""I couldn't leave this place with you. There are too many guards. Too many unfamiliar halls.""I have a witchcraft that will make you a flicker of light on wind. Though I lay on damask over steel, speak my name. Within its incantation hides a powerful bond that will shatter any metal or stone to unite us. No man alive has heard or spoken it, but now I have a King’s ear as I was forged to guide them alone.""Speak it, then, and we’ll leave Glorious Korno. I’ll take your handle and appreciate it. Take you to Umen and wield you to and through my reign when it comes. Speak your name.""Reza!"
Butchers, bakers, candlestick assembly line workers, all selling their life for an hourly fee. That's society. So in a way we're all prostitutes, and that's true whether you work as an IT consultant or a bus driver, or in my case literally a prostitute.It's surprising or exotic or terrible for some people, but it's the same as most jobs really. Like any other this one has its ups and downs, and again, in this line of work many of them are literal. But the main thing that makes it a job is that I feel about my job like how you feel about yours. It's a pretty simple concept, but people struggle. I always explain to people who know about my job, that the sex is boring but the free time is great, and mainly the job is tolerable just like any other stupid job. Of course I always pretend to clients that the job is amazing to get them to finish up. What can I say? The sex is boring, the free time is great. I'm lying in bed, even when I'm on top. Not that you need to be too convincing. All these men want to believe me, they all want to be fooled. Now over the years that means a few will fall in love with you. It's sad, it is. But also kinda funny. I've forgotten most things about them before they've left, and they're telling of their love for someone who's name isn't really mine, who's character isn't really mine. It's always surreal when someone does it. Especially with this guy doing it right now. But today it isn't funny, because this one's got a gun.
The bourgeoisie aren't prostitutes. They're pimps and johns.
you're actually so stupid and have no idea what actually happens to people being prostituted. over 50% of the people reading this are going to think you're an idiot who has no idea about anything so you should probably scrap the whole idea.99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly in that they were initially or are still physically forced into it or are there because if they aren't, they're facing death. so, these girls and women aren't "having boring sex", they're being raped you can't buy consent, so there is no consent; therefore, it's rape. honestly most "sex" is coercive anyway so...extrapolate from there. tbh men just shouldn't write female characters because they always do it wrong.
I felt a cool chilly wind on my skin and goosebumps rose on my arms. It would probably be the last time that I would see her, since I'd be leaving for a long vacation. As I walked towards her house, I reminisced about the fun times we had together. I'd known her for all my life and had some fun times with her.I entered the small, yet cozy house, looking if someone else was there. Good, no-one else but Alice was present. I asked her "Hey Alice, how are you today?" while I went into the kitchen. "Today's a nice day ain't it Alice? I'm glad I can spend it with you. You know, I'll be leaving tomorrow. Going to California." I lit up the stove and began chopping some fresh onions I had bought for the occasion. I love onions. They always give some extra flavor. "I'm sorry that you can't come with me though, I hope you understand". Cutting the meat was actually harder than I had thought. It smelled quite bad and I had to go relieve myself. "Sorry for that Alice, this is my first time doing this". It was indeed the first time I'd ever tasted this kind of meat. It wasn't particularly good, or pleasurable, but eating it in front of Alice made me feel good. She was always looking at me with those dark-brown, dead-looking eyes. I really liked that about her, it made me feel aroused. After I'd finished, I kissed Alice's face good-bye and left her on the table. "bye honey, see you soon. Do you mind if I borrow your car? I came on foot", I asked her while taking the keys from the drawer. I closed the door quietly as I left the house. I stepped into the car and drove off, leaving my precious girl behind.
99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly in that they were initially or are still physically forced into it or are there because if they aren't, they're facing death.Nope
From a story I'm working on, about miscommunication in the 21st century. The main character is a neckbeard who falls in love with a legbeard:I’m truly in disbelief. I didn’t know that there existed creatures as utterly lacking in self-awareness as Janet appears to be. I was browsing Facebook when suddenly I saw her post that she had written an article for whatever bullshit feminist organization she’s interning for. In a moment of weak incontinence, I couldn’t resist the urge to congratulate her. I believe there was a half-way sincere thing in the impulse, but either way, it got us talking for about an hour. We had a nice, meandering conversation. Very witty, like it always was. Then, I make the cardinal error of deciding to end the conversation with a particularly lame joke. And Janet, in her infinite resentment, responds – not as a normal, well-adjusted person, sensible toward some elementary notion of tact or decorum would, with a “oh my god, that joke is so lame…ok, I’ll ttyl!” - but with an expression of the highest order of petulance: “I HATE THAT”. Those three words had the power to throw me into such a paroxysm of rage that I have hardly known. There was no hint of irony to detect in her expression, and I didn’t know what inference to draw other than the embarrassingly grim conclusion that she is indeed expressing sincere ill-feeling towards a benign joke that I had made – and here’s the best part – that she thought that would be an optimal way to end a conversation in this free republic, in these fifty United States of America! I am in utter disbelief that a 21st century person beyond the age of twelve is even capable of such truculence. I am positively smoldering here as I can see she is active on Facebook, and makes no effort whatsoever to make herself understood, let alone apologize. I am halfway-set in my mind of demanding an apology this instant, but I don’t want to sour our relationship even further.If this is what she is like to mere acquaintances, can you imagine what a horror she must be to date! Oh God, thank you Janet, thank you, my sincerest, eternal gratitude to you, thank you for being such an insufferable bitch – and so unconsciously, so autonomously, as to leave no doubt in the mind as to your nature. You do it so effortlessly, it really is an admirable thing. You are so wanton with your red flags, you are a veritable referee in the most uncivilized game of football ever played. How smugly you display your complete lack of politeness, with what majesty you swell your homely figure! With what complete candor you admit to the most unfeminine faults imaginable – and to think that despite these things, I find you attractive - God! Utterly repulsive, a Giantess – a slattern – and a proud one! You truly must be on the spectrum!
lol you can't just say "nope" to something that is actually fact. as in, there's evidence for it and is rooted in reality. there are some prostituted women who "choose it for themselves" which is its own issue but i'm not going to get into it, but those women are few and far between.
assuming she wanted to talk to you in the first placeassuming she wants to date anyonethink femininity is a positive thing for womenand if this isn't based on an experience that you had then this is so far gone and depressing and pointless that i feel almost sad for you. :
that's kind of the point, it's about a neckbeard so he complains about the girl's lack of awareness but he has the same problem
but it sounds exactly like real life things that men say so it's not really satire or interesting
It's actually fact that 99% of women who leverage their sexual desirability are being forced to do it?Maybe that's why models always have such blank expressions.From the, you know, terror.
lol you mad
comparing modeling not pornography to prostitution is pretty far off. i have my issues with the fashion industry too, but it's not even on the same level as sex trafficking. a lot of girls and women aren't even paid or are paid very little when they're forced to have sex with men. it IS forcible given that there's a real risk of being killed by a variety of different men who are in control of the situation. the large majority in the high 90's percentage-wise of prostituted women have been sex trafficked into the industry. plus, sexual desirability is such a small part of why men want to pay money to rape women.
plus it's been shown that around 70% of women who have been prostituted meet the criteria for a ptsd diagnosis, while the average for war veterans is 15%. so obviously there's great terror involved.
oh
He was unlike any other actor in The Valley. Most Johns took pride in their size, endurance, body count, the amount they could cum in one shot and how many times they could do it. Their jawline, abs, the new Porsche they drove to the set. This isn’t to say he didn’t take pride in these things, of course he did. He had all and tenfold - but what set him apart was his ethic. The devotion and love he had for the business bled through each reel of the dirty life and times which comprised his films - and they were his films. Producers, financiers, directors, lead actresses no matter their stature took wayside to Don Johnson and all of his thirteen-inch grandeur.
you said nay twice in that sentence. kill yourself
Reminds me of Clockwork Orange. I like it.
I walk towards the line and lean up against the counter. I almost forget to speak, but she’s looking right at me so I’m going to have to. “Hi.” “Hi.” The conversation has not started as well as I had planned. I had assumed that maybe if I said “hi,” she would say “hi” back and start telling me about her day. The stupidity of my plan seeps into the back of my neck and I feel sick. To her I am just some guy in a sweater who said “hi.” I don’t even have a coffee. I realize she may be able to figure out that I didn’t even come here to order a coffee. I just came in to say “hi” to her. I am still leaning against the counter. “Hi.” Fuck. I said “hi” again. We both already said “hi,” I didn’t need to do that. I immediately start talking again to leave her no time to think about the fact that I have repeated myself. Unfortunately, I had nothing lined up in my mind to talk about. It’s too late now, I’m talking.
Occasionally I add to a sort of masturbation journal I was going to write as a novel as a joke. This is half of a long ass paragraph from this February:I have just realized that it is only after using my own imagination that I find myself exhausted, quite literally drained. With porn, I can start and finish in a matter of moments my record is 20 seconds after erecting, not really needing to catch my breath. I cum, put away my sock, pull up my pants, and carry on with my night. With imagination, I must take a few minutes to catch myself, a pause to regain my bearings. I think it is because of the sheer amount of effort required for me to use my own thoughts in this act – as I have said before, I very rarely get erections out in public, though I do sometimes encounter images that vaguely excite something within me. Take for example an event that happened today at university, when a girl sitting beside me kept moving her smooth, tanned leg in my peripherals, bouncing it up and down, kicking it forward, to the point that I often thought it was intentional I swear I could see her head turn in my direction with some frequency; I sit next to a wall on the opposite side of the classroom from the lecturing professor, and the clock is on the wall behind us, so there is nothing else she could be looking at. This has happened every day in this class but it was only just now that I decided to "use" this image. As I drew nearer to the time I intended for my act, I grew increasingly more excited, but not physically. To actually masturbate, I had to essentially jiggle my penis with my hand to force blood flow an act required often for porn use as well. Furthermore, I believe I had my eyes shut almost the entire time, and I know I was breathing heavily though I am pretty sure it was partially intentional in order to force myself into a further excitement. Unfortunately, thoughts of this girl's tan legs were not quite enough. Luckily I foresaw this, and made sure to check out how plump her thighs were, as well as the shape of her ass in her bright orange shorts her thighs were pretty great for my primal urges, but her ass left much to be desired for; I had to alter details a bit in my mind. I have seen her face and upper body before, but my mind is not good with faces and she hasn't worn any particularly revealing tops, so I had to improvise here as well. I was able to easily remember she had dirty blonde hair and wore glasses, as I had recently discovered that I had an until now unknown preference to blonde white girls with glasses and blonde Asian girls with glasses, and blonde Hispanic girls and black girls, though the latter two do not always require glasses, so that detail stuck with me from weeks ago. Thinking of anything above her waist did not lead to any progress, so I had to go for a rather drastic change and mentally add white stockings to her legs, the stark white fabric forming brilliant contrast with her brown legs.
bump, says i
Arguing about prostitution is not what I wanted, I just wanted feedback on my actual prose.99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly.something that is actually factplus it's been shown that around 70% of women who have been prostituted meet the criteria for a ptsd diagnosis, while the average for war veterans is 15%. so obviously there's great terror involved.When it comes to prostitution, facts are not as certain as you think, and your ones are the lies and fever dreams of a moral panic.
these link back to themselves, though eventually get to one study that doesn't really look reputable. given that the figures are so obviously ridiculous, i'm not even going to bother looking into it closer.but men will pick and choose what studies to believe and when they read "70% of whores [sic] say that prostitution raised their self-esteem", they'll believe it because they want to. there's a chance that some of my numbers are vaguely conflated and inflated i didn't link to any studies so i really can't expect you to take my word for it, but actually reputable studies are out there but they don't swing to the opposite side of things, so it doesn't really matter as they're never going to align with what you're spouting.
i think you should masturbate less, it seems like this huge chore for you. i mean, juggle your cock for bloodflow, fuck. do you smoke?otherwise, good prose, would read a novella mostly made up of these if it had an interesting hook to a sideplot that the masturbating creates changes in or something
every time a man ejaculates, he's actively destroying his reproductive potential, because every time new sperm is created its likelihood of mutations increase. it's actually really funny. masturbation mutants.
these link back to themselvesThe posts are an index of posts she's made on misleading stats. Is there any figure in either post that you can not find the original source for by following her links?eventually get to one studyWhat? There are a whole bunch of figures quoted in both blogposts from a range of different studies. picking and choosing what studies to believeYou are doing this, not me.there's a chance that some of my numbers are vaguely conflated and inflatedIf you're the one who posted about PTSD, there's a lot more than just a chance, as proven by the links I gave you.And how do you like my writing style in the extract I posted?
Thank you
Sorry anon, but this is terrible. I could hardly bear to read it all because it's so bad. This does not at all sound like what a prostitute would be saying, and just the way you write has this sort of annoying twinge on it. And even for the initial describing of a character, this is painstakingly bland. So, bland, unrealistic, unconvincing, and just generally annoying.
This is great. Thoughtful, flowing, descriptive. Not jarring or choppy or overly pretentious like much of the prose here. Sorry for the terribly short review, but I'm about to be off and wanted to let you know how much I liked your writing.
Ugh, my god just shut up. If you were going for insufferable, you've achieved it. I understand your purpose, but this is too far off the scale if you know what I mean. This is a shitty review but whatever figured you'd want it anyway.
Mel spotted Harli excusing herself from the room. Harli’s nickname, courtesy of Mel, was ‘Harli the Harlot’, in semi-ironic mockery of the fact she was without a doubt the chastest of the lot of them. Mel could never make up her mind about whether Harli’s devotion to waiting to give her whole to the right person was an act of admirable or contemptible naivety – as regardless of her virginal sanctity Harli had a penchant for earnestly confessing new fetishisms she had taken to within her virtual reality constructs. These sincere confessions were made stranger by her reluctance to show any awareness that it was not standard sexual practice to want to be tied upside down by your ankles, or smothered in food, or pissed on, or infantilised or ridden by anthropomorphic creatures, to her this was all by-the-by and she would never hesitate from describing in detail her simulated escapades to anyone who would listen. The truth was, nobody wanted to listen, but her charming endearance prevented everyone from silencing her. That, as well as some of her tales being incredibly arousing to certain parties.
My take: your lack of imagination is not my moral conundrum as a scientist.Technology will always be used to create weapons, to poison the groundwater, to rob the poor, and generally to do harmful things. Throughout history this has been a constant, a basic feature of civilization that has transcended all cultural boundaries.That so many people continue to fear the consequences of scientific advancements today often with good reason is a testament to the pressing necessity of human enhancement research. Under such a fearfully consequentialist view of science, where does science become safe for general consumption? Do we halt research in physics and chemistry to prevent advancements in the destructive power of military weaponry? What about research areas with less obvious consequences? Do we cease research in computing and networking because violent uprisings in the middle east, greece, etc. have been directly enabled and aided by the same? Has anyone ever seriously considered this thought?Of course not. Science will be an intellectually violent force when it must, and may be coopted for nefarious purposes from time to time. Its basic codes and principles exist outside of any political, religious, or cultural ideology. Its results, however, do not, and therein lies the problem.But the problem of unintended or undesirable consequences isn't one for the scientist, it's one for society at large. Information wants to be free. There's very little you can do about it in the short term and absolutely nothing you can do about it in the long term. As in evolution, to keep up we need always to be running in place. Scientists aren't evildoers for learning how to split the atom or how to genetically modify crops -- knowledge exists outside of the moral sphere.The particular dangers posed by certain innovations are clearly more troublesome than those posed by others, yes. These dangers don't just float about in the aether waiting to wreak havoc on humanity, however: without human action, they can never come to light. Continued technological advancement without simultaneous mental advancement will, without a doubt, lead to the downfall of human civilization, and the probable extinction of the human species in turn. We can't say how or when for sure, but history coupled with modern scientific understanding leave no question as to the dire threat we pose to ourselves.Human enhancement research is, then, one of the best possible uses of science to prevent collapse. Of course there will be all sorts of disruptions and upheavals if "significant cognitive enhancement" is achieved. Was there ever any serious alternative?
Go fuck yourself dude. You obviously are just talking your own mediocrity out on me. It's pretty pathetic, actually.
what does 'off the scale' mean?
Does anyone find that the content of the story can dictate the prose? I'm writing something set in present day with nineteen year old protagonists, and it just feels wrong whenever I insert anything too complex in terms of vocabulary or description. I feel locked into a 'Hemingway' approach.
oh shit, I just noticed the guy in the background thats picture gets posted occasionally
Ok, thanks for the feedback.
lol
I wrote that thing with the prostitute, not this guy. Not sure if he's trolling or confused.
Jesus Christ what am'i reading? hey at least you tried keep writing but stay away from prostitutes
spanish native speakerI don't pienso that I can hacer that, compadre.
You're inspired me to write a story about prostitutes.~Sheila the whore~On the winter morning cum filled her deep throat, as she kept sucking dick semen roll down her stomach filling her slim belly as sour cream fills drunk's man burrito. He was left just like an african kid, starving to death, given that so much cum she took out of him that his body consumed muscles and tissues to produce cum."That was great babe, HEH" said the bad boy"Mmmmmm" said Sheila licking her lips"Gotta go now HEH. Me play football with the boys, HEH""i luv u" said Sheila cleaning the semen over her tits"See ya, HEH"Sheila was 16 at the time, and the first blowjob awoke her inner goddess. She was now a woman. Having sex she finally achieved maturity, and as a fully grown-up person she spent the rest of her days laughing and giving lessons on maturity to the innocents and dirty virgins, whom being unable to get laid knew nothing about life.Five years later, at the tender age of 21, she was camping with her boyfriend that decide to leave her after a fight. Being a grown-up woman she used her strong feminity and entered the boys bathroom, stripping her clothes and sucking everyone's dick. When the police heard about what was happening in the bathroom, they went to stop the happenings that cannot take place in such place, and took Sheila and her friends she just met out, to the police station."Le'me go!, Imma full-grown woman!" screamed Sheila while the police man took her to their car.Soon after things got worse, one of the men whose dick she sucked also filmed the bathroom orgy, and uploaded to the internet. Sheila, not wanting to look like a whore, said she was raped, by the men and the police, but no trace of rape was found.The police sue her claiming defamation, and thus she is now in jail, probably sucking dicks there too.Plot twist: It's not fiction, it happened in my country two years ago. I never knew Sheila, I just saw it in the news.
Plot twist: It's not fiction, it happened in my country two years ago. I never knew Sheila, I just saw it in the news.I have another one of a girl who was found fucking outside a club. Video included.
my biggest complaint also
Can I please get a critique on this?I keep posting snippets of my novel in this thread and nobody ever seems to read them.
Mel spottedThe entire passage is the thoughts of a character.This is called Filter Writing, google it then avoid it.semi-ironic mockery of the factcharming endearance charmI doubt you talk like that so why write like that?without a doubtcould never make up her mindsincere confessionsclicheYou know whole Show Don't Tell rule? This is where you'd wanna have a scene of Harli telling one of her stories and another character not being able to bring himself to shut her up.Goodlluuuuck
She went to the lake, and should she rightly. She thought she'd do him, but not tonight, she'd do someone else tonight, but post about it on Iiiiiinstagrammmm...
adverbdropped.
Writing it this way is preferable to have to go into description of gratuitously explicit and fetishistic sex acts.I'm usually an advocate of "show don't tell", however, it is neither relevant or needed to have the reader experience those stories in this case.I WILL however, try and remove filter words upon editing the piece, this is an extremely rough draft.I doubt you talk like that so why write like that?I doubt most people in modern society talk like what they'd write, I'd rather have my own style of writing than use my everyday conversation voice.clicheOh no, I'm using phrases which are commonly used within the English lexicon. Common phrases are fine if they work, though I make a conscious effort to avoid using too many in my work.Sincere confessions isn't even a cliche though I can't recall ever hearing it used or seeing it written
doubt most people in modern society talk like what they'd writeHence why most writers suck, but okay.Good luck.
I understand where you're coming from entirely, it's probably not the greatest example of my writingnor is anything in this rough draft, but I'm trying my best to shit this onto the page before all motivation and creativity leaves me.Also, the whole paragraph isn't a character's thoughts, everything after the dash is just out-and-out character description.Though that itself is a problem due to it being expository
bill burr/10
Would really appreciate any comment on these two shabby things
was ignoredrewrote it all, because it was too shit for /lit/ to speak on it.
Cheer up mate. Dismember: perfect makes practice.
this is the first page of a story I'm working on. I don't know if I'll ever finish it or not since I'm not in a really write-y mood as of late
Gira nodded empathetically. Struggling to grasp how anything could even route through that many servers without some sort of data loss or interception. The door creaked open and in came Mel, carrying a small tray with the deft hands of an assassin disguised as a waitress. The tray came unto the table without making a sound, and there stood three bottles of beer sweating cool water into shallow puddles. He wasn’t usually one to drink beer. He picked up the bottle and took a mouthful anyway.“You ladies have anything interesting to discuss whilst I was away?”“He won’t believe me Mel, thinks there’s no way that the governments behind this. Whole thing’s probably some sting operation, like, they get you to bring him here, he finds out everything and suddenly we’re on some blacklist with SWAT and FBI bustin’ in kickin’ ass and takin’ names.” He threw the words about emphatically, disregarding Gira’s existence. “Never seen a more obvious plant in my life, sittin’ there photosynthesisin’ takin in all our information like it’s motherfuckin’ carbon monoxide.”“Jenkins, plants don’t…” “Just look at him, acting like he don’t know nothin’, pretendin’ he’s in the same sitchation as us, gonna bring a ton of shit down on us hard, like nothin’ we ain’t ever seen I tell ya.”
No other city became one with the sun such as Khiva. The Uzbek people had built its houses out of rustic brick and mortar from that steppe hard soil, and when the call for the last prayers sounded from the minaret of Djuma, the angle of the master-star upon the west seemed to reflect its light on a mosaic. What emanated was the sensation of something terribly old, from the deep dark shamanic past, or even from the more mundane secrets that were obscured by the walls of the Itchan Kala. Even then, there was beauty in that late afternoon glow; the blue stone details that the Khans used to crown their buildings with construed a earth-and-sky counterpoint that still needed fish oil lamps from the Aral Sea to keep itself illuminated and warm; vaguely, one might say.I thought of writing a poem on Khiva, on the near future. Looking over towards the city was inspiring, as my thoughts make clear. Some would say my fascination with panoramic views was partially responsible for the reactions I had for what I saw on my way. That my nature of an easily-impressed person led me to an uncommon destiny. I think those are banal thoughts, and anyway I do not wish to dwell on it.The late afternoon I described could be a generic one, yet I am not what you would call predictable. It was the third of Hajj, 1255 or February 7th, 1840 for the Christians. The wind was strong and icy, the snow was stubborn, the nights grew darker and I waited for a visitor near the gate of Khiva’s madrassa.“So you were telling me the truth about this magical sky”, said the familiar voice, floating in from my blind spot.non-native speakerPlease rate.
cute
You guys post so much like no wonder I lose interest within the first two sentences. Honestly, pick out not more than a paragraph for real critique, nobody here actually wants to edit your story for you.
I stood sentry on the northern wall on the day when the first waves came. I was actually daydreaming about not being saddled with body armor and Kevlar when the yell came from the lookout tower. "Multiple contacts in the north field! 175 meters!" My head spun about to see the legions of people running straight for the compound at a full sprint. Falcons blared to rouse sleeping men from their bunks. Confused shouting and pointing brought more guns to my side of the wall as I planted a foot on the a parapet and strained to pull the charging handles and chamber the first round of the .50 cal. "150 meters!" the lookout yelled. The shift commander materialized behind me as I set my elevation swing on the gun. "You got enough rounds for this?" He asked."yeah, I've got eight belts" "Good. pick your targets and don't waste rounds.""125 meters! Here they come!" The lookout yelled one last time. I took hold of the grips the same way I'd done everyday this whole fucking summer long and hunched down to eye the sights on he masses growing larger in the sight picture. They were coming, raggedy clothes, half shaved heads and all. "Jesus, sir." I gasped. "What are they?"The captain lowered his binoculars and spit. "The worst scum that could ever exist. Tumblr feminists" The shouts and chants that seemed like a low roar began to morph into words as they drew closer. A pink banner waved by the one at the head of the horde read: "Saint Caitlin Bleeds For All Of Us. #pronoun""OPEN FIRE!" The captain yelled.I squeezed the thumb triggers and the 50 cal began to buck as it sent Fire down range. Hot rounds pierced the crowd, taking out two at a time. 100 rounds gone. Two hundred rounds gone, 300. "Chok Chok Chok Chok" the machine barked.By the time my barrel was smoking the numbers had dwindled to half. But I didn't let up. I manned my post. You should've seen them. They were... Animals. Cut off shorts and neck tattoos framed by internet logic and piercings. I dared not let off he triggers for a moment for fear of being overrun. I kept up the rate of fire as others changed their belts and resumed. I wanted to feel sorry for them and their misled causes but all I could feel was the recoil shaking by being. "Chok Chok Chok Chok" There were more shouts of alien languages all around but all I could hear was my gun. The targets between the left and right limits of my firing lane began to dwindle. Soon, there were no more standing targets advancing. And when the bolt fell upon an empty chamber, there was nothing left of the horde but silent bodies. The barrel belched smoke like a chimney. As fast as I could manage I opened the tray and fed another belt through. The captain patted me on the shoulder "that was some excellent shooting, son." He smiled. "Where did you learn to smoke tumblr fags like that?""/lit/ sir. I learned it on /lit/.""Well, you keep it up and there's a retirement in oldfag country for you.""Do you really think so?" I asked."Twinkie house."
Right?
Is anyone else intimidated by philosophy? Recently started getting into it Plato and it's very fun/invigorating, but I'm starting to feel the intimidation set in. I guess the mountain of philosophical work part of it. /blog
don't worry. If you're enjoying it then thats a good sign. Reading philosophy can be a lot of work but it shouldn't be intimidating. If you keep reading it you'll find yourself thinking differently and being able to do all sorts of different things with thought.
I've been reading philosophy for the last decade or so, with a good deal of analytic material at the beginning, and bunch of postmodern stuff in the middle, and a bunch of Heidegger, Plato and Aristotle for the last four years. And it's not been any easier; I've only recently this last year or so started to really make some headway into both Heidegger and Plato, but all of my insights have been very hard won, and it always feels like an uphill battle.At least according to Plato, that might be what makes philosophy what it is at all; otherwise it would be sophistry by the literal meaning of that term having wisdom. As the other anon said, as long as it's sating something in you, keep it up, as hard as the whole venture is. With any luck, I hope to keep doing this shit for as long as I can.
It can be a little horrifying to grasp the absolute mountain of philosophical thought, but there are no shortcuts. There's a decent Google Docs guide that /lit/ made earlier this year, it might help a bit. Enjoy
Thanks, guys. I appreciate the advice and encouragement.
Cheers!Out of curiosity, what does your study of Plato consist of?
Everybody finds philosophy complex to understand. If they say otherwise then they're lying.
I've recently started reading philosophy as well and, honestly, I am so glad I read some of the fragments of the Pre-Socratics beforehand since it makes Plato look like the apex of clarity. What I'm doing is just taking in what I can and moving along until, after I've read all of the dialogues, I'll go back and analyze the most important ones and the ones I liked the most for their philosophical contents, aesthetics or whatever the reason. I can't see myself only reading Plato's dialogues once in my lifetime.
to be honest the philosophical tradition is very uplifting and homoerotic. Just oil up, do some body weight squats and read plato and think about his rustling your hair and correcting you gently, walking you through it all and slapping your ass when you finally get it. It's okay if your heart rate gets hastened, but there is 0 reason to be intimidated.
tfw Socrates will never feel your hairwhy live?
Nobody is stepping around it because they think it's art, they're is stepping around it because it's a fucking glove in the ground that belongs to someone
this is what atheists believe
Well I'm taking an intro to philosophy class and so far we've read Euthyphro and the Apology. I'm planning on reading his other dialogues in my free time because I enjoyed the ones that I've read.
Anyone read this? Opinions?
Stop spamming this shit. You a thread about this where you that these theories are pseudoscience less than a week ago and our opinions haven't changed. This is McKenna-tier.
I was surprised how accessible it was, considering the title. Good read, it definitely makes you think about consciousness in a different way. I read it back when I was reading: The Minds I, GEB, I am a strange loop, etc., so it fit in there.
I'm not the same guy bro. Dunno about what u describe
McKenna-tiercool, that sounds great
I read about it in Dawkin's God Delusion. Still on my reading list.
McKenna-tierThat's a huge exaggeration. Plenty of actual scholars take his theory seriously, and his use of psychology, philology, and philosophy of mind are all legitimate in a way Mckenna's New Age bullshit isn't.
What literature discusses why spending a lot of time with the same person gets annoying and tiresomeat least in some cases? When we think about the idea of understanding the perception of another, there are certain things that can almost perfectly transfer between two individuals. Colors, well defined shapes or shared perceptions like if two people looked at the same scenery together.The more time two people spend with each other, the more they become a more pronounced distinct new entity.So why is it that this process leads to tension, anger and frustration?Is it because the more this process goes on the more the two people reveal core features about themselves on which they are almost unable to compromise, or synthesize into something shared?
What literature discussesniceI appreciate the modicum of effort
Is it because the more this process goes on the more the two people reveal core features about themselves on which they are almost unable to compromise, or synthesize into something shared?Core contrasts? Possibly. We begin by making comparisons and end up making clear distinctions, but there's no inherent reason why illumination would work up tension.
Dont mention it.What /lit/ desires is what is always beyond what it defines as its desire within the board's ruleset.I think rules are always only guidelines anon, and the best judgment of an individual instance of breaking or bending the rules is the board's response as a whole.
you're a thinkeryou've got a lot of thoughts
And you are a humanist, trying to help others be better through the ridiculing of their opinions.
So why is it that this process leads to tension, anger and frustration?There's a ton of literature on friendship and hopefully your own experiences as counterexamples,but literature that adresses this point of view I'm afraid is going to be mostly shitty romances
Hey /lit/, this is my first post. How do i get into reading and can you suggest me some vampire books. Not the gay ass teen female vampire books either.

American Psycho.
Bram Stoker. If you'd lurked you'd know genre fiction isn't favoured too much around here
Dude, what?
flashbird the vampire is the best vampire book ever written
I get on here from time to time. Is Ann Rice any good? Sorry i mostly get on /mu/
yeah if you like grandmother incest stories
He drinksa the blood!
Sweet!
Warhammer fantasy novels are fine. The vampires are diverse and some lead armies of monsters. Should entertain you if you're into that.background story read:
Just read "Dracula" by Bram Stoker and get it over with. If you don't like it, you will at least have gained an appreciation of where every other vampire book in history came from. If you don't like an Ann Rice or Twilight book, then you totally wasted your time reading it, so Dracula's just where the smart money is.
Dracula wasn't the first vampire book. It borrowed heavily from Carmilla, and even that wasn't the first vampire book.
Read Varney the Vampire for the keks. Then post here about how shitty it is.
Anne Rice is good. Well, at least the first of her vampire books. Not a fan of how she retconned the personality of some characters in the sequels.But be prepared for a lot of homoeroticism.
Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter
You want to read those sappy supernatural romance vampire novels and destigmatize the experience, otherwise you'll carry the curiosity with you throughout your reading career.
, 
Since there has been complaining about the essentials chart, I'm making an ultimate authors of fantasy chart. Who are they?Tolkein, Wolfe, Lovecraft, Jordan, DeLint, Dunsany, Eddison, Sanderson, Howard, Macdonald, Martin and Crowley are who I have thus far.
Why have Lovecraft when you can have Borges? Lovecraft did one thing asides from his early works and one thing only. Borges could capture some of the elements of Lovecraft at his best while still having a world of other ideas to use.
Homer, Dante, Spenser
Might want to add Stephen Donaldson and Fritz Leiber. Maybe Terry Pratchett and Erikson.
inb4 genre fiction
I haven't read any of his other books, but Richard Morgan's The Steel Remains was pretty good for Fantasy. His gay protagonist is rather unique but well integrated not homobait.
Has /lit/ heard of Jack Vance?
No Chambers OP?
Le Guin, Zelazny, Pullman YA-ish but better written than Tolkein in my opinion, Moorcock.Rushdie and Marquez are two of my favorite writers, and I'd argue that they are fantasy, but for the purpose of a list like this you probably don't want to include them or any other magical realism. You probably also want to cut off relatively recently and disinclude stuff like Homer and Milton for similar though not exactly the same reasons.This might have some good suggestions: though I think general consensus holds that Book of the New Sun is more correctly SF than F I would agree.Vance is probably a good suggestion too though I've only read his SF.
Jordan? Nah. Also don't include Zelazny, it's not very good. The best I read of his was the sci-fi one, the Amber series is pretty shit.Include Milton and Alan Moore. And by Crowley do you mean Aleister if so what fantasy work of his are you thinking of, I'd love to read it.
John Crowley. Just get uncle als collection of masturbation poetry.
including Sanderson and Jordan with all of those authorsWhat the fuck. If you want this to be a serious list remove them. If you insist on including them then you might as well add Christopher Paolini and whatsherface who wrote Harry Potter.Add all these except maybe Erikson.
Are fables fantasy? Then Aesop.Is The Master & Margarita fantasy? Then Bulgakov.You never stated why not to include them. So why? Don't see why it has to be "elves" fantasy only, that'd make a very short list.
Little, Big
Clark Ashton Smith
JordanSandersonshiggydiggyAlso don't include Zelazny, it's not very good.Lord of Light is fine viewed as fantasyRH Lafferty is when not fully sci-fi closer to tales than fantasy but may fit.Perhaps Rabelais.Chretien de Troyes & other arthurian fantasy T H White's Once and Future KingLewis Carroll surely counts?
, 
What are the best atheist books and authors?I am tired of these lazy retards.
I'm probably going to be grilled for saying this bu t I found Carl sagans varieties of the human experience interesting
the brothers karamazov
David Hume
SpinozaHegel
Yeah, i second Hume. Richard Dawkins, Hitchens and Sam Harris have nothing new to say. They are just making $$ by appealing to the lowest common denominator. Hume is good because if you're a retard who thinks people like Sam Harris developed original arguments against God or related to Free Will, you'll see what a hack he is. Of course he could never just recommend you go and read David Hume cause uh, he cares about the the world, i mean cash.
The GOD Argument - A. C. Grayling The tipping is a little less intense and favours a humanist argument over scientific one.
SpinozaHumeHegelFeuerbachStirnerMarxNietzscheIf god isn't dead by the end, you haven't read them, so reread
Add Schopenhauer
Even Bertrand Russell is a step up from Harris
Atheism: A Philosophical Justification by Michael Martin.
Hi guys and gals. I'm trying to establish the base of my pedo-romantic novel, and I'd like to narrate it from the point of view of both lovers you know; chapter 1, start from the POV of the guy. Chapter 2, continues with the POV of the girl. The problem is that I'm not a girl. What should I read/learn to narrate the point of view of a 11yo girl properly?yeah, I'm not an english-fag
First, look between your legs, see that weird thing with those funny ball thingys dangling there underneath it. You don't have any of that shit. Just a little hole that feels funny when you rub around it, but probably not that good yet. You're aware that it will start to feel good eventually, but right now it just feels weird so you mostly ignore it's existence.Ok, now stand up straight and look at the wall. Now stop doing that, because you're just a little bitch and you aren't that tall. Bend over a bit or squat down, that's what the world looks like all the time. You pretty much suck at anything involving physicality, maybe other than running or gymnastics if you work hard at it. You might be a bit flexible, but depending on where you are with growth spurts and such that might be the opposite of the truth. You are super self conscious about everything involving your body, and have probably developed some inefficient coping mechanisms to deal with that fact.Now, women probably don't have as much appeal to you, probably, you're not entirely sure about it. You can see a bombshell and think "wow, she's pretty" but not much else. She doesn't give you a boner anymore because you don't have a dick. Speaking of dicks, dicks are weird and funny to think about. They are like magic, they can do cool stuff but you aren't entirely sure how they work or if they are even real. They are kinda cute, but also a little intimidating. You know you're supposed to like them, but at this point your interest stems from animalistic curiosity.Speaking of mental shit, you're pretty much retarded, or at least criminally ignorant, same as everyone else your age. That's not to say you don't have good ideas once in a while, but you don't have the life experience to come up with shit with any degree of confidence, besides stuff you learn in school, which you know is pretty basic.Finally, guys don't make any sense, but most of them are cool. Girls fall into one of three categories "I don't talk to her", "she's my best friend" or "she's a fucking bitch." There are no grey areas when it comes to other girls, all of them fall into one of these three classifications without fail.Congrats, OP, you are now a little girl. Now GTFO, because you don't have tits yet either.
/adv/
What should I read/learn to narrate the point of view of a 11yo girl properly?Diary of Anne Frank
lel
Nice! Is not a bad start point. I'll remember this.Now GTFO, because you don't have tits yet either.B-but... flat chest is the best!
Please, not jew/fake propaganda :
Shameful bump.
Honestly, just think about any little girls you've known growing up or whatever. Think about how they behave and talk, make lots of notes. These notes are creepy, but I assume you don't care. Girls are not that complicated.
I understand that. I have experienced a few things with little girls :The problem is that I've never been in the skin of a loli.
Who gives a fuck what I tell you, but it's almost impossible to make writing about a subject like this good unless you are an insanely talented writer. Your question suggests that you are not yet that talented.Ultimately, whatever you write now is probably not going to be published, and is practice for something better you may write later, so again, who gives a shit. But you have to be Nabokov-level to make a novel about pedophilia work, and Nabokov-level writers don't ask, "How do I write from the POV of a different gender?"Best of luck anyway.
/pol/
The challenge here is more writing an 11 yo than writing a girl. I don't really remember how a kid thinks at this point.
Topkek
It's not so much that they ask. Good writers learn.
keep it simple dude ask to 11 year old girl what she thinks when you slap your cock in her face
does she let him cum inside her? do they have any fetishes? does their sex become an unhealthy obsession that makes them unable to develop meaningful relationships later in life?
I think so. Fortunately or not I understand the point of view of a pedo.Yeah, sure. Near the age I'm asking for, I tested a 9 and a 13yo girls nothing lewd, oh you. The 9yo wanted all my attention and asked me to hug her, and kissed me a few times while telling me nice things. The 13yo was a bit more depressed and shy, crying about boys, without a clue of what she want to do in the future... The younger, the happier.
If you haven't yet figured out how to write from perspectives that are not your own, you are nowhere near developed enough as an artist--stylistically, psychologically, or morally--to attempt writing a "pedo-romantic novel." It's like someone posting, "I want to write the next Ulysses. Can someone explain to me what the difference between present and past tense is?"I think if OP posted excerpts that would probably be made very clear. I still wish him the best of luck.
Why not make the girl a little less cookie cutter? You know, a little more interesting than some tabula rasa with no discernible personality seeing as kids actually do have emergent personalities fairly early on?
You can leave now, OP, because this is the best advice you will get
What should I read/learn to narrate the point of view of a 11yo girl properly?All these creatures, the animals and the women, have poor, if not missing, reflexivity.  the females have an epilectic reaction.THis is how you know that these strange little creatures are pure sexual beans.They constantly wish to live their feelings to the fullest, they are not able to control them, to distance themselves from them. Women desire to orgasm all the time, they think of sex all day long, checking sexual partners unconsciouly.Do you think that a female loves a man like a man loves a female ?No, most men loves a female, like a female loves her children. But the female does not love the man.Most men fail to understand that men must love a female, such as an owner loving his dog.The female knows that Good lovers are egotistic, good husbands are devoted.
cookie cutterI love you, anon. I can't stop laughing right now.Well, I'm defining her past, and don't seems to be a bad starting point. Daddy abandoned her, mommy works all day muh feminazi, who try to put the guy in jail because he loves her daughter. Big sis is a jealous bitch. And her best girl friend... better not to talk about her. Our girl express herself through the music, and now she meet this guy who seems to be nice with her.excerptsA small fragment written by me? Well, a long time ago I posted something like that here. Pic related, a repost shitty, I know.I'll remember this, dear Schopenhauer.
Oh. My fault for assuming then. Best of luck anon-bro.
How old is the guy?
Around 20-23. Probably 22.The point is that both learn something from that relationship also, her family changes after that too.
Is there such as thing a matrimonial theory? Like, are there philosophical works devoted to it? It interests me, because I think we're going to enter an age where marriages will open to as many people who in the marriage as you want, with very easy arrangements for coming and going, and I would like to know what the philosophical implications for that might be, as well as the economic and social implications.
only ever seen some words written downafraid of looking pretentious if i say it in mixed companynee-cha not nee-chee
you are afraid of othersothers aren't afraid of you
You're coming off as pretentious if you bring Nietzsche up in a public conversation otherwise unrelated to philosophy. It won't matter if you flub the pronunciation as everybody will already be mentally turned off by you starting to quote 200-year-old Germans.
be NEET shutin master racethis isn't an issue
who is this boy toy?
The thread really isn't about how to pronounce Nietzsche. I only brought it up to highlight how easy it is to say something incorrectly as half the world gets it wrong, even people who shouldn't.
Gerfag here, I hate the same problem with English words. Your pronounciation is so fucking inconsistent
hateHave.
put you also do hate itkeep in mind "hate" is pronounced like "hat"
putgj
"put" is pronounced the same as "but"notice one letter is just the other upside down. it's one of the great redundancies. the other is "c" and "k"
, 
, 
I'm having a presentation about L'etranger et I don't want it to be like them others. I have sent vaguely disturbing essays all year and I'm trying to keep going in that direction. What are some talking points that will suit my goal? A genuine question. Thanks.Pic related: Mersault
are there books about single movies? like an extremely in-depth analysis of a film? does this type of thing exist?
yeah, there are plenty. off-hand i know camille paglia wrote a book about hitchcock's the birds, and i know i've come across other books of that nature.
Classics. They go in-depth on a single film. I've read some, and they can be interesting.
thanks
decent read on related pic, if you haven't. Not book length, tho..
anything on woman in the dunes?
This film has fucked with my mind for quite a while granted, I hold equal love for film, music and literature so it's not so hard to do that to me and this particular interpretation is so intelligent, I'm really attracted to it. Thanks for posting.
Tim Kreider is a smart guy in general.
/pol/Even The Shining is not just about a family, as Bill Blakemore showed in his article "The Family of Man," but about the massacre of the American Indians and the recurrent murderousness of Western civilization. /anti-pol/ I guess.
Nicole Kidman, her back to the camera, shrugs off her dress and kicks it aside, standing matter-of-factly bare-assed before us for a moment before the screen goes black like a peepshow door sliding shut. You can almost hear the director's Bronx-accented voice: "You came to see a big-time movie star get naked? Here ya go. All right, show's over. Can we get serious now?Great stuff all the way through, thanks.
Maybe a book called Eros Plus Massacre.
is this pleb?
pleb is a state of mind
If you pronounce it Pyoolitzer.
yes because it implies third world nations would succeed if they lived in a different geographical climate rather than calling savage, primitive cultures out on their shitt. imperialist
Basically If you're a douchebag from /pol/ it's pleb.If not, it's a pretty decent, interesting theory.
I haven't read the book, but from that point of view wouldn't the geographical climates be a basis for the culture in the first place?
Yes, it lacks any historical or scientific rigor that would make it respected in any academic setting. Jared Diamond is a hack-fraud.he has ideologyhe lets that influence his opinions on peoplehe's let his ideas on xyz determine the way he sees the worldthis isn't even developed philosophically, just embraced out of the absurdthey think they aren't the real plebsIn conclusion, read what you want OP, it's not my job to make you a better person. Please delete this thread, as it is incredibly low quality and probably b8
It's overly reductionist and written by a person with no formal training in the field.
And comment on by people who didn't read it and say reductionism a whole lot.
too bad he's right
Stroke victims, the whole lot of you.
wow what an argumentsure proved me wronghey guys, you hear about this jared diamond fellow? apparently he's really great despite the glaring errors and outright fabrication present in his works!
Kneel before me and wipe thy drool from thy mouth.
Pretty much. It's incredibly ironically Eurocentric, it makes the assumption that western culture is inherently superior and only if other people weren't living in shitty places, they would have developed almost identically to Europeans with the same technology, ignoring you know, the entire cultures and beliefs of those societies. Also filled with Bad History to make Europeans seem much more awesome than they actually were, like the myth that because the conquistadors had metal swords, 300 of them could take down the several million strong Aztec empire, when in reality, they had something like 40,000 Natives on their side and if you actually read the reports, they quickly dumped a lot of their own armour and weapons because they weren't effective in the jungle.Reddit's Badhistory board has gone through and eviscerated the book chapter by chapter.
Yes, because history isn't guided by biogeography, but by ideasThat the West dominates the world is almost entirely accidental. If philosophy and science had originated from Ghana, Africa almost certainly would have ruled the world
No. The only people who say it does are /pol/cuck christfags who object to it because it contradicts a worldview they are emotionally invested in
But but but reductionism...
read badhistorys board Fuck off quorarRead AskHistorians. Bad history is for smug circlejerking based around half baked "refutations" of things that didn't need refutation in the first place
why would you go to that shit hole of a website in the first place?
muh reddit boogeyman
badhistory and askhistorians, are like the only teo kind of acceptable subreddits there.Maybe badphilosophy as well, but it's just /lit/ with more circlejerkiness.
The whole book tries to find facts to support a theory rather than the other way around. It's manufactured to sound convincing.
You should take a step outside once in a while
Is this the best book about yuppies and new York's golden age?
Why does lit hate McInerney?
Bumping.
asking 4chan for best book about New York yuppiesdoes not include pic of dubs guyis you serious?
No, that'd be Bonfire of the Vanities. But it's still pretty good.
what are some good, filmed productions of classic, or even contemporary plays? Though it can also be a play-as-movie type thing.besides pic related, malle's 'Vanya on 42nd street' is a good play-within-play performance of tchekov's uncle vanya
I watched macbeth a few days ago.
I love these 1970's productions. They threw a late 80's Twelfth Night in there as well, but in the 70's there was a real rigour in terms of performance, combined with a newfound realism in stage plays which only television could have provided at the time. The overall effect is that of an intimate diorama, not the overly-reaching scope of Branagh's Hamlet, which is undermined by shoddy backgrounds and fake exteriors, but Poe-esque dramatisation of the interior mind. It's just more congruent than many BBC attempts.
Ran, which is the Japanese version of King Lear.
What is /lit/ opinion of ASOIAF or Game of Thrones?
I like it. I actually think the show is doing a good job stripping all the convoluted sideplots, even if it will make them feel like baggage once Winds of Winter comes out. Also, they better not scrap the Greyjoy plotline.That being said, of course it's a guilty pleasure, but what is life without guilty pleasures?
I can't speak for the whole board but I think it's a decent story told through mediocre writing which most of us can agree got out of George R.R Martin's control at some point during the fourth book and is now a total mess that's going to be concluded by an even more mediocre tv series.Did George really look like that at one point or did you just grab a picture of some neckbeard and name it that? If that is him then he really grew into his looks. GRRM isn't bad for a fat old man but that guy looks like a dirty renaissance fair hobo.
My guilty pleasure is knowing that somebody is a piece of shit for thinking there are guilty pleasures
Martin can make good stories but is a mediocre writerThat's our lord and savior richard stallman
I'm very suprised everyone ITT is so positive. I've found the books to be thousands of pages of BORING especially the latest one.
What's wrong with the notion of a guilty pleasure?
You still read them all, so you obviously enjoyed them, and now want to ward off the notion that this makes you a pleb. Which is, ironically, pretty plebeian.
Keep this meme in one thread.
i don't believe somebody feels guilt for liking somethingit makes no fucking sensehow can you get pleasure out of it if this is the case?just stop doing it
people who don't give a shit stay out of these threads
Richard Matthew Stallman. He is a paragon of free software, our guiding light in the dark age of proprietary code. His disheveled appearance masks a great mind and a gentle soul.
Most of /lit/ isn't particularly concerned with the plot of a book, but Martin is the master of plot. He doesn't have the most impressive command of English, though for a fantasy writer he's not at all bad.As for ASOIAF, books one and three are the strongest, followed by two, five, and four. The only reason I read them is because a few friends convinced me to, and I figured I might as well so I could keep up with their ASOIAF conversations. I don't regret reading the series one bit.
i don't believe somebody feels guilt for liking somethingI do. In case of ASOIAF, I feel guilty because I spend hours reading what is really rather mediocre pulp, when I could instead muster the effort to finish Ulysses. It's the difference between ordering fast-food and preparing a healthy, sophisticated dinner. Both clearly have an appeal, but one should definitely come with guilt.how can you get pleasure out of it if this is the case?Because pleasure isn't dependent on guilt-freeness. Simple as that.
well i gotta still say i think you're a piece of shit for reading something you know is mediocrei eat fast food because it's fast, i don't feel guilty about it because it was the best thing to do based on my situationread ulysses fuck off
well i gotta still say i think you're a piece of shit for reading something you know is mediocrei eat fast food because it's fast, i don't feel guilty about it because it was the best thing to do based on my situationThese two statements contradict each other, dumbshit. Also, enjoyment isn't based on rational decisionmaking, and kf you think otherwise, you're either an edg kid or autistic.read ulysses fuck offI'm at it you retarded cunt, knowing that a pleasure is a guilty one allows you to keep it in check. Your virtues allow not for moderation, that's a rather big flaw.
lots of words, people and settings do not a plot make
Agreed, which is why Tolkien's works are weak when it comes to plot. Martin, however, is a master of plot.
He is pretty thick.
The plots are long and meandering, like talking to an elderly person with early onset Alzheimers they don't often lead anywhere. There are numerous superfluous chapters that are both uninteresting and never become relevant. The dialogue makes me cringe and the prose is pretty bad.Returning to the plots, I prefer the actual history of the war of the roses I think Martin obsesses with the juvenile.inb4 Martin internet defense forceThis is my opinion I have held since before the show was popular and I don't care whether you like it or not. His fans are stereotypically manchildren though, can't hold him at fault for that though.
Always wondered, is he the Zizek of /g/ and vice-versa?
1. How many of the books have you read?2. Why?
lets be straight, neither tolkein nor martin are worth discussing. They are one and the same though one has a far more impressive vocabulary and grasp of the language.In two decades time there will be middle age dick-wads reading ASoIaF to their children in the same way parents read LotR to their kids now. And the same types of children will champion the same type of verbose serial trash as a watermark for literature in the exact same way.In other words holdontoyourbutts.jpg fantasy genre trash is trash, no matter how prettily you package it.
1 and a half. I rarely don't finish a book but in this case I couldn't go on.
Pls stop this meme
Sort of, only Stallman did more for software and freedom in the technological realm than Zizek ever did for literature/philosophy. And you see more Stallman threads / pics on /g/ than Zizec threads on /lit/.Also his arguments are sound and transparent, even if he's being an autist about it. Or more to the point: he makes more sense than Zizek does.
Also instead of sniffling he picks his feet and eats whatever he peels off of them
It does make sense, you hedonist. There are things that reason and judgment dictate is not good, yet we personally like it. It's a conflict of reason and passion.
I like ASOIAF but I'm fucking sick of seeing these threads every day. Get on it mods.
I'm about to read this piece of crap. Is it worth reading for non-english speaker who knows about 2000 words? And what can you advice yourself? Obviously I'll be reading with dictionary.
the series is a good way to learn English, also I thought the first three books were really cozy
For one, I'd read the first book first. I don't know why you posted the third.But what  said is probably quite true. They're cute, charming books until the fifth where things get too edgy and convoluted for their own good.
The language is very simple, you'll be fine. I've read the first book in three different languages that I barely know. It's not a bad story, either.
I'd watched movies when was a child and at least as i remember the third was the best unless previous both that were definitely boring.
The third IS the best, but read from the start. The first 2 are the shortest anyway and you won't understand parts of 3 without them.
Ok, I bought the three books. Which one should I start reading first?
You read one page of Divine Comedy, then one page of Hamlet, then one page of Ulises, and then repeat til finished all three.
translations
translations of English novelsEnglish not being your first language is not an excuse, you are using it every day.
Remember, order doesn't matter, so just read random pages of each until you finish.
translations of english booksPls. If the edition has a dictionary you shouldn't have any problems with original Shakespeare.Anyway, The Comedy, then Hamlet and then Ulysses. Are you sure about the last one though?
This. Read for the prose, not plot.
put gun to headcome back and ask /lit/ for adviceor else fuck off
I really don't see how a translation of Ulysses would even work. It might not be impossible but it would take an exceptional translator to make it worthwhile.
That's a bilingual edition of Hamlet.Anyway, The Comedy, then Hamlet and then Ulysses.Chronological order, then?Are you sure about the last one though?Shouldn't I?
Are you sure about the last one though?Shouldn't I?To put it into perspective, people have a hard time understanding Ulysses in its original language. A translation will probably either be dumbed down to the point of losing most of what makes it noteworthy, or will make it even harder to make sense of.
1 divina comedia2 hamlet3 ulises
Ulysses is supposed to be read after the first two books of Joyce and with an understanding of The Odyssey, preferably having read it, and you have to add to all of this that the point of Ulysses, maybe even more than any other book written, is reading it in it's original language.The translation might be good, and I hope that it's a bilingual version, but Ulysses is a lot harder than the other two. Anyway, good luck, I had to read The Divine Comedy when I was in 6 or 7th grade and it was one hell of a book at the time. I didn't understand half the stuff I was reading, but damn the travel through hell was something spectacular for my age.
Chronological order, then?YeahShouldn't I?Well I haven't read it myself yet but it's known to be a difficult piece, references Odyssey, lots of symbolism and what not... And you seem to be a novice when it comes to serious lit. You haven't read Hamlet and Dante yet? So it might be too difficult, you might miss too many things... But I don't know - if you really want to, read it.
Are you reading those exact books, from Cátedra?¡Mi negro!Best editorial ever. The analysis and comments they have are the best thing I've ever seen. If you can get the version of "The Wasteland" by Elliot by them buy it, it's fucking gold.Btw, about translations: I'm quite positive that Hamlet version is bilingual.About which reading first, I'd go for Hamlet, since it's the shortest of them. You'll feel accomplished; then you move on to longer stuff. What can I say, that works for me.
I forgot: also the version of "Cien años de Soledad" by Cátedra is fucking gold. Seriously, Cátedra is GOAT.
I have that in mind. But I need a better english level to give a try to the original.So, I should start with Iliad + Oddysey...Yeah. I had a good experience with this editorial reading Lewis Carroll. ¿Eres español?Pic related, random page of Hamlet. As you can see, full of annotations.
Cátedra loveEven the covers are tasteful, for fucks sake
I fuckin hate these threads.It's not you, OP, it's me.
muh aramaic
nice chubby fingers fag haha
tfw you're not even fat, but the angle of the camera fucks with you.
DanteJoyceShakespeare
not reading Ulysses in every language you canTake a look at these monolingual murrican plebs
Also, the italian is more similar to spanish than english. So probably this edition of the Divine Comedy is more acurrate than the murrican.
For some reason I could devour 19th century literature when I was eight, but as an adult I find it impenetrable.Does anyone else share my lethargy? Years of newspaper reading and television have ruined me. I can't stay focused on literature anymore. It used to be an escape. I would read Moby Dick during English class. It was a welcome escape, an acceptable alternative to writing five letter words 50 times in spelling class, or listening to my classmates butcher simple lines from the Berenstein Bears. Eventually they confiscated the book, but since it was from the public library they had to give it back, hah hah. Oh and in school suspensions every other week. I suppose when reading ceased to be an act of rebellion, it lost its luster. Tell me /lit/, when did you lose that spark of curiosity? How did you find it again, if possible?
indeed, i just watch videos of conferences and talk instead.
nothing wrong with that, if you've read much most of what comes after a certain number of years is tedious and predictable. unless you're a genre fiction sperg.literature, like sport, gets better as the art form gets older. i can't imagine why would anyone read anything from 19th century save huysmans, strindberg and mallarme.
Christ, we get, "Help I don't have the attention to read anymore!" thread every other day. We have to put something about it in the sticky. That pasta that gets spammed isn't doing enough.I'll just repeat what's usually said:-Find something you're genuinely interested in reading.-Go someplace quiet, away from technology, such as a park. It will help you focus.-Start with novellas, short stories, and short poems.-You can't stay focused because you're too used to the internet, or vidya, scouping tons of bits of inane information every second into your brain. Keep away from those things.
I seldom read as an adolescent because I guess I associated it with school, which I loathed. Once I left school and was free to read at my own leisure for my own ends, I couldn't stop.
For me the straw that broke the camel's back was the dashiki wearing English teacher junior year in high school. Having to study black African American lit left an aftertaste I've yet to expel. Though I do read nonfiction quite voraciously. I've read Thucydides at least five times recently, as well as Herodotus, Gibbon, Tuchman, Dawkins, et. al.I should say my problem is with fiction. I just find it insipid compared to what happens in real life, which is far harder to predict and infinitely more poignant. Which holds me back, as I find I am unable to write narrative prose with any eloquence. Fiction is the lumber of craft, nonfiction, the fruit of knowledge.
i can't imagine why would anyone read anything from 19th century save huysmans, strindberg and mallarme.Please don't be serious. Who is Tolstoy?Who is Dickens?Who is Dumas?Who is Dostoevsky?Who is Balzac?Who is Pushkin, Lermantov, and all the other golden age Russian poets?Who is Goethe?Who is Shelley, Austen, Sir Walter Scott, Lord motherfucking Byron, Hugo, Gogol, Trollope, Doyle, Zola, Henry James, Kipling, or Wilde? I would say that in terms of the amount of amazing books the 19th century is one of, if not the best centuries.Most other great authors tend to be alone or with a few authors in theirs, we just bundle older authors together.I honestly dare anybody to name a century with more greats than the 19th.
5th Century BCE.
Good one, but I don't think it quite measures up.It has:HerodotusThucydidesAeschylusSophoclesEuripidesAristophanesBut I think Tolstoy, Dickens, Dostoevsky, and Byron at least, measure up, which is four to their five, plus all the other authors who may not perfectly measure up, but combined definitely outweigh.Obviously you can argue that 5th BC wins on influence, but that's not exactly fair, considering it was so placed in history as to be pretty much the beginning of drama.
It measures up because 19th century writers are almost universally at pains to reference the former. Aside from the ones who try to remain exclusively Judeo-Christian, and as such will remain nothing more than anachronisms.
Good advice. I would add to it-Start with any easy, engaging page-turner shit read sci-fi, horror, fantasy, vampires, detectives and the like.-Never use the word "vidya"This has been my mode of re-entry when I get out of the habit.
Help I'm a modernist! How do I stop?
Do what the Italians did and start with the Greeks. Again.
Why stop? It's better than being a post-modernist.
Rope, belt, cord, shower rod, get it right the first time.
Do you even know what modernism is?
Nooooooo, that's not right
The kid on the left is definitely giving me the heebs. Also, just try to reject modernist ideals, while hopefully straying away from post-modern ideals as well.How do you kill yourself with just a shower rod short of a very painful seppuku-type deal? Or are you supposed to use a rope, a belt, a cord, AND a shower rod?
You'll be famous.
Read romanticism.
Get off secularism, bro.
, 
Writers of lit, what's your approach or method to writing short stories? Do you care about them being marketable or do you guys prefer doing it for your own enjoyment?I'm a bit shit at it myself. There's challenge in writing something meaningful but also concise. I'd like to hear about your experience with it though.
How does one make a physical book? If any of you are in publishing or have been published. I'm not talking about content, but more like the mechanic details like cover art, copyrights, etc. Does the publishing house just take care of it for you if they accept your shit?
/gd/
Well I'm more curious of the process of draft-submission-actual book, not the aesthetics of it.
I've heard some writers talk about it. It depends on the publisher and whether they think your book is a big deal i.e. whether or not your editor thinks the book is a big deal they can gamble on and give you all this control, etc. Usually it's a tug of war from what I understand. You or your agent gets a draft or fragment of a draft into someone's hand at a publisher and they decide whether it's worth a shit or not. They go back and forth with you on the draft and most likely won't give you control of the cover image. I'm not sure how something like the contract signing goes, but from everything I've read and heard the back and forth over the draft is common.
It depends on the publishing house.Sometimes they will ask for your opinion on EVERYTHING from cover to font choice to what sort of paper you like from what they have available to them. Sometimes, they buy your shit, will hear some of your opinion and then bind it up and publish it however they see fit. This leads to some authors hating their books, but they don't do more than complain since they took the money and signed a contract anyway.Copyright is a lot more tricky, but it's settled early on when you sell it to them. Sometimes signing with a traditional publishing house gives them the printing rights and they can hold the copyright from you as well. I know some contracts let you keep the copyright, but usually they keep it for a set amount of time however long they think they need it to turn a profit. I never heard of a publisher buying the copyright forever, but it might happen.

Are John Milbank and posters here to keep pushing Christianity as "the new counter culture" trying to hijack socialism from atheists because they know it's going to become relevant again? Basically they want to piggyback on socialism to make Christianity relevant again as well?
Basically they want to piggyback on socialism to make Christianity relevant again as well?accusing others of immoral actionsall that resentiment Fuck off, christian
Yes, pretty much. They also make the false assumptions that non-secular culture is now more relevant since secular ideas have been undermined by late capitalism.
Uh, I'm not a xtian....When in fact it is less relevant since religion is no longer required to keep the working class in line
they know it's going to become relevant again?lmfao
Uh, I'm not a xtian....
late capitalism.It's fucking hilarious how modern marxists have integrated their wishful thinking into their language.
I don't see how socialism is any better than capitalism at promoting Christianity. If anything, socialism retards the growth of Christendom by substituting the State for the Church in providing basic needs.You'd need a kind of Christian communism, a communism rooted in adherence to Christ, to really change things anyway.
Milbank says the liberal worldview hings on state/market dichotomy for solving problems.
Christianity is dying its still the biggest religion in the world and still funds an entire country b-but i heard some magazine say church attendance is down. s-socialism is atheist, ignore all the missionary work for hundreds of years. . . i worked at a soup kitchen once, it was a christian soup kitchen but that's besides the point. i don't hate gays so I'm morally buoyant in my contribution to the world already; sure i have not fought for any gay rights or done any activism, but when i see a news story about some ultra consrevaticve hate group i make sure to post on my facebook something like: "oh look at our supposed moral leaders" to let people know that "religion" isn't all its cracked up to be.i know i'm on the "right side of history" morality can exist without god. s-sience or something guys
To believe in morality is to be religious. There is no secular morality except for moral relativism, wich is either no morality at all or the belief that subjective yet absolute standards exist, the latter being religious existentialism.
morality definitely exists without god, and it has nothing to do with science, lol
moral atheists are possible the most delusional of all people to ever live.
No it doesn't, you have nothing to deduce from.
ChristianitysocialismmoralsgodBUSTING THIS SPOOK
I curse the day Stirner became popular here. What a bunch of absolute shite.
To believe in morality is to be religious. There is no secular moralityNah
You're a big ego
virtue ethicshumanismutilitarianismcategorical imperativeethical egoismethical naturalismsocial contractEuthyphroTheodicy
you have nothing to deduce from.Experience, instincts, and reasoning do the job well enough which is why you see strong moral codes among people that don't believe in the god of the big three religions or any grand god at all.
what is moral realism
prove me wrong thothats right

All of those stand on premises that we have no reason to accept unless we say that they are absolute or axiomatic. When we do that we say that there is something transcendental and absolute, which is god.I need only ask: Why is it that we should obey our instincts. And I've proven that you deduced it from something transcendental and absolute.It is a religious doctrine is what it is.
I dunno, man. I'm an anarcho-syndicalist hermeticist.
When we do that we say that there is something transcendental and absolute, which is god.No we don't unless you expand the concept of "god" to the point it loses meaning. All of those stand on premises that we have no reason to accept unless we say that they are absolute or axiomatic.We also have no reason to accept there is a single creator god or that all morality flows from him.
The social contract, as Hobbes put it, is a mutual agreement to not kill each other. The reason to accept it is because it benefits all the contractees.
Yeah, and that's what the USA wants. Socialism run by republicans. Church AND state is powerful tool to wield on idiots who believe them.It's also funny that atheism is objectively true for obvious reasons.
God is a man in the clouds and there are no men in the clouds, therefore god does not exist.Nice strawman, what do you think god means? Any sophisticated conception of god is reducible to something transcendental and absolute.We also have no reason to accept there is a single creator god or that all morality flows from him.No, we have to accept that there is either something transcendental and absolute, or there is no morality.
Why is it moral to benefit all contractees?
Because it increases their wellbeing
Okay, and why should that be a moral axiom? That is, what makes it moral to increase the wellbeing of the contractees.
Because each individual values her own life
Nice strawman, what do you think god means?Depends on the religion in question. "Sophisticated" concepts of god vary wildly. No, we have to accept that there is either something transcendental and absolute, or there is no morality.No this is a intellectual copout made to try to herd all your opponents into a corner so you can have a monopoly on "truth".
Not that anon, but they really are in that corner. It's why atheism is philosophically ridiculous.
So what you're saying is that what each individual values constitutes morality, what makes it so?
This has to be a troll.Religion was literally hijacked by morality. Why would you post here before reading stirner anyway, I thought that was an understood prerequisite.
Socialism and Christianity don't mix, compulsory virtue isn't virtue at all.All arbitrary and unquantifiable, and thereby irrelevant, without an absolute God.
No objective grounding = muh feelingsGranted this doesn't mean we should all descend to roaving bands of asshole apes. There might be a way to take a muh feelings approach to life and make it seem less irrational or absurd than it is by defintion but it is what is.Why do atheists refuse to take note that the only logical conclusion of atheism is hard nihilism?
How? The only objection I've heard is the "without god you get only relativism" followed by the person in question demonstrating they have no idea what relativism is.
Because that's how it is defined. Morality in this example, a social contract variation, means respecting the values of a collection of individuals while minimizing potential friction between those values.
Tell Jesus socialism and Christianity do not mix
The selection of any particular variation of God from the myriads of religions is, in itself, arbitrary.
They have no moral code, it's all arbitrary.But why should that a moral axiom?No this is a intellectual copout made to try to herd all your opponents into a corner so you can have a monopoly on "truth".Because you said so?
"Muh feelings" can be separated into higher-order and lower-order desires. For example where the high-order desire for a stable society in which to raise your children overrides the low-order desire for 24/7 anonymous sex
They have no moral codevirtue ethicshumanismutilitarianismcategorical imperativeethical egoismethical naturalismsocial contractrelational ethicsBut why should that a moral axiom?Because that's what the social contract is founded on, like how Euclidean geometry is founded on a line being straight. Are you asking why individuals might choose to form a social contract? Because it benefits them, of course.Because you said so?He did say that, yeah. In fact, you're just saying what you're saying, and so am I. We're all communicating in language here.
He didn't preach socialism, though.Not at all
Look, God is just a metaphysical entity. If we grant that there is something transcendental and absolute and we'll get to why it is so we grant that there are metaphysical entities that can carry morality.Now to say that this metaphysical entity is separate from god is non-sensical, by what condition can we separate a metaphysical entity? None, this is why it is meaningless to say that there is a transcendental something but it is not god.No this is a intellectual copout made to try to herd all your opponents into a corner so you can have a monopoly on "truth"Absolute morality is just that, a monopoly on moral truth. Would not a proponent of utilitarianism claim to have a monopoly of truth? Then it would follow that the utilitarian believes in something absolute and transcendental.So there is no distinction between secular morality and religious morality. How can we say one is just doctrinial and claim the other is the bonafide, peer-reviewed, state-sanctioned, science-backed morality of moralities. It is nonsense.
Not at allExplain
clarke was a pedophile
He didn't preach socialism, though.Church fathers did
muh feelingsI know people love using this as a insult but in cognitive science those dreaded "feelings" shape and direct human thought before conscious appraisal even begins so we are already taking a "muh feelings" approach to life.
Your average 4chan ape doesn't realise that without muh emotions they wouldn't even be here
Fun fact: the bible has several verses explicitly condemning homosexuality but is completely silent on pedophiliaClarke is A-OK in God's book
Early Church would probably lump it all into the same group like the Greeks did.
so what, the greeks were kid fuckers too but lit jerks off to them all the time
It's based on faith and reasoning, something cannot be arbitrary if it based on an absolute, empirical, or transcendental bit of reason.It can be wrong, but not arbitrary.So am I you bigot.The are not God.
It's based on faith and reasoning, something cannot be arbitrary if it based on an absolute, empirical, or transcendental bit of reason.It can be wrong, but not arbitrary.Ok, well, most of the list of secular moralities you just decryed as arbitrary are also based on absolute/empirical reasoning. Can't have it both ways.The [church fathers] are not God.So you don't believe that God approved of the early church? Their socialist commune was described positively in the Bible. God even struck a member dead for lying about keeping some money for his wife and himself. Is your God not the God of the Bible? A deist maybe?
Would not a proponent of utilitarianism claim to have a monopoly of truth?Some but among both the religious and secular people have drawn on or combined multiple types of ethical systems should one not be able to justify their desires.
It is not contradictory to say that morality is absolute but different for different people.Because then "morality is absolute but different for different people." is absolute.
faith is literally just accepting something as true because you feel like itit's the most arbitrary thing in the world
Look at all this quisling Kantians scurrying about.If God isn't real the only correct moral philosopher is Nietzsche. The categorical imperative and everything like it has been thoroughly BTFO.
I question how absolute it is for different people being that if you thought your system of morality was the end all you wouldn't draw on other systems and at times the "absolutists" or people who calm to be have strange periods of leniency or times where said absolutist belief system turns out not to be so absolute at all in certain places.
Ok, well, most of the list of secular moralities you just decryed as arbitrary are also based on absolute/empirical reasoning.The acceptance of an idea is a bit different from morality.They can have morals, but ultimately religion holds the monopoly on morality because it is from an absolute source, not based off of one.Morality can't be empirical, it's transcendental.A transcendental system based off of transcendental reasoning isn't sound, it cannot be quantified because it is ungraspable or observable.The only non-arbitrary morality is based on an absolute source.Their socialist commune was described positively in the Bible. Socialism is the transition from one system to Marx's communist utopia. As I said, compulsory virtue isn't virtue.Charity is virtuous, paying an agreed upon alimony payment isn't because there is little free will involveNot in a religious context.
There are no absolute sources in the world because the selection from candidate absolute sources is arbitrary and depends on the person making the selection
God.
The religious context is fooling yourself into believing that your arbitrary choice was actually initiated by GodThere's no real difference

ultimately religion holds the monopoly on morality because it is from an absolute source, not based off of one.If it was absolute we wouldn't have so many different sects in the same religion with many condemning or contradicting each other and would instead have a grand consensus.
Your arbitrarily selected God? Why not Joe's arbitrarily selected God? Or Ahmed's arbitrarily selected God?
It's also funny that atheism is objectively true for obvious reasons.
Am I on reddit?
didn't read the whole thread but u all need revolutionary catholic council communism
Alfred North Whitehead It is my purpose in the four lectures of this course to consider the type of justification which is available for belief in doctrines of religion. This is a question which in some new form challenges each generation. It is the peculiarity of religion that humanity is always shifting its attitude towards it.The contrast between religion and the elementary truths of arithmetic makes my meaning clear. Ages ago the simple arithmetical doctrines dawned on the human mind, and throughout history the unquestioned dogma that two and three make five reigned whenever it has been relevant. We all know what this doctrine means, and its history is of no importance for its elucidation.But we have the gravest doubt as to what religion means so far as doctrine is concerned. There is no agreement as to the definition of religion in its most general sense, including true and false religion; nor is there any agreement as to the valid religious beliefs, nor even as to what we mean by the truth of religion. It is for this reason that some consideration of religion as an unquestioned factor throughout the long stretch of human history is necessary to secure the relevance of any discussion of its general principles.There is yet another contrast. What is generally disputed is doubtful, and what is doubtful is relatively unimportant-other things being equal. I am speaking of general truths. We avoid guiding our actions by general principles which are entirely unsettled. If we do not know what number is the product of 69 and 67, we defer any action presupposing the answer, till we have found out. This little arithmetical puzzle can be put aside till it is settled, and it is capable of definite settlement with adequate trouble.
But as between religion and arithmetic, other things are not equal. You use arithmetic, but you are religious. Arithmetic of course enters into your nature, so far as that nature involves a multiplicity of things. But it is there as a necessary condition, and not as a transforming agency. No one is invariably "justified" by his faith in the multiplication table. But in some sense or other, justification is the basis of all religion. Your character is developed according to your faith. This is the primary religious truth from which no one can escape. Religion is force of belief cleansing the inward parts. For this reason the primary religious virtue is sincerity, a penetrating sincerity.A religion, on its doctrinal side, can thus be defined as a system of general truths which have the effect of transforming character when they are sincerely held and vividly apprehended.In the long run your character and your conduct of life depend upon your intimate convictions. Life is an internal fact for its own sake, before it is an external fact relating itself to others. The conduct of external life is conditioned by environment, but it receives its final quality, on which its worth depends, from the internal life which is the self-realisation of existence. Religion is the art and the theory of the internal life of man, so far as it depends on the man himself and on what is permanent in the nature of things.This doctrine is the direct negation of the theory that religion is primarily a social fact. Social facts are of great importance to religion, because there is no such thing as absolutely independent existence. You cannot abstract society from man; most psychology is herd- psychology. But all collective emotions leave untouched the awful ultimate fact, which is the human being, consciously alone with itself, for its own sake.
God cannot exist because existence itself is a human concept produced by language which God is beyond, or outside of, if you will. This also means that God is not God because God, like existence, is a human conception constituted by language which can never successfully capture the essence of what it seeks to confine.That's per Plotinus, anyway. If you're dumb-tier Christian, no that God isn't real. The myth of Jesus is probably the height of anthropocentric vanity. Abrahamic religions are the worst.
Religion is what the individual does with his own solitariness. It runs through three stages, if it evolves to its final satisfaction. It is the transition from God the void to God the enemy, and from God the enemy to God the companion.Thus religion is solitariness; and if you are never solitary, you are never religious. Collective enthusiasms, revivals, institutions, churches, rituals, bibles, codes of behaviour, are the trappings of religion, its passing forms.They may be useful, or harmful; they may be authoritatively ordained, or merely temporary expedients. But the end of religion is beyond all this.Accordingly, what should emerge from religion is individual worth of character. But worth is positive or negative, good or bad. Religion is by no means necessarily good. It may be very evil. The fact of evil, interwoven with the texture of the world, shows that in the nature of things there remains effectiveness for degradation. In your religious experience the God with whom you have made terms may be the God of destruction, the God who leaves in his wake the loss of the greater reality.In considering religion, we should not be obsessed by the idea of its necessary goodness. This is a dangerous delusion. The point to notice is its transcendent importance; and the fact of this importance is abundantly made evident by the appeal to history.
People tend to stray from theory.You're beyond help.god doesn't exist because feelings
What about John Milbank? He's practically masturbates to Plontius, and thinks univocity of being is cancer
*PlontinusThough he likes Proclus even more
Just read the whole thing here much of a pain in the ass to post the whole thing.
anthropocentricWhy does this word function as an insult? Of course humans are anthropocentric. It would be pathologically awful if they were not.
god doesn't exist because feelingsThat's almost the exact opposite of what I was saying, or what Plotinus said. It's a defense of a transcendental principle - it's just that we can never possibly define it, especially via anthropocentric mythmaking.Read what I said again. Slower.I'll read this. I've actually never heard of Milbank before or what he's up to. I'm of course skeptical of any Christian attempt at co-opting socialism - even socialist praise of Saint Oscar Romero.
l read this. I've actually never heard of Milbank before or what he's up to. I'm of course skeptical of any Christian attempt at co-opting socialism - even socialist praise of Saint Oscar Romero.Wasn't Thomas Moore the first person to write a socialist treatise?
Not every human conception of a 'higher power' itself a term which curiously avoids personification is anthropocentric. Serious theology with the exception of the Abrahamic and Hindu faiths tend to avoid the ridiculous assumption that God looks like a human or "looks like" anything at all.

He wrote one of the first "utopian" treatises in the contemporary understanding of that word. He was certainly an inspiration for Karl Marx, and perhaps more so for the great Ernst Bloch.His utopia is not socialist, however, at least if we understand socialism as a historically specific phenomenon which can only possibly take place in a post-industrial society.
I really think you need to read over my comments more slowly. Or at least google Plotinus or something.I'm not making atheist arguments.
I READ A BOOK BY NIETZSCHE ONCE
He invented the term "utopia", so of courseMilbank doesn't accept socialism as that, which is where Milbank disagrees with Marx. He says the idea that capitalism is a necessary stage of progress is a totally liberal idea, and that it would actually have been easier to go directly from feudalism to socialism without capitalism, by giving the serfs control of the land democratizing the guilds. He says the advent of wage labor actually made socialism more of an abstract idea to the public,which is what led to so many different ideas of how it would work, from people thinking socialism would work. As such, Milbank wishes to reexamine a lot of the liberal ideas Marx takes for granted as true. Milbank actually considers the advent of univocity of being, through Duns Scotus, to be the root of liberal thought, and traces its effects in philosophy, political science, and political economics. Milbank says Marx offered the best critique of secular society that secularism could provide, but that he was still too informed by liberalism.
So the problem with that theory, at least in terms of my understanding of Plotinus, is that yes - "when one says that "God is good", God's goodness is only analogous to human goodness," however, this does not mean that "God only differs from us in degree, and properties such as goodness, power, reason, and so forth are "univocally" applied, regardless of whether one is talking about God, a man, or a flea." It is the latter point that Plotinus, and I'm assuming Milbank would take issue with.Language, and the concepts that language produces, are wholly insufficient when it comes to God. We speak of God analogously because we must, there is no other option open to us except silence cf. The Cloud of Unknowing. This does not mean that 'God' conforms to our limitations. To assume 'He' must is blasphemous, frankly.
Oh, as for the idea that communism failed in a lot of places because they hadn't gone through the capitalist stage, Milbank asserts that it was because they tried to use the state to go through the capitalist stage, they were still thinking in liberal terms rather than in socialist terms. Milbank says socialism is more properly thought of as alternate modernity, rather than a development of liberal modernity
strange periods of leniencyI would suggest that a person can act in contradiction to his own morals, without it affecting his morals.
Right, which is why Milbank dislikes Duns Scotus. "Radical Orthodoxy" here means that, the idea that theology's orthodoxy was impaired as far back as Scotus, and that strain has been contaminating it as well as the rest of Western thought. But rather than try to simply "roll back" Western thought, Milbank is trying to look at an alternative development without Scotist contamination.
Oooo, that sounds really interesting actually I'll have to read more. Is there a single work Milbank is famous for? In some ways Milbank might be justified with the initial success of the CCP in China. Mao basically ignored the fledgling urban working class since China was semi-feudal at the time and revolutionized the agrarian masses. The Soviets were pissed because the Chinese were "skipping" the essential step of industrialization. Of course, China did rapidly industrialize after the CCP's successful takeover in order to become 'truly socialist.'I wonder - does Milbank argue for de-industrialization? Even if he is correct in arguing socialist transition would have been easier in Christian feudal Europe something I'm interested in reading about, those material conditions are pretty irretrievable now. What is his response to late capitalism?
His main work is Theology and Social Theory, which is where he lays out his theory of the origins or liberal modernity, and how other thinkers were unknowingly influenced by it, and how it radically reshaped Christian ontology.Milbank is careful about de-industrialization because he says that can easily become a reactionary movement, and notes that Heidegger, for instance, cannot be separated from his political thought. On the other hand, he says there is a bright side to industrialization, in that the family, community and church now have the greatest potential to become spaces outside the market or the state, which he sees working hand-in-hand. In pre-industrial society, it was harder for these to be revolutionary spaces, but he says they have that sort of potential now so long as we don't fall into bourgeois ideas of families as Milbank points out, for instance, marriages used to be more than between two people, but between two families: once that served as a power structure, but now it could form a network of solidarity, whereas a marriage between just two people really can't.
Thanks, anon. Just ordered the book. Have a research project to finish over the coming weeks but this will be great August reading. I fluctuate between my Catholicism and my Marxism and hopefully this will aggravate that confusion, lol.
Yes, it probably will. You might also want to get The Monstrosity of Christ, which is a debate between Milbank and Zizek, Zizek being sympathetic to Christianity as an element of revolution, but more as a legacy than actuality, and Milbank contending the important of actual Christianity and theology.
And there's also that Zizek is has a more Protestant idea of Christianity, whereas Milbank is saying that Protestantism is inextricably tied up with liberal modernity.
There is nothing wrong with religion, Monotheism however, particularly abrahamic monotheism, is poisonous and the fact that even modern western values are based on Protestantism is the cause of most of our modern problems.Our only hope is that Catholicism continues it's mutation into a goddess worshiping ancestor cult, possibly absorbing socialism in the process.
Christian morals so degenerate.2015honoring thy fatherdoing unto others as you would have them do unto youLoving your neighbourishiggydiggyditModern western values are precisely not based on religion, traditional values are. Or rather religion is based on traditional values.
Those values exist in other religions. Pretty much anything good from Christianity was adopted from pagans. When I talk about the poisonous christian values, I'm talking about Calvinism and the Protestant work ethic, responsible for both capitalism and communism, and the idea that there is only one absolute and any other viewpoints are heretical. This ironically, is the root of new atheism and scienceism. They basically preach Calvinism in all but name.
Pretty much anything good from Christianity was adopted from pagansDo you even Faith, Hope, and Love?
Christposting will actually probably end up killing this board completely, because it makes people like  think he belongs here.It's about to get a lot worse, since you guys do nothing to stop it.
Whether or not god is real has nothing to do with morality. Whether or not god exists would not change reality or truth about anything not regarding god itself or its relationship to the world - not anything about the world itself. Therefore any truth is still a truth regardless of god. Also, the fact that you value think morality disappears without god and choose god because you like morality is evidence that human beings value morality. If you were an atheist, you would be a moral atheist.
All those things can be found in other cultures. Abrahamism however perverts them.Christian "Love" is what makes a father abuse his children. Christian hope is what keeps people working dead end jobs happily serving their masters, and christian faith is the blind rejection of thought.The fact that such twisted values claim a monopoly on righteousness and morality is the reason evil looks so attractive today. The true degeneracy is how Christianity has degenerated the concept of love to a meaningless word.
implying they can't coexist
You need to read kierkegaard. And I'm a Calvinist, what is your objection?
Yeah sure, there's secular morality. Doing good for the sake of people liking you and thus making things easy for you. But what about when there's no chance of you being caught? If its purely tit for tat, if all that matters is mundane reward, why not steal when you can get away with it?
Kierkegaard a shit.And how does it feel to know your philosophy is responsible for all the evils of capitalism and communism? Does love make people work 18 hour days in a factory making T-shirts?
Socrates mirin, Aristotle telling Nietzsche to stay on the ground, hegel observing and predicting how it will end. perfect
Milbank points out the Kierkegaard's way of thought was actually much more Catholic than Protestant, which is why he disagreed so strongly with the highly Protestant Hegel
And how does it feel to know your philosophy is responsible for all the evils of capitalism and communism?It's not. And how does it feel to know your philosophy is responsible for all the evils of capitalism and communism?No, immorality of those in power along with the massive rise in human population make for an overly industrialised and materialistic world. You need only read the bible to understand that it is patently anti-materialistic.
He was against the sort of economic style of Christianity were if you scratch god's back he'll scratch yours. He believed in a personal always despairing faith "work out your salvation in fear and trembling".Calvinism abolishes the economic style of worship through the doctrine of predestination, this is partly why I believe it is closer to Kierkegaard than Catholicisism or Lutheranism.
The Protestant work ethic is the cause of this immoral materialism, it made a virtue out of accumulation of wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth. People thought and in a way still do they were building the kingdom of heaven on earth. As time went on, we just got so used to it we forgot how it started.And yes it is in contradiction to what Jesus taught. Just like how Islam is a religion of Peace except when it's flying planes into buildings.
Have you read this article? You might like it
Yeah it's a contradiction to what Jesus taught. So what support does it have. What support does the notion have in Protestant theology?You're like a bad Scientist "alot of protestant countries are capitalist therefore protestantism is capitalist". Arguably Jews are wealthier than protestants, where do they get their work ethic? Atleast there we can hypothesize zionism as a cause if we want to be the kind of people who jump to conclusions.
Calvinists don't believe in predestination any more.The Church of Denmark in Kierkegaard's time was basically Catholic in everything but the Pope.Kierkegaard's conception of ontology being totally transformed by theology is not Protestant. Protestantism is ontology transforming theology.
this if for
Protestant theology is limited to the Scotist notion of univocity of being, it s branch of the theological foundations of secular liberalism. Not all Protestants are capitalistic see the Hickside Quaker schism, but Protestant theology is part of the same tradition, the same core of thought that produced liberals and capitalism; it is the theological counterpart of these. This is why Luther gave "goods and services" immunity from theology.See OUTIS' summary here 
If they no longer believe in predestination I think it's a legitimate conclusion to reach if you accept the existence of the abrahamic god, which is why I'm against abrahamism. then how are you a Calvinist? What else is there to define Calvanism?And even if they no longer believe in that. Do you deny the role the Protestant work Ethic played in the creation of modern capitalism and industrialism, and by extension Communism?Toil for toil's sake is not something that should be glorified.
The Church of Denmark in Kierkegaard's time was basically Catholic in everything but the Pope.And he criticised it for the exact sort of "haggling with god".Calvinists don't believe in predestination any more.It follows from the five tenets and John Calvin stressed the absolute sovereignty of god.
One of the greatest tragedies in mankind's history may be that economics was hijacked by political philosophy.-- Thomas Sowell
I'm this posterI'm not a CalvinistI don't like Indulgences either, there's a lot more to Catholicism than that.You're literally the first Calvinist I've met who believes in Predestination. Which church are you a part of?
This is not meWhat even is the theological foundation of secular liberalism? Protestantism stands for the bible being the only source of authority. Again, what do you mean when you say Luther gave goods and services ummunity from theology? He certainly wanted to separate the church from the economy and he saw practices such as the sale of indulgances where you could buy yourself free from sin as a heresy. But it does not follow that he paved the way for capitalism.
The thread I linked answers literally every one of your questions.
Oh, and univocity of being was instrumental in the development of secularism and Protestantism.
Which church are you a part of?Non-state church in Sweden.You should note though that predestination is philosophically problematic concept, it's meaning is not exactly straightforward, neither is it's relation to free will.
Episcopal
The idea of predestination is pretty problematic. Though, I assume it means that the people born into grace are doing good just because it comes naturally to them. They aren't just faking virtue for the sake of winning GBP with God. I like that idea.
Why don't I belong here?Friend!Protestants don't believe works can get you into heaven or score points with God.Catholics know that all true virtue is allowing the Holy Ghost in. If you are letting the Holy Ghost's will take hold, you cannot be doing it for the sake of GBP
Missed it, now I see what you mean.The biggest problem is that no genuinely believing protestant could employ immoral business practices, simply because these things were not preached. What was preached was the bible.It's also an assumption to say that theology drove economic forces and not the other way around. There were unregulated economic forces before the birth of Martin Luther. I mean, what is the thesis, that Martin Luther invented capitalism without external influence?I have never denied that the protestant work ethic may have affected the progress of capitalism, but it is a different claim to say that the protestant work ethic is immoral. That would be like saying the organisational skills of the german people are immoral because they benefitted the army of the third reich. The protestant work ethic is about hard work and frugality, you will have a hard time construing it as the systematic exploitation of the working class or whatever is your ideological imperative.
HelloI guess you don't get that the change in dominum and things like univocity of being started quite a while before Luther. Lutheranism is a product of them, is what John Milbank was saying. Protestantism, capitalism and liberalism are all just symptoms.
Did you not say that protestant work ethic was the cause of immoral materialism? Because it seems that you have recanted that now.
And hats, don't forget the hats
if I greentext strawmen they automatically become true
No, I wasn't that guy. I was partially agreeing with him, but I wasn't himI posted here
It's decent shitpost since that is what fedoras think and OPs post is clearly a fedora bait.
I see.
I've never seen someone miss the point of a post completely. Ironically, what you posted described only yourself, as you seem to have seen a buzzword and spazzed out.
God, this shits dry. Post your driest literature ITT
Grapes of Wrath
God, this shits dry.not as much as your mother's sand bag
ITT we will post works not written in our native language. Upon posting them, we will solicit advice from other posters on the validity/excellence of reading these works in translation. The question before us, which we shall try to answer together, is: which great works lose little to nothing when they're translated, and which great works have such a heavy stylistic component that to get the best experience of them it is best to read them in their original language?inb4 "read all works in their original language." This would be ideal, of course, but impractical. Moreover, if this standard were strictly adhered to, you would need to learn more than a dozen languages to be well-read. Here's hoping we can find a happy medium.To start off: is Proust's doorstopper able to be read in English without losing much, or will I be seriously missing out unless I read it in French?
You must view the translation as a separate work of art, especially with a writer like Proust; but if you're reading the Modern Library translations they're all great works of art of themselves, and should still be read.
I want to punch you in the face, OP, specifically for your writing style.
I guarantee you will never be fluent enough to read and appreciate Proust if reading Proust is your sole motivation for learning French.
French is worth learning, period.
Yeah the translation is probably alright, but it's not Proust.
has read only 20 pages of volume 1 doesn't speak French say it's not French perpetuating this moronic translation memeo I am lauffin
Quoi ?
What do I do if I have a basic understanding of French, but my vocabulary just isn't strong enough to read any standard literature? I think taking lessons would be kind of unnecessary, since I'm familiar with the grammar of the language, but the vocabulary is the part that really holds me back.It seems best that I should read children's books in the language and go from there, but the thing is that I don't have any and don't know where to find them without having to spend a lot of dollars importing a ton of them.
FWIW I think Pascal probably translates well into English, despite its emphasis on style or rather because of the way that emphasis is handled.
That was meant for Also, this is relevant to me. I'm about 100 pages in and I'm realizing that a book like this must have been drastically altered by a translation. It makes me kind of sad that I can't read Proust's original version of it.
You sound like a faggot
Thanks for the help, anon. I can read French fluently now thanks to that tip. I can't express the depth of my gratitude to you.
I have the Stephen Mitchell I think is the name, too lazy to grab from bookshelf trans. of Rilke's Duino Elegies and Sonnets to Orpheus.The former in English by itself already makes me jizz buckets, but would learning German make me jizz all the buckets or nah?
I'm ashamed to admit I learned almost all of my vocabulary in english by watching tv shows and films with subtitles.And it is plenty enough for literature with the occasional help of a dictionary.As for French it might be more complicated but as long as you know the structure and the basic vocabulary everything else will come eventually.
I got a copy of the firat part translated, and I xoudlnt even begin to give a fuck about it, I read around 100 pages ans absolutely nothing happened, I mean, this baatard is famous for having written about eating a fucking muffin, wow, so fucking deep. And is full of useless, boring, literal descriptions.Right now I'm reading Pride and Prwjudice, and I feel that "in search..." is tthe kind of pompous shit Mr. collins would read. I assume it's popularity is due to its needless length.Ps I too hate your writing style op
translatedNo need to say more
Yeah, that's what I've been thinking, but I don't know what kind of activities to do in order to get there. Would it be a good practice for me to write my own translations of passages until I get used to understanding it instinctively?Thanks for the advice.
Proust is hard as hell to read, even for a native French speaker. It would take years of disciplined learning to understand even superficially the many intricacies of Proust's writing, which is characterized by highly complex syntax, antiquated vocabulary, subtle calembours, the occasional use of argot, etc. Each social milieu depicted in La Recherche has its own set of "signes langagiers" language game? which complicates things even further.In short, don't even bother. Read it in English.
Yes, german can be a pretty good language, a bit off putting at first because of it's bizarre grammar bizarre to us
What made you decide to just get a copy of it and start reading without any idea of what you're getting? The book isn't about plot, it's about beautiful prose.
Don't exagerate we're not talking about à rebours or whatever; Proust is perfectly understandable by the average french speaker.
mad about no plotliteral descriptionsPride and PrwjudiceMy rustles are jimmied.
Each social milieu depicted in La Recherche has its own set of "signes langagiers" language game?Whoa whoa whoa, are you talking Joyce-type shit, and you're saying it's completely, as in completely gone from English translations???
That exact same practice was used by an english teacher of mine, can't go wrong with that.I'm going ot bed but i'll also advice reading simple books not necessarily children's books but something like Camus, maybe reading the book and the translation right beside  I have an edition of Ficciones in 2 languages for that purpose.Good luck
I haven't read Joyce nor the English translation of La Recherche, so I can't comment on that, but let me say that the Verdurin and the Guermantes, for instance, speak in wholly different ways, and that the way they communicate the structure of the sentences, the choice of vocabulary, the wordplays says a lot about them as characters and the social milieu they're from. Proust spends a lot of time writing about the distinguished "esprit des Guermantes" which primarily manifests itself through language. Another example is Françoise : as a character, she is indissociable from her rudimentary, imperfect use of French, which the narrator often subtly jokes about.
I personally think Huysmans is easier to read than Proust. I also think you are greatly overestimating the reading comprehension of the average French speaker I am saying this from my experience as a bookstore clerk.
I'm not the guy you're talking to and I've only read Huysmans in translation, but isn't he known for using a lot of obscure words?
Proust is easy as fuckt. doing my dissertation on him
Sure, but his philosophical digressions are more restrained, and overall, he is easier to understand, at least for me. His novels are considerably shorter and easier to digest.
Oh ok, ok, I see what you mean. By my mention of Joyce, I meant the kind of playfulness as when he has an entire chapter progress from old to modern English to parallel a birth that's happening in the story, as opposed to simple little verbal nuances that denote something about a character's background.
Russian, if only for this and Pushkinone day, one day....
I like OP. Pretty sure I've talked to him in several threads. His writing style is distinctively fusty.
A lot of it is thesaurus playfulness, you can tell he chose the words for their pretty sounds and shapes and uses them to that effect. Which means a French native won't have much edg over an English native here, he'll just discover the words as he advances, which is the point I guess.Huysmans is fun and not all that difficult though certainly not a good idea for an intro into French.
Which works lose their style through translation?All literature, most philosophy. Which works lose little style and meaning through translation?Scientific papers, some English-language philosophers, Kant. Seriously, you should just learn the languages of the literature you're interested in. That's what I'm doing.
I am a web developer and I have been considering this idea for some time now but haven't had enough time to implement it. I'm inbetween projects this month and would like to put this together. The idea is an online literary journal which runs automatically for /lit/. I want it to be 100% community driven. My idea is to be able to submit a short story, chapter, philosophical discourse, political piece, book review, experimental literature, and so on, and let other submitters or community members vote on what should be included in the final publication each month.I want to make it clear that this is a /lit/ community project. I don't wish to moderate it or attempt to guide in any way the evolution of literature produced by us. Whether it result in political propaganda, overused memes, or genre fiction, I want it to be organic and uninhibited.At the end of each month the publication will be available for view online or download as a PDF which will be automatically generated in the format of the magazine. You will be able to subscribe to receive the entire PDF each month by e-mail. Does anyone have ideas on how the pieces should be submitted and voted upon? The obvious way is a sign-up to submit and vote on the web interface. Some alternatives I have considered: A process to crawl /lit/ and auto-submit anything replied to with "greenthesis" or an e-mail address that receives pieces.For voting I am not sure if it should be open to anyone and limited by IP address, by contributers only, or only by people who have been published in previous editions.Thoughts?
Yeah I'm a big fan of this idea. Although I would be hesitant to submit anything I worked hard on anonymously
what makes this better/different than reddit?
People should be able to choose if a name is published or not. Maybe a star or indication next to the name if it's someone who signed up on the site, to avoid imitation
Sounds like a very cool idea, would definitely use it a lot. I agree with the user above that submitting my work anonymously to be stolen is a bit sketchy, so profiles should be made
It would be a PDF each month of only the stories that were chosen. There would be no "discussion" as this wouldn't be a discussion website. If anyone wanted to discuss a story published they would make a thread here for that. It wouldn't be a place to go with its own culture- just a tool for /lit/ to use.
for voting there should only be an indication that it will be published or not, instead of showing how many votes it received, to avoid bias and masturbation
Maybe it should be so that you can subscribe to it and select subscription options to include new submissions. The e-mail that gets sent to you with the new submission includes instructions to reply to the e-mail, which will send a vote for it.How do you guys feel about web interface vs. just email?
Some added 4chan ideology instead of only reddit ideology on the upboats, I suppose.
I think discussion on the texts would be the biggest draw personally, but either way i think its a great idea
I would like to keep that on /lit/ so that the site doesn't become a community in itself. I can make stories individually linkable so that you can make threads about them
Also if any design fags are here feel welcome to put together a site design. I'm going to go ahead and program all the basic functionality but I'm not a designer. PDF design too.
 Well maybe the voting could take place on /lit/ directly by having dedicated threads and the ability to vote. As moot's successors won't be doing new stuff for the site just as he did one could write a userscript to get a voting-feature directly for these /lit/-threads. But another option would be to simply have these dedicated threads needs a website, maybe some identifyable image and a username-trip with submissions with them being votable by going to the site and entering the post-ID e.g. 6628105.Also I guess the content should be highly dynamic and open to voting as simple "book reviews" are too mundane/ordinary to crystallize anything worthy off /lit/.
Fuck off, faggot
Consider bilingual entries.
I have no idea how this could work since I'm kind of an idiot when it comes to web disgniang but my ego wants it done.
are literary journals coming back to /lit/?
This isn't a literary journal. Read the thread. There was a thread earlier this week about a new literary journal called ideology though.
The idea is an online literary journalu illiterate?
But that would limit the size of the submissions by a lot. I think it would be reasonable to submit your first chapter or something like that.
No accounts would be nice, but then the voting could be rigged easily...A bot that takes the stories from /lit/ would be godly, though. So long as it's one vote per 'zine and no "downvotes" I'm sold.
I want it to be 100% community driven. My idea is to be able to submit a short story, chapter, philosophical discourse, political piece, book review, experimental literature, and so on, and let other submitters or community members vote on what should be included in the final publication each month.Then why are you on /lit/?No one here knows what they are talking about, they are completely subjective, moronic, and NEET's who can barely even make the effort to shit post.GTFOPlus, most of the shit posted here is by /r9k/ and /pol/ anyways.
I second this idea
I've seen a couple ok things posted in the prose critique threads, and I have seen interesting opinions in the philosophy threads. alsopeople can only post on /lit/ and can't also go on other boardslol
Fishing pretty deep for a resume builder, huh.
I think you've just outlined reddit.
people can only post on /lit/ and can't also go on other boardsnot the point cuntpeople shitpost /pol/shitposts and /r9k/shitposts on a literary board. GTFO /r9k/tard
stop posting any time
Then GTFO with your faggy fucking idea.
Bump for interesting idea that will go nowhere
I guess the biggest unknown for me is if anyone will actually want to submit anything. I'll work on the site today to at least allow submission and e-mail subscription.
as everyone said, it's too reddit-yno one votes on anything here. that's really shittybump order would be betterbut be prepared to get trashthat's what makes this place what it is
No upvotes, only downvotes, the least downvoted stories/essays/whatever make it into the pdf, this would make it harder, albeit not impossible, to rig the vote. Most of the submissions will be shit anyway, so a downvote-only site would actually make even more sense.
i think you should simply implement this greenthesisand the replies to that post will be votesonly make a site for posting the pdfsfuck e-mailed pdfs
the thing about taking submissions directly from 4chan is that you get no formatting options at all.. you can't even give a title to the work. it's also limits the length a lot
bump from the 10th page. I'll be writing up the first version of everything this weekend and post a thread Monday taking submissions. I want to see if anyone has any other ideas before I implement all of this
really like this. bumping
two bumpsboth saying "I like this"hi op
I am totally unappreciated in my time. You can run this whole park from this room with minimal staff for up to 3 days. You think that kind of automation is easy? Or cheap? You know anybody who can network 8 connection machines and debug 2 million lines of code for what I bid for this job? Because if he can I'd like to see him try.
