Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
, 
, 
Post your favorite Latin phrasesET IN ARCADIA EGO
Cornelia et Flavia currunt in agris.
ET IN ARCADIA EGOBut it's only my favourite because it's engraved on the rifle of that other great favourite, Judge Holden.

e pluribus unumIt's pleb right? But it's drilled into me pretty hard
sapiens dominatur astris.the wise man rules the stars.
Veneratio Diaboli.Actually I prefer greek. So, my favourite phrase is "Apokastàsis Pantôn".
Cogito ergo doleo
underrated kek
caecilius est in horto
nihil sub sole novum
ab irato
cerberus est in viai did not expect them to all die horrible ashy deaths
mfw I was in AP Latin and I forgot half of these words
 fuggin rip Grumio
irrumabo lunamque acquirant pecuniam
Mfw Book II was infinitely shittier

coitus interruptus tfw you don't have kids
it had so much potential too
it was all over the place - flipping around britain and egypt, who gives le fuck I don't even remember what happened in Book III other than the campground slaughter, it was so big I just blanked out
Non serviam.
it would have better if it was only in britanniathem sexy iceni war maidens
et cuaqumque viam dederit fortuna sequamur."and lets follow the path, whichever it may be that fortune has set for us"

sunt lacrimae rerum et mentem mortalia tangunt
chinga tu madre

alea iacta estthe die has been cast
Ad majorem Dei gloriam:^
Vae Victus.
purely from the sound, I had it stuck in my head all dayDolce et decorm est pro patria mori
suggest books about male masochism, the most contemporary the better
Write what's on your mind
"If this thread was on reddit, I would downvote it"
これメルドは何ですかHeeeeeyaheeeeey, koremerdewanandesuka?
These chicken fingers are delicious Plato's early dialogues are surprisingly fucking tedious holy shit I love Star Trek even though to be honest like half the episodes are pretty shitty
Steve McQueen jumped the first one clean, but the great escape he'd tried to make was not to be. Maybe next time, Steve.
 macaronic languageO dieu qu'il m'a donnée la souffrance have mercy on me. O lawd
the regan girl /lit/ is obsessed with started coming here yesterday is a shittier version of fantano with a weirder, more sexualized cult-following, and a very less nuanced intellectual grasp of the art she's reviewing than fantano has.
would hang out withhave you read euthyphro
in fairness, I've been coming here for years, and this is literally the first time I've seen this personyou're not wrong, tho
"Something interesting should happen already"
started coming here yesterdayProve it mister.
I wish I enjoyed readingas much as I enjoy reading the Internet. It's embarrassing.
first impressions of /lit/:1. dfw is nothing more than a meme2. everybody loves themselves some buzzwords3. YA is pathetic, and john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoying4. existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.
Ditto friend.
She's not trying to be fantano or even a shitty Marcel with some sort of critical aspiration. She's just some person talking about books she likes and /lit/ losers fap to that.Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"
I have an appointment in the afternoon, I don't know when.If I fail to attend, these people will stop the money I get from the government for being a shut-in with behavioural problems.This is fair, as I've entered into a contract with them, however, I'm not as concerned about this as I'm told I should be.As I retreat more into my own personal fantasy, it becomes harder to concentrate on real things, and they begin to seem distant and unimportant, like that scream from the street that you shut out at four AM, and turn over in your bed to forget.I'll miss the money, next week, of course, but I can rationalize it all away, even knowing deep down I just didn't want to get out of bed.
I'm excited to read more books.
I like reading and writing, so why does english class suck classical english dick so much?
Fantano is now the face of "intellectually grasping art"relative to that chick, yes. honestly though, he devotes a ridiculous amount of time to music, and has cultivated a fantastic sense of taste which he always backs up logic and thoughtfulness. I might not always agree with him, but I always can always be like "hm. I understand where he's coming from."
I just finished reading The Metamorphasis, In the Penal Colony, and numerous other Kafka short stories. I feel like I have a solid grasp on them, but am putting off starting The Trail because while I find his works to be extremely high quality, I don't really enjoy reading them.I always like reading non-fiction, the news, or textbooks because I am interested by events, I just have a hard time getting into a story that really has no bearing on the real world, but idk maybe I'm a giant fucking pleb ;^/
The dfw memeing is post-post-irony
Today at work a guy who had quit was visiting to say hi and when I went up to greet him he was very unfriendly to me and I can't stop thinking about this it's really bothering me ..
nearly this same thing happened to me yesterday. Except I think I was the mean one. I can't tell a lot of the time
I'm starting to fall for the other woman.
I don't really believe a thing she says. Another girl is involved and, while I look forward to interrogating her a real skill of mine, I almost don't want to hear what I know to be the truth I told myself that if it turns out she wasn't lying, I'd really go for her and treat her right. But I think that's just a part of the game I play with myself. Life is lacking in momentum. Though I have a tendency toward control and hunger for knowledge I've used a girl not liking to admit she's raped as a control experiment to see if she was lying about something else, going back and forth between the two, I've realized that a visceral life is more stimulating I think the favorite moment in my life so far was a year ago. Being drunk for a few days straight, each sip feeling amazing. She was this good looking, kind of man eating slut that I was intimidated by. We were listening to a lot of Lana Del Rey that day and she'd sing along 'RyAnn!' replacing the song's 'My Mann'That morning we had woke up at 3am, drunk, and started drinking. She said she was never going to get married, and I told her I was going to marry her. That day she called her mom and said she was going to marry meI don't think I've ever loved anything as much as I loved her that daySoon after the story above I lost my job, then, because of the girl, I kind went crazy, got 5150'd and kicked outThis habit of mine might get in the way of my urge to make money, but I think the thought of doing this on a grander scale is arousingI found it weird that he was a fag
I should go to sleep so I'm not so tired that I show up late to my new job again. I really want to play some games though.I really want to fuck my roommate/ex HS crush again. Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?I really want to fuck in general, actually, but she's around and we've fucked before, sooo...I should read something so I can participate in /lit/ discussions at some point. Or at least recognize who's spewing bullshit more effectively.I'm experiencing mental tension with my job even though the work isn't slimy or even profiting anyone directly yet. This may be a broader tension with working in general. This may be a broader yet tension with having a consistent schedule and approaching financial comfort. That shouldn't produce tension, should it?My poetry feels like a waste of time but I'm still compelled to write.
I have a strong desire to start writing short stories but lack the experience to even know where to start and have to much fear of producing shallow trash.
should I close this thread or reply to somebody's post? I feel like telling the poster above me that a journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step, but I guess I won't. Oh well, I hope they figure it out on their own. I'm tired. I think I'll go to bed now.
"I was frozen, today"With Debussy in the background

I feel kind of guilty for not reading anything in a long time. I feel like if I bought an e-reader it would motivate me, but I can't really justify spending the money on a new gadget I might not even use much. I'm pretty torn.
What if Las Vegas wasn't just a tourist trap, but a time traveler trap?
Das it manI was at about 45min
Sıkılmak bile sıkıcı değil artık
That didn't come out like I wanted it toAndnot liking to admit she's been* raped
I need to be provided with structures. I'm only interested in discussing structures. Otherwise I'm wasting my time. I need a structure to overcome a break up. After years of... I felt the urge to hit 'esc' and not post this because I was afraid my post would be trite. Imagined another man groping my ex gf boobs and this made me feel grief and loss. Brainless. Brainless tumor. Being stuck in these kinds of grief makes your world smaller. You start caring about small things. You forget your purpose, you forget how to feel. You won't be famous or remembered if you keep paying attention to this. Ok. I don't know how to cope so... should I ask my mother about this again? Not confessional prose again, please, at least don't make judgments or statements. Only facts. You abandoned your friend, maybe he felt the way you feel now. Maybe mabye ah bah bah bah. Feeling trite. I was negligent. To be interested in structures and to need structures makes me prone to be a victim of trite things. Again, that's a judgment but I'm not sure. I can't discern. Never read the Greeks. Ok, I get it. Those give you the fundamental structures. You've been wasting your time. Nobody has time for that. Not me. Excuses. All of them. Just kill yourself. Forget about killing yourself. That's not a thought you can rely on. You don't always want to kill yourself. Uncertainty in the brain almost perpetually. Just forget about it. Self-help sentiments. Is that what... Uh.
Is part of the pain due to the persuasive lie that we have personal agency in the forms of liberty, equality, freedom, etc.? Like Zizek claims with his story about the traditional authoritarian boss vs. the modern friendly boss: the pain of forced cooperation against your interests under the threat of punishment is easier to handle than the pain of someone convincing you that you WANT to work against your interests. Big Brother doesn't whip you until you comply, he bores into your brain and controls your thoughts. He CHANGES you.Failures of design and circumstance have been transferred onto us. Serfs never had to worry about getting ahead. It was made very clear that they never would. When modern systems fail us, it is in fact OUR FAULT. College is too costly? Work harder. Go into debt. Or you are a huge loser failure. You don't want to be a loser. You love to work hard. You are fine with payments. You love to learn new things. Can't miss out on those college parties!Why can't they lay it out bare? It will actually hurt our feeling less. YES we require a degree to hire you. YES we are jacking up tuition to build a football stadium. YES the professor has a new edition of his handout that you can only get at the university bookstore. Give it to me straight, Mr. Dean! I don't want this, you wan't this. HR wants this. They are scrambling my brain up and making me feel bad.
I woke up early and I feel bad, although I'm not sure why. I need to go to an interview at a university I really want to go to and I'm rather anxious about not making it, albeit there's no reason for me to be doubting that I won't.I am also forced to do work-related recreational things because my boss insists that if we would it'd help our ability to work. Things like sports and such.
Last time I saw her, she had "say yes" written in sharpie on her left arm. A cloth bracelet that had a sewn patch on her right. She must have sewn it in herself, it said "love" in a cursive pink. She told me she used to be a candy kid, and I could tell by her mannerisms that she'd never hurt a thing in the world, except maybe herself. To see her smile the way she did tore me in two, but not in the bullshit teenager way. This was a full grown this-girl-is-basically-married-and-will-never-see-me-in-that-light kinda way. And here I am crying about it in a mongolian yurt making factory, in some sort of stupid and confused frenzy that I can't express anywhere else in the world. On the other hand, I want to feel this way. I want to take all of the nice feelings of love and just concentrate them in a person I can't ever be with. That way, I can focus on my work. It doesn't help me sleep at night, but having a tiny corner of my life where I can just bury all my feelings is the easiest way to avoid feeling brokenhearted, or abandoned, and in a way, lonely. Because I accepted all of these things at least a year ago, I accepted that's how I'm going to feel and goddamn it, I'd rather move on with my life and try to create something with some sort of artistic merit than try to cure those feelings.Maybe next time i'll choose not to see her at all
that feel when no gf
You mean you didn't mean to sound like a complete asshole, or that you did mean to sound like an asshole? You actually come across as just an asshole.
This, basically. It saves you a lot time and effort. USE IT.
The last few months I've been progressivelly feeling more and more that I should, nay that I need to find someone to love. That wouldn't be all that bad in itself, but I also feel like everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by basic people. It's not that I don't have fun or enjoy the stuff I do...it just feels like months since I talked to a real person. And it's all the worse that I have this image, this anima, haunting me - I fall for every other chick I meet, only to realize over and over that there's nothing mysterious or interesting about her, her or her. I'm affraid of the possibility that nothing can compare to the bizzarely numinous experience I had the first time falling in love.I don't know, maybe the problem is that I'm slowly unbecoming a person myself - too lost in my books and wild theories of the reality, I become distant from what was once relevant. Is that a good thing or a bad thing? I'm either a schizo or pratyekabuddha - either way, I'm fucking lonely, with just my family of the dead to keep me company.
She is my spliced half. My heartrate spikes and I start to fidget when thinking of her. She has restored my faith in the human capability for romantic love, and I can't have her because I am in a loveless bond with a person I cannot stand that lives two hundred miles away from me.I should buy milk and fish. My omega-six levels are dropping and they are necessary for proper brain function as they balance out the already-prevalent omega-three fats present in grain products and red meat.Maybe killing myself will solve both of these problems.
What is post post irony?
why the fuck can't I quit porn/fappingjesus christ I don't understand why this is so goddamn hard for me. either I'm bored and have too much time on my hands so I fap or I feel like shit for one reason or another and I need to fap to feel better. I guess I lack willpower. don't know how I'm supposed to build some up.bleh
Is this a true account?
You're depressed and bored, man. Put yourself on a schedule, start working out, get 3 hours of sun/fresh air every day. I cut it down to 3x a week, which is the minimum if you don't want to get prostate cancer. You can do it.
You're devolving into an infantile state of shutting out the world stimulus in order to create your own zone of artificial stimulation that is also not uncoincidentally directly linked to and controlled by your survivalist genes of procreation. Never mind the fact that you're tricking yourself -- that every attempt made to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.Every attempt to find life ends up a crusty tissue beneath your bed.
I think experiencing different aspects of life creates depth, and that fulfilling desires creates wisdom You not wanting to possess a girl is too self defeatist, and speaks about how little you strive for, which is indicative of how far you won't goI feel like getting 'structure' from outside sources, especially needing to, especially wanting to get it from the greeks is for stupid people who will never be greatLooking for process for process's sake. I'd rather look for greatness, look for what makes sense, and let process eventually come from thatThen there's people like Joyce who genuinely think that their rapid, mindless expressions are is itself a worthy process. Everyone thinks he's great, but that isn't why. It's from the confidence it takes to think your fly by the moment thoughts are artWhen I was younger, tripping on acid, I was talking to this guy also tripping. Because of how socially inept I was, I felt that being overly cartoonish was a good way to connect with people. I sensed him mock me so I hit him in the stomach and brought my focus inward instead of trying to socialize with that faggot. Then.. he thanked me. I didn't pay attention to why, because I knew the real reason. No one knows what the fuck they want, and they're happy to be a part of the exercised will of someone that does, even if it's negative. To experience that gives them a moment of clarity and purpose, and the fact is, I doubt the greeks were much different And I definitely echo your thoughts on grief. For me it's obsession over a girl, I lose myself Idk, it just didn't I post like that often, sometimes it's right, sometimes it isn't
That one good post on lit tiday. Have a good one mate.
Bottom link onWas meant for youI didn't have enough direction in the post. It's easier when I say stories, then to go into detail how I feel, or go into too much detail about past events
After kicking coke and painkillers, now that I can't get fucked up none of my friends hit me up anymore - only when they want a cigarette they enthusiastically say it too, "Bro!! Let's smoke!!".Fuck it depresses me /lit/. I've known those guys since grade school and now soon as I can't go out and get fucked up with them it's not just going to parties, it's sitting around in a room splitting grams of coke and getting all paranoid, they never come over and see me.I'm considering moving out of the city to Los Angeles only a few hours away since in my town, you know who you know and that's it. Finding new friends is near impossible.
Where do you live?
Fresno - well, more specifically Clovis.
Fuck them. They're clearly not even remotely your friends if the only merit they see in you is getting drugs off of you. But I guess that's what drug fiends are like. Disgusting. I'd go for it anon, not necessarily LA but just any city where you feel you can get a fresh start. It's not worth it being in touch with such a bunch anyway, so it's not your loss.
How old are you?
Isn't that pretty cool your friends are in some way looking out for you?Why would they, junkies, want you, a non-junkie, to come to their ways again? They know they're into it, and they know you've made the right choice, or they'd be inviting you nay nagging you to come do coke with them.Despite this, as junkies do, they could easily forget your existence altogether, so stuck in their microcosms they are, but nay these friends of yours still hit you up, and the only way they know to bond is through chemical ritual, and so they in their ways invite you to have a cigarette with them -- they sound enthusiastic because you're their fucking bro and you don't speak much anymore so when you do they want it to be worth something, they'll be enthusiastic.Don't take it personal anon, you can't force them to change their ways, and even if you could would you want to? Probably not -- kudos for kicking the drugs man, if you feel like you're wanting to move out of state, to a new scene probably the best thing for a recovering addict, start thinking about it --not worrying about it, just ponder on it.
Where the eagle glides ascending There's an ancient river bending Down the timeless gorge of changes Where sleeplessness awaits I searched out my companions, Who were lost in crystal canyons When the aimless blade of science Slashed the pearly gates. It was then I knew I'd had enough, Burned my credit card for fuel Headed out to where the pavement turns to sand With a one-way ticket to the land of truth And my suitcase in my hand How I lost my friends I still don't understand.luck anon. Godspeed.
The draw of Los Angeles is that it's relatively close and it's a big city. I'm young and I'd like to live somewhere not so dead end as any city between Los Angeles and San Francisco tends to be.I remember when they weren't like that though and as much as I try not to, I cling to that image of them. Young, hopeful, etc. They think they're going to be the next fucking George Jung because they sell lines at parties. I'm 18, almost 19.
I like your outlook on it and god, I love your positive attitude....but I know these guys. Anyone who doesn't get fucked up is a faggot to them. I might as well be dead to them at this point. I live within 5 minutes of them and in the past almost 3 months of sobriety have only seen 2 out of around 11 of them once or twice.It's not so much that they care too much about me to not invite me along, they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partake, or more likely the reasoning, someone who isn't going to put in money to buy said drugs.
I never much listened to Neil Young but this is great. Thanks anon.
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices? Could it be as bad as I think it is?Probably, but some people can make it work. I don't know if I'm one of those people. I'd shave my head but I'm also balding down the middle of my head too.It's like a straight line. It's so unnatural. I don't understand how this shit happens.All my life I've hated how my hair looks and now that I'm losing it; I hate it even more. ;_;
Why the fuck did she walk out of her room in her underwear with a sheen of leftover shower water on her skin?Becuase she wants your D homo
I want to sleep.
Their life is drugs of course you are dead to them -- it either transpires that the drugs were the only thing making you friends in the first place, in which case it would seem natural the bond dissipates as your curtail the drugs, or that without the drugs you wouldn't have remained friends in the first place - people change etc. Either way you're not missing out on anything, but rather working towards more a person who maybe, in a few years, your friends could see and feel a well of pride, and then, sadness or something -- but it would all be well and good. they just don't want to waste time hanging around someone who isn't going to partakeThey're ashamed, man; you wouldn't invite a catholic priest to your orgy would you?Really, coming from someone who's dropped contact with many people he loved and still loves to death.
I feel you on that, more or lessI don't have anyone on my same wave length, I've been burning the people I used to connect with to the filter and I need to meet new people and generally focus on other thingsI don't think there's anything wrong with unbecoming a person. When I was younger I went through a phase where I couldn't read anything new without it making me feel like everything I had previously thought was wrong. I started asking myself questions, the answers of which are the foundation of who I am as a person Writing my theories helped a lotYour friends call you to smoke cigarettes?That sounds like I joke but I'm I'd probably hangout with you if you want. MaybeI was doing 8balls by myself when I was 16, and your general story sounds far fetchedI'm in Oakland
The hair on the back of my head is thinning. I wonder if anyone notices?If they are a cool individual, they don't notice because, genuinely, who the fuck cares.Keep focusing on what is inside your skull instead of what is on your head.
I'm in L.A. anon, I will be the guy at the beach playing harmonica and reading books in the hammock on the weekend. I hope you the best for you, good luck.
blake and joyce and everyone fell asleep at once though I've told them twice not to touch my teeth or else I'll parse a patterned subject with holy high notes swirl around in spinal fluid blood boil rib rinse eyes dry tongue tied let me fuck you then fuck me then we can lie down and try to sleep in the middle of the day otherwise I'll have to maintain homeostasis in an infinite tumble of mind manners and monster emotions.
What city do you live in?I was thinking of Hollywood cause a studio there is pretty cheap. Same with Koreatown. I spent a lot of time in Venice/Santa Monica and Bel Air when I was younger. I've had a love affair with the city since I could remember. That sounds like the life to me though anon. I don't need much. An easy, slightly above minimum wage job - ideally a record store or guitar center where I worked until just recently, pays just enough for a studio that I can come home to and work on my writing.
Your outlook's starting to influence mine a bit.I'll miss them. I love them to death, but if I didn't get sober that death would probably be coming a lot sooner. Two close calls to cardiac arrest were enough for me to call it quits. Love those guys, but it's time to move on.Funnily enough, they called me a few minutes ago wanting a cigarette. They're walking around my neighborhood car shopping opening car doors to see if they're open then stealing what you can out of them. I sat back and realized that I'm content in rather sitting inside posting on /lit/ The party was fun while it lasted
I've lived in Venice and done work all around the city: let me tell you, between the west side venice/santa monica/palisades/ brentwood/mar vista/marina del rey vs the inner city and valley downtown, k-town, valley, etc. is a fucking huge gap in overall enjoyability. The west side is beautiful, relaxed, and active. The inner city is flat, ugly, strained, and void of any non-exclusive activity. If you move to LA, make sure you're on the west side.
I live in Santa Monica. I'm a History teacher for Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District. If you are not materialistic, which it sounds like you aren't, you will do just fine in life.
I've got a lot of family in Fresno. I live a couple hours away from Clovis...I'm not saying we could, you know, meet up and trade books or anything, but...
Why should I do anything? Because it makes me happy.Why should I care about my happiness? It feels nice.Will it feel nice after I am dead? No.So it doesn't matter since time is fake, it may as well be 100 years from now it just happens not to be. The only other reason I have to do anything is to make other people's lives easier but that doesn't matter either because they will all be dead.Sure, in 50-70 years we may get powerful enough AI to replicate human brains, but even then, it is worthless. I know I need to simply distract myself with travelling and a girlfriend and a fulfilling job but I feel like it is something like Pandora's Box. Once it is open it you can never revert to the previous state, I can never forget how worthless everything is. I know a lot of you guys think about this sort of thing but the only solutions I have found are sleights that don't actually solve it.
209 REPRESENT LOL
Thing is, as we get older, friendship cliques become sort of cemented in a way - like political structures comprised of bodies with individual roles; a jester, a brick-head, a butt of the joke, perhaps a matriarch or patriarch -- so as we move out of the friendship groups we grew up with, became a person with, and then move away from that past, it's like an ego shock..you seem foreign to the people outside of the clique you grew with, and other people can seem foreign to you, and everyone is comfortable in their cliques and doesn't want to disrupt their status quo by inviting a new body into their social-political sphere.This cliqueism gives rise to an entirely interesting sect of outcasts, of people who went, say, against the grain out of their own sheer will - these people, your person, my person, can affect change.You seem so blase about giving up the drugs, you don't talk of the struggle, and it is like a kizmet that your friends just now called you - you don't mourn the past and you are content, don't even have to say it. We probably miss the bond, the ritual, the effortlessness, let the drugs do the walking - muscles atrophied. Exercise. Exorcise.
of course horse, I'd be down bahaha my condolences, though in the valley we all commiserate
Come visit SLO when you can, my man
You know, before I checked myself into rehab I allowed myself one more weekend of excess. I locked myself into my room with 3 grams of cocaine, some food/water, cigarettes, my music and some books.The final line of cocaine that I railed, that final sliver of glamour, as soon as it all went up, I dropped to my knees clutching my head bawling knowing that it was the end of an era for me. That might've been the absolute lowest point of my life. Lying fetal position on my floor, some 3 odd days without sleep or shower, 20 pounds underweight. What you've described to me though is my biggest fear. That I'll never make a little group of friends like that again. Without school, I have no idea how to make friends in the real world. Maybe it's just because I'm young but I just honestly see no way to make friends without something like school to lock enough people into a small space where relationships MUST flourish.
I am almost 30, fat, single, but nonetheless, happy.
The level of social maturity on this board is a joke
So 3 grams lasted you 3 days, and you went to rehab with that habit, and you're relating to a kid who apparently used to split a gram with 11 friends and currently only sees them to smoke cigarettes
Actually, I'm passing through there soon. My parents are moving to Santa Maria soon.
I don't relish the thought of replying to an idiot and liar But I think if you were to enter a certain scene, like going to a given club every weekend, you'd eventually start to see how small that scene was and you'd meet people
I'm the kid in question.
idiot and a liarI'll concede to idiot but why would you call me a liar?
4chanMaturitypick one
I realized that
It could've been my phrasing, I didn't mean I lied on the floor for 3 days - I just meant that it was 3 days TO that point.
I don't think you realize what you realize.
Like I said, your general story sounds far fetched. Like you have no idea what you're talking about, because you obviously don't Unlese you're being ironic or something, which I can tell you aren't, when you have a coke habit it doesn't feel like gloryI can't imagine 3 grams lasting more than half a day for someone with an addictionI'd expect at least some level of depth
I realized it after the factAt first I thought there where two fantasy filled children in this threadI hate being 'that guy', which I always am, so I'll leave this thread for the night
How did Arabs make such a big deal about the eradication of Paganism and pagan idols, yet Egyptian monuments still stand? It's one thing to claim your hand made stone carving is a vessel of a minor god you worship for personal peace, it's another to have great massive monuments dedicated to men believed themselves gods, worshiping other gods in a polytheistic system. Not just attributing partners to god, but believing they ascended to divinity. And yet the statues of Arabia got smashed and the sphinx still stands.HOW THE FUCK DID THIS HAPPEN?
When it's your entire reason for existence and it's all gone, yes - it's glorious. I knew it was fucked up but I knew my life would flip upside down after that night.I was being facetious though.
Man I love Kill Me Baby.
i have a job interview tomorrow, i hope things go okay
good luck anon
I crave intimacy and attention but deliberately distance myself from my family. I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be asked. My expectations are way too high and I'm unwilling to do anything I don't like regardless of how it might affect the people who matter and my own potential. I plan to leave the country and part of the reason why is the vague hope that it's this society that's caused by depression, frustration and double-standards. I fantasize about all my problems being solved by the addition of a girlfriend but am terrified of the responsibility at the same time.
the pig was named porkshire. he lived in england, and he hated the police. one day a sweet woman was watering her weeds. porkshire trampled her pretty lawn and she called the department of sherrifs. he arrived in his police car and brought porkie into the back. he made a mess shitting on the backseat. the first incident of precise sabotage the pig plans to undertake.
sheriffs in police carsenglandremove yourself
I have friends but I never take the initiative to do stuff with them and always wait to be askedplease try to change this, as one of those guys that always has to take initiative it's mentally exhausting after a while and gives the impression that you secretly hate me
If you can get any, take 10mg of Valium before the interview. It will eliminate the nervousness without clouding your mind. Don't drink any coffee or take anything else stimulating either.when they ask you if you have any questions say " no....but is there anything I haven't elaborated on or explained well enough during the interview? " or words to that effect. It turns the questioning on its head and shows an air of confidence.
Ah dude, hang around, it's ok.
I hope you really fucking cock up the interview, anon, I hope you have bogies hanging our ya nozzies and that ye stutter and spit on the interviewer like sporruy bossYou will live on pavements rest of life.
But if you've had bad experiences with people agreeing to do things with you when you were young, it's very scary to ask people to keep to a commitment you created. Not to mention having done it so few times there's a strong fear of doing something that you feel you should be very experienced at doing by now.
But anon, if time is fake then your happiness is forever.
LemonsToday I had been walking back from work as I always had, with a friendIt was an amiable walk, like most nights under the lithe moonlightFor the past fortnight, from the crepuscular to the consummation of peregrination, he had never stopped pining over his lemons;incessantlyThen came my epiphany, elicited after my evocation in a stentorian pule..."LEMONS""LEEEH- MONSSS!!!!"I had thought, at the time, that I had never shrieked louder in my entire lifethen, the rasps licked and mingled with our ears and minds, silence had come back as quick as it had left usAt this point I was profoundly forlorn, and for the rest of our meandering, I glared the pavement all the way back home, as if the ground itself was the draconian antagonist in my journeyConcerned, as he should, many an inquiry came out of him, ebbing as the realization that I was beyond succour took its seat in his mindI told him about my lemonsthey would never stopand everybody else had even more lemonsand they too, would never stopConsummation came with an apology as we parted wayswell that was my day /lit/, non-fiction for you fags
They only destroyed that giant stone buddha with explosives, didn't they? If islamists were to destroy the sphinx now, half of egypt would want to kill them ruins tourist business.
I'm too sleepy I guess I should go sleep damn it's already past 6AM I said I would be there around 9 maybe I should just stay awake confusion in her eyes that says it all she's lost control she mentioned liking post-punk I wonder if she likes this shit it's been more than a month I guess if I stay up and do that til 10 I can sleep about four hours after then try to sleep in regular hours tonight what is this smell did he just shit on the hall again I'll clean after I come back then sleep but why would she never message again after all she said I need to study it will be at the end of July I can't postpone it anymore Carl is gonna ask me about it in the party most likely I hope I have started by then to at least be able to sound convincing the download has finished 50 minutes plus a shower then go it's perfect timing I wonder if they will at least let me change the office priorities cause chosing the one next to her as my number one choice was foolish well damn it's really smelling bed maybe if I open the window I can just ignore it but it's a nice city anyway and it will be a good experience but it will feel shitty regardless and I don't even know French maybe start with something that covers the basics of everything then just branch to whatever I'm not comfortable with I wonder if there is a book that has all the basics like that maybe I should write one if there isn't cause it could be really useful I don't think that is I'll sleep for 4 hours and then google the books I need and make a study plan I think he will message me today wanting the thing deployed so I should deploy it first since it won't take long it says it's my birthday there maybe she sees it and comes to say something nice this bass line is really good she's lost control again she's lost control again but new dawn fades is so much better I guess this is more famous just because it's more catchy but still very good maybe I should deploy it now because if I watch the episode there's a chance I'll fall asleep hope he doesn't ask about it til afternoon shit it was the last one I'll go buy another pack and watch it the plan was to try to stop today maybe I'll reduce the amount from this pack onwards or I'll wait until next week cause by then I'll be done with my job guess I'll start studying next week then as well but I should definitely make that study plan otherwise I'll lack the motivation I miss we both been busy and coming to leave a message to each other every two hours or so she even asked if I wanted to call so we could talk while she was painting I need to download the subtitles if there aren't any yet there's no big deal I can understand everything everytime anyway I should just watch without it this time I will fetch the usb disk to copy it I don't even know if I'll pass the interview anyway maybe I'm stressing over nothing where's my lighter I can smoke one on my way back her paintings are really good though
I don't think that it's really shameI'd say its more out of "Wow that guy is a total dweeb, can't believe he's gonna choose a job and a suit over this kush"also "Well that Catholic Preist will only partake in our orgy if there's some children, can't really have him come along"
I wish you good luck!
You guys know it's not that hard to get a gf right? Put yourself out there, do some exercise, look like you're having fun.
What a useless post/er.
I am plagued by indecisiveness. I am hypocritical. I find myself craving human affection and attention constantly, yet rejecting opportunities in which I can attain such. My reasoning for these actions has yet to be found. I have recently become obsessed with the certainty that anything I bring into this world, whether it is human or plant or creation, will decay, and die. Surely this may be “babby’s first nihilistic crisis”, but nevertheless, these ideas are beginning to define my ways of thinking. I feel incapable of loving people. I have no idea as to why, but the ability seemed to have left me. I solely initiate breakups. It’s never the other party, always me. I have this hypocritical of wanting nothing more than a relationship, then immediately regretting it, and wanting to breakup. I’m spineless, constantly afraid of others judgement, yet crave insults and attacks on myself, possibly to reassure myself that I’m a spiteful and horrible person. My actions may sometimes show otherwise, I will not think twice about helping someone, or spoiling them. Is this to cover up my inner and more abhorrent thoughts? I claim to be a “writer”; Lord knows I can’t write for shit. I have no motivation in reading anymore.
I hope that guy replies, I hope we have similar interests, I'm hungry, yeah because I didn't eat anything today because I felt slightly sick yesterday and had no appetite today.
Getting to the stage where it's possible to break up is a good first step though. You need someone to shape you.
thinkgen bout demiurge
There was a gf I believed was way into me, gave me all the signs, asked me out for milkshales after school and all.When I asked her out last week she shook her head, said no and was ice cold the next day.If a girl who shows me signs like that denies me, it's not easy to do.And besides, where do i meet girls anyway?
holy shit you are the worst kind of poster and represent everything wrong with youth literary culture.
Why do you hate gnosticism so much?
muh exclusionary secret knowledgeThough I guess that's not as bad as people who read up on it as an "alternative"
I think he was triggered..
Not that guy but man, you could've had put it in more sophisticated terms. You know, we gotta keep up the image we don't have.
If you mean getting a gf for the sake of getting a gf, it isn't that much.But finding someone that you love, that you trust, that you get along well, that you like every quality and yet don't care about any of her flaws, that are able to be copletely honest with without judgement, that you see yourself spending the rest of your life with and that feels all this towards you as well is really really hard anon, don't fool yourself.
It's proving pretty hard for me to find any kind of gf...
Gnosticism is a branch of knowledge, not really a fucking dazzling coat to prance around in.
WHERE DO I MEET GIRLSHERE
I don't know mate, think, how do you gain all you social contact - what do you USE to gain all your social contact? How could YOU USE what you currently use to gain the rest of your social contact, to also get a girl.
I have only one friend and all we usually do is get high and play cards/video games.He did invite me to a party on the 14th so maybe then, but I suck at parties
You suck at parties?I guess you suck at parties then..Doomed/dismissed - fail forever. Have fun!
Never said that, but the memeing seems a bit unnecessary, especially for the posters sake. Also I wouldn't really say that it's a branch of knowledge, but rather a spiritual/phillosophical system built around a historical record of certain kind of experience. But that's just me nitpicking.
Well then don't say getting a gf isn't much then you dumb shit
tbh what a lot of people used was being forced into contact through things like tutorials. What they need is to gain contacts outside of institutional compulsion.I can't really talk though because my friends are 1 my tutor group 2 my housemates and 3 my d&d group
Welcomed nitpicking, is always welcomed!Yeah maybe Gnosticism needs a bit of bite to it - like at the moment it's a ghost and we gotta put ghost in the machine.
fyi you are replying to a different person lolby "isn't that much" I meant "that much hard" at least compared to the other stuff in the post
Boy goes up to girl: Boy: HiGirl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?Youposter 6621944: I will fuck you.Me: There must be something wrong with this girl. Alright, I'll see you later and let you deal with your things, i'm pretty neurotic already and don't want to be dealing with your shit.Get it? Neuroses in a guy is not attractive - girls are not attracted by neurotic men - you are neurotic. And you feel as if you pity yourself, which feeds the neuroses, making you more neurotic, and you complain more about not having a girlfriend, and you become uglier and more unattractive with every neurotic thought that wonders, no cries 'why haven't I got a girlfriend'/'why haven't I been given a girlfriend' etc. If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.
joyce pls go
I know you meant the difficulty, but when you can't even give me a good answer as to where to look it obviously isn't that easy now is it.
isn't that just one of those things they say to start a conversation and get complimented
I find there's quite a few ghosts skulking around the attic. And as for producing the god from the machine, that's our job, right?
Girl: No one will ever date me - it's so hard to find a boyfriend. Why?it's so hard to find a boyfriendtop kekI know what you mean with my mentality being rotten, but that is only because of recent events: Before that I was positive and went flat on my ass, and now have to start from nowhere since I don't know where to look and saw this one girl as the perfect opporitunity that doesn't come by that often.I'm close to just downloading tindr or whatever
Way too much Gnostic thought has been lost. Plugging the gaps with bits from other religions doesn't cover it.
Again, I wasn't the one who gave you that answer lolBut it isn't that easy, but also not that hard anon. Like, it's probably medium leaning a bit to the hard side.But a lot of the hardship you see in it isn't really there but in your head.
tfw I downloaded tinder and have it on my phone but immediately stopped it from accessing the internet and hid it away because I got scared
I hope you're aware of how vague you come across right?Getting a gf seems to be something you can apply actual strategy to, yet no one has any clear cut answers of where to find one if you don't already know girls.
posts on a meme sitedoesn't like memes
And I don't mean that a girlfriend is something to earn, in a trophy sense as in a prize for good work; more like in the sense that you deserve the friends you have, and that two good friends deserve to be friends and the like. If you're rotten you ain't gonna have good friends!It would work on a case-by-case basis, there are varying factors you'd have to consider about the girls self worth, attractiveness etc. to discern whether she is using it as a play or being genuinely self deprecating; the last thing you want in a girl is self-deprecation. How can you value someone who doesn't value themselves - you can only value someone in spite of their self-deprecation, and most likely wouldn't value them if it weren't for that self-deprecatory streak.It wasn't quoting an actual conversation, more like an unspoken conversation - your sense of self worth sweats out your pores - and often the very being we emanate to others is very different to how we think we seem - if you're desperate, it will show.
If you deserved a girlfriend you'd have one now stop with the fucking pity show.Look at this cuck.
memes should only be about trivialities tbh
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about it - she don't know what's going on in her head. You don't know what's going on in your head. Talking about a perfect girl, you don't even know yourself! Just calm -- I'll tell you, and you won't like this, but you're gonna go through potentially quite a lot of relationships, ups and downs, and heartbreaks. Every couple think they're the shit, together forever, and it kills them because it's not true. This baseless hope is almost part of the downfall - learn to chill out a bit and realize you can't depend on others for your happiness - this leads to co-dependence, addictive tendencies, neuroses..
I am and it is intentionally vague except for the last part.But ok, let's try some concreteness lolWhy do you think it's difficult to meet a girl? not even saying get a gf, just meeting the girl, which seems to be your problem.As in, put in words where exactly the difficulty for meeting one is, the best you can.
potentially quite a lot of relationshipsDepends how young you start.
memes help us cope with important matters as well and can be both light-hearted and profound.
Depends how much you wanna worship Satan.
profound memeOnly in the capacity to make us aware of profound things, in which case they are only as good as a roadside ad
Or you could like play girls programming like fiddles.This guy looks happy.He's a good guy?
Literally you're just a kid in school don't fret about itI am 20she don't know what's going on in her head.Going by her tumblr you might be rightTalking about a perfect girlI didn't say she was perfect, I was saying the situation was, since I don't have any means that I know of to get to meet girls.And don't worry, I don't believe in perfect relationships, I'm more realistic than that.Well I don't have any female friends the girl I was going for ignored my last text, so friends is out of the question I assumeI don't have any hobbies that attract a lot of girls football and video games and even then they have to be single which a lot of women who go out aren't.So this leaves me where to find girls?Give me something concrete.
Let's not go there, man. Each one of us has probably a very polar idea about what that means.
Yep. Nothing means everything.And everything means nothing.Sounds like it's all going tidy doesn't it?
ignored my last textDepending on how long you have been texting that could mean many thingsher tumblrJeezToo late man the scene is oversaturated.
Kinda lost me on that one.
Well of course nothing is in itself profound, the profundity lies in the interaction with the observer. But memes can be just as profound as novels for example. Novels are memes tbh.
not liking the kosher prometheus
mean many thingsWell it was a simple question about movies, I sent her that because she was being cold after she rejected me and I was being a bit more distant as well so I thought I could break the ice with a simple question and then talk further.But she ignored it, add that on top of her being more distant I see it as a clear sign of not wanting to deal with me anymore.And we've been texting for about 2 months, often every daysometimes snapchat instead of textingJeezYeah, goes to show I don't have any crazy standards which is the case with a lot of these tfw no gf types.
Memes operate on many levels and when people discuss /lit/ memes it's usually the self-identified meme. A book is and contains memes true, and can be profound under interpretation, but a lot of books are designed to build a world of non-memes and a persuasive lie is the same as a reality.
My bad I thought you were in school or something, I take it back. Point still stands though - throw your eggs in on basket if you want to feel pain, I mean you could also feel a lot of pleasure, but know if you ever drop that basket - hey, the chicks could even hatch and fly the fuck away - you better be prepared to deal with that hurt, and know you're the one who put them eggs in that basket.I mean yeah, relativism, let's all have different meanings for the same thing - that helps keep data clear and concise doesn't it? It helps when we live in maya - it's like hey I heard you like maya so we got some maya for your maya
Could do with the love
The hurt comes more from the fact that I haven't been this close to a gf in a long time.I had hope for 2 months and then I went back to nothing, it's a harsh thing but I'll manage.Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.
anon last time I had a gf was five years ago and the last time I was interested in someone she completely disappeared from my world just as we were becoming friends so don't take me too seriously.but basically, network. use the groups you are part of to get to events which overlap with other groups and on and on until you find yourself in a crowd which looks like it has potential. You don't have to make friends along the way necessarily.
find some girlsMan they ain't some rare species, you'd apparently be surprised to know they make up about 50% of the human race. Every other person you encounter, could, have, a, vagina.Now, your predicament is the insular nature of humans within a big society - you're considered somewhat weird if you talk to someone you don't know for no particularly good reason, so unless you're James Bond it wouldn't be a good idea to approach girls on the street or in the shop or anything, because you're to conceited already - desperate - your spaghetti would spill tumultuously out of your pockets. Now if someone would be so fucking kind to fucking tell me where to find some girls I would very much appreciate it.Keep up this attitude, in fact you should go to your local nightclub and start shouting this out loud -- it's actually the secret of all time --that's why no one does it - no one knows about it. You're golden OP.. have fun and don't forget your zip ties and lime..
Ok anon, here you go:You probably like something else, you are probably in university, universties have tons of activities, go find something you like and go meet people. Cause it sounds like you are missing a good time there, not even about girls.Go to a party, go to a bar, see some event that you like cause there is bound to be something and call some friends and convince them to go with you.Then go and talk to girls that are there. But don't go as "omg I need to talk to a girl", if you are walking by someone you feel like saying something say something, if it's gonna be a 2 phrase conversation or if you are gonna become good friends or marry, just talk. And talk to guys too anon, cause talking to people is good.If your hobbies doesn't attract girls they probably attract guys that have girls as friends btw.There's probably a girl you see everyday that you wish you could talk to. Protip: you can. Just go there like "ayy grrl I see you everyday around here and I find you very interesting and would like to meet you what do ya say about getting some coffee with me so we can talk bb? ;".Idk anon, go to a fucking starbucks RIGHT NOW and talk some random bullshit with the qt on the line, or ask the qt sitting alone if you can sit with her cause you don't like eating breakfast alone.Just do whatever, you are gonna get "rejected" most of the time, cause guess what, that happens. Just stop been afraid of stuff cause you see girls around everyday and have plenty of opportunities to talk to any and you honestly are probably just afraid of that.If you don't like any of the options here just put your creativity into coming up in something instead of memeing on a chinese lit board for a day.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?
And also next time you are texting a girl sometimes everyday sometimes not only text but snapchat, plz ask her out in less than 2 months anon.
At least you're texting girls. I have no idea how to get hold of a girl's number.
Well, different people have different experiences and through those end up with a different explanations. I'm not really keen on relativism...but that's just the way it seems to be. I'm pretty sure could argue well for my case, phillosophicaly, historicaly or otherwise...but that's not the proper way. I don't want to rob anyone of the experience, and without it there can be a backlash, enantiodomea.The maya thing seems to be real. What can I say? If you're happy with your well-ordered universe, enjoy it. And don't read Sartre.
Nice vague response my friend, you could have condensed it to 2 lines but instead decided to watse your time making it longer.uniI am actually in a garbage school called MBO in the netherlands, it has no clubs of any sorts which is a bummer, I often wish I was born in america just for this.cause talking to people is good.I should absolutely work on that, and don't worry about me coming across as desperate, I only do that on the internet.starbucksDecent advise, when i look at other people and my friend they often make small talk with whoever, when I tend to keep to myself.I thought it was just an insignificant difference between me and other people, but something small like that could perhaps change the negative outlook I have on people in generalwhich makes itunconciouslyharder for me to connect to peopleguess what, that happensI did try to see this latest rejection as something good, instead of waiting and regretting not having tried anything, I went for it and failed, at least I have a clean concious now.IS THAT CONCRETE ENOUGH FOR YOU ANON?It is, thanks for your post, it's a quality one.She actually got my number, but I was in your situation as well before and probably am going to be for a while now.We did go on ''sort of'' dates, she asked me out for milkshakes and I actually went to her home town once.I don't know what made her lose interest, maybe she'd just crazy.I went sort of slow with a reason though, she only just turned 18 and had admitted to being a virgin, so I thought maybe if I went too fast I'd scare her off.
ITT guys need to learn that women are people too.
 1. dfw is nothing more than a memeWHAT DID YOU JUST SAY? everybody loves themselves some buzzwordslots of humanities students here indeed john green is the sacrificial lamb at the alter of /lit/ snobs who h8 what their lesser peers are enjoyingno, that is genre fictionjohn green is just laughable in way more different levels existential crises galore, all thinly veiled by discussion of religion, drugs, or philosophy.can't argue with that
They're actually aliens
Cool idea, someone pass that to David Icke, I'm sure he can patch a decent theory or two out of that.
you could have come up with an interesting and original response. I feel devalued by this one.
Good.
typical feminist :
well-ordered universeLook at this ugly piece of shit universe, look at it m8.It looks like a glitterball sharted.;You don't have to argue anything, but to outright say 'No discussion' 'Agree to disagree' does no body any good - for example I'd like to learn, learn from you, and in return, I don't know if you'd like to learn from me, but I could sure help flesh out your ideas with my own personal experience. To deny that would be to feed close-mindedness, and ignorance; at the same though: One is at leisure and can discuss whatever the fuck it is one wants :
Uhh, sure. But there's a few certain phrases that usually don't indicate a potential to a great discussion, e.g. 'worship Satan'.
What's your beef with Satanism?
My tone is constantly sardonic - don't be afrayed nao.
The adversary of infinite if finite - anything finite is satan.But it's a whole fucking lot more complicated than that, and I can't tell whether I've upset some people by talking about it.
You can smash a guitar to bits - will sound cease?
What percentage of posts on this board are sincere? For me it is about 80%
what do you call it when you ironically read new sincerity?
It doesn't fucking matter what's on my mind. That's what's on my mind.
Booms
Memes.
YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA YA LATIFÚ YA YA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAAATIFÚ ALAA YAYA VLATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALAA LATIFÚ YA LATIFÚ ALVYA LATIFÚ YA LVATIFÚ ALAAAA YA LATIFÚ YAV LATIFÚ ALAVATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚ ALAAYA LATIFÚVA LATIFÚ ALAA V
I am afraid of losing her even though I've lost her already.
I just need this goddam internship
I'm forced onto some kind of productive path where I actually think and reflect, I see no opportunities in the near futute for me to actually actI'm not going to lower myself into contacting her after what she did and, for momentum's sake, I shouldn't anyway, I'm mostly done with my friends and I'm nowhere near comfortable enough to express some of the more anti social facets of myself to strangers. Or even meet new people for that matterI want nothing more than for a little baby not literally to be mine. But I don't see that as a possibility any time soon, as I can't connect with new peopleI feel I've swollowed my pride enough for this year, for this girl, for my divinity. And I've spent enough enough time alone for this half centuryFuck it, I'll go back to action. Doing is funner
All I need is to love and be loved.Still, I must be doing something wrong, bc I still feel empty at the end of the day, or when I'm alone.
happiness is only relevant when one is alive, I'll be dead before forever. I was saying happiness doesn't matter now because your happiness didn't matter when you were not born yet, like it won't matter when you die.
I want to be loved again or die.
You will literally never be in the state of death.
Are you me? I have barely had any slept for the last 5 days, and I'm already feeling my sanity slipping away. Fucking finals, man.
Loving you is loving a mythological figure.Is like kissing a stone, or a cloud.I am like a scientist, and you are like a really pretty rock, like a sapphire or whatever. You are like a machine, an incredibly complex series of gears, some so large I am always looking at them, and some so small I will never see them.I want to understand how the machine operates. I want to become you in a moment, press my face against yours, the face of the gear, I mean, and not let go until this process has allowed me to understand you completely, which, of course, it never will. I'm lying to myself when I say it will help me understand you. I want it to help me understand you, and I want to understand you, but what I really want is to be /with/ you. I want it to be undeniable. I want our relationship to be such that any reasonable onlooker could only logically conclude that you and I are TOGETHER. I want you to say that I am with you, and I want to say to you that I am with you and you don't leave, but you are always leaving, you are the INVENTOR of leaving, and I am the inventor of being alone. I want to be with you in such a way that the part of me which cries out when we separate is assuaged entirely. I want that part to die, because it has no reason to exist anymore.You are a frog and I won't forgive myself until I dissect you, because you have a part of me, and you're keeping it in the bulge underneath your mouth and every once in a while you croak and I can see you still have it and I don't want it back. Loving you is complicated but I can't stop trying.
is that her? she is very cute. don't you hate when they're cute, like goddamnit just be ugly and hateable so I can move on
not having the cynical powers to make everyone hateable on command
Not sure about the frog part
I though i'm alienated in this, but i see that most of /lit/ is suffering because of love.
I'm tired of waiting
In reality, she's been more like an ocd game I've played with myselfI can honestly say I think I only care for people insofar as what they can do for me or how they make me feel, in her case it was bothI'm kicked out and, until very recently, I've been staying with her this past 8 months.But the fact is, I've never felt like she was my equal when it's good between us. I'd often start arguments, or pick at her to get some drama going where we'd make up and I'd feel for her more. And I've probably burnt more bridges with family trying to reconnect with me while we were arguing, if I'm being honest with myself I never needed to stay with herBut I did like her best when she was my little baby. I'd interrogate her, put her down etc etc and we'd find a moment of peace where she'd be so sweet, mostly quiet and I'd treat her right. But I think I was afraid that would go away, that the loud slut in her would come back out and I'd ruin itIdkI feel like I need to find the next thing. Maybr hangout with my fembot cousin, because she has some good looking friends And obviously work etcOverall it's the loss of that sweet baby I created that I hate. She doesn't hold enough mystery for me to love any other part of her, and I need to focus on other things than recreating it, because I've really let my life get to shit at this point I'm really tired of this introspective shit. I need to get doingI think I'm more lonely than I admit
I really don't think women, or most people in general are that complicated If you really want to figure her out, just like anything I think, you can throw a bunch of experiments at it and see how it reacts You'll only be mystified if you let yourself be a passive obvserver because, whether she realizes it or not, she's throwing a bunch of experiments at youAnd you aren't proving to be much of a mystery
Eu gostaria de escrever de maneira mais natural em inglês e também em português.Sou um fracasso /lit/erário.
I dont really know how to write music
I wish i had talent
 Two nights ago I had my 2nd lucid dream and I consciously thought about the big bang in it as I know it takes away the bottom off my feet which are nonexistent in dreams to throw me into voids of unknown...
Maudits certes, nous le sommes ; mais l'océan lui aussi n'est qu'un mirroir de plus. Le carrousel incandescent poursuit sa course sans frontières ; bientôt un chat baîllera aux côtés des flots. Et son pelage familier écaille-de-tortue sera taché du sang de plaies mystérieuses qu'ouvrent les appels du lampadaire sauvage et de son frère pavé: la ville respire en ce vieux crépuscule de juin.
Give me a date, we could meet up at a coffee shop or some such
I cant quite put my finger on it but you're changing into your denouement. Everything I gave you is reaching fruition, we're finally equals, and you have no use for me anymore. It's not to my surprise either, but could we at least slow it down? Yesterday I saw you depressed for the first time ever and I realized I don't actually know you, at all. We never talk about our problems, we just laugh near each other.
I'm at work and all I can think is "just fuck my shit up, FUCK IT UP"
I should be writing, or at least reading. Fuck I feel so awful that I'm just sitting doing jack shit here.
I feel destined and alone, with so much dark hard heart, I wanna poke it; watch it flow
I don't know whether I want to pursue music or writing
Mereological nihilism
both will bring either immortality or more likely poverty and depression.
Same here, man.
I wish porn addiction would just be taken seriously for once. If you're addicted to drugs, alcohol, or cigarettes there are tons of ways to get help, but with porn it's almost nonexistent. Hardly anyone seems to believe that it can even be an addiction. I feel so lost.
i seriously hope cognitive dissonance isn't lethal
I wish the one I love would try to follow their dream of becoming a movie director. I know it's their passion and it breaks my heart when they tell me they aren't good enough.
How are your projects going /lit/?
Getting published tomorrow.
Gratz anon.What have you written?
i have two ideas bouncing around my brain and every day i come up with more of the material but i have nothing written down.both are screenplays btw.
Been contending with this manic urge to write up an idea of mine over the last few days. I have fragmented first drafts and hurried notes jotted down on an MS word document totalling to about 2500 words so far, and a paragraph of about seventy words I'm particularly proud of. My plan is for it to hopefully all come together by the weekend, and then submit it to a national competition. The idea is pretty good, I feel. It's just that trying to reconcile the pacing and dense quality of the piece with the word count constraints is more than likely going to fuck it up massively for me. We'll see. If not, this could turn out to be my masterpiece.
500 words per pageholy shit, what font size? my eyes are watering already.
I can't come up with a single idea for a plot. All I've been able to write is a short story that doesn't really have much progression and a bunch of poems. It seems like the reason I can't come up with anything dynamic is because I've reached something of a spiritual dead end in my own life. I have a lot of philosophical ideas, but I don't know how to develop them.
I've reached 12k today, anon. I have to review my dicipline though. I write a day and do nothing in the next two. I need to fix this.
page 22 of 22100000 wordsSeriously, what the fuck? Did you write in 5 point font with no spacing or indentations or something?
10000 words100000 wordslrn2read

Pretty ok so far, on 12k words and have plenty of things I know will happen planned already. More of the finer details and themes are emerging as I write so I'm having to rewrite occasionally which drags a little. As usual the thing I need most is TIME.
there are ten thousand words, not one hundred thousand
doesn't change the fact it's around 500 words per page
Anybody here willing / interested in taking a look at a website I made to host some of my short pieces of writing?I'm trying to present them in a way that's easy to read.
im approaching 15khave the rest of the thing planned outcoming along pretty well I think
It's 10,000, to the guy who thought it's 100,000.It's in 11pt, first line indent and 1.5 line spaced.I could make it larger if I wanted, I probably will during editing.
As usual the thing I need most is TIMEThis! It sucks, doesn't it? I'm thinking about getting some vacation time from my work to dedicate myself to my last 30k words.
OP here, I've gotten those 10k done in 5 days based off of a loose idea I had, the thing is writing itself at this point, including themes and intricacies.Is it similar for you?
How many words are you at/aiming for?
lie
That's what I'm doing right now. It's Wednesday tomorrow and I'm already getting the sweats about next Monday. How old are you and where do you live? What do you do? What hours do you work?I'm trying not to be too loose with my ideas right now because in the past I've hit too many dead ends that way. I know the ending, I know my central characters and their relationship to one another as well as their personalities, I know several scenes that must take place, but still there are certain gaps I need to fill and I need to arrange this thing in a way that is interesting and holds attention.

looks like a decent site to me.
60k. I aim to reach 30k and then take a vacation to finish it.
I don't want to spam the link so I was waiting for someone to show interest rather than just post and assume.
you mean you aren't moot?
What kind of book are you writing? I heard 80k was the minimum for most things to be considered publishable in terms of length alone.
during the last 12 hours, i only managed to write 2641 words3.5 words per minutefuckkkk
unknown authortalking about masterpiecesslow down buddy you gotta warm 'er up first
I mean, for one day, that's not so bad right? At that rate of 2641 a day you'd write the length of Ulysses in less than three and a half months. It wouldn't be good, necessarily, but still. Not that bad.
I suppose it's helpful to have solid plans. I feel like what I'm currently doing is riding a wave of inspiration for as long as possible, I know the major plot points, and the main characters, but it's the inner workings that is the tricky part.I feel that anyone can express themes through trite and overbearing inner monologue. It's making sure my writing is tactful that I'm focusing on.
breddy gudi have the whole novel planned outi'm writing the important scenes nowi'm going to write the segues lateri really like the style and the voice so farand the themes are 3deep and philosophicali've been writing on and off for about 7 years nowi've finally gotten serious and i write every day for an hour and a halfi can bang out about 1,500 words in that timei feel like i've read enough now that i don't make any obvious mistakespic related
When you only have but one Opus, it stands as your Magnum Opus until a contender presents itself.
Mistakes are only relevant if they degrade your writing. Things which may look like mistakes can just as easily make your work interesting as opposed to awful.
Beast.
OP here, what formatting is that? 12pt A5 pages?
Urban fiction. Around here 60k is fine.
12pt, 2x spaced, on 8.5 x 11 sized pagesI tried switching it to A5 now just to see what that'd look like and it comes out to 634 pages in that size.
What's it about?
A guy dies in the prologue, then the rest is 40 chapters of different characters who were affected by his death in various ways, with a couple of exceptions, most of them only get one chapter, though there are points of interconnection.
Also there's a fictional afterword at the end as a sort of after the fact framing device, though it was actually one of the first things I wrote for this story.
I have a 400 word framework for a suicide note ready to go.
400 words is weak. Make it at least 4000.
About 6,000 words into the novel I started last week. 3,000 words of that is a flashback. I feel like a dirty girl.
that's the framework bubthe suicide note itself is going to be at least 20000
Sounds neat.
Right now I've only chosen the quote that'll be the epigraph. Otherwise I got nothing.
I hope that's not the first draft. No serious author would ever write their first draft with anything but pen and paper....right?
I can't even remember how long I've been working on this but I think it's been close to three years. I also have no idea how much more I have to write. I might be like halfway done with it.
I just recently published the short film based on my screenplay based on my short story, I'm pretty damn happy with it considering that all shooting and editing took place in less than a week.
poo too weet?
This sounds pretty good.
not being published todaytop kek
Some 20 half-finished short stories and a novel that's been completely planned for 2 years but without a single sentence written down
Awesome!!
Would it be gay to use the following epigraph:"What" - Thomas PynchonI think it would be funny, but I think it would also out me as a pseud. Ideally I should be able to mimic DFW, carrying on with a writing career while pretending not to have read Pinecone, while the man's influence is so obvious in my work. But maybe that's too stupid. Also, is it dumb to write a cycle of short stories inspired by Stirner? Some anon made a thread days ago about how we should start a movement inspired by the meme trilogy and Stirner, and I've already had ideas like that for some months
New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
i'm surprised to see john marco on the fantasy charthe's the first fantasy author i really likedwhat's the castle in the clouds supposed to mean?
Cosmerefag reporting in, happy for an excuse to sperg about the Cosmere.
I'm new to this board so sorry for probably beating a dead horse .Are Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy a good read? Or are they just entry level garbage for dumb-dumb's?Also recommend some essential entry level books that aren't garbage. I got really into reading about a year ago and i don't really know where to go next.
About to pick up Dune. I tried reading it a while ago, but didn't make it past page 100. I'm going to give it another chance.As far as what I've read so far:American Gods - Neil GaimanIt was all right. It really picked up toward the end. I found the main character kind of flat. I know that's how he is supposed to be, but still. I will probably read Gaiman again in the future.Lucifer's Hammer - NivenProbably the best post-apocalyptic novel as far as realism goes in terms of the science and what would might actually happen if a comet hit us. Not as convoluted and literary as The Road, which I liked. It is a bit dated since it was written in the 70s.The Wise Man's Fear, Patrick RothfussOkay. Not as tightly plotted as the first book.The Dragon Reborn - Robert JordanI like Jordan, especially for his world-building. I don't think the third novel is as good as the first two. From what I've read, it goes downhill until Sanderson picks up the story. It's still good, just a lot more words with less happening.Several Star Wars books authored by Drew Karphyshyn.Fun reads if you like the Star Wars universe.
Definitely not entry level garbage.Not everyone likes Tolkien, but his world building is second to none. I'm glad to have read these before the movies came out. It's the quintessential quest plot line, and most if not all modern fantasy is influenced by it in some way. It's a must read, even for non-fantasy readers.
Oh, forgot to add another.The Book of Strange New ThingsI enjoyed this one. A literary first contact story. Some things are left unexplained, but it's still a good read.
what's the castle in the clouds supposed to mean?You'd have to read Wolfe's "Wizard Knight" to find out.
Lord of the Rings is kind of important to the genre because it sets the tone for everything.It's got a detailed world, mythological characters, and defines a lot of fantasy concepts that influenced pretty much everyone.That's the surface level stuff, but it's a good read from a literary perspective because of how it's been interpreted. Tolkien's fantasy wasn't just straight up fantasy, it was deeply-laced with commentary on his values, beliefs and how he saw the world and spirituality. There's plenty of allegory and symbolism in it, to the point where people who treat LOTR as just the baseline for fantasy See: Peter Jackson are missing much of the point.On the other hand it's very long, very wordy, and often very slow. Compared to the Hobbit which is a much more accessible book with more relatable characters, LOTR I think has a lot of trouble breaking free of the mythological aura to show the cast as real individuals.But then that's also important to understanding the genre too, because that part of LOTR has become detrimental to a lot of books who tried to ape it.I don't know if I'd say start with it, but I think it's good to read it at some point because it's key in understanding how the genre is the way it is.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Way of Kings, Brandon Sanderson Recent purchases?Assassins Apprentice, Robin HobbUpcoming releases you're excited for?ASOIAF continuing pleb I know
Read The Hobbit. Then read other stuff until you get the urge to return to that world. Then read Lord of the Rings.But yes, it's definitely worth reading.
This is pleb-y as fuck, but what's some good sci-fi or fantasy with a cast of characters who interact, and at LEAST one or two waifu-able female characters who are cool and interesting and are present in the book or series a lot?
actually that was why i was asking, because wolfe has used it before in both the wizard knight and castleview, and i'm not all that sure what the imagery originally meant
And New Sun. I'm a Wolfe scholar and I don't even know. Please other anon, do tell.
The Book of the Long SunI would follow General Mint in battle.
Firefly.
Yeah you're right, dunno how that slipped my mindThere might be some significance in Severian thinking he sees a castle in the sky, even though it actually isn't one. Haven't really thought of that before.
Same anon, I figure its a symbol of hope, Heaven or paradise.
I agree.
watch Firefly for the first time as it's airingcrush on Kayleewatch Serenity when it comes onRiver is amazinggo back to watch FireflyKaylee is annoying and my list goes River  Zoe  Inara  KayleeWonder what happened.
OP here. Thinking of creating a detailed OP with some resources in it. What should I include?
Reposting from the last threadNew to Fantasy/Sci-Fi and really reading in general. Here's my current Summer Reading listBlack Company Book of the SouthFirst LawDuneLOTRA Lovecraft collection I picked up a while agoA Howard/Conan collection if I can find one in townKingkiller ChroniclesAnything else you'd suggest? I'd like to add some more Sci-Fi to the list.
G O R M E N G H A S T
Sci-fi? Try some Dick & Asimov. Also Neuromancer
after i finish the current book i'm reading i'll start reading the gormenghast booksjust as long as that fig from goodreads doesn't show up, i'd be glad if the threads had a few staple works to discuss to death
Read Revelation Space for your sci-fi fix.Remove Kingkiller Chronicles.
What are those books about? How are they written?
generalsplease /v/
you don't have to open the thread, faggot
They're good.Because it doesn't have the quality to justify the length.Gets better with each book.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Road and Perdido Stree StationWhat SF/F books have you read this year? When Gravity Fails, Book of the Short Sun, The Name of the WindWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Wolfe, Vinge, Herbert, GRRMRecent purchases?PeaceUpcoming releases you're excited for?Winds of WinterWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Anything that attempts to be literary, even if it fails.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Severian.
What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Easily Barjavel's Enchanteur. Not the most canonical, but definitely the most enjoyable.tfw named after an Arthurian charactertfw taking gf on vacation to Brocéliande
What SF/F books are you currently readingabout halfway through Rimrunners, 3 books into Chanur, re-reading Blindsight and the Risen Empire duologyWhat SF/F books have you read this year?finally got around to reading Culture stuff, Player of Games was pretty good when it came together, but Excession was my all-round favouriteWho are your favorite SF/F authors?out of my limited palette, probably WattsWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?the hard end of sci-fiperhaps I'm just bad at finding books, but I need more hard sci-fiso far I've gone through:wattscherryhmorganstephenson
Is there a translation of that?
 it sets the tone for everythingI like how you worded "it is the last original thing to come out in the genre". Tactful, Anon
In this order:Lord Dunsany, William Morrison, Robert E. Howard, Lovecraft, Jorge Luis Borges, Tolkien, Philip K. Dick, Ursula K. le Guin, Isaac Asimov, Frank Herbert, Terry Pratchett, Douglas Adams, full stop. That should get you started and, hopefully, finished. Because everything out there rips these guys off.
No.hyped trash.The King of Elflands DaughterThe Worm OurborosThe MabinogionConan the BarbarianJirel of JoiryFafhrd and the Gray MouserThe Broken Sword + Three Hearts for Three LionsAll betterAll written before or at the same time
because it sets the tone for everything.So much of fantasy draws far far more from Howard and Leiber
Severian is an Apollo/Christ/South American god avatarNot ArthurianWolfe has written two Arthurian inspired storiesCastleviewThe Wizard Knight
PKD is trash
Marc? Btw Marc Aramini is going to publish a two volume book on Wolfe. I'll try to buy it.
I've just started the Book of the New Sun. I honestly didn't think it was going to do anyhting for me but holy shit. I actually cried of joy at some descriptions and phrases. It's just so beautiful and uncanny and Borgesian at moments. I can hardly read it without wanting to put it down and think about it at length.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Book of the New Sun and a Pratchett book every two days, bless them pdfs.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?I've read none, care to suggest something?
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Healers War by Elizabeth Ann Scarsborough, 1989 Nebula award winnerWhat SF/F books have you read this year?The City & The CityMission of GravityMythago WoodThe Wild ShoreCities in FlightHer Smoke Rose Up ForeverWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Leiber, Brackett, Ellison, Le Guin, Zelazny, Tiptree, Wolfe, RobinsonUpcoming releases you're excited for?Aurora by Kim Stanley RobinsonWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?The Mists of Avalon by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Book of the New Sun isn't Arthurian at all. The Wizard Knight on the other hand is really neat and too subtitle for its own good. Also why are sf threads the only good ones on lit? All these wanabee patricians and I'm only discussing literature here.
but holy shitwe've got another one
Is the Wizard Knight worth it? It's because people here actually enjoy what they read and the act of reading probably.
the cutest science fiction author ever?
yeah

pick up random nautical-themed fantasy noveldon't even look at the author, it's in a secondhand store and the blurb is interesting enoughread itsort of enjoy itthere's two sequelsread themget so fucking mad at the fucking ending and the fucking asshole authorlook at the authorit's Kevin J. AndersonServes me right. In summation the Terra Incognita Trilogy is shite and probably the worst fantasy novel series I've ever read, not simply because it's bad but because it took my interest and choked it to death and pissed on its' corpse.
And yeah, it's a really solid book. It's grown on me in retrospect a lot.
only looks at the author's name on the books after finishing three of themI don't believe you.
No really, it was like a four-month long brainfart. My brain just didn't connect this Kevin J Anderson with "that" Kevin J Anderson. Then it hit me like a ton of bricks.
Possible.Most of his SF was
a friend of mine recommended me Lyonesse, i have a shit ton of things to read already, is it worth it?
Replace Kingkiller Chronicles with something good like Gormenghast or Book of the new sun or the Swords series by Fritz Leiber
I've only read the first one but it's pretty good. I like Vance's unique style.
I'm trying to write a science fiction novel but I'm already stuck on what to do for the first sentence. I'm also stuck on if I should use first person or third person omniscient narrative.
If you've never written before avoid first person like the plague. You don't have a sense of balance yet so it'll either be full of I's or go off on way too many tangents. Third person is easier, just make sure the perspective is anchored on whatever character you're focusing on, so that way you don't float off into space and end up getting too infodump-heavy.As to the first sentence, just don't worry about it and come back later. Your first draft is rough for a reason, you'll learn more about writing as you go and you can always come back and apply that knowledge to stuff you wrote earlier. tl;dr don't worry about getting any one sentence or paragraph just right, your goal right now should just be to write out the entire book and fiddle with it once you're done.
Sorry I explained my situation wrong. I dont know if I want to useAs the impact sirens blared, Olivia removed the duffel bag from underneath her bed. or Olivia removed the duffel bag from underneath her bed as the impact sirens blared.for the first sentence.
Second one's better, sounds more definite. As is kind of a wishy-washy word and sometimes people overuse it.
Thanks. I'm probably going to show up more about the wording of my sentences and shit.
Good luck with your second sentence.
It's cool, there's no such thing as a stupid question.
What about this one?
Deep.
Where did you read that Wheel of Time gets worse after TDR? Just curious because I have never seen that opinion before.
I'm working on a space opera thing. I have this idea for a mad scientist type figure. Think futuristic Frankenstein. What do you think of the idea of having him just out floating alone in some solar-powered ship manned entirely by computers where all he does is set the course then go do his mad science?The basic idea is that he's working on a specific thing that's in violation of interplanetary law and also the mores of his day, and doesn't want to be bothered while he works.
Scratch that, I'm retarded
He'll need characters to play off against.
The Lady of the Lake gives Severian his sword.
Philip K Dick is shit, Frank Herbert has only one book actually worth reading, Terry Pratchett is shit, and so is Douglas Adams.
what one book is that?
Unless I'm forgetting something, no she doesn't. There isn't even a Lady of the Lake in the text. What happens with Terminus Est is a reversal of the Arthurian Lady in the Lake scenario.
Dune. Though God Emperor of Dune has its moments that make it somewhat worthwhile.
The Lady of the Lake gives Severian his sword.The Lady is an impotent old man who tortures people for a living.
Any love for John Wyndham here?
of course, gotta love the day of the triffids, that book probably got me started on reading
There are lots of blogs and recommendations on books or series for fans of "Game of Thrones", but what I'm really after is books that are similar in depth of character / character development. I don't really care if it's scifi or not, but I've checked out all of the common recommendations and none of them really fit the bill. I'm not looking for "epic fantasy" or "gritty setting" or "historical basis" or any of that stuff, I'm just looking for stories with deep, well-written characters interacting with each other. In that context, does anyone have some perhaps off-the-beaten path plugs I could check out?
It always annoys me how people refer to 28 Days Later and The Walking Dead ripping the beginning off each other when they more than likely both got the idea from Day of the Triffids.
i never really realized that, but they really do steal it straight from the day of the triffids, with the hospital after an injury and everything
In most legends Arther gets the sword from the stone, before losing it in the lake and the Lady returns it to him.
No IIRC he tries to fight the black knight but the black knight breaks his sword and merlin saves his life and he brings him to the lady of the lake to get a new one. Also the scabbard for the new sword saves his blood or something.
A swallow carrying a coconut?
He gets them eventually. Early on he's all alone, and that itself provides some of the conflict, but his situation changes quite a few times.
He didn't get it from the stone and it wasn't returned.
I need a word to replace 'put on' At the top floor, she put on the hazmat respirator...I just don't like the way it sounds and I've also tried slipped on, adorned, donned, and harnessed but none appease me. inb4 just go back to it later It bothers my ocd/perfectionism to much to continue
don, she donned the hazmat respirator
At the top floor, she donned the hazmat respirator from her duffel bag and exited the cargo lift.I guess it will have to do but something still bothers me in the sentence.
I don't like "At the top floor", although I am reading this sentence alone and it might fit better in a paragraph. Just a thought.
She donned the hazmat respirator from her duffel bag and exited the cargo lift as it reached the top floor.Would this work or should I replace 'as' with 'when'?
That reads much better. It really is going to take you eons to finish this book if you keep up this level of scrutiny on the first draft.
first draftI'm one those of those guys that edits his essays while writing them to avoid multiple drafts. I'll probably write it by hand first, type it up to check for any spelling or grammatical errors, make certain scenes more descriptive if needed, then be done with it.
The longer the piece, the less viable that is. For a book, it's just not doable. Unless you're doing something frenetic like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, it just won't happen. And even then, Thompson had been writing for a very long time, and as hard as it may be for some to believe, took writing very seriously and worked his ass off at it.
Well even without Day of the Triffids its an effective way to start that type of story off.
/lit/ has a general nowIt's over, next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophy, heck, while you're at it why not make a religion general since we hate talking about that so much too.If you feel bad about your tastes being bullied by anonymous virgins on a siamese stamp trading forum then I suggest you go elsewhere, because this place is not for you.The worst part is that this won't solve the issue at hand, people will still pollute the board with pointless threads and all that will come of it is to create a hugbox within which you can discuss the same topics over and over again with the same likeminded autists day in day out.
It's over, next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophy, heck, while you're at it why not make a religion general since we hate talking about that so much too.They have been a thing for a while now newfag.
What is it with you people and this irrational dislike of generals.There is nothing wrong with them.
Yet they never stick, because /lit/ isn't that kind of board. If you want to circlejerk and samefag your same 4 crappy recommendations ad infinum then take it /out/sideThere's nothing irrational about it, any interesting points have already been discussed in previous threads, recreating the same thread with a different picture won't change that.Not to mention the entire notion attracts denizen's of a certain straight edge website that I won't dare mention in fear of tussling some sanders.
Just hide the thread, nerd
open fantasy novelit has a mapINTO THE TRASH
next, we'll have general threads for every branch of philosophynextYou're a retard. I bet you bitch about summer and /pol/ being here "for the last 6 months".
I'm I the only one who can't read the chart because it's fucking 200x471?
The show has more, and less fun, rape than the books.
I like maps though. They're neat.
currently readingHyperion. Literally just stated.what books have you read this year?I am Legend, The Forever War. And a few other books that aren't sci-fi.I liked I am Legend, though I wish it had been longer. And that ending, I don't know how I feel about it. It was cool to have it end with the book title, but ... yeah.I didn't like the constant focus on homosexuality in The Forever War or the way everything gets resolved in the end just because. Like, he doesn't even give an explanation, he just says it's beyond our ability to understand. Everything else was good though.
i love how he became the vampire of the vampires
Upon reaching the top floor...
Hey guys, I don't really browse /lit/ much, but I'm looking for some fantasy books to read - preferably with a focus on magic.While your opinions of Eragon may be less than positive, I enjoyed the time Paolini spent on developing the magic system used in the books, as well as creating the vastly different cultures of the various races in the books.Any recommendations?
I like Moorcock, but he is a massively bitter cunt whose opinion should be taken with a mountain of salt, especially since 80% of his output is trash written for the money.With regard to The Forever War, I feel like a lot of sci-fi does that when it goes into "big idea" mode.
mfw read a fantasy series where the author was also a cartographermade his own mapsThat was really fucking cool and a nice surprise.Don't read past Hyperion.
What's a good order to read them in? Just go by publication order?
I'm about 50 pages from finishing pic related. Should I move onto Deadhouse Gates, or Night of the Knives? Should I just read all of Erikson's books before Esslemont's? Is there a solid reading order?
I just started reading BlindsightStarting your book with a Ted Bundy quoteHmm...
Fuck literature.
I'll never understand why people are against generals. You get one thread to ignore/hide on a topic you don't care for instead of 20, or conversely you only have to pay attention to one thread instead of 20 on a topic you do care for, what's the negative?
In theory I would agree with you but go to /tv/ or /mu/ and read the general threads there, it's like a super concentrated cancer. People probably worry that general threads are the beginnings of /lit/s transformation into /mu/ or /tv/
I haven't read any of his work but Brandon Sanderson is super autistic about his magic from what I've heard.
What's the name of a two-pronged spear? pic related
A three pronged spear is called a trident, so I'd guess a bident would be accurate.
Turns out my guess was right:"A bident is a two-pronged implement resembling a pitchfork. In classical mythology, the bident is associated with Pluto, the ruler of the underworld, while the three-pronged trident is the implement of Poseidon Neptune, ruler of the sea and of earthquakes.EtymologyThe word 'bident' was brought into the English language before 1914,[1] and is derived from the Latin bidentis, meaning "having two prongs".[2]"
bidentWhat an ugly sounding word. But that's not the droid I'm looking for. It's on the tip of my tongue.
Theyre very Shakespearean, with heavy doses of Poe. Not very fantasy aside from the impossibly huge castle setting, the ability to control animals, and something else thats a spoiler. The author was a painter by trade. So prepare for a guy that 'paints' scenes and characters with prose. Very descriptive & beautiful. Also has gothic influences like Dracula/Phantom of the opera. I think a gene wolfe fan would enjoy the nuances of the plot. A GRRM fan would enjoy the intrigue between characters. Also I swear Rowling ripped off Peake.1st two books are essential, third book is very skippable due to Peakes mind detoriating early in the writing process and eventually dying. For an ending read the separate short story Boy in Darkness.Its a tragedy, with themes of Anarchy vs. Tradition.
The lance of Longinus?
Dresden Files? First couple of books are pretty crappygets better, but the underlying magic systems are interesting and reasonably consistent.
But he started it with Gourevitch and Hemingway quotes?I like his chapter quote selection.that Æon Flux quote out of nowhere
Guys, can I get some feedback on this piece of Sci-Fi?I've only written the first chapter.
Theyre very Shakespearean, with heavy doses of Poe. Not very fantasy aside from the impossibly huge castle setting, the ability to control animals, and something else thats a spoiler. The author was a painter by trade. So prepare for a guy that 'paints' scenes and characters with prose. Very descriptive & beautiful. Also has gothic influences like Dracula/Phantom of the opera.I read this much of your post without seeing the context of the thread and somehow guessed you were talking about Peake without having read his work or even knowing anything about him.
I really quite enjoyed it. Not much of a critique but I'd definitely want to keep reading.If this were a short story at the end Gira would find out he'd been in the rift the whole time.
Oh I forgot to actually explain the plot part of "what its about" lolFollowing a daily system of meaningless, complicated rituals is the "religion" of the people of Gormenghast. Soon Steerpike does a Rash Thing that causes a big paradigm shift in usual way of life in the Castle and the forces of change come to Gormenghast for the first time in centuries and sets the boy on a path of lost innocence. The protagonists:young & troubled Steerpike the cooking servant, who uses opportunity, his acrobatic eavesdropping skills, and his wit to rise quickly through the ranks.Titus, heir to the throne, who like Steerpike is adventurous & rebellious even in the first book when he's still an infant although in a less selfish/malevolent way. Doesn't really care for his inheritance as much as the concept of freedom from rules and boredom. The books strengths are definitely characterization and atmosphere. Muh prose fags will adore this shit. Some extremely memorable scenes too.I rank it to be on equal ground with Lord of the Rings and Book of the New Sun.
Sadly I have more artistic integrity than to leave it there and make a tweest ending.Thanks for the positive thoughts anyway, as long as I can write something someone wants to read...I'm happy.
Steerpike REALLY reminded me of Lucifer from Paradise Lost. Favorite character hands down was Mr. Flay and his cracking knees.
It puts me in mind of Neuromancer and the like.
If I got published and someone referred to me as "This generation's William Gibson", I'd be beyond happy with that.
Good luck with it. Hopefully someone who actually studies writing can give you a better critique than I can.
Is it bad that I imagine Ardee looking like Remy Lacroix?
How do you guys feel about purposefully incorrect science in your science fiction? The story I'm working on is full of nonsensical technobabble that in no way tries to sound like plausible future science in the way something like Star Trek would do.For example, in one part the MC is having a space duel with the villain, the space pirate Rocketlegs, who has solid gold rocket boosters for legs. For most of the duel, the MC is just circling around Rocketlegs and keeping a distance. In the end we discover that the MC has been placing tiny machines in the space around them, and when he's finished they form a force field around them, and fill the enclosed space with oxygen. Then the MC turns on a powerful magnet in his rocketcycle, which, now that there's oxygen to carry the magnetic waves, pull Rocketlegs' rocket legs away from his body, leaving his adrift and easy to capture.
It doesn't matter as long as the comedy is good.
It wouldn't bother me that much, but surely you can just make up some bullshit that sounds plausible rather than something that we know isn't right.
For example, in one part the MC is having a space duel with the villain, the space pirate Rocketlegs, who has solid gold rocket boosters for legsWould read.
oxygen to carry the magnetic waves
It's not that it gets bad, it just feels too... spread out? There's too much going on at once, so many substories that it's hard to really get into them. Sanderson came and sort of focused everything.
he could not abide the idea of.This is a neat effort, but don't end sentences with prepositions.I love it, are you specifically making fun of Hugo Gernsback's "educational" stories?
Thanks. But there's really no legitimate reason you can't end a sentence with a preposition. As long as it's something you don't make a habit of.
Has anyone here read Hyperion? I'm trying to get my sister into sci-fi she's a fantasy fan; GRRM is one of her favorite authors.I think she might like Hyperion or BotNS, but I'm curious if the characters are any good. Are they? She likes good characters.
Just reread Trickster's Choice last night, still immensely enjoyed it.I wish I knew of more books that dealt with spying/espionage in a fantasy setting.
Hyperion is a good choice for her, very character-focused. The characters are varied and there is some good chemistry/interactions between them.I'm not entirely sure it would be a good introduction to sci-fi, though. It's been a while since i've read it, but from what I remember I imagine it might be quite difficulty to get through for someone without interest in sci-fi, although as she likes fantasy it might not be a problem.I would suggest 'Dancers at the end of time' or 'Ringworld'.
Better in BotNS than in Hyperion, but not terribly strong in either
The Hyperion Cantos was shit. Maybe if she only read the first book.
Book of the New Sun isn't something you give someone to get them into sci-fi.
What's with the "General"? If you want to discuss something start a thread about the topic.
It's more practical for the people in here and the people out of here for a general to exist. Keep fantasy in one thread so the fans of it can find each other, not let it spill out into the board as five different threads that bother the delicate eyes of the /lit/ population.
You mean like this thread to discuss the topic of science fiction and fantasy?
are you retarded?
Generals are a slippery slope. They've destroyed every board they've touched and lit will be next I guess.Thanks, fantasy boys
Is it summer already?
If you're going to hang around the pretentious hipster board, the least you could do is make your own ignorant opinions anon.
This book any good, or just another self-insertion masturbation fest?
then just close the thread, you fucking faggot
Good book. Fun read. Interesting lore and world building.Hard to avoid a bit of the Mary Sue trope when doing heroic fantasy, but it is still a good read.
First book is good, second is average at best in my opinion.The prose itself is good but the second book has a large amount of subplots that either don't read well or end up being pointless. I liked it well enough at first but on a reread I really just started to hate it.
But Hyperion and Fall of Hyperion are essentially two halves of one book, Simmons said so himself, and it was split by the publisher.Should change it to "Dont read Endymion"
So I have a few pages written for my sci-fi novel and I just realized that:it switches between past and present tenseit's not very descriptive there's no dialogue at allnot even the mc's thoughtsWhat should I do?
pagesnot very descriptiveno dialogueHow awful. Have you considered writing a play instead?
I could write another play, but to write one under the science fiction genre would feel weird.
stop writing novels, start writing short storiesthey're easier to learn from and execute and you're evidently in need of some serious practice
Finish it, fix your problems on the next draft. Repeat process until you have no problems.
^
Any chance you want to compare work? I recently finished my first solid draft of a 6.5k word short story with similar structureAll plot/event/ and little description and dialogue.
6.5k wordsI don't even have 500 words written.
You said a few pages, so I assumedobviously incorrectly that it was similarly formatted.I have mine size 11, 1.5 line spaced in word...500 words is a page for me.But if you want to pastebin yours or something I'll be happy to read it.
Just got back into fanatasy after a long stint reading the Greeks. I've been reading The Black Company and so far its great, im only on the third book but it hasn't disappointed
Fix it. Fix the tense. Pick past or present and stick with it. Past is better.
So I should stick with third person limited with past tense?
I have a few questions for anyone willing to help me out.What's some actually fun sci-fi pulp I should read?Is there anything you can recommend that gives a vibe like Pitch Black, especially the ship at the beginning with all the levers and shit required to fly it?I've mostly read cyberpunk, though I have read a bit of Asimov and such. Are there any books that can scratch a similar "people on a spaceship" itch to Star Trek and Babylon 5? Are there any shows you can recommend to me that I'll like if I enjoy Star Trek and B5, for that matter?Does science fiction often do the whole "15 books to tell one long-ass story" thing like fantasy does? Not counting stuff like Stainless Steel Rat, where each book is a separate adventure, even if they do follow a chronological order.Basically, help me into sci-fi if I cannot into really dry shit and really care about interesting characters.
I'd highly recommend Altered States, as that has incredibly interesting characters and ideas. However, it may not be what you want from a sci-fi book.Other more straightforward answers I would give are Gibson, maybe something like Ender's Game.But if you've read cyberpunk, you've at least read Neuromancer, right?
Ender's GameForgot to say. I've read Ender's Game and the entire Ender's Shadow series. Card himself is kind of a tool, though.I've read the whole Sprawl Trilogy, and Snow Crash.
That's the best one to start with. Present tense is less weighty and more frantic, and first person requires a lot of experience and balance to get right.
Try C.J. Cherryh. I'd start with the post-Downbelow Station stuff, though.
Been reading about her on Wikipedia. Sounds really interesting. Any specific titles you can recommend? Would it be alright to just start with the beginning of the Foreigner Universe series?
the Empire is evil
Are you saying you dislike the "evil empire" thing in general, or expressing the opinion that the Empire in Star Wars is not evil?
Empires are evil because they're expansionist. If they're not expansion is, they're kingdoms.Everyone likes kingdoms.
How do I get into Lovecraft?
Read everything Lovecraft wrote.Ignore the fanfiction.
I finished Snow Crash and The Sprawl Trilogy awhile ago those last two books were OKAY at best... How would I like The Diamond Age?
Mountains of Madness, Shadow Out Of TimeReally, just pick some random HPL story and get reading, it's not like his entire collected works aren't onlineHow did you like Snow Crash?I asked Neal Stephenson a question when he did that io9 Q&A a week or two ago, but he never responded.
I think the beginning and climax were pretty strong. The world building was great, but the characters aside from the female lead lacked depth and personality.
Everyone likes kingdoms
In fiction, not reality.
Personally, I feel the same way in fiction.I would read the fuck out of some republican fantasy, me. Small-r republican, if that needed to be clear; not making a statement about American politics here.
The Powder Mage books are just the French revolution in a Fantasy world.
People love kingdoms, because they love royalty for the same reasons: Power, status, role, things that are inherited. A protagonist born into a royal family has a role to play, burdens to bear, and power to wield, yet they also have a wonderful bonus: A lack of responsibility.If you're a prince who fucks up, you don't have to shoulder the guilt or shame of failure internally, you can just blame it on the nature of your birth. You weren't cut out to be king, you weren't cut out to be the descendant of a great wizard, or whatever. It's the kind of story that appeals to readers because they relate to blame-shifting. We all do it.Hell, it's the same logic that there's so many romance stories about unlikely couples forced together by circumstance or arranged marriages that turn out well. You end up with a lovely partner but didn't have to find them yourself, and you're forced into the relationship so if the relationship goes sour, it's not your fault. People who fight to obtain power Emperors, Warlords, people who are aggressive in courtship sluts and harlots, people who build themselves up from nothing and become politicians corrupt fatcats and greedy businessmen, arrogant geniuses, These are the ones we hate. We hate them because they succeeded in bearing the burden of free will and self-determination, while we sink into the fantasies of having power and love and wealth handed to us just for existing.Aren't humans great?
I don't think that I've ever read a more masturbatory novel. Mc is a character whose sole purpose is being better than everyone in everything. He sings the unsung song, fucks a sex goddess, is taught by the legendary teacher who doesn't teach anyone else... So yeah. It's on the level of an average doctors who fan fiction.
that was a great post
Why not? It's the best sf out there. You don't give it to plebs and le quirky different tumbler chicks.
precisely because its the bestwhy have them plateau with the first thing they read?also, to get the fullest experience from it requires knowledge only found through reading the lesser works to deathhow else would all of wolfe's inverted tropes be appreciated?there's also far too many references to mythology, history, and religion to gleaned by a pleb's first reading of it, but i guess the slow discovery of those things would enhance someone's opinion of the work if they managed to pick up on them.
Just stick through the first one, things get much better in DHG.
Are there any bad books in the SF Masterworks?
The very definition of the latter.Was still shit. I don't like lazy authors.
Rimrunners and Merchanter's Luck were where I started, Rimrunners in particular I liked, but they'd both satisfy your requirement for interesting characters.Alternatively, her Chanur books. They're kind of odd as far as general sci-fi goes in that there's really only one human character, but they do a fantastic job of both alien mentalities and the difficulties of cross-species communication.
It's a self-insertion masturbation fest.
War of the worlds was pretty terrible.
What SF/F books are you currently readingThe Last Command - 3rd book in the Star Wars Thrawn Trilogy. I have never touched anything EU and was told this is the best there is. Honestly, it's barely good enough to finish. The prose is bland, the characters are pretty good, but the story is lackluster. I don't feel like there's any real danger to any of the characters. The villain, a supposed military tactical genius, never does anything of note. However, I bought the trilogy and I'm gonna finish the trilogy.What SF/F books have you read this year?Considering I started back reading last year...quite a bit.- A Song Of Ice And Fire 5 books- Stormlight Archives 2 books- Kingkiller Chronicles 2 books- Farseer Trilogy 3 books- Tawny Man Trilogy 3 books- Dresden Files 15 books- Fool's Assassin - The Gentleman Bastards 3 books- The Strain Trilogy 3 books- Thrawn Trilogy 3 books- The Warded Man read 1 book and dropped series- Broken Empire read 1 book and dropped series- First Law Trilogy read part of 1 book and dropped because of RL shit. didn't give a fair chanceWho are your favorite SF/F authors?I don't know if I have anyRecent purchases?Thrawn trilogy, Gardens of the Moon, The Eye of the World, Mistborn books 1-3Upcoming releases you're excited for?Next Fitz and the Fool, KKC, Stormlight Archives, ASOIAFWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?no fucking ideaWHAT THE FUCK SHOULD I READ NEXT
I would recommend Snow Crash and Neuromancer of you are into cyberpunk at all.
i am. thanks for the rec
im probably going to get shat on for this, but i gave Red Rising by Pierce Brown a chance with extreme skepticism because of the hunger games comparisons, and the first half had me thinking i wouldnt pick up the second book, but its like he hit his stride halfway through. im on the second one now and im enjoying it.its really derivative and can be compaded to a summer popcorn movie, but it does what its meant to do well.
Are there any fantasy stories set like, after the middle ages?I've been wondering if there's any set in the 19th or 20th centuries involving some of the typical fantasy fare, but set during, or after the industrial revolution.
The temeraire series from naomi movie is set during the napoleonic wars. Not exactly typical fantasy fare, and the historical inaccuracies in some of the latter books in the series really bug me like Napoleon making an alliance with the incas, but it's a really good read imo
Can someone recommend me some HIGH high fantasy? Something where the story isn't grounded in any normal type of reality. Only example i can think of is 2001
thats science fiction you retard
they have way too much PKD
the bible
That isn't fantasy and you probably want to check out Philip K Dick, Borges and Gene Wolfe.
And don't have Gene Wolfe past fifth head of Cerberus.
Then how come I hate most of the Lannisters but love Brienne, Littlefinger, and Theon? Theon specifically because he's working his way back from nothing, and rebuilding himself.What is dead may never die!
Jonathan Strange and Mr. NorrelSeveral of the Discworld novels, though admittedly I am not overly familiar with the series and only truly follow the City Watch books
yes there is, look at any board with generals over time and you will see that it becomes more and more segregated into individual generals and non-general threads fall by the wayside until its a bunch of boring hugboxes.
Or you know, people hate Emperors and Warlords because they are inherently far more aggressive than a King is most of the time.
Then split the generals from the nongenerals like /v/ and /VG/By the gods this isn't hard to understand
Okay, /lit/. I just started an internship at a museum. Some days, it requires a lot of reading. I don't mind those days. Other days, it's a lot of moving shit around. I have a feeling this will become boring quickly, and as such, I want something to read on the commute there and home, and during my lunch break.What's some good sci-fi adventure, like space-Conan or something? Is there anything like that coming out in the late 90s, 2000s, or this decade, or do I need to go all the way back to the Barsoom books?
Book of the New Sun. Kinda. Not really. It's an adventure I suppose and it is sf and the protagonist has a sword. Don't know anything else. Maybe Chiapas Cain?
chiapas cainMexican version of Ciaphas???
Probably spelled it wrong mate.
Quite a lot, if you include secondary world settings.China Mieville's Bas-Lag stuff.I think Adrian Tchaikovsky's insect books would fit that too but I found them to be mediocre.The Half-Made World by Felix Gilman.Not sure what you're asking for here. Maybe Vellum by Hal Duncan?Not in space by maybe Age of Zeus by James Lovegrove? Just don't expect any depth - it's basically a campy action movie.
Thanks for the chart, I'll stick to reading it that way.
need more hard sci-fiGreg EganThree Body ProblemRendezvous With RamaRevelation SpaceAncillary Justice
A dictator is a dictator.
Anyone read Frederik Pohl's 'Jem'? Thoughts?
They're truly outrageous, truly truly outrageous .

pls
Yeah that sounds fine. I'd start with Mistborn, then Elantris/Warbreaker, personally.Also holy crap two day late reply sorry.You read the rest of the Cosmere, obviously.
cool beans
Those three occur around the same time, then Stormlight Archives and the current Mistborn series that started with Alloy of Law occur around the same time, 300something years later. It doesn't matter at the present moment.
It's kind of overwhelming just how many dinky old fantasy and sci-fi novels there are. I walked into a second-hand bookstore the other day and the sheer volume of books was crazy.And then you think about how some guy probably put years of his life into writing his epic fantasy series, and here they are, gathering dust decades later, bundled into a complete collection with some string for ten bucks.
So who do you think is the faceless immortal?Sazel doing some nudging?
ctrl Fno sapkowskiI am disappoint.
That's part of the charm, though. Imagine you walk in, buy 12 books in a set for what comes to less than a dollar each, and just abso-fucking-lutely love them.
You can't ctrl f an imagine
Yes but the titles are displayed textually, as is mine. That and most people didn't even bother with images.
I'm reading Battlefield Earth. It's a good story.
Faceless Immortals are Kandra. So you're somewhat correct.
Does anyone have any good recs for fantasy that isn't really long and really "high"?Like a trilogy of books at the most and I don't like feeling i'm reading a superhero story, where everyones throwing around magic and it's giant gods against gods.Setting wise I don't care aslong as it isn't urban.I ordered Book of the New Sun the other day and I already own LOTR.
Is two books okay?There's this lady author named Marie Brennan. She wrote a couple of books that were originally named something else I forget, but are titled Warrior and Witch in the editions I have.They're not high fantasy, pretty low ground, and they tell a concise story that wraps up with the author stating they're definitively finished.Basically the plot is that there's a coven of witches who are powerful agents that can manipulate various countries, and the protagonist is a witch. However when it comes time for her initiation it's revealed that when a witch is born, they're born with an identical twin who is put up for adoption in the far corners of the world. The witch has to kill the twin as part of the ritual to attain her title. It turns out that while the witch has all the magic stuff, the other half is basically a superhuman, and often end up in an assassin's guild. So the story is the witch and her assassin twin getting involved in political disputes and treachery while trying to kill each other. It's a pretty decent read.
Two books is great, honestly the shorter the better. I can't handle these 12 books series, I just don't want to spend the time on them.I will check it out, thanks.
I was disappoint in Blood of Elves too.
KJ Parker's standalones The Folding Knife, The Hammer, Sharps. He has a very unique style, supremely dry humour and autistic attention to details about things like engineering and fencing. Pretty much no magic I can recall in these books.Guy Gavriel Kay's standalones. I've only read The Lions of Al-Rassan but he has others that are well regarded plus the Sarantine Mosaic which is a highly rated duology. Lions is very low magic, I suspect most of his books are too.The Ten Thousand by Paul Kearney if you like battles. Don't think it had magicals but it did have other races.
I just bought the Black Company series, The Night Angel trilogy and all the Lightbringer books.Did i do good?
seconding KJ Parker he's great
brent weeksYou did very good.
Thoughts on Gaiman's prose? I know his plots and characters aren't usually all that good, but I personally enjoy reading his stuff. It makes me feel like water is slowly being injected into my head until I feel this liberating weight on my brain that forces me to hang on to each and every one of his words
Will check them out, thanks.
I'm reading the Black Company omnibus. Book 1 was great. In the middle of book 2 right now and it's okay but I'm getting the feeling that this shit is going into generic "anti-heroes beats big bad" ending with the chosen one mute kid and all. Am I right?
Quick question: I'm new to fantasy, which of these should I read first the shadow of the torturer american gods Perdido street stationDon't feel like reading Tolkien
American GodsPerdido Street StationShadow of the TorturerAlso, SotT is Science Fiction...maybe
I bought Hyperion yesterday and hopefully it lives up to the hype, it should keep me busy until I get the second volume of Book of the New in the post this week.
Ive read ASOIAF, The Black Company, Lightbringer and Night Angel.What Should i read next?What would be the next series that would fit for me?
I read both The Stars My Destination and The Demolished Man recently and I am not sure which I preferred.What do you think /lit/?
Lightbringer and Night AngelThose fucking names
I bought the Grantville Gazettes archive from the 1632 series, has anybody read any of them? do you like the series in general?
What? is there something wrong about the books?I really enjoyed them
I know nothing about them. They just have really stupid names
Don't bother with China Mieville, he's heavily overrated.
Isn't he also a rapist or something?
Yeah. He's also a commie and hates Tolkien.
I read that as "and hates chicken" originally and was wondering what that had to do with anything.
Wow, seriously? This guy sounds like a party.
I just tried to order one of his books but the shipping got fucked up and I got refunded. What do I get instead?
His name IS China. It'd be a betrayal of conventional norm if he isn't a commie.
and hates Tolkien.a lot of new wave and new wave derivative writers hate tolkien though
How do you define new wave fantasy anyway?
it's kind of a merger between postmodern thought like social constructivism, the rejection of objective values and morals, cultural determinism, etc and modernist experimentation stream of consciousness especially, in works like a storm of wings and dhalgren. it was something of a reaction to the pulpy works that proceeded it, too, and the hard science for science fiction, anyway; fantasy's equivalent would be tolkien largely, because he fleshed out the mythology and worldbuilding aspects of the genre, though dunsany largely proceeded him in that regard that followed that.as for fantasy specifically, it usually boils down to a rejection of the typical roles found in the works. no longer does the valiant hero from earth leap off to save his bride to be from the dangerous man-tigers of mars, laser sword in hand. instead it becomes the drug-addled, milky-fleshed emperor with a propensity for melancholy and tragedy or the world-weary soldier and sometime sophisticate.
to continue in a hopefully more clear manner: most of the vocal ones, like moorcock, mieville, and harrison, seem to form their vendetta towards tolkien on the pastoral nature of the lord of the rings. there are verdant fields untouched by industrialism and the hobbits are happy in a way epicurus would envy. there is a clear binary between the hero and the villain: sauron living in an ashy wasteland of unending pain and toil, mount doom looming like a menacing welt on the horizon at all times. great jagged mountains that fence out the grass and the light and the water. the heroes exist in cities and towns populated by arcadian figures who just want to dance and smoke and sing songs in the woods. and in the end of course good triumphs over evil 'in this hour i do not believe any darkness will endure', etc and even tolkien himself found his unfinished draft concerning the resurgence of the enemy too disheartening to finish.it's all very campy, for lack of a better word, and new wave fantasy what little there is, because it's largely a movement centered around soft science fiction generally sets out to turn these tired tropes upside down.for the record: i really don't like the new wave movement and my own biased opinion on it might be doing more to diminish it than explain it.
Fucks a goddess and turns into a godThe End
So I'm gonna be writing a Sci-Fi novella soon. What are some books I should read for inspiration? And I mean non-genre books of course.
Dianetics.
Reading this at the moment.Just picked up for the cover to be honest.translationsYeah, i know but so far only one story was atrocious.
You could go read some books about physics, time travel, and black holes and stuff.
Cannibals and Kings, The Selfish Gene, The Wisdom of Crowds, The Principia.
alright. I'm tackling Book of the Short Sun next. already read New & Long.tried out Latro in the Mist but didn't really enjoy it much.
Latro is a good read if you are into Greek history and mythology. It really reinvents the whole genre, and gives the finger to the vast majority of sword and sandal authors who do a tenth of the research.
the aeneid, the elegant universe, and thomas more's utopia.how far did you get in latro?
finished the first book. I just get the feeling that I need to be reading the thing with a greek mythology compendium at my side. I didn't really "get it".
read the histories of herodotus too if you haven't
I'm tackling Book of the Short Sun nextGet ready to cry. Its so fucking sad.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who had to blink away tears at the end.
My puppy died when I first started reading Short Sun. So when Horn realized the lander was Auk's I burst crying, had to put the book down and cried for hours after that. Its a powerful novel either way, there are so many sad passages about getting old and friends dying, I would have still wept even if I didn't lose my dog.
That fucking sucks.The lander scene and the scene where Horn speaks with Silk in Blood's shattered mansion got me all teary eyed. It really is a great book.
Over all its super sad because its all a letter to Nettle. Or when Horns talks to his dad. Short Sun is meant to relate to the odyssey, Horn back in the Whorl seemed to me to be like when Odysseus went to the underworld to talk to Achilles. That last book was like a man going through the afterlife.
I've always wondered what Nettle thinks of the identity of the writer. And what happens after they leave for the Whorl again, assuming they reach it in time.Yeah the dad scene wrecked me too. Same with meeting Mint again. And the little paragraph in the second book where Horn wakes up over Hyacinth's corpse. Pretty much all of the Whorl, really.I hadn't really considered the third book through that lens but I agree with it. It's an interesting observation and parallel.
You know what? Ideology is fucking great.tfw fueled by zealous belief in the rightness of my causetfw never been happier
Everyone knows this
Not Mr. Angry Pants "Marx is the lord" Zlatan Cicero
If you're so fulfilled why did you need us to validate you?
praxis  ideology.
Welcome to fascism, the art of embracing a belief you know to be wrong, because believing is better than not believing.
implying preaching the glories of ideology is the same as seeking vindicationif you're content to no want to see the light, so be ityou're missing out bro
Isn't that what everyone does these days, those? Acknowledge that our morality has no universality but try to impose it on others anyway?
Nah, the only morality that non-fascist relativists try to enforce is the paradox ethical demand of relativism.
Define fascist.
Zizek isn't opposed to ideology per se.He just likes critiqueing when political phenomena are ideologically considered apolitical, and when people concede their prejudice, but continue to cynically act upon them.
Oh yeah, forgot to add, Zizek openly endorses collectivism and totalitarianism, at least in an emotional and ideological sense.
I don't. I'm amoral but my power is universal.
It's nice to let your betters do all your thinking for you, isn't it?

muh radical individualismThis sort of reaction is precisely the reason the West has gone to shit.
Wrong subject, comrade; wrong subject entirely.
back to pol
yeah, it really is
Admittedly, I'm /pleb/. Can you elaborate on your idea?
Fuck off /pol/
Oh fuck, quoted the wrong post. Meant this one.
So beyond moral discourses lie praxes of power within the proletariat, the Universal Class.Morality is a discourse of shall/ought. Praxis is a power behaviour of, for example, expropriating the expropriators, hanging the bosses with the guts of bureaucrats, etc.We don't do these things because of oughts, we do them out of naked collective self-interest.Lukacs on History and Class Consciousness is your starter here.
The picture in the OP is troubling. Are you suggesting a regression to more brutality would rejuvenate society? Is that what all this embrace the spook thread is about?
It's this whole notion of the intrinsic worth and wisdom of the thinking of every single person. It is, as I mentioned, an offshoot of the radical individualism that grew out of Enlightenment thinking. The tearing down of all levels of authority and the elevation of the thinking of every single person has only led to more people being more wrong about things more often, and to all the resultant fuckups that such a state engenders.The simple truth is that you can scoff all you want, but there really ARE such a thing as your "betters," perhaps not as part of an intrinsic social or political class, but surely as those who are smarter than you, more accomplished than you, and possess wisdom which you do not. These people aren't some lie The Man is feeding you, they actually exist, and every now and then you really should just shut the fuck up and listen when they talk. Not everyone is equal to everyone at this exact moment, and pretending otherwise only leads us all to make spectacular mistakes and generally be miserable.
The whole counter argument is to find peace out of the zeal not necessarily to be safe but to understand that the zeal is not necessary. It throws a lot on a person, effort, responsibility, duty which can potentially harm you or others, or cause you to expend yourself for no reward. The trick is to put your zeal into the mundane instead of the extraordinary, then you get the awesome feel good feelings without the adherence to dogma.Why are you mentioning it in this thread? We have no reason to assume OP is better than any other poster on here.
, 
Three topics.Pact Instinct: was it the precursor to 'commitment'{as seen as the very last boundary of communication before deathThe limit of tradeWere females the dominant force in the development of decadence and hence the once general rising quality of living?
bump
gibberish, probably demonstrably wronglots of themnoHow about you keep it one topic per thread, orat least make it topics that have some connection?
Teach me Catholicism's understanding of sex and sexuality.What is the purpose of sex?Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?
ITT bigots
Anon please. Im trying to learn.
What is the purpose of sex?why do you think that there is a purpose ?
All things exist with purpose, with Catholic doctrine.
What is the purpose of sex?Procreative unityWhy is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Sex is by definition a kind of procreative unity. This definition corresponds to a real part of human nature, because human beings are divided into two sexes, capable of fulfilling different reproductive roles, which requires a special kind of unity for those roles to be fulfilled. Fulfilling this functionality properly means marriage, while all other kinds of unnatural acts from fornication to sodomy are distortions of it. If one were instead to define "sex" differently perhaps a kind of pleasurable touching, idk, then we'd simply be talking about different functionalities, rather than the same phenomenon. The words we use for each aren't particularly important.Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?No. But the will must not intend something contrary or perverting of the purpose. This is because moral actions concern the right order of the will, and the right order of the will in the sexual respect is to fulfil its function- i.e., to bring sexual partners together in a procreatively-complementary union. This role can be fulfilled without directly intending the conclusion, though insofar as the will intends what excludes the fulfilment of the sexual faculties, he wills evil, and thus does evil.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?Marriage is a kind of union, specifically, a procreative one. A thing can be a member of a kind while, due to accident or mishap, be also unable to fulfil its characteristic function or be impeded in that function in some respect- e.g. having a nose which can't smell, or an eye which can't see, which is, though a member of the kind, a defective member of the kind. So the question of what a marriage is, is the question of what kind of union it is, rather than what the union happens to be able to accomplish. Homosexual unions, on the other hand, qua homosexual, are intrinsically incapable of procreative unity, hence are not kinds of marriage, which just is the normative fulfilment of the sexual faculty.
Sex is by definition a kind of procreative unityWhy is it that and not mutual genital stimulation of two or more individuals?
I'm not an expert but I'll try to give some answers. Caveat lector, I might be wrong.What is the purpose of sex?Marriage has a procreative and a unitive function in Catholicism. This means that marriage should occur within wedlock and should be 'open to procreation'.Why is it the purpose of sex and not something else?Eh? Because it's good at those purposes? Because God says so?Must all sex be directly done in the intent of all the purposes to be considered moral? Why?In a certain sense, yes. Sex should be within marriage, and open to procreation. That means that contraception and non-vaginal sex are sinful, though sex need not of necessity lead to children. This is because God created sex for these purposes, and we shouldn't go against God's design. I've heard some talk that to do so would be 'contrary to the dignity of the human person'.If gay marriage is wrong due to the lack of ability to procreate, what of couples that physically cannot have children?This a peculiarity about Catholic doctrine on sex. The sex act should be 'open to procreation'. This means that couples have penis-in-vagina sex without contraception. This does not go so far as to require that the couple must conceive and bear a child. The woman may be in an infertile phase, she may be pregnant, or she may be past her fertile years. The man may have low sperm motility. What is proscribed is to willingly close the sex act to new life, which essentially means all forms of sodomy, contraception and masturbation. In practical terms, the Catholic doctrine boils down to unprotected marital vaginal intercourse = good, anything else = bad. That's not to say that most Catholics follow this, though. Most Catholics of course use contraception and masturbate.I don't adhere to the Catholic view since I'm non-religious, but I've tried to be fair to it here. Catholic clergy have encouraged members of the laity to practice a rhythm method of contraception where couples have sex when the woman is at a less fertile point in her menstrual cycle. Things like this seem very strange to me because assiduously tracking symptoms of fertility for intercourse opportunities to me seems a lot like 'closing the sexual act to life'. Does doing it that way trick God into thinking you want a little baby? Anyway, I'll stop before I go full fedora.
/tv/ keeps telling me that the books are a shit and I should come here for proof.Are they that fucking bad? What is something wrong with them that couldn't be said about Tolkien for example?
They're bloated as fuck for no good reason and very little actually happens throughout them. Characters can spend the entire book getting from point A to point B and still not be there by the end. Besides that the prose is mediocre at best and laughable at worst.
the more she drank the more she shatITS GENRE SHITNO DISERNIBLE TALENTThere opie, i ressumed the thread for you.
Something about a bitch that shits diarrhea poop so hard that she passes out or something
has the show gotten to the diarrhea scene yet?
Are they that fucking bad? What is something wrong with them that couldn't be said about Tolkien for example?if you're seriously asking that then you probably won't even understand what's actually bad with grrm
they read like fanfiction tier garbage.I've heard it said that GRRM hates fanfiction of his own work because of his legitimate concerns it would be better than anything he could write.
I'm playing Devil's advocate. I have every intention of screencapping the better posts in this thread and using them to troll bookfags in /got/.
I come here because I'm not smart enough to form my own argumentspls go and stay go. /tv/ is a containment board and got general is a containment thread in a containment board. it's probably the most pleb place on this whole website and you want help to lord it over them intellectually.
No, as stated I came here because people over there constantly flaunt /lit/ as an authority as to why GRRM's books suck. I came for proof, nothing more.
"He's very popular, so it would be uncool for me to say that he's any good."~ Everyone on lit.
/lit/ is full of failed writers and unemployed phylosophy grads.They are mad that GRRM wrote shit that actually gets published.
trying to spook /lit/erate people
I'm a published writer in a STEM field.
i've had several things published[/spoiler]in my university's paper that i work for
o jesus
kek this denial, this b8 it's delicious
Nobody cares about science literature.
It isn't science literature.I actually don't believe science is a valid method of interpretation, it ignores any extreme variance from the norm, as well as anything that cannot be observed or inferred.But engineering is always in demand, and I'm fine with undergraduate-level material, so I sacrificed a bit of my integrity for security.
it ignores any extreme variance from the normThat is wrong. Any type of "unexpected" variance is an error of the application of an expression. For instance, if you consider the equation for the ideal gas law for real gases, you will have a bad time. as well as anything that cannot be observed or inferred.If they cannot be observed, they cannot interfere. You are from engeneering, you should know that already.
You're ignoring the central point. Science is inherently reductionist.
On the contrary. The simplicity of science is the common denominator for any physical event.
tfw struggle with trying to get published in a lit journal
Cool. Me too and I'm fucking 20. It isn't hard to get published in STEM and it doesn't mean shit.
See: 
What is something wrong with them that couldn't be said about Tolkien for example?It pisses me the fuck out when people compare GURM to Tolkien just because both of them wrote fantasy.If you want to know, ASOIAF has absolutely nothing to offer but shallow excitement.Sure, death of the author and shit, meaning can be inferred and interpreted from any text I guess; but that doesn't change that his work lacks direction, has amusingly bad prose, lacks a clear theme, tries to be edgy but it doesn't really amount to anything, the pacing is absolutely fucking atrocious due to his fetish for both POV writing and shitting, and has a blatant Mary Sue in Daenarreahs.
Why would smarts matter? If you haven't read the books, you haven't read the books.
from a tv brain "books" probably implies what is being written right now or has been written in our lifetimes. I wouldn't argue with that but there are a lot more books out there. if tv means that books are bad because the /lit/ board is bad, well..
it will be the most epic season finale ever. How will she ever break the wheel now?
The first three or four books are fine - actually the first three in particular are excellent. But then he starts milking it, dragging shit out beyond all reason and that's when it goes to hell.
GRRM has strengths and weaknesses.He tried doing something different with all his historical references to battles and dynastic turmoil, such as Greek Fire in Byzantine's famous naval battles, and the marriage/heir drama in the 100 years war.His prose has gone from not great to bad, largely because he knows that his HBO deal will sell his brandname, so now he refuses to listen to his editor.He claims he has an overall theme in mind for his magic and that it should be obvious, but then makes vague choices in the novel, why do Catelin Stark/Beric Dondarion/cold hands still have their personalities when they return, but the white walkers don't?. Or out of character makes weird contradictions, such as stating that Danny isn't immune to fire, she can still be burned, and her funeral pyre scene was magic.He seems to have changed his mind about the direction the novels are headed, since he stated them in the 90's, which has made the story bloated. Bloated not only in density and number of novels but some characters keep getting chapters that just delay the inevitable because other characters aren't in position yet for major plot points.
Excerpt from the first book.
...it cried, its voice as low and chilling as a cold wind from the north.this is garbage
The Joyce of our generation.

If he were a more economical fucking writer he wouldn't be having this problem. Christ's sake, Tolkien was just as autistic in his worldbuilding but he at least managed to tell a complete story in about 400,000 words.
I can't brint myself to read ASOIAF because I'm worried about wasting time that I could spend on reading something better.
I don't get it.What's so bad about onomatopoeia?
autistic in his worldbuildingcare to give an example of a better world builder?
I didn't use 'autistic' as an insult, I used it as a descriptor. Tolkien and Martin both built extremely detailed, incredibly fleshed out worlds with more thought and care put into them than could ever fit in a single story, no matter how large.
oh...I don't think that word would ever be taken as not an insult.
Many words that are normally insulting are NOT insulting when used in the context of a 4chan post.You know, like 'faggot.'
First couple of books are passable deconstructions of overplayed fantasy tropes with gimmicky grimdark edginess mixed in. Then the series disappears up its own ass, plotlines get ludicrously complicated and unresolvable and the writing goes down the shitter.
Well, for one thing, it does nothing to strengthen the imagery and second the rest of the passage is wretched
i swear to god people should have to earn a license to express thoughts
I've pretty much always read a fair bit of "pleb genre trash" but even I found the GRRM books boring and sort of soulless. They seemed violent and transgressive simply for the sake of being edgy. Just all this meaningless death and incest. When GRRM started writing this crap there were all these gritty, grim, medieval tv shows and movies and I think that's where he drew his inspiration from. I don't get why people like these at all, let alone the massive popularity.
Well he has a background in television. Maybe he was trying for something beyond imagery, something auditory.Sounds like oppression. I'd still pass it. Send in the firing squad, I'm ready. bangbangbang
I always thought that whole diarrhea business was just lit shitting on him, I can't believe he actually wrote that though he's a disgusting neckbeard. Are the books full of dicks too?
No, even he said he's not obsessed with 'weenies', it should be 'boobies'.
People are just assmad that, despite the booktv dichotomy, the show is actually telling a more efficient story than the books.If you think about it, that's the only way he could ever be able to let the TV show happen as it is right now. unlike most great authors that clearly disdain the pleb masses like J. D. Salinger, GRRM is more like Tolstoy, Joyce and Proust in that he is purposely not writing popular fiction. He's not writing for his audiences enjoyment. He's writing for himself and the hardcore academic autists that would obsess over this shit. He wants his work to be more than the sum of its parts.It's not even that he's not pandering to D&D nerds and manchildren like Pratchett and others do. He literally doesn't give a fuck if only 5 people ever read his shit.Inexplicably... his work became popular with the pleb masses. They're just not used to a popular fiction creator not caring about them at all.
That isn't from the first book m8.
Just read the first the only penis on it I think was Hodor'sIt is, when Tywin battles Roose Bolton next to the Green Fork, and Tyrion brings his army of savages with him.
Grapes of WrathGift of the Magi?????what are the best books/stories about poor people being poor?
Dostoevsky
Specifically Crime and Punishment
try reading flannery O'Connor, Raymond carver, or Richard yates.not necessarily poor but definitely working/lower class lives. some of O'Connor's stories have dirt poor people in them.
frank mccourt
Down and Out in Paris and London/ Keep the Aspidistra Flying - OrwellThe Ragged Trousered Philanthropists - TresselGerminal/Nana/The Drinking Den/ The Earth - ZolaAnd as other anons said Raymond Carver, Flannery O' Connor and Alice Munro have some stories about the poor.
Last Exit to Brooklyn
this. holy fuck, it's grim
can we talk about marijuana simpson?
Is that a bot? Four tweets an hour is beyond unhealthy.
even make it easy for yousomeone humor me.
lol if you believe that. how old are you? are you even on twitter?
No discernible talent
I mean um no. Like. Can you not?
Post some of your prose and let others critique it, /lit/. I'd like to see what some of our budding writers on this board potentially have.
Imagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
He heard her distant speech from the office corridor; water vapour's laughter. Almost a whisper, graciously featherweight. Intentional or not, it was honest. Sugar paper wrapping an audible gift: such low decibel rating, more than enough to cause tinnitus. Nothing was ever forced, just slightly tapped. An incorruptible piece of audio not unlike a recently purchased cassette with an eternal promise establishing a rule for never playing it; you wouldn't want to damage such a beautiful sound.Naaaah, no, that's not. Wait. Her hair's a modest gradient - brown soil foundations allowed marvellous blonde establishments to grow and prosper, as many aspire for the success that her hair had achieved. Goddamn, wow. She seemed preoccupied, mid-discussion regarding some professional concerns - water cooler jargon for getting asses in gear because that shit wasn't ever going to record itself Oh god, you know how these artists are: "Hey, can I record this new solo I've been working on?" Well how about fuck off, no, it isn't exactly fucking November Rain. Just finish the fucking song, we want to go home, you self-indulgent rats. Despite concerns, stresses and depresses, she would seemingly give various timezones, annual celebratory holiday information and the variables that contribute to the variations of seasons' length and timing throughout each year. Surprisingly, she probably could. Those glasses. Whoa, Nelly. His libido would pull them off with his teeth; his libido this and that, a few lustful thoughts popped into mind -- fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off, fuck off. I cannot believe I let that happen. Despite natural urge; the drill sergeant pushing forward, hoping his training of the soldiers had motivated them enough to succeed and survive the battlefield - probably Normandy, all the marching - against the foe. The Cold War scum suckers who wanted to fuck their freedom and cum in its hair, motherfuckers! They'd fuck their own mothers! The hun cunts and the Russkie shits, right, right, right, huh? ACHTUNG, I'LL SEE THE DEATH OF YOU BEFORE YOU RISE ONCE MORE.He turned his back from her general direction to hide the uprising. It seemed not just the revolt against Communism, but he was hiding the tearing of the Berlin wall and possibly the French Revolution too on second thought, most likely the French had something to do with it all. The studio was empty, right? Thundered, thundered, foot soldier march! I don't know what I've been told, What we have here is Cuban missile gold!
I was so mad at my Mom and Dad I punched my wall like *BANG*, like a boxer hitting a heavy bag. I didn't even care if I hit a stud or something. I hit just plain drywall though and punched through it like *BANG* you know? I was so tired of them always yelling at me and telling me how stupid I am. My Dad used to smack my head like I was a moron when I messed up at something that I wouldn't even know how to do anyway. It was my chore to sweep up the kitchen but getting around the table was a pain so I just pushed the chairs and stuff over and Mom yelled at me "what's wrong with you!". Dad came in and said "what is going on here jesus christ Ben what is it now". I didn't even throw the chairs I just pushed them out of the way cause they told me to sweep and the kitchen was fucking clean anyway. I had to stand there while they kept yelling but they told me to go to my room and I didn't have to finish. My wall has a lot of holes in it but I don't hit the ones by my bed anymore. They face outside and in the winter it gets cold around where the holes. I asked for a TV for my birthday but my parents got me a CD.
It's like Holden Caulfield revised for the 21st century. I like
I'm glad you recognized what I was going for but I feel the voice isn't quite consistent enough yet.
Theres some really sweet ideas in this, anon. Polish it more, maybe elaborate on some of the more interesting passages like "water vapour's laughter" and get really free with it. This is nice.
I was sitting there, I was depressed as hell, looking at some website where a bunch of phonies yappped and yapped about books. I like books, but the all the ones they were talking about were written by phonies. For instance, there was this real dumb bastard they were always worshipping called "Pinecone". That's right. A goddamned guy named Pinecone. Anyways, I read a few pages of one of this Pinecone guy's books and boy was is a load of junk. All he talked about were little pieces of architecture and bananas. I'm done with that for kind of shit for a while. Books aren't for me. I guess ever since I started fingerbanging Phoebe nothing seems as interesting.
Arthur peered out the window. His eyes trailed across every fleeting natural occurrence that passed by the train. Arthur marvelled at the beauty of nature in his adolescence. Often entranced, his sense of time became distorted -- wherein some instances, where seconds became hours and vice versa. However, self-criticality along with a change of scenery from his small country home to small apartment in the middle of a booming industrial city lead Arthur to forget his old tendencies.The train ride brought him back to his primal desire. There was a particular point in the train ride wherein he felt an overwhelming sense of sadness when passing a peculiarly beautiful area. A deep and gorgeous valley was separated by the cold steel of the train doors. On the top of the valleys were wisps of fog that rested, frozen in an ostensible eternity. Although the valleys extended far past his view, those in sight all followed a similar downward path to a circular center. Arthur was incapable of seeing the bottom of these valleys due to his position on the train, to which he attributed that such valleys held an abyss at the bottom. It is often of human nature to be anxious of the unknown. Arthur, on the other hand, found himself awestruck by the enigma -- a contrarion to most he knew. And when Arthur realized his current obsession, he felt the hammer of reality crack down upon him. It was swift, as if an execution. And rather than tasting blood as one would as he approaches death, Arthur felt an earthy bitterness touch his tongue.
Craig sat in his small-but-cozy office in the chili factory and looked over the recent data. The fancy charts and detailed analysis all arrived at a simple problem: participants did not respond well to the chili variation with a little extra cocoa powder or the variation with slightly less cocoa powder compared to the current recipe found throughout grocery store shelves across the country. To Craig, this simply meant that the clear solution was to chance nothing in the original recipe. To the higher-ups, this was a completely unacceptable answer. Their firmly held beliefs stated that a little tweaking done routinely was necessary to keep the brand relevant. The Bachelor's of Science hanging on the wall signified to everyone that Craig ought to be capable of finding a solution."Well, we increased and decreased the amount of cocoa by 1/4 teaspoon--so maybe trying again with 1/8 teaspoon would provide a more subtle change that the participants would find more palatable."There were a lot of furrowed brows and thoughtful nods at this suggestion. He was glad his idea had been met with approval, yet disappointed since it's implementation was sure to be a headache. Feeling the familiar weight of tasks and responsibility begin to press down on him, he opened the drawer of his desk and started working on an unfinished sudoku.
She jolted sideways as something came smashing down beside her. A great spatter of red had spackled on the white rock, and she saw what had created it: a turtle totally cracked open, shell smashed out and innards spilt upon the stone. With a whoosh of wind an eagle fluttered down beside the corpse, landing with a folding of its wings and hopping to the ruined turtle's ruined form. Its curved beak swept into the broken shell, ripping out a chunk of guts that promptly was gulped down. The eagle paused then, for it saw her. Its piercing yellow eyes were gleaming in its brown feathery face. She knew that look, that stare. She nodded. “Good eating,” she said. Then her eyes went back onto the bloody spatter. She saw the brilliant scarlet fluid running now in rivulets into the crevices and crannies of the ancient stone. She felt the flow as though it ran across her own skin, felt the weight that blood has and the strange way that it sticks and stretches over hardy surfaces. Her own blood, in between her ears, began to pump the faster. She swallowed. She shook her head, tried to clear the feeling, and she hurried on.
This is a little melodramatic, but that's fine. More worryingly, you seem to dance between the past and the present tense.Nevertheless, the language is powerful, and you use particularly strong words at the right moments- like "deep and gorgeous valley" which I like- and the use of the word "abyss."Just pay more attention when you're writing.
Much appreciated, Anon.
Want to try creative writing myself: how often should I redraft passages? I have ideas planned out, but should I be a little freeform with structure? I know some authors certainly are. How often can I mix the colloquial with the formal?
On the strip scene in True LiesImagine being Arnold in that scene and having to be all like "damn, Jamie Curtis, you fuckin' fine, all sexy with your tight body and horrific androgynous monster face. I would totally have sex with you, both my character and the real me." when all he really wants to do is fuck another 16 year old in his dressing room. Like seriously imagine having to be Arnold and not only sit in that chair while Jamie Lee Curtis flaunts her disgusting body in front of you, the favorable lighting barely concealing her stretchmarks and leathery skin, and just sit there, take after take, hour after hour, while she perfected that dance. Not only having to tolerate her monstrous fucking visage but her haughty attitude as everyone on set tells her she's STILL GOT IT and DAMN, JAMIE LEE CURTIS LOOKS LIKE *THAT*?? because they're not the ones who have to sit there and watch her mannish fucking gremlin face contort into types of grimaces you didn't even know existed before that day. You've been fucking nothing but a healthy diet of blondes and supermodels and later alleged rape victims for your ENTIRE CAREER coming straight out of the boonies in Austria. You've never even seen anything this fucking disgusting before, and now you swear you can taste the sweat that's breaking out on her dimpled stomach as she sucks it in to writhe it suggestively at you, smugly assured that you are enjoying the opportunity to get paid to sit there and revel in her "statuesque for that is what she calls herself" beauty, the beauty she worked so hard for with personal trainers in the previous months. And then the director calls for another take, and you know you could kill every single person in this room before the studio security could put you down, but you sit there and endure, because you're fucking Arnold. You're not going to lose your future political career over this. Just bear it. Hide your face and bear it.
jamie lee curtis is hot in that imo but this was still funny to me
The day the world ended was just like any other. Honey bees suckled on sweet nectar as robins and jays flitted about the azure sky, leaving behind downy feathers in their wake. Children played on the streets and in the public parks, for it was finally the weekend they had been looking forward to. The older citizens occupied their free time with recreational sports in the sun, tasty picnics in the shade, and fine music in the ears. The sun was high and shined brightly upon the content populous, radiating warm whispers that masked the impending demise of their insignificant planet. The happy mood quickly changed to severe terror when the first disaster struck. A deafening boom resounded across the world, as if Gaia had clapped her earthen hands together in delight. But rather, the earth came apart. Paved roads crumpled up as tremors shook reverberated through cities and towns, thoroughly thrashing their denizens. The ground split into a multitude of fractured pieces, creating chasms far too deep to see the bottom of that greedily swallowed whole groups of terrified humans. Not knowing where to run from the ground, people aimlessly fled for their lives in fear, praying to their gods for their lives to be spared. Soon after came the tidal waves, washing entire continents like a divine hose. The water had turned a murky black and it crashed against all that stood in it's path, sweeping up tall skyscrapers and small people with ease and carrying them nowhere in particular. By now, only those living on the tallest mountains had survived this series of catastrophes, but they didn't have long to enjoy their good fortune. The sky turned a sickening crimson as piercing whistles rang through the air. Blazing red meteors stabbed through the clouds and rained down upon whatever was left of the broken planet, punching deep holes in what little ground there was to punch deep holes in. The mighty mountains crumbled, the black oceans sloshed, and the last human cried out in despair at the unforgiving end to humanity as a molten boulder slammed down from above and crushed him mercilessly.
day just like any otherquickly changedclichefor it wasthe unforgiving end to humanityyou don't talk like that, don't write like that.The older citizens fled for their lives in fear, praying to their godssafe and lifelesslike a divine hosea sickening crimsonNOI diagnose you with a Heavy Hand. Take some Dostoevsky short stories and call me in the morning.
I'm not sure if this is a genuine attempt at creative writing or shitposting but I like it.
On a tuesday the man lost his dog. The dog was brown. The dog ran fast. The owner was really sad when he lost his fast dog. He called all his friends. One of his friends found the dog. The man was really happy now.
Obvious error- a man aware of his own position in time cannot be happy.
Start off by describing why it's cozy or why it's fancy.
and she hurried on.Nice
It's pretty sincere, man. I got the idea to write about a girl I have a crush on and wanted to write about her in a romantic way at first, but then I started writing with an intention for a metaphor for every passage. I'm going to re-draft it and remove parts that I find aren't particularly interesting to read, but yeah man, it\'s completely genuine.
reposting my shitty prose, non-native speaker, looking for criticism. gonna get to critiquing in a bit although I dont think I have much to contribute, gotta do stuff for a secSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes. As time passes on they move closer with a cozy and peaceful smile on their small round faces. They sit next to you on the couch and you turn your head just a slight bit and nod politely. Over time, you feel the couch tilt ever so slighty to your new neighbours' side and as you look over, you could swear they look bigger than before. Not definitely, but perhaps slightly more voluptuous. You start to feel soft fur brushing up against your arm as they spread out to accommodate for their new size. You knew you were right. A bit disgruntled and displeased at their sudden appearance you shuffle to your end of the sofa, trying to bring just a bit of space between yourself and the three unannounced guests. You look over once more and observe the once benevolent faces turn into gruesome grimaces, watching you with a self-righteous, sly smile. Their growth is undeniable now; one of them is again brushing up against your arm. Flight is impossible. Soothing sing-song surrounds your thoughts, lulling you and tucking you into bed. They have taken control now, throning high above and looking down upon their prey, a mischievous grin spreading from ear to ear. Now it can't be long. There is no rush. Darkness engulfs you. Don't struggle. Submit.You look into the Abyss. And Jump.

i like it9/10
this is literally r/writingprompts: the post
Please don't use *BANG*.
Could a king, a prince, a duke – nay, even one of those ubiquitous invisibles who, we are led to believe, accompanies us when thinking, speaking, or acting – could even this sinless atom refrain from tainting its spotless gear with the wish of a human heart, as those grey eyes looked in bashful tenderness into the glittering jet revolvers that reflected their sparkling lustre from nave to circumference, casting a deepened brightness over the whole features of an innocent girl, and expressing, in invisible silence, the thoughts, nay, even the wish, of a fleshy triangle whose base had been bitten by order of the Bodiless Thinker.
what
Existing. The state of being. That familiar lament of hollow bell carved to questions, softly resounding across the lonely grey beaches of time. That silver vein that runs in the stricken, a slowing jolt, the persuasion of poison! How it so wistfully curls like a cobra in the contours of a cortex. A sacrifice. The altar is no longer blood stained! It is spoken and traversed and evenly distributed. Now, we walk in blood and as talk it, it winds in miniscule stalks and attaches itself to others, now we swim in it as we move, a dark treacle, now the tiny droplets in the air around us, condense our vision so even what we view is touched with the translucent taint of our sin. The laugh of a child in the forest. Softly shrill, it's brief duration dwarfed by its brilliance, a shining star in the dark hug of bark. Lost, wanderous one, but found again, where the thorns whisper and shake and the thin stalks of nettle waver, wanton, in the soporific summer breath. Here, you will dream, at last.
*knave
I think it's the best example I have as of now of what I'm trying to achieve. Posted before so yeah.Snickering now. I take his phone and start playing with its camera. The lights are still following us. I turn off the Bluetooth radio-phone connection, but manage to turn it on again.We get to a village. France stops.-I need to get my smokes.We get out after parking on a walkway, the buildings and the road look like poorer traditional German hamlets replicas but synthesis with dawn-haze and high renders them inwardly monastic-like in a way.I take a few photos, with my phone and then his. Then both together, one in front of the other. Marco and Luca are still sleeping in the back, France’s looking for a shop. He looks kind of depressed.-I think they are all closed. I think. Maybe not.-What time is it?I reflectively, to then check the phones and answer my own question.-Half past five on both, more or less.-When are they opening?-I don’t know. No connection.-Fuck.We walk around the town, which is completely shut down. Back at the car, we sit in the boot drinking a couple beers, smoking the rest of the packet. France’s cutting along the edge of a beer can with his knife.-So, you know where this house’s supposed to be?-No, I thought you knew. I thought you were driving cos you knew where the place was.-I think Marco’s the only one who knows.He puts the can, torn open now, on the edge of the boot. I snuff out the stub in it.-Then we oughta wake them up.-Let’s get the smokes before that.We settle a little deeper in the boot, comfortable on the wall of six packs watching the sun rise, wet and bloody, between the low blue mountains.
intrigues meI want to know who france is
The first sentence doesn't flow that wellSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue and at long last sleep, sits down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyesThe biggest problem is when you connect the clauses "Slowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep" with "sits down in the corner". You would probably be better off just ending the sentence at "and at long last sleep". Actually now that I think about it it would be easier to replace sits with sitting, as sits is never really used singularly. Ex., you wouldn't be able to they "They sits/ We sits/ etc.. This would make your sentenceSlowly creeping comes weariness, comes fatigue, and at long last sleep; sitting down in the corner, watching you out of small, tired eyes.Sorry this critique is so rambling, I haven't slept in like 24 hours
1.So, we like, told the guy to fuck off, right? But he didn't! Now that aggravated our Little Tommy, whose nickname wasn't ironic - Tommy was little over 5 feet, poor soul. Italian heritage, he always said, as if anyone dared to ask."The fuck you mean you won't fuck off?", Tommy asked politely. "Just so, I won't. Fuck you, Tommy."Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banter and punched the fool straight in the face. Guy didn't even flinch, like he was a boxer or something. Au contraire, like the Belgians say, he sniggered like a cunt and delivered a backhand blow that made Tommy fly a little. "Hah! Faggot!", he shouted. Tommy didn't answer, as he was bleeding internally after falling down those stairs. The whole affair took maybe less than a minute. We, that is me and Joe Fingers don't ask, didn't move at all. Not a single muscle twitched on our granite-made faces as the guy approached us with a stern look on his face. Tommy finally regained consciousness and started cursing in both English and Italian, though the latter was a bit off grammar-wise. I was to tell him that later. I didn't have a chance, though. The guy stabbed me with a shiv he produced out of his backpocket. Straight in the heart! Shit, it didn't even hurt that much, right? Instant internal hemorrhage and that. Not a bad way to die, considering. Joe Fingers don't ask shouted as I was collapsing and tried murdering the guy with his bare hands. He nearly succeeded, only his own bare hands got in the way. By the time I was dead Joe Fingers don't ask most probably shat himself out of fear, because it smelled so fucking bad. Life fucking sucks. Good thing I'm done with it.
Not bad, I find it hard to write about existence without feeling angst-ridden or pretentious, but you do a decent job at it.
Tommy wasn't an adept of handling the banterAn and the are unnecessary, and disrupt flow. Consider revising to:Tommy wasn't adept at handling banterOtherwise, I enjoy the casual tone, something about that and the "don't ask" epithet kind of reminds me of DFW.
“Lock doors. Brain scan, subject Fletch, fifth run. Brain scan, subject Merrill, first run.”The two previously inactive lights set in the walnut desk fired into life, blue-tinged light projected into three dimensions, a section of sky brought down from above to rest in the air atop the desk. As suddenly as the light appeared came the models of the subjects’ brains, in what some would consider far too much detail, hovering, slowly rotating. The seat of human consciousness of these two separate individuals standing before the doctor as if presenting him with permission to stare into their being.“Show neuron activity density distinguished by lobe. At ten times speed, if you will.”The left brain slowly became an intriguing lightshow of intricately balanced neural activity, red light dashing amongst the blue, wires of human thought and action, creating a shifting bluish-pinkish glow as the stimuli experienced in the rift probed varying responses from varying areas of the brain. The density of the neural network activity seemed to be largely focused in the sensory cortex and occipital lobe, whilst the other areas of the brain were operating on reduced levels to those going about day-to-day life.
There were so many doors along this hall that I never remembered which one lead where. Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. The bathroom for example was right next to the throne room, because you never want to get lost while needing to relieve yourself. I stood at the entrance to the throne room and my mind went blank. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near. It would stay away from me though, unless I called it. Stood there looking at the ornate granite and amethyst door and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway. I used to be able to get there through a door in the throne room, but I had changed it. It had been that way for so long I had forgotten the change.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary. I didn’t have to close my eyes nor think too hard, and I arrived at the furthermost end the long walkway. I used to dash down the bridge too, but these days I didn’t want to get to the other end.
TOPKEKgood writing and flow, lol'dbritbong detected me and m80 write each other stories like thishe obvs intended that
at ten times the speed, if you willDoctors would never talk that personally to a robot, and probably not to a person, during surgery. "If you will" isn't the type of syntax used by a man controlling a machine for a task.
In Which I Call NancyAfter some degree of success in America with the sales of my most recent novel, a charming yet melancholy recollection of the events surrounding the year in which I had spent in a writer's limbo which had been diagnosed by my friend as the symptom of the dreaded yet ineffectual Continental Virus, known to my intellectual circle of acquaintances as Hemingway's Disease, I had expatriated myself from the United States and settled in the salty and sunny town of Palabras, a tiny establishment with only forty locals and a grand total of eight beach shacks, one of which I had rented for a year at the price of only a thousand American dollars. The events which followed my move were, at the least, a mildly engaging Shaggy Dog tale, which, if you were versed in the multitudes of story types, you would understand to be a wandering, plot-less, and ultimately meaningless set of occurrences which didn't seem to help any party ever at any point in time.Within my shack was a twin sized bed without a mattress, which I had thrown out after a few days as sleeping on the springs with only a sleeping bag and a bunched shirt as a pillow caused my temper to return with an overwhelming and uncontrollable fog that would cloud my judgment and cause me to react to what should have been smaller and more insignificant occurrences. I had elected that the frame should be burned and the springs returned to the city, once I could find some transportation with the only man who owned a vehicle in the town, though his insectoid sedan would only perhaps be able to carry it if the springs were somehow tied to the roof, although his car was so small that the spring set stretched farther than its length and was dangerously bent that it might touch the ground. This we found after we had attempted for a first time to take it to the city, and discovered the fiery sparks that lit up the road behind us once we reached the freeway, which had jinxed his car for what was apparently breakdown 'el segundo'. We had walked for an hour back to Palabras after that, pushing the car in neutral and creating a mess of one of the only sets of city clothing I had brought with me.1/?Cont?
Thats why I always had the two most used and important rooms at the ends of the corridors and the next most important near them. Really awkward phrasing. Also consider the idea that nobody really wants to read an analysis of somebody's floor layout. I looked up at the high ceiling in the hall, the dark matter twisted and twinkled purple in the way it did when someone was near.I feel like I'd have to know more about your world to even consider this idea. I'm getting an odd fantasy vibe, which is cool, but reading a character's perceptions of a room can get mighty tedious....and suddenly remembered where I was going. I’m such an idiot, I can only get there by jumping anyway.When a character talks to himself like this, it breaks the prosaic flow and eliminates whatever degree of interest I have in it. I'd recommend either keeping self-dialogue like this out of the story, or finding another way to expose the character's feelings about himself.I thought of the bridge that lead to the Sanctuary.One, this sentence is boring and hardly contributes to the story outside of telling me that the character is thinking about something I give absolutely no shits about, and two, making an object a proper noun like this screams of B rate science fiction and fantasy. It's very YA, which makes it disgusting.I hope this makes sense.
I was already going to eliminate that, so if it's the worst thing in that passage, I'm happy.
That's not my writing :^
Elia drifted off while his two companions continued discussing the upcoming conflict. He was listening to the chirping of the grasshoppers hiding in the tussock and sucked the warm dry air through his teeth. With sun right above his head he tread the soft ground lost in sweet absentness. "Yove...how does it feel to kill a man?" he heard Tomyan ask. "It doesn't feel any different. That's the worst part." "How do you mean that?" "I don't know. I...I always expected it to be something...other, something that leaves a mark. But then, it's there, and it doesn't feel any different from working on a field, eating a corn-stew, telling jokes with your companions or shagging a woman. I realized that you always hope that those things and killing someone are from two separate worlds - that they're different. It's a fucking kick in the guts when you find out they don't." Elia caught Yove glance wistfully back from where they came. It was just for a flash of a second, but he saw the muscles on the chin of the tall rugged man tighten. "Though," said Yove with his eyes bolting away. "Kick in the guts is just what one needs sometimes." Elia himself turned around to look at the vertical forest one last time. Now, from the distance, it seemed like an impenetrable wall, a solid object when he squinted his eyes. It looked quite alien, emerging out of the grassy plains where except for few scattered thickets here and there seldom grew trees. Elia bid goodbye to that strange place and to the fading memory of its peculiar denizen, whoever she was.
Gira looked like the kind of man a top-rate college vomited out after some bullshit degree in transcendental theory or something, she recalled meeting a man with a similar sort of look a few years ago, pompous I-know-something-you-don’t-know types who walk around with a lack of spacial awareness owing to the depth of arse their heads are tucked into. If this was the future of the free human race he surely didn’t meet the spec, in fact, he was the opposite of the spec, an antithesis of human opportunity hiding behind a full-body-suit of apparent mediocrity, almost bursting at the seams with contempt for the human condition.
This is pretty decent man. I think I would prefer a little more structure, or maybe it's just the content/topics you are addressing in the lines, but it feels like it's missing a little something. I'm not much of a critic, though, I do appreciate it.
Comments about this?Maybe it was too purple?
I don't think it's too purple, it has the obstructive and narcissistic flow of a soliloquy, as if at the end of every sentence the person were asked another question and in response burst back into poetry.If you don't mind, can you take a look at this:The heat death of the singular being; a fate to aspire to. Someone somewhere was smoking a cigarette, else a fire was burning inside his own brain, stocked with beechwood and overprocessed tobacco, maybe jasmine too. Far removed from burnt toast which was some succour. The weight of a dozen motorcycles would do well to produce and effect this drastic. Deep thought was all that could be managed and all that could be deeply thought about was the unending uselessness he was encountering in this moment. Dull light permeated his eyelids from the sconce hung off of the wall behind the couch, the end of a tunnel finally approaching after a petrifying journey on rails through oblivion. Deep ruts cut across the glistening chocolate expanse above his eyes. Hours passed. People were born and people had died. Marriages were made and broken. Gira opened his eyes.The room was quiet, he was alone, though he had not been alone for long. The shutter was locked in place and he could not see any noticeable means of opening it from where he lay. Someone somewhere smoked a cigarette. Doc was in a dense span of clutter, an asymmetric and unorganised area of beer bottles and metal bins and industrial chains and works of art and works of lesser art and cigarette butts and bloodstains and rotting something-or-other. Unidentifiable odours combining edibles and non-edibles drifted through the room and out some sort of ventilation the man had yet to spot.
I think it's ok overall, but a few parts could be expressed in a different wayof the singular beingelse a fire was...which was some succourDeep thought ... deeply thoughtI suppose is the first part of a longer work? I don't think it can stand on its own.
I'm rather fond of the opening line.I need to change the word succour, it doesn't work in that sentence, I know.Deep thought to deeply thought is my writing preference, but I can understand your objection.It's two paragraphs taken from the middle of the fifth chapter. It definitely isn't meant to stand on its own.Thanks for the feedback.
She came in a dream first. Rich saw her face. When he laid her in the crib after the long hospital night he knew they would be all right. She was beautiful - so pale and smooth, eye like in his dream. Rich loved her. Emily loved her too.  He was enamored at her perfection. “Daisy. My Daisy,” Rich liked to say as he peered down into the crib. He counted her toes before he tucked her in at night, every night - he had to make sure none went missing while he was at the refinery. After that he showered and collapsed in front of his lukewarm pasta he popped a beer and looked at Emily. She finished scrubbing her plate and turned to him, hands on her hips. “You always wash your hands before you touch her.”  “Always,” Rich said. “What about me?” Rich starred at his food.  “It’s cold “We had plans.” Emily continued, “I’m not sure where we went wrong.” Rich got up and slid his arms around her waist and played with some threads that fell from her blouse. “We didn’t. Don’t worry. We’ll get there. We have to work on it.” She brushed him back, “I need to finish the dishes.” Rich grabbed his beer off the table and walked out to the living room, “I’ll work on it honey, don’t worry.”Daisy grew too slow for Rich. He wanted her to walk after eight months. Rich held her up by her arms and asked her to walk, sometimes he moved her legs with his hands - hoped that they stayed up straight. “Walk,” he said, “come on Daisy. Daisy. Walk honey. Come on.” Daisy just smiled and slumped back down into her crib.***Years before, Rich and Emily nuzzled close in the back roads and fields of their dying farm town. They stretched out underneath in the stars and planned their future in the wilting corn stocks. Emily liked that image. It felt comfortable, the young couple in the field twisting their own lullabies until the owl’s disappeared into the sun that peaked from beyond the grain silos. Rich promised something better, promised they would find somewhere better. “I’m just not sure Rich,” Emily said, “it’s not all as easy as that.” She brushed the strands of bangs from her eyes and sat up against the back up the truck bed. He stayed very still. An airplane blinked in the cloudless sky. He tracked it until all he could see was the faint yellow glimmer from downtown above the trees.
extract of my WIP novel:“Commercial stance coaching is my specialty, but I’m pretty sure I would have been anextraordinary success at whatever I’d decided to turn my hand to. I could’ve been that Liberace cat, for example. I didn’t have the hair though, unfortunately. This? Nah, they took this from my butt cheeks and glued it in. If you look closely you can see my scalp is continually leakinginfected sebum, see? No, I don’t blame you; the stench when you get up close is beyond human comprehension. Anyway, that’s eleven grand I won’t be seeing again. So, I didn’t really havethe hair to be Liberace. Or the rhinestones, I guess. A piano would’ve helped, and maybe a few lessons. Take those out of the equation and I could be as dead as that fat faggot right now, with my own mausoleum and everything.”more here:
You look down at her face and realize it's gone from very red to very pale. She is limp. You've killed her, you idiot. Choked her to death.You roll off of her and lay panting on your back for a while, numb. Waves slowly begin crashing in your gut. Supreme ecstasy, like a blazing fire. Then a long cold column of fear and anxiety. They melt and freeze and wage war upon each other for eternity.You've killed her. She's dead. This being no longer exists. You hazily recall her laugh and the way she moaned. Ice stabs you again. You should have been more careful, you bastard. But what can you do now? Remorse for your sins later, you've got to take care of this.You roll her up in the sheets tightly and fold her up best you can into a large suitcase you had brought with you. You shove the few actual belongings you brought into another small bag. You get dressed quickly and intend to make haste for the door. You pause, however, caught by a flash of heat. You stare at the large suitcase at your feet. Your face is hot and you're sure you're red. Why deny yourself? You bring your leg back and kick the suitcase as hard as you can, sending it slamming against the wall. A small moan emits. Light and strained, but definitely there. Shocked, your hands clam a bit. She's alive? You silently scold yourself for not diagnosing her correctly, but the seriousness is quickly sliced with humor. You can't help but laugh. She's alive? What a resilient little cockroach. You slam your foot into the bag once again, and sure enough another whimper escapes.
early flash-fic i wroteHer home is old, its ceilings are high. Her bed, a lounge and a coffee table make a clustered living room floor. She doesn’t leave her house much anymore. There is a phantom that rents an unused room from her, that torments her from the shadows of the night. She seems to live two lives –  that she can’t understand, that she cannot control.She always wakes with a start – hears the echo of a door slamming – her phantom has left for the day. She knows, from the way it slams the door, from the stale tobacco air, the havoc it has wrecked, the desolation it has left behind. She can feel its rage as though it was her own. Her spine arches beneath thin skin. The lounge is covered in harsh material that scratches her. She moves an ashtray and a glass, stained with red wine and lipstick, out-of-sight. She folds her legs and her arms to hide her nudity: she is gripped by humility – or shame – and feels overexposed to her phantom. She feels raw.It destroys her a little more each night, destroys her little world; it doesn’t even wake her up anymore. She studies the debris her phantom has left behind, reads letter fragments, repacks boxes; smooths out photographs against her bare thigh, slides them between the pages of heavy books. She has tears in her eyes.She storms about her house – throws back doors and draws curtains – tossing sheets and pillows and shirts off the rack in frantic exorcism.Fire burns her lungs, as her wild screams try in vain to form the sound of her phantoms name.Anguish overcomes her; like standing in an ocean, being swept away by waves of guilt and blame.She sits on her lounge, with her face buried in her hands, and lets out a tiny sigh and a tremor.She lights a cigarette and promises to keep her eyes open a little longer tonight.When her phantom returns, she will ask it to leave her alone. She’s very tired you see – and no longer wants to wake up to such a mess, in such a large, lonely house.
Once upon a time: shit happened. The end.implying brevity isn't a stylistic choice
chapter title: No offence, Nakamura  “Gentlemen, good morning. Roscoe, unless you want me to hook your screen up to theprojector again, I suggest you turn that goddamn phone off. Now, a question that I have asked myself several times over the years is this: how do we select senior executives at Piccolo Industries? I always arrive at the same answer: very, very badly. Assembled in this room, myself and to some extent Sal excluded, is one of the least talented groups of people outside ofCalifornia. If any one of you, right now, in a depressingly rare moment of informed inspiration, finally grew a pair of balls and crammed a grenade up his educationally-subnormal ass, taking thewhole sorry bunch of you with him to whatever squalid misery hole the Devil reserves for fatsuburban degenerates who die in such a manner having squandered every undeservedopportunity life has, presumably as part of some grand cosmic prank beyond my comprehension, presented to them, our share price would double instantly and I could finallyafford to pay off that lousy Arab fuck who says I felt up his retard daughter at that Unsung Heroes Awards fiasco. As if, Jesus! And we’d be able to hire a brand new management teamwithout going through the whole fuck-knows-why-so prohibitively expensive process of firing you hopeless pricks. A new team full of energy and ideas, a bunch of whip-smart Yale chicks with tits like the Hindenburg – before it crashed, obviously, a team that could finally show thoseslant-eyed little fucks at Imperial Jap Metric that Piccolo Industries is still able to kick their yellow asses all the way back to Naga-fucking-saki. No offence, Nakamura.” “None taken sir.”more: 
Novella about a detached loser who is obsessed with empty rooms and becomes estranged from his family and loved ones. I've gotten stuck, though I have an outline, and I also have trouble expanding on what I have. Tips for the latter?The air does not move. It is not frozen, it has just stopped. Projects unfinished will never receive their rest nor their purpose. An antique rotary saw hulks on the central island of the workshop. A scrawny yellow pencil lies beside it and a lone playing card and a table of measurements and a bolt. A few feet on either hand of the island, sunken into the muggy unstirred warmth, are lined tools above cabinets stuffed with even more tools. You cannot imagine that all of them were given their own time and you're probably right about that. The old man who once huddled in here, wearing a blue cap logoed by the fishing company he retired from and a striped linen shirt, digits slow and patient, repaired a lot of things before he left. Swings. A boat. He cut a tree down. But no, he probably never used the wrench two rows from the top, dead center. The last time his widow came into the workshop was three weeks ago; a neighbor stopped by and asked for a drill. The prints she left in the scattered trails of dust and saw-shavings will be here a while.In a month it will be July, and visiting relatives will step inside the silent shop to dig around for a loose hammer they need to hammer away with. The artifacts will sigh for the attention, and the lone inhabiting roach will make himself scarce. One grandchild will say "Gawr, he had enough stuff yeah?" A busy son will duck the sense of eeriness and reply with an unengaged "Sure did." A different grandson will think back to these objects' former owner, and how he wouldn't care for the way his boy's boy turned out - effeminate and naive.Then the door will shut, opening the shop back into dim light, rain drops, mold, recollections, and expectations.
Going there wasn’t the problem; the issue was he wasn’t ready. The Burderhayme Inn was too close for what day it was on the calendar, and he couldn’t seem to turn the car around. He’d put in inhuman effort to turn the wheel in fact, but with a pair of socks shoved down his throat and pair of silver plated steel handcuffs snugged very tight on his wrists and his legs hogtied from 3 hours before, he was basically a piece of ham thrown in the back of the SUV. Tyler, the fat smelly one, had been the one who arsed up his legs with the rope when they’d managed to drug him and then drag him through the diner parking lot across from VALUE-DISCOUNT-MART and put him in the vehicle. He was stuck. He had nothing to do now but lay quietly and think about what was going to happen.'Think happy thoughts' he thought as he tasted the sweaty socks his mouth. He made an involuntary retching sound. “ergh...ak.”He heard a large thing in front of him croaking and assumed it was a laugh... then there was a fart. Tyler. “You comfy back there, Bellack?” Tyler was trying to speak to him when he was gagged. Didn’t the idiot realize he couldn’t talk right now? Bellack glared at the back of his blindfold, hoping his stare could wither while covered up. Tyler chuckled in front of him, then burped. “You’re disgusting, Tyson.” The driver: a large black man with an expensive watch was all he had seen before he’d been bound. The driver kept getting Tyler’s name wrong. “I should have put you in the back with him so you don’t kill me with your breath.” “Fuck you, M! Hahaha-” Tyler stopped laughing to gurgle another burp out. “It’s that shitty diner Bellack likes. They put too much butter on the eggs. And you’re just smelling your own breath! Haha.”“You asked for extra butter. Twice. You even grabbed the girl’s arm to tell her extra butter on the eggs.” The driver had some sense. Thank God, Bellack thought. If the driver was still alive in 7 hours Bellack might just buy him dinner at that diner. All as a favor. No business this time. Another burp. “Yeah but they put too much butter on. It wasn’t just extra, it was a whole gob of butter."
If it makes it any less gay, it's a period piece, not fantasy.Galloping broke the silence of the Forêt de Haye. The beats of hooves charging throughout were as dense and fast as the empty winter trees which the riders passed. Jean thought it an appropriate place to take flight, through the withered limbs and wilted trunks that had lived through the worst of the frosts. Appropriate, as they seemed mutually forlorn; neither quite dead yet, but as close as they've came to it, with the barest chance of seeing spring. He rode in close quarters with his Prince, staring at the back of his head as he rode without hesitation. Jean sensed how tense he was, almost unmoving but for the motion of his mount, ducked down low as if trying to keep out of sight, with a profile similar to the caparisoned dogs sprinting adjacent; his tail between his legs, embarrassed. The Prince held his sword in an ungauntleted right fist, but it would do little good now. There was no chance this flight would go unnoticed by their foes. Still, there was reassurance in their quietness. While still the only noise came from their train, it was somewhat muffled underfoot by the snow-laden path, after it had fallen through the sparse canopy overhead. Flanked by the remaining honor guard, their closeness felt stifling to Jean. He was just an ensign, carrying the few remaining banners, looking out meekly under his half-up visor, aware of how his responsibility for his own life was superseded by that of these cloths which flicked against his horse's neck. Riding in the centre, he darted his eyes to either side, noting that both flanking riders also stared at their Prince silently, respectfully. Though both of their faces calmly belied what they must be feeling, their horses made up for it. Frothing at the mouth, their expressions crazed and eyes wild, as if their riders were more bridled than they were. Further back in the train however, the Prince's reception was less than humble. The hushed whispers of curiosity which came from its party lacked the solemnity of the vanguard. Jean could see from the corner of his eye, a herald to his right staring back sternly in an attempt to silence them. He felt congruous with the herald's sentiment, though not for the sake of attempting to stay hidden, but because it ruined the mood.
Hill thought he could trick a god, and so he prayed each night by his bedside. In this time he filled his mind with words he thought were words of prayer, of Father and Lord, in as many languages as he knew. Padré, Pére, hear me, please, mercy, merci. Any god would hear these words, when said god was scanning through the minds of the masses, and think Hill was a pious man. There are many pious men, and Hill would just chameleon among their ranks, falsely devout. If there was a god. If not, Hill had just practiced mindful thought for some minutes before bed. Honestly, he saw no detriment to his prayers, and said them, thought them, perhaps more earnestly than any other.In this time, the mind behind his mind would wander, his upper mind transfixed, but his lower freed. Great God upper would think, and lower would explore some other path. If Hill himself didn’t know of his lower mind, then god couldn’t either — and so he found solace and gave his subconscious full freedom.Every so often, more so on nights with shooting stars or a crescent moon like a blade, Hill’s lower mind would follow the same path as his upper mind. His upper mind would say, Great and Almighty, then, I am true to your word, and his lower mind would fill the gaps between, such as with, Please accept that I am —. Great and Almighty please accept that I am true to your word, and accept, please God, that I have changed, that I am changed. Times like these, Hill could stay up for hours as if in a trance. The night would carry on without him, and he would transcend. His lower mind would throw him though, stutter, and the upper would finish the prayer, and the lower would start considering all the things Hill needed to do before going to bed: put jacket on door handle, teeth, readjust his bedsheets.A knock on the door each morning was the modern rooster. Donna intended the knock to be the wake-up call, but Hill was always awake beforehand — brushed hair, clean breathe, eaten — as to not be caught unaware.‘Nice sleep last night,’ she clicked her the tip of her sneakers on the floor mat, it’s muffled, ‘nice awake to-day,’ she laughs, she bares her teeth like a hyena.‘How are you so peppy every morning. I can’t even,’ Hill emphasises à la Donna, ‘comprehend.’ ‘The day’s only what you make of it.’Years ago, Hill would have done this: He would have closed the door on her, maybe even politely — though not in a way to suggest compassion — waved her off first. At this time in his life his lower mind was devout in it’s love of a god, and his upper mind professed that this god was himself. And at night when the town was asleep, he’d have crept into her house and stabbed her. Hill revelled in his shows of faith, and thought of them as service to himself. He alone was full of grace, and murder, no reason to not put it bluntly, murder was his means of conversion. All the dead were his matyrs.
All of you could add some critiques too
Men prose. Interesting subject matter though
Maybe we're going to, asshat. But when whiny faggerts come on like durwp r u gona review tho it makes me want to just set myself on fire. I dunno why I'm so annoyed with you trying to tell me what to do; like dude I was gonna, get off my leaf. but now my leaf is all wet because some faggert came and shit on it. Anyway I'm just gonna say you're a nerd bird and leave it at that.
asshatdurwprugonathodunnodon't do this
Thanks, man. I just got to writing about a girl I like and thought it'd be interesting if I wrote about the guy as if he was so unable to function around her,. I've written more since then and I've kinda let myself flow freely a bit as each passage seems to delve into metaphors about war, childhood games, and this metaphor of jazz music/organised business just to explain how well-read and articulated her language is. I should probably write a detailed structured outline before i take it any further but I'm glad you like it, man. It must be doing something that makes it enjoyable, despite how self-indulgent it is haha

"The thought just jumped out of my head mid-sentence," and it did, that energized jackrabbit of a hippity-hoppity thought. "You're gonna be forced to make assumptions." He just assumed that class would be over with in about two hours and that once he got home there would be a lengthy margin of free time, of empty space till dusk, that would be filled with no more than soft sounding breath. Maybe he would actually go on that run that he's been postponing for longer than his memory could comfortably hold, handle, revisit like the alley behind his childhood home. But now, looking around at roughly 42 young, mainly white faces centered around one old, resting expressionless, distant and masked, he thought about his elevator pitch, in all its descent. Survival still? composed of a totally environmentally friendly plastic called–and here we're winging it, fabricating–polyurethanated ester, meant for starved 3rd world children, no, first aid kits? Yeah? Sure, incubating for fifteen minutes, enough time to be famous, that's enough for gestating a worldwide conceptual business venture even if its just for a class, right? No, let's keep it rhetorical. America: land of saccharine bombast and shameless exposition; I don't mind it here. I? Let's pretend we're one and/in the same. "Oh, I have a handout for you," she interrupts herself; revolves round the room; passes and says 'you're welcome' with a nearly imperceptible but genuine enough smile. The sound of fingers sliding down sheets of paper, rustling and rearranging drizzles down onto the room. "Your actual state could go down." But this is all he catches, tuning in momentarily, as he disregards the irrelevant, ungraded assignment the other students appear to pay attention to while he writes, listlessly, this slice of life the English language has yet to have seen. Novel, terribly original, please reckon me thee's thoughts, sheetless cots in log cabins settled somewhere outside of Medina, in Kentucky. John Wayne Gacy killed 33 children.
Dredge the ransacked sediment up from the sulfuric swamp bed, fling it like monkey turds. But wait before you do, and taste the damp dirt caked on your hands, savor it like your last birthday cake. Smell the manure, ignite the roses. Fling, chuck harder than a mango at Peru, faster than a Von Neumann brain or the exodus to lunch during middle school. Flee from your former thoughts and plummet into the moment. So he did, right as Dave was reaching the cathartic climax of his eulogy, in the retelling of apocrypha. With an unzipped ziplock bag resting on his lap, he packed the grime between his hands and knees and threw the first paddy at Dave's detestable face. The crowd turned and gasped, for the lack of a better word, flabbergasted, incapable of computing the gesture. He then threw the second, shouting: "fuck you, you cheating, lying piece of shit. I hope you rot in Hell!" Within seconds, two imposing security guards had him by the shoulders and were escorting him out of the funeral parlor and off the premises. The day was lukewarm, colorless and overcast. He looked back at the cemetery grounds, then got in his car and drove off without regard for his muddied steering wheel and reputation.
At precisely 6:44:00am, two things happened. The first beam from the top limb of the rising sun shone right into my eyes through a distant stand of dying juvenile elm trees. And the millet border around the eleven acre rectangle of flyover state clods littered with fresh-dead sunflower stalks erupted with shotgun fire.By 8, I had my fifteen doves, and had learned that there is subtle difference between the faded ear ringing induced by a gross of shotguns going off on all sides, and the white noise hiss of thousands of bird shot pellets raining down on brush and puddles. I had taken pellets to the head, bounced off my hat, my arms, bounced off my Carhartt, and legs, bounced off my camo. The ones that hit my hands really smarted. But they didn't break the skin.The dog fell asleep in the back seat on Route 44 around 9:30. The welts were all gone by the four-way south of town. All I could think of was: Does that count as being shot?
I like it. I am not one to comment on grammar or structure as I am pretty new, but this definitely drew me on. Gave me a new immediate feeling of who the protagonist was as a person.
*an immediateI'm on my phone
this threadnone of you will ever be successful writers
 implying I'm not already publishedBut that's cool, nothing's more productive than shitposting online.
Tide brought an empty ship, gifted from sea to land. The ship had sailed sail-less through waters calm unbroken between Plymouth, England 1885 to Cape Cod, Massachusetts 1902. They explained the oar-less-ness of the voyage with intercontinental currents and the sailor-less-ness with mass suicide - which was by all accounts save that of the sailors completely accurate.But people will talk, won't they?
publishedamazon isn't a publisher anon
first sentence is shit. if you want to write verisimilitude that people care build a time machine, go to exactly 6:30:72 AM Sunday 15/12/1895 and publish a book cause it hasnt been relevent since then.the rest is pretty good."By 8, I had my fifteen doves, and had learned that there is subtle difference between the faded ear ringing induced by a gross of shotguns going off on all sides, and the white noise hiss of thousands of bird shot pellets raining down on brush and puddles" is great
How about Penguin Random House, my friend.I get my connections on LinkedIn hooked up.
Always open to reviews 
I was sincere: I do not know exactly what is love, but although I do not know him, I must say that it seems a primordial error of our philosophers to recognize only the soul as its mother; only the spirit as his father, denying to the body and any slice and piece of his paternity, as if he was at best a distant uncle, shy and sterile. It’s our body just a mountain range of muscles, with occasional showers of sweat, with a loud echo cave called stomach, swamps of tubular fungi called intestines and burning boilers in the private parts below? Is the brain a simple spongy cloud of tempests, the skin a blanket of grass, the heart a nucleus of bubbling lava? Is our body a mere mountain of meat in which lies hidden the immaculate and bright jewel of the soul? After all, what is the soul? Does she have smell? No. Does she have taste? No. Maybe she has texture? Why, in the same way that the fog has texture. What about the voice: is thought the voice of the soul? Is she a kind of small crystal gnat trapped in the colossus of mud and dust of our gross human body, within which it lies, whispering its will? Unlikely. So, gentlemen, why this ghost, this specter, gets all the credit for all that is beautiful in us humans, whereas our bodies, that are always with us yes , our bodies abandon us only once are called servants of addiction, unclean dolls, meat cooked in dirt, pigs smeared with sin? Must the glory of nature be called a marionette of muddy rags, an incarnated sewage? That would be an injustice: if we celebrate the cold mosque of the soul, why not also celebrate the carnival of bodily heat? When something is good for us, and we wish this something to be seen with the paints of superiority, we say we love it, but never use the name of pleasure, being this name something crude, something bodily, something dirty. And yet, it’s not love the child of pleasure? When, still newborns, we suck the motherly breast, do we not do so because it’s good, because it’s pleasurable? And, on the deathbed, when we cover our dying bodies - that feel cold - with blankets, do we not so because warmth is good and pleasurable? Why we live with the people we love? Why, because it’s good. Pleasure, gentlemen, is the one who pulls us through our nose with his sugary finger through the road of life. But how do we feel that something is pleasurable? Well, thorough this walking radar: our body. Sensitive as the viscous antennas of the snail is our skin. How then can we know that we really love something? Why, by reading the language of our bodies. So, gentlemen, long life to our bodies, because we can only love while still having them.
Easy there, Spinoza. But I like it a lot. It has a somewhat alchemic feel, like an excerpt of a conference of eudemonologists and natural philosophers in a well-furnished cellar. Would read more. A lot more, if framed appropriately.My stuff:-Plague songs starting early today.She doesn’t answer. A low distant wailing filters through the darkened glass panes of the window, rising and dipping with the broken voices of the singers. He stares at the small black circle that is the sun gradually sinking into the skyline.-Why do you think they do that.-I guess it’s the pain.She without raising her eyes from the floor.-Why only at night then.She shrugging now.-Why should there be a reason besides chance.He looks at her for moment, a dark shape hunched on the carpet in front of a turned off television. Darker than the blocked out sun, he thinks. The buildings outside in the blossoming night are corpselike and illuminated. Beyond them he remembers slums and barren highways, or their suggestion carried by the wind.She moves clumsily in the dim unlight of the room.-Are you coming to bed now?- They may need me at the hospital later. We heard of an outbreak a couple of days ago.He looks at her reflection in the window, barely visible and pierced by inward lights. Keeps talking.-Ought to be hitting our zone now.-Maybe you can come to bed just for a bit.Humanity and warmth in these words, unsaid, hovering at the edge of understanding. He shifts on the chair, a few inches.-I’d wake you.-You’ll do when you came back.The bedroom door clicks closed. There are no stars in the sky. Some of the higher condo lights look the part.
“You’re…from the bike” Doc managed, feeling a little sense return, both literally and figuratively. He nodded as a sign of gratitude, though he still did not know what he was gracious of, or what he was to do. Gira spotted Small leaving the room, and upon leaving noticed he was speaking to himself: “One more unto the breach…” as close as he could make out.“Are you ok to move?” Mel was down on one knee looking up at the man still cradling his head as he sat edging the sofa. “This room’s not heated is all, once it gets dark out it’s best we get you into one of the dorms or something. We can save the guided tour for tomorrow once you’re feeling a little more up to it. I’m sure you can guess sort of what this place is like though right?” She was supposing he’d at least heard of them in his line of work…and supposing his line of work was something which took him to the investigatory extremes within information culture.Gira nodded plaintively. Psychological anguish had surpassed any symptoms of physicality, but he knew there would be some good news around the corner, he couldn’t possibly be so far removed from the karmic forces of the universe that he were to suffer further. The doc tried to stand atop two disintegrating masts of unresponsive flesh, he was caught by Mel.“Easy.” This guy’s hopeless. “I can try and get you through the breach and into the dorms, but you’re going to have to help me a little Gira.” Every footfall was a dire effort, Doc’s legs weren’t exactly helping her along, and she was succumbing to a similar mental breakdown after today’s events.“Hey Mel!” She heard Jenkins shout as she hobbled into the room, Doc limping uselessly along suspended by her frame. “I didn’t know you got a cock under there. News here says two men fled the police station on that bike-a yours.” He laughed to himself and spun on his chair, the many shadows cast from a great mess of interweaved monitors sporting wildly different displays rotating seamlessly into one another as if entombed in an interminable waltz.“I’ve never been obliged to take it out where you could see it o’course. Though I’d be happy enough to get it out for you if you’re on your knees.” She shot him a mocking smile and flipped him off with her free hand. In response Jenkins brought his hand to his chest and gasped in mock offense at the lewd comment and gesture.“Girl you don’t need to be fresh with me, you know if the opportunity presented itself I’d get on my knees for you any day.” He winked and spun back to the monitors to continue working. He was playing solitaire.
-So you say you saw some sort of demon? -I believe I did, Doc. -Describe what you felt when you saw this demon. -Doc, do you ever get that feeling? When you know, you break something, someone you know dies, or someone finds out you've been lying to them all those years, and in an instant this feeling washes over you like a tsunami of pure emptiness and desolation. The weight you were carrying on your back gets a little more heavier, a few muscles in your upper body begin to sort of twitch or contract, you perspire heavily, there's dark wet spots right where your armpits are, your eyes start to feel like glass and when you close them the feeling fails to go away, your face gets flushed with the shade of red only found in the most ripe of tomatoes, you begin to ask yourself if the room got hot or is it just you and you run to the air conditioner to check and the air conditioners just fine running like it normally does and then the thunder and lightning goes on outside as if God were hosting a drum circle then the room is no longer stationary and it starts spinning and spinning and spinning until you just can’t take it anymore and run out of the house and you put your knees down on the wet concrete the rain beating down relentlessly on your body cooling you down and you let out a scream for someone, please someone wake me up from the horrible nightmare i have slipped into oh please God forgive me for i have sinned and you decide to lie down on the cold wet ground shed a few tears then go back inside take a shower and lie on your bed until the storm comes to pass. Do you ever get that feeling? -And what do you call that feeling? -Fear.
Sam soaped his body over twice before stepping under the showerhead to wash white skin. Through a broken window, pigeons could be seen wandering across tarred shingles pecking at pebbled bits of asbestos. His legs, his feet, his hair, and of course, the space behind his ears, went always unwashed. Between steam and lost water, he thought, my body cannot help but be cleaned.  Neighbors were gathered in the street, rapt with discussion, gravitating towards each other to form proportionate groups of speculation. This chance encounter of collectivity, this flash of excitement, this public sense of emergency produced a festive environment. They all became anglers of speculation. Brave men and women sacrificed their distance, stepping forward onto dead grass, focusing all their attention on the sonic eruptions bursting from the Ellman house to gain understanding, to be the one who heard and knows now, to play as taletellers privy to others thoughts lost in circumstances of shock. Even yards from the front door, however, few words could be comprehended. The enthralling moment of commonality, us and them, the ecstatic struggle to turn trauma to tragedy, “we are all so awfully concerned you know,” and we must give each other something if nothing true can be found. “I heard Lisa banging on a door in there…. ooh Sam might have locked himself in the computer room…. well I heard the shower running, but I’m sure he can hear her… she’ll break down the door at this rate I heard that banging from around the block…. its just horrible what happened to Evie… can’t imagine what they must be going through… god knows how Lisa must feel with Tom’s behavior… you can be sure he hasn’t changed … and I thought Sam had been doing well since he came home… its all so tragic.” The street was humming with activity, acute consciousness, luminescent, visible from space, these creatures who divide themselves between cretin, king, and simple silent savage love to suffer, loving each other, suffering, lovely energy. Shallow piles of glass were scattered on shingles near the window on the roof, where dark spots of moisture could be traced to thin hues of blood; they collected themselves on residual shards of safety glass, made misty by the thundering showerhead inside.
DocThat's a little personal, isn't it? Unless the character is a blue-collar dumbfuck which, looking at the syntax, I can tell it's not I'd drop that.
I posted this under the assumption that Doc referred to an actual Doctor. Disregard if that's incorrect.
Easy there, Spinoza.Thank you for your kind words :But don’t worry: I don’t actually have that view of life. This is from a scene where several characters are making speeches about love, and this character is one of the earthiest and more crude of them all although he is also learned, since he worked in a library for some time and read quite a lot.As for my own personal views of love and pleasure, I don’t have them. I guess that I generally go with the things that science tells us about neurochemistry and all of that, but I don’t have any significant view of life I don’t think I am smart enough to actually have firm and immutable believes. I liked your piece: very natural and with a nice flow. I liked the sudden and unexpected descriptions like the buildings as corpses. The simple line: “Maybe you can come to bed just for a bit.” Is the first thing that grabbed my attention. Very humane, very life-like.What’s your story about?
in the story, the Doc hes referring to is a psychoanalyst brought in to see if hes alright in the head. its an out of context part, and i mainly posted it because of the description of fear
Ah, my words were deserved. I may have been a tad too purple in my praise, but I'll chalk that up to my reading Dracula and Spinoza recently even though, again, it reminded me of something an unothodox academic such as Van Helsing would say. I take it's a piece from a book? Because if that's representative of its quality, I'd really love to read it one day or the other - that is to say, for you to get published.My piece is just some improvised flash fiction I wrote to quickly sketch a relationship on the backdrop of some unspecified, dark future megalopolis. A gut reaction to the fact that apparently no one wants to write science fiction dealing with something other than action and explosions and aliens. I should expand on the idea probably, but I don't know how.
I take it's a piece from a book?Yeah, this excerpt comes from a play that I wrote a comedy in 5 acts, in blank verse, rhymed verse and prose: some sort of pseudo-imitation of Shakespeare. It was published in 2014, but till now I only know that one or two friends and relatives have read parts of the thing.The problem is that the original is in Portuguese, and the majority of /lit/ users don’t know the language not that I am blaming them: Portuguese is still very marginal in the world, but if we got lucky it might become more important in years to come.
It was published in 2014tell us the name
So you're working on an english translation? Cos I'll admit, I'm itching to read it.Even though I'm Italian and I could probably blunder my way through the original.
France is a cool name, jealous
Well, I was always afraid of naming it here, but since I have already given the name of the book to some Brazilian anons my anonymity is already compromised.The name of the book is “Um Hino ao Vazio”, in English it would be “An Hymn to Emptiness”.But don’t you guys build expectations about it: it is not a big deal. So far I haven’t got any criticism or appreciation: it is like if the work did not even exist and to be frank, my talent is very limited. I am afraid that you would probably be disappointed.Here is the thing:
From what I can brute-force out of the blurb, it really sounds incredibly good. All the praise may start to sound inauthentic but no, I'm serious. Looks like you may be one of the people on /lit/ with actual talent.If you do manage to publish it in English - or finish the translation, really, do let us know. I'd buy a copy immediatly.And yes, maybe we're over-hyping it, but I'd be willing, as I said, to buy it and check it out.
Any chance of getting a critique on this?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
Started today"Hearken, Son of Sun, from fiery loins of emperors and kings. Closer, I habban no mouth with which to shouten; ewoer heart hearens me. Ye habban no guard or guide, but me.""What ancient accent." The young prince in a coral red cape stepped to a glass cabinet. Within it a crescent moon knife forged from two crossed steel crescents, its handle encrusted with diamonds. "I have guards, but hide from them. They hover around me tight and block out air.""Ye habben changed like this kingdom holding me hostage. It spoke a glorious guttural growl but is now Glorious Korno only in name. Still I prayed a ruler of Umen Empire would still speak as old.""Umen’s not been an empire in many years and generations.""I know, having bore witness to its fall. Ransacked and pillaged, its treasures boxed in chests and brought here where I languish polished on display for enemies to stare at.""You're from Umen? Being here all these years, you must know Umen and Glorious Korno have formed allegiance, you've no enemies.""Lies. Have you been stolen, too? Has Umen been destroyed and its king archived away with me?""You demented rusted weapon, stop calling me a king. I am Prince Nushi of Umen.” The prince in red bowed. “Umen yet flourishes. Our court philosophers believe there’s never been such unity in all its land. Our economists believe we've never been wealthier. Oracles sing of seven thousand years of peace under my family's reign.""You will reign? As future king, never believe inane blithering of oracles, from whom philosophers and economists bear little distinction. You need me, forged to serve emperors and kings of Umen; I am thine. Taken me to reunite with my twin.”"Your twin?""Crescent moon blades are forged in pairs. Each with seven edges and brilliant handle, blade which doubles as a shield, but I am worthless without my twin.""Where is it?" The prince gazed into nearby displays."Umen, she was taken from me, hidden away where no mortal could plunder. There she will be, there we must go. You will take me, and our powers united will rival any foe of any world. For when she shields you, I will stab. When I drag spears from your foe’s grip, she will slash. When wielded alone, we are awkward talons. When wielded together, by hand of a king, you will dance around any fighter in all our world. Poets shall sing of your finesse in close combat.""I couldn't leave this place with you. There are too many guards. Too many unfamiliar halls.""I have a witchcraft that will make you a flicker of light on wind. Though I lay on damask over steel, speak my name. Within its incantation hides a powerful bond that will shatter any metal or stone to unite us. No man alive has heard or spoken it, but now I have a King’s ear as I was forged to guide them alone.""Speak it, then, and we’ll leave Glorious Korno. I’ll take your handle and appreciate it. Take you to Umen and wield you to and through my reign when it comes. Speak your name.""Reza!"
Butchers, bakers, candlestick assembly line workers, all selling their life for an hourly fee. That's society. So in a way we're all prostitutes, and that's true whether you work as an IT consultant or a bus driver, or in my case literally a prostitute.It's surprising or exotic or terrible for some people, but it's the same as most jobs really. Like any other this one has its ups and downs, and again, in this line of work many of them are literal. But the main thing that makes it a job is that I feel about my job like how you feel about yours. It's a pretty simple concept, but people struggle. I always explain to people who know about my job, that the sex is boring but the free time is great, and mainly the job is tolerable just like any other stupid job. Of course I always pretend to clients that the job is amazing to get them to finish up. What can I say? The sex is boring, the free time is great. I'm lying in bed, even when I'm on top. Not that you need to be too convincing. All these men want to believe me, they all want to be fooled. Now over the years that means a few will fall in love with you. It's sad, it is. But also kinda funny. I've forgotten most things about them before they've left, and they're telling of their love for someone who's name isn't really mine, who's character isn't really mine. It's always surreal when someone does it. Especially with this guy doing it right now. But today it isn't funny, because this one's got a gun.
The bourgeoisie aren't prostitutes. They're pimps and johns.
you're actually so stupid and have no idea what actually happens to people being prostituted. over 50% of the people reading this are going to think you're an idiot who has no idea about anything so you should probably scrap the whole idea.99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly in that they were initially or are still physically forced into it or are there because if they aren't, they're facing death. so, these girls and women aren't "having boring sex", they're being raped you can't buy consent, so there is no consent; therefore, it's rape. honestly most "sex" is coercive anyway so...extrapolate from there. tbh men just shouldn't write female characters because they always do it wrong.
I felt a cool chilly wind on my skin and goosebumps rose on my arms. It would probably be the last time that I would see her, since I'd be leaving for a long vacation. As I walked towards her house, I reminisced about the fun times we had together. I'd known her for all my life and had some fun times with her.I entered the small, yet cozy house, looking if someone else was there. Good, no-one else but Alice was present. I asked her "Hey Alice, how are you today?" while I went into the kitchen. "Today's a nice day ain't it Alice? I'm glad I can spend it with you. You know, I'll be leaving tomorrow. Going to California." I lit up the stove and began chopping some fresh onions I had bought for the occasion. I love onions. They always give some extra flavor. "I'm sorry that you can't come with me though, I hope you understand". Cutting the meat was actually harder than I had thought. It smelled quite bad and I had to go relieve myself. "Sorry for that Alice, this is my first time doing this". It was indeed the first time I'd ever tasted this kind of meat. It wasn't particularly good, or pleasurable, but eating it in front of Alice made me feel good. She was always looking at me with those dark-brown, dead-looking eyes. I really liked that about her, it made me feel aroused. After I'd finished, I kissed Alice's face good-bye and left her on the table. "bye honey, see you soon. Do you mind if I borrow your car? I came on foot", I asked her while taking the keys from the drawer. I closed the door quietly as I left the house. I stepped into the car and drove off, leaving my precious girl behind.
99% of the girls and women being prostituted aren't there willingly in that they were initially or are still physically forced into it or are there because if they aren't, they're facing death.Nope
From a story I'm working on, about miscommunication in the 21st century. The main character is a neckbeard who falls in love with a legbeard:I’m truly in disbelief. I didn’t know that there existed creatures as utterly lacking in self-awareness as Janet appears to be. I was browsing Facebook when suddenly I saw her post that she had written an article for whatever bullshit feminist organization she’s interning for. In a moment of weak incontinence, I couldn’t resist the urge to congratulate her. I believe there was a half-way sincere thing in the impulse, but either way, it got us talking for about an hour. We had a nice, meandering conversation. Very witty, like it always was. Then, I make the cardinal error of deciding to end the conversation with a particularly lame joke. And Janet, in her infinite resentment, responds – not as a normal, well-adjusted person, sensible toward some elementary notion of tact or decorum would, with a “oh my god, that joke is so lame…ok, I’ll ttyl!” - but with an expression of the highest order of petulance: “I HATE THAT”. Those three words had the power to throw me into such a paroxysm of rage that I have hardly known. There was no hint of irony to detect in her expression, and I didn’t know what inference to draw other than the embarrassingly grim conclusion that she is indeed expressing sincere ill-feeling towards a benign joke that I had made – and here’s the best part – that she thought that would be an optimal way to end a conversation in this free republic, in these fifty United States of America! I am in utter disbelief that a 21st century person beyond the age of twelve is even capable of such truculence. I am positively smoldering here as I can see she is active on Facebook, and makes no effort whatsoever to make herself understood, let alone apologize. I am halfway-set in my mind of demanding an apology this instant, but I don’t want to sour our relationship even further.If this is what she is like to mere acquaintances, can you imagine what a horror she must be to date! Oh God, thank you Janet, thank you, my sincerest, eternal gratitude to you, thank you for being such an insufferable bitch – and so unconsciously, so autonomously, as to leave no doubt in the mind as to your nature. You do it so effortlessly, it really is an admirable thing. You are so wanton with your red flags, you are a veritable referee in the most uncivilized game of football ever played. How smugly you display your complete lack of politeness, with what majesty you swell your homely figure! With what complete candor you admit to the most unfeminine faults imaginable – and to think that despite these things, I find you attractive - God! Utterly repulsive, a Giantess – a slattern – and a proud one! You truly must be on the spectrum!
lol you can't just say "nope" to something that is actually fact. as in, there's evidence for it and is rooted in reality. there are some prostituted women who "choose it for themselves" which is its own issue but i'm not going to get into it, but those women are few and far between.
assuming she wanted to talk to you in the first placeassuming she wants to date anyonethink femininity is a positive thing for womenand if this isn't based on an experience that you had then this is so far gone and depressing and pointless that i feel almost sad for you. :
that's kind of the point, it's about a neckbeard so he complains about the girl's lack of awareness but he has the same problem
but it sounds exactly like real life things that men say so it's not really satire or interesting
It's actually fact that 99% of women who leverage their sexual desirability are being forced to do it?Maybe that's why models always have such blank expressions.From the, you know, terror.
lol you mad
comparing modeling not pornography to prostitution is pretty far off. i have my issues with the fashion industry too, but it's not even on the same level as sex trafficking. a lot of girls and women aren't even paid or are paid very little when they're forced to have sex with men. it IS forcible given that there's a real risk of being killed by a variety of different men who are in control of the situation. the large majority in the high 90's percentage-wise of prostituted women have been sex trafficked into the industry. plus, sexual desirability is such a small part of why men want to pay money to rape women.
plus it's been shown that around 70% of women who have been prostituted meet the criteria for a ptsd diagnosis, while the average for war veterans is 15%. so obviously there's great terror involved.
oh
He was unlike any other actor in The Valley. Most Johns took pride in their size, endurance, body count, the amount they could cum in one shot and how many times they could do it. Their jawline, abs, the new Porsche they drove to the set. This isn’t to say he didn’t take pride in these things, of course he did. He had all and tenfold - but what set him apart was his ethic. The devotion and love he had for the business bled through each reel of the dirty life and times which comprised his films - and they were his films. Producers, financiers, directors, lead actresses no matter their stature took wayside to Don Johnson and all of his thirteen-inch grandeur.
you said nay twice in that sentence. kill yourself
Reminds me of Clockwork Orange. I like it.
I walk towards the line and lean up against the counter. I almost forget to speak, but she’s looking right at me so I’m going to have to. “Hi.” “Hi.” The conversation has not started as well as I had planned. I had assumed that maybe if I said “hi,” she would say “hi” back and start telling me about her day. The stupidity of my plan seeps into the back of my neck and I feel sick. To her I am just some guy in a sweater who said “hi.” I don’t even have a coffee. I realize she may be able to figure out that I didn’t even come here to order a coffee. I just came in to say “hi” to her. I am still leaning against the counter. “Hi.” Fuck. I said “hi” again. We both already said “hi,” I didn’t need to do that. I immediately start talking again to leave her no time to think about the fact that I have repeated myself. Unfortunately, I had nothing lined up in my mind to talk about. It’s too late now, I’m talking.
Occasionally I add to a sort of masturbation journal I was going to write as a novel as a joke. This is half of a long ass paragraph from this February:I have just realized that it is only after using my own imagination that I find myself exhausted, quite literally drained. With porn, I can start and finish in a matter of moments my record is 20 seconds after erecting, not really needing to catch my breath. I cum, put away my sock, pull up my pants, and carry on with my night. With imagination, I must take a few minutes to catch myself, a pause to regain my bearings. I think it is because of the sheer amount of effort required for me to use my own thoughts in this act – as I have said before, I very rarely get erections out in public, though I do sometimes encounter images that vaguely excite something within me. Take for example an event that happened today at university, when a girl sitting beside me kept moving her smooth, tanned leg in my peripherals, bouncing it up and down, kicking it forward, to the point that I often thought it was intentional I swear I could see her head turn in my direction with some frequency; I sit next to a wall on the opposite side of the classroom from the lecturing professor, and the clock is on the wall behind us, so there is nothing else she could be looking at. This has happened every day in this class but it was only just now that I decided to "use" this image. As I drew nearer to the time I intended for my act, I grew increasingly more excited, but not physically. To actually masturbate, I had to essentially jiggle my penis with my hand to force blood flow an act required often for porn use as well. Furthermore, I believe I had my eyes shut almost the entire time, and I know I was breathing heavily though I am pretty sure it was partially intentional in order to force myself into a further excitement. Unfortunately, thoughts of this girl's tan legs were not quite enough. Luckily I foresaw this, and made sure to check out how plump her thighs were, as well as the shape of her ass in her bright orange shorts her thighs were pretty great for my primal urges, but her ass left much to be desired for; I had to alter details a bit in my mind. I have seen her face and upper body before, but my mind is not good with faces and she hasn't worn any particularly revealing tops, so I had to improvise here as well. I was able to easily remember she had dirty blonde hair and wore glasses, as I had recently discovered that I had an until now unknown preference to blonde white girls with glasses and blonde Asian girls with glasses, and blonde Hispanic girls and black girls, though the latter two do not always require glasses, so that detail stuck with me from weeks ago. Thinking of anything above her waist did not lead to any progress, so I had to go for a rather drastic change and mentally add white stockings to her legs, the stark white fabric forming brilliant contrast with her brown legs.
How many words do you know, /lit/?your results.I am curious to know how many words /lit/izens would know. I made this thread on some other boards on 4chan and they weren't quite impressive.
I can't be bothered to tick all the boxes or even read the words so just assume I know 100%
sure analphabet
31700
25,400, non-native.
by the way we had this exact thread a couple week ago I think.

tbh not that impressive for a board that reads booksthanks
I know the word piracy.
Some people are too poor to afford cinema.Check your privileges middle-class scum
 read all the time  19,700 Below average:
38,000 non-native. Lots of latin root words in there I guess
I scored 34400. I guess that's pretty good.
Feel like lots I don't knowLatin roots trip me31,00080th percentileHow dumb is the average person
Tbh I got 30,000 and I lied on some of them
26k oh well learned a thousand words a year since I was born I guess
23,300 words native so average. Skimmed through it so I think I would have gotten a little bit more if I paid attention.
34900/lit/ really is retarded holy shit.
checked every word to find out what the max is - 45k
check every box, assuming you know all of themsay you have a masters degree, got perfect SAT score40k words known based on this completely fool proof accurate test, yeah you're literally retarded holy shit.
What were the general scores of other boards?
slav20,300
This test really needs to put a bunch of made up gibberish words in there among the real ones if it wants to be more accurate, people who check those should get big deductions. Right now people might check things thinking they basically know what it means..probably and really have no idea.
I tried to be honest, it says I know 28,100 words.
Did this the last time we had the thread, got 32000-33000.Only selected words I was sure I knew and looked several up, only checked if I was right.
non-native speakersonly knew the really fancy ones because they're loanwords
35,200Not bad, I figure
Got 8,990 and yes, I am non-native speaker. I try to read in English but I do have difficulties ;_; Should I just keep on going and learn more words as I read or is it just wasting time? I do get the basic idea of the books I read and if the book is something I really want to understand every single word about it, then I read it in my native language.
21100, non-native but have been fluent in English since age 15.
Keep it up! The best way to learn new words is to puzzle through and use contextI'm guessing you're Scandinavian of some sort, Dutch, or German
35440Non native, barely spent time abroad. As other anons said, words with latin roots really make things easier for us. Still, good result.
25k. Enough to read Hemingway I suppose.
Enough to read Hemingway I supposeMade me kek

12400American
'English vocabulary' testback third of the list were Romantic loan wordsThis should be a test on French and Italian vocabulary.
24,800 wordsFeels bad, man.
31500.I wrote down all the words I didn't know and many of them are not really in use today.Interestingly, caitiff means 'a contemptible or cowardly person' and it sounds like this may be from whence the FFVII character Cait Sith has received his sobriquet.
45,500 What's your secretI used to be a nerd and spent my evenings reading dictionaries for fun, I guess those years of ignoring social interaction finally payed out.
35300 UK
20,200, but here in America, I only need to know one word to get by.USA USA USA
Below average.Oh well.
know more words than the average fuckbigger chance of using those words when writing your bookbigger chance of the average fuck who's gonna be buying your book anyway not knowing what you're talking aboutmeanwhile 50 shades of gray XVII gets released while you're doing this test in 2020 telling yourself how superior you are to everyone they're just too stupid
I use mostly99% audiobooks, that is probably why my vocab has dropped.I also read lots of fantasy, so you know I will come across a bunch of obscure words.... I know what they sound like and their meanings, but never seen them.I'm sure 4 words I didn't tick I heard them before... but wasn't sure.
seems the selection of words has changed since i took iti looked at the rules they use to determine which words to include, and one of them is "No cognates or false-friends with Portuguese"how many brasileiros are taking this quiz
i wrote down all of the words i don't know, i'm going to memorize them and be ultra above average by next yearsmell you later losers
class="quote"27k words estimated21 year old maleNative english speakerAmericanThat apparently places me in the 70% percentile. I know a bit more than average I guess, which isn't very much to be completely honest...This, I actually checked to make sure that I knew the word. If I didn't know for sure then I looked it up. If it didn't match up with the general idea of what I thought it was, then I left it unchecked.I learned a lot of words from that. Would recommend.
max possible from test 45,00045,500Nice one m8

19 and 31k, which is 90th percentile. I attribute a lot of this to the fact I just got done studying for an AP lit test. It will be interesting to see if this drops at all over time.
That depends on whether you studied or crammed. If you took your time to learn the material, then it should stick with you for a while, at least most of it. If you just tried to memorize everything then it will be gone before you realize it.
8,660I have never had a proper English education.
34000 non-native
Hal is that youDid you get over your weed addiction
How is this possible if there are only 40,000 words in the English Language?
19,600feels badany tips to improve?
Maybe it also estimates non-english words :^
Whenever you see a word that you don't know, type it into google followed by the word define. Think about the definition for a minute and invent a couple sentences you could use it in that you feel like you could actually say in a real conversation.but I don't see words I don't know
Get on my level
I already google words but never thought of creating sentences with them.Thank you
/tv/kek
17,500no education beyond 12th gradehaven't read a book in a yearI need to straighten my life out, /lit/ :
You're an erudite guyFor you
I failed you /lit/...
for some reason i feel like this is inaccurate. i didn't tick words that i only knew the gist of but couldn't accurately define.
Non-native speaker keep it up.You will ALWAYS learn at least one new word while reading, I can understand almost every word except extremely uncommon ones now
What?I got 19,000, I'm not from America and just started reading basic stuff.
The test would be better if you had to choose the meaning, not just pretend you actually know them all.
I wonder if asking gender affected the score. All that did was remind me how much I love the word raiment.It's over a million variations of about 200,000 words. 47k words are obsolete, maybe that's what you're remembering.
‘Other minds’ may be the most extravagant metaphysical belief in all of philosophy. It amounts to a kind of polytheistic religion where every person-suggestive image contained in one’s visual field is the experiential shadow of a transcendent demi-god who exists in an ontologically independent realm where other subject experiences occur. But even if ontologically distinct minds do exist how could they ever interact with each other? This is the exact same problem as the interaction problem for dualism but instead of having 2 distinct substances there are billions instead. Unless there’s a God to “harmonize” the minds to operate in accordance with one another then any sort of communication is hopeless.Are we communicating? What does "we" even mean? Just my idea in my own mind that you are ontologically independent other to me?What are your thoughts on solipsism? Do you think it is escapable? What does escaping solipsism look like?
Solipsism is a prison of a notion. Neither totally provable nor totally disprovable, it's simply a dead end.
Why Solipsism is Bullshitasserted as an axiom that he could not doubt his own existence because to doubt implies a doubter. Everything else, the entire Universe itself, might exist only as a figment of my overheated dream-state imagination, a Matrix-like existence simulated for an audience of One, leaving him, like Pink Floyd's character in The Wall, wondering ``Is there anybody out there?''One possible answer is no.It is well known in philosophy that this belief is logically unassailable. How can you prove me wrong? First of all, you are a figment of my overactive imagination, a bit of beef gone bad, as Scrooge might say, so only I can prove me wrong13.12This solipsism is the worst of all possible Bullshit philosophy. It is the kind of thing that makes ordinary people think of philosophers as Jackasses according to the previous definition. It was the sort of thing that Johnson was once cheered for ``disproving'' not really, of course, but who cares in open debate by banging on a table where he should probably thumped his opponent's head, although that would only have proven that he was a masochist, not that he was wrong.There ought to be something wrong with it but it appears invulnerable even as it is absurd. What is really wrong with it?For one thing, it is not terribly easy to reconcile true solipsism with our experiences of the Universe, at least when those experiences include Pain or Pleasure. It might answer one question what is the nature of the universe by an axiomatic fiat consistent with your one real empirical observation - that you exist there is no doubt if you try to doubt it, but it is only an axiom when you assert that only you exist. An axiom that is very difficult to reconcile with a number of provisionally and conditionally observed facts without more axioms, this time about the diseased state of your own mind.Take me for example since I'm certain that I'm here and you might be figments of my imagination.If I am the only thing that exists, and the Universe is My Oyster served on a figmental half-shell, then why cannot I be surrounded by beautiful houris who do nothing but peel me half-naked grapes or peel me grapes, half-naked, better yet at a whim? Why do I have to plod along typing this instead of just wishing the lines onto the page? You see, Solipsism alone isn't a sufficient axiom. I need more. I need axioms to explain why I sometimes hurt, why my eyes are gradually failing as I age, why I age, why bad things happen to me. Sometimes very bad indeed.I also need axioms to explain why my perceptions of what is nearby are so limited, but my perceptions of what is going on thousands of miles away through the glass teat of a television tube are crystal clear, complex, different, and correspond perfectly to what I see when I visit Paris, the Parthenon, India. Why and how I manage to be some sort of split personality.
If all of this is a figment of ``my'' imagination, then I've successfully managed to split myself into at least two incredibly separate beings - the artist that is constantly making up the story that I find myself embedded in, and the audience the ``me'' that is typing this on what appears to be a laptop computer obviously created by my artistic half. The watcher within that watches the watcher watching, so to speak. Since I never perceive the artist directly, how do I know that it is ``me''?Indeed, consider the artist further. I run computer simulations of physical models as some of the research that I do in physics. In these simulations, I ``create'' a virtual world of microscopic entities. Each is labelled with coordinates that specify the ```state'' of my little mini-world. There are rules whereby they operate. Computer games played by my children are very similar, at a higher order. They hold a virtual terrain superimposed on their internal coordinates, and have many ``sprite''-based components and characters. Those characters, objects, devices all have independent programmed personalities, probabilistic behaviors, an underlying ``physics'' of their interaction with each other and their surroundings, and a ``plot'' that unfolds as the game proceeds. I am not my computer models, the computer games are not my kids.As they increase in complexity, to the point where a whole world is perfectly simulated with perfect consistency, the artist itself complexifies, its non-audience ``self'' splitting up among all the virtual selves it creates. If all of these you who are reading this, and your dogs and cats too are really part of the artist, and the artist is equated with the audience, then Solipsism is isomorphic to Pantheism. We are all God, split into all that is. Somehow a Western Solipsist driven to explain why he cannot bring a loved one back to life no matter how hard he tries ends up as an Eastern Hindu, accepting that Brahma split himself up to create the Universe one fragment of which is him, all of which is still Brahma and eternal., but now you are wise and see the game I am playing with you. Axioms are neither true nor false, they just are. Premises, that is. Logically there are many ways to convert one into another, adding an axiom here, altering an idea there, ultimately dividing by the zero that is their informational content and proving whatever you like in conjunction with an undefined null set. Axiom sets can be inconsistent. Axiom sets can be consistent or not, but they or the conclusions derived from them may not correspond to what we directly experience and hence require special axioms to resolve the conflicts, which are then overcomplex and ugly.
So we see that Solipsism isn't logically provable. Sure, it isn't disprovable either really but nothing is provable or disprovable so that is irrelevant. What is to me, and I hope to you are two things. First of all, when somebody starts the Solipsism Game with you where they assert that they are all that exists and dare you to disprove them whack them upside the head - not too hard now - and cry out ``Bullshit''13.13. Second of all, not disprovable or not, Solipsism is an ugly philosophy. We find people who live as if they were the center of all being ethically repugnant. We consider them to be narcissists, sociopaths, characterological people who want to be the center of all being and are hence incapable of love. We feel sorry for them, when we aren't being terribly angry at their immaturity all children are born solipsists and departing from the philosophy is one of the main signs of the advent of real human maturity.``Ugly?''Isn't this a treatise on logic, on knowledge?Yes, sort of. However, as you can plainly see, logic is flawed and finite. It can never provide knowledge on anything but a provisional basis. It only answers loaded, artificial questions. So we need to find a practical basis for choosing axioms, especially axioms that we eventually add onto the Obvious axioms that nobody sane doesn't really secretly believe13.14.Solipsism does have one very important virtue. Since it basically takes Descartes' argument and stops right after observing ``I am'' and before the point where Descartes gets into trouble drawing conclusions from that empirical fact and for better or worse is completely different from there on, since it is impossible to disprove solipsism rationally, it serves as a lovely tool for helping folks to see that all the other, more sensible-seeming philosophies, are also Bullshit as they can't even logically refute a solipsist.
First of all, when somebody starts the Solipsism Game with you where they assert that they are all that exists and dare you to disprove them whack them upside the head - not too hard now - and cry out ``Bullshit''13.13. Second of all, not disprovable or not, Solipsism is an ugly philosophy.Yes typical reply withmuuuhhh feelingthe guy days that experiences matter not, then he says that experience matters, especially if I am whackedthe second line is a just his whining.the rest is whining about lack of knowledge, but the guy does not even say why he wants knowledgeGood philosophy begins with an account of solispsim, where it takes it seriously, to espouse it or refute. But at least not this garbage.
the majority of the buddhist schools reject buddhism, perhaps, the first budhda himself, especially if the compassion is detrimental in buddahood, it would not make sense to be much compassionate towards the humans, in solipsism, even though I must have a wrong idea of compassion in buddhism.Currently, we ask whether we can kill the animals, or at least those who cannot feel much, which is a form of solipsism, the one which eases our lives. Oddly, the guy does not speak about this.
the majority of the buddhist schools reject buddhismwat
reject solipsism of course :
Solipsism is false. Proofs? Everybody knows it.
 Solipsism Game with you where they assert that they are all that exists and dare you to disprove them whack them upside the head - not too hard now - and cry out ``Bullshit''*Kicks rock* - "I refute it thus!"And then you get laughed out of the debate for being a idiotic retard.solipsism is an ugly philosophyand things that you think are ugly are therefore not true. I agree, this is why I don't believe in the holocaust. It's horrible to think that happened, so I just don't.
1000 years agoearth is at the center of the universe.proof?Everybody knows it, of course.
Sorry, you don't exist.
solipsism is alright as long as you understand that you have no self, that you are vacuity, just like all others
In terms of literature:Which Celtic language is more interesting?.
I like reading song lyrics in Breton. It's interesting to see the blend of old English and French. Too bad it's probably the most endangered.
Welsh, specifically its great national poems: - "Mae'n bryd i drais rhywiol y defaid," by Robert Owen- "Pam fod anws dafad hwn gwaedu? Mae hyn yn fy defaid, nid eich un chi," Henry Morgan- "Byddaf yn masnach chi dwy ddafad a ddefnyddir yn ysgafn ar gyfer y defaid crai," George Everest- "Gan Dduw, yr wyf wrth fy modd yn rhoi fy pidyn mewn defaid," traditionalThough Irish poetry is a close contender Tá Éire Dia Boring diabhalA ligean ar Faigh óltaAgus a fháil ar iasacht roinnt CaoirighÓn Breatnais
Been wanting to learn irish since 15, even more now that I'm reading le Memeirester Joyce.What's the easiest way to do it without having to go to Ireland?
poor things dying, only going to get more difficult in the futureI was hoping to move into the gaeltacht sometime but apparently the language shant even persist there for two decades moreIts a shame, makes me very sad
dat songdat Norwenn Leroydem childhood memoriesI still remember having to sing "In the Valley of Dana" with my class in like 6th grade.
Welsh epigrams are especially good.I own a Gaelic copy of the Immrama, which made such a big splash in the Medieval world that they were obliged to make several more of them. They are very surreal travelogues.Although I'm not familiar with the metre used within them.
Dear Celticists, I beg you, please, furnish me with bibliographical recommendationsIf you can point me to any parallel texts, especially for epigrams, I would be eternally grateful.
As to Interlinear or Parallel Texts, I don't know, but Kenneth Hurlstone Jackson had a number of translations to his name which are now undoubtedly out of print.
This is a funny story, somewhat like Inception I guess.'the Air Ship'... before many people could envision a plane...
EnvocativeReflective
Tales after Dark
Mindscapes
A Screed against Empire
A man who owes a debt to his poet,And a poet presumably who lives generously.That's the last of them, and this is by no means the best collection out there. Certainly there are many that remain untranslated. Jackson may not even be a good translator for all I know.
not a blend of Old English though-- OE is germanic
Irish government went full retard with the language imo.
Tell me your thoughts.
obviously grammatical and allot of editing needed. But would love to hear some constructive criticism.
Daily reminder that Latin America created more worthwhile literature than Oceania, Africa and Asia together along the history.If you disagree you're an austie, a nigger or a weabo so shut up.
borges is a meme writer
Ay mijito!
Huehuehuehuehue brbrbrbr gib moni or i report u
black argie detectedArgentina is such a joke of a country-- they are legitimately the laughing stock of Latin America. Seriously. Your economy defaults on its own debt every dozen or so years. The Kirchners have carelessly exposed the overwhelming corruption that plague Argentina. The only thing you have is MESSI MESSI MESSI, but we all know that he will get caught for using performance enhancing drugs. Lastly, I would like to state that Borges is a hack and probably the worst meme on this board. He's not even Latin American cannon.
Latin america was colonized by europeans, whereas all those other places' people are natives.So of course they did. It is only natural.
Borges is the foundation of the Latin American canon.
Not all of Asia, sorry OP.
No that's Machado de Assis you fucking disgusting pleb
mfw he didn't even win the nobel prize in literature
Unfortunately.
you have to be circumcised for that
Gombrowicz was right when he uttered his last words when departing from Argentina back to France: "Kill Borges". Bolano recognized this.
Africa and Oceania yes but not Asia Chinks have some yrippy shit and japs wrote about being wanting to be white so that made them better than niggers who were mad that they aren't white
Better than Asia in literary fiction for sure. In terms of philosophy maybe not, but most of Eastern "philosophy" is onto-theology anyway. listening to what structuralist hack has to say
listening to what structuralist hack has to sayYou're literally retarded.
Quality posting. Both Ferdydurke and Trans-Atlantic contain structuralist themes. Many of his odd neologisms describe/parody sociological conditions from structuralist viewpoint. I read an article that later in life he was very critical of Frenchies, but neither I read anything of his late work nor he probably realized that he is using the same rhetoric like structuralists.
No, stop. You're genuinely stupid. Think before you post. I'm not even fully disagreeing with you, but you're just retarded in the way you present information. Learn to formulate your thoughts. Also, don't lecture me on Gombrowicz, I did my MA thesis on him. I can tell you don't know what you're talking about, but I am willing to listen to you if you stop being stupid.
Pinpoint one thing I said that was outright wrong in your opinion. Because after reading both novels these are exact lines which Gombrowicz's critique of Polish society goes along. Keywords he manufactured are nothing else, but a parody of cultural elements understood in relation to the overreaching post-feudal system that he despises. That's a clear structuralist theme to me used also by likes of Barthes. Moreover in the second post my thoughts are well formulated.If your gripe is my generalisation from the first post then that's fucking 4chan. Inflammatory generalisations are a daily bread here and mine wasn't even particularily invalid.
The very fact that you called him a structuralist instead of a proto-structuralist -- at most --discredited you. Read more. thoughts are well formulated.Not at all. Truly one of the dumbest namfags on this board.
implying he's not a proto-post-structuralist
called him a structuralist instead of a proto-structuralistOH THE HORROR. I'm not sure if it's a language barrier or your comprehesion that sucks, but you should apply your filter to yourself - you're not providing any substantiated critique of what I've written and half-assedly jumping over semantics. If you think that not adding a "proto-" prefix, in relation to someone who was contemporary to development of given school of thought, is a legitimate criticism then you're laughable. I'd perhaps call you a dumbest anon on this board, but I've seen worse and that's saying much.
Your posts keep getting more retarded. This is getting amusing.
that will show himYou're amusing anon. Goes to show any simpleton can have a degree now.
doesn't understand GOmbrowicz hur you're a simpleton Goes to show any simpleton with access to the internet can pretend they understand a writer. Kill yourself my man
You're doing an awful job at logically justifying yourself. I'm sorry for your promoter or whoever had to review your thesis. Stop posting anytime anon, it will be better for all of us.
Justifying what? I'm not justifying anything, actually. You're retarded. I wonder how many other writers you pretend to understand.
Justifying what? I'm not justifying anything, actually.I've seen that already.
I've seen that says I'm doing xYou're either genuinely retarded, or just terrible at b8. But anyways, your probably retarded enough to call Gombrowicz lacanian since you probably -- I'm being extremely generous here -- noticed elements of Lacan's Real in Gombrowicz's works. Notwithstanding, you're too retarded to understand lacan expropriated most of his ideas from Gombrowicz.
I disagree
Gr8 b8 tbh
Borges was just a self-loathing of europe fag. He hated the spanish language and hated himself more for not being able to write in other languages.
10Wow
What's machado de assis
thank you for the reminder
HACKACK
Fuck off.
why does she have a beard
He doesn't know about Machado De Assis
Why are you a transphobe?
Yeah, the best writer of Latin America is better than the best writers of those other continents in my opinion too. Thats pretty high standards though, especially when comparing it to countries with completely different literary traditions. .
two talentless hacks trying to diss the greatest american writer of all timeskek
Schoolboy. thinking bolano was "dissing" BorgesO I am lauffin, you retarded pleb
It's not about "knowing"; it's about Borges being an author people actually give a shit about.
not knowing people who give a shit about Machado de Assis Now I only have pity for those who keep the company of such tasteless plebs
So, DFW talks about reading avant-garde/postmodern books from the 60s and 70s when they hit their "peak" and how those type of books in the 80s and 90s became "not fun" and written for the critics as opposed to normal readers. What are some examples of these "not fun" books? Are they really that bad or were they 2deep4him?
you'll have to ask him op, he's in this new movie or something so maybe there's still time before he goes back into his grave
The point he was trying to make is that a good book is intellectually stimulating and fun.Books that just focus on being "fun" AKA YA lit aren't great. On the flipside, books that attempt to do something "avant garde" or stimulating, but don't include an enjoyable aspect to reading them run the risk of taking themselves TOO seriously, a danger and pitfall in its own right.DFW advocated books that utilized both of these factors, thus blunting the edge some of the snark and pretty ironic elitism of those intentionally avant garde works by including an enjoyability aspect while maintaining those works' literary quality in the sense of a beneficial quality that is lost in YA.Of course it's an ideal, and while I do like DFW I could see where some can argue that he falls short of this himself. But that doesn't make the point any less valid, IMO.
Here, I made this because I recognize my post was TL;DRAs for specific books, when I saw that interview I don't remember him pointing anything specific out, so I have no clue. Maybe he wrote an essay on it, though.
I get the point, but he made reference to two specific time periods IIRC it was in the Charlie Rose interview. It would have been in poor taste for him to name names, but that's what I made the thread for. What are the actual "pretentious" novels of the 80s and 90s?
I've got no clue, to be honest. I'll bump this though because I'm interested in this as well, if moreso from the other side of wanting to know what books he found interesting from the 60s/70s.
I always thought he was talking about humor. Toni Morrison's Beloved probably falls into this category.
In E Unibus Pluram, DFW mentions a novel called My Cousin, My Gastroenterologist as an example of the failure of 80s-90s postmodernism to critique TV and pop culture by trying to out-ironize it. He might've named other names too. However, he wasn't arguing that these books weren't fun I believe he calls them fun but shallow or that they were written for critics he says they're written for hipsters. So maybe a different set of books than what you're talking about.
I seriously love that for DFW Gravity's Rainbow is a fun book for normal readersAKA I think he's full of shit
He's not talking about normal readers. He's talking about himself and people like him.
The only difference between him and people like him on the one hand, and critics on the other, is that critics happen to write pieces of criticism in newspapers or magazines. So if that's all he means by normal readers, his statement seems pretty pointless.
I finally found the specific thing I'm talking about, it starts about 3.5 minutes in.href="#p6631542" class="quotelink"Basically, books that have become more academic in response to popular fiction becoming more fun. It seems like those hyper-irony books would actually have larger appeal.
written for the critics as opposed to normal readersAs parasitical as they are, critics are literally the only readers who matter. It makes far more sense to write for people who can secure your place in the future than stupid and boring idiots on a message board going, "I like it!"
critics are literally the only readers who matterbeing this intellectually and spiritually cucked
He was talking about which books he likes. Is that pointless? People wanted to hear which books he liked and why, and that's what he talked about.
I haven't seen that interview but I have seen similar stuff from DFW, one of the authors he's talking about is Mark Leyner.
says he wants books to be intellectual and funwrites a 1 million page turd as fun as a TV sitcomOh David...
Now you know why he killed himself.I think DFW knew--just knew--that the world would eventually view him as a fraud, or at least someone not worthy of any real attention, and he wanted to duck out before that moment came.In short, he killed himself because he knew he hadn't any talent.
Recent purchases thread?Recent purchases thread.I got pic related earlier today for $3.50 at a used book store.
I got this week:The Crying Lot of 49-Thomas PynchonV-Thomas PynchonBrief Interviews with Hideous Men-David Foster WallaceThe Pale King-David Foster WallaceBook of the New Sun volume 2: Sword and Citadel-Gene WolfThe Double and The Gambler-Dostoyevsky Hyperion-Dan SimmonsThe Grapes of Wrath-SteinbeckAlthough of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself-David Lipskey
grapes of wrathI swear you almost had me
Finished East of Eden and decided I needed some new stuff. Tried to finish The Short Reign of King Pippin IV on the first day but it wasn't happening. Ended up getting sidetracked by The Conquest of Don Pedro and finished that yesterday. Pretty interesting book that definitely shed some light on a piece of history I knew nothing about.I started Delilah yesterday but, oh Jesus, it's going to be one of those books. I'll probably stop at forty pages for the time being and finish Pippin and maybe take down Solomon and Sheba before I dredge through this sucker. I don't think I'll keep the book on Jackson because it's not quite what I was hoping for. Same goes for the Warburgs. I was hoping for a dynastic story like the Krupps but I got a happy-go-lucky tale of the quaintest little Jew family in Europe. Sometimes you swing and you miss.
Damn, seriously? Nice grab, OP. I probably paid $70 for my copy I was in school and my parents paid for it though.
book title is adjective+noun
book adds details to characters appearance long after they have been introduced, and thus an image has been created in your mind
Are you implying an order relation via +?E.g. does Atlas Shrugged count?
dfw Infinite Jest fits this description
when that one kid in IT suddenly was blackMind blown, but not in a bad way.
What's the point?
Great quality pic OP. Now shove it up your ass
Are you seriouslt implying that "shrugged" is a fucking adjective
It's concious ironic lo-fi you retard
smugCharles.pepe
book title is saxon genitiv+noun
n-naked lunch?
Woah, why is this nigga phillip k dick so fucking good??? is there anyone better at conveying the sensation of uncertain reality, uncertain identity and/or uncertain memories??its like, Borges has nothing on this god of science fictionwhat more do you reccomendate me similar to this author?
read more of his workand dick is much better than borges.
Ive read his stories, then ubik, then VALISwhat next??any similar writers???im from argentina and borges is considered here like "omg wat a great writer" and everything from lingerie to cities are named after him. i know he has quite a lot of international fame at least in south america but why isnt like united states called " THE PLACE WHERE THE PK DICK WAS BORN
Well Stanislaw Lem would be an obvious choice to read next if you enjoy PKD's work. With PKD being my favourite writer I'd also recommend Greg Egan 's "Permutation City"...
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? is my favorite by Philip K. Dick. As far as conveying the uncertainty of memories you may want to try The Sense of an Ending by Julian Barnes but I warn you that if you don't like philosophy or thinking about ambiguity and deciding for yourself you'll probably hate the book
A Scanner Darkly
Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch is one of his best imo.
Maybe you'd like The Fifth Head of Cerberus by Gene Wolfe. He deals with some similar themes to PKD, in particular uncertainty, but he goes about it in a different way.While PKD tells stories that are bizarre, open and unreal The Fifth Head of Cerberus tells a reasonably understandable narrative but with certain details left out or hidden outside of exposition for you to find by paying attention.
WHOA WHOA WHOAhe's good but HAVE YOU READ BORGES?? JLB could do what Dick would take a whole book doing in 5 pages and with much richer prose and citations! Not only that but he was an excellent poet and didn't need a bunch of drugs and mental disorder to come up with mindbending fiction; he just had to read a shitton of books! Borges puts much more significantly philosophical substance in his stories and there's a reason even all the post-structuralists and post-modernists praise him even the so-called schizo philosopher Deleuze. In comparison to Dick, Borges is MC Escher whilst PKD is just some guy on Tumblr who draws pictures of "chakras" and pseudo-Alex Grey-isms
In my Lit class in the University I teach, this was a students rough entry I teach in an online university, Devry to be specific, and their assignment is to submit a piece that has no actual grammar or punctuation correction, simply to get their thoughts out in writing and a student submitted this. This has piqued my interest in quite a way, thoughts?Next post
Oh hello, father aboveyour note says from big brother with lovebut we know I'm a tool, inspiration for the irationala book to guide them down, a blindfold through a scary passage and into a painless endYou call yourself a shepard, you lead sheepbut why try saving the sheep from the wolfif you lead them to the wolves denMonetary value was sure to be gainedor too watch your people flock from a paneyour creation has gained popularityA popular lie also promising prosperityLeeches suckled onto te breast of the beastfeeding on the monster you createdfeasting on the same innocent children you sought to devourbut those brave enough to stand forward continue to remove them from the tableso you can finish your mealyou have such good people intertwined into your fingersso many beating hearts that bled it's entirety for your causebut your cause for what?You've given purpose and hope to manybut it's comparable to a horses ass if that hope references untrue qualitiesPerhaps the negativity that drips from my mouth is misplacedThey weigh in to heavy, a softlanding is always welcome to a harsh fallhave them make something, ass on to your creation, enjoy what little they have in due time, it will be taken awaywhen the rainbow shines so brightly that colors eminatewhen the world full of people will eyes become unable to seewould I be out of place to throw dirt into the eyes of those who try to "save" me?Who in their right mind would willingly allow another to gouge their eyes out?Is it so I can trot with the wool bearers?After all, part of what makes us human is sharing social viewpointsBased on your instruction, when the leaves fall and the wind blowswhen society clasps its hands and sings praise unto the divineand I look away drawing pictures with a stick in the dirtI am considered the monster.I am the one who will murder those who will not join my "just cause"Based on your instruction, those who shy away from you will be murderedBecause they will not join your "just cause"There is a good spirited man, a man who will sacrafice his very life, his soul in factfor the good of man. Regardless of any personal wealth and gain, he simply seeks the resin that is creating happiness for his peopleThere is a christian man, a man who will sacrafice his very life, his soul in factfor the good of GodRegardless of any personal wealth that is gained to others,he simply wants to fulfill his own desires and secure his place in heaven, be with his father.Based on your instruction, it is that who follows you that makes it into heaven,One that truly believes in you and your "Cause"Therefore, that automatically puts the Christian man one step aheadIf you should tell me that the Christian man would be saved whereas the good spirited Atheist should not beThen you are not any higher power I wish to obtain my fruit fromand you are not allowed to grace my basket with your nutrients
terrible
dreadful
Why do you say this? His viewpoints make complete sense. Am I missing something?
I find it hard to believe you teach anything, based on your own grammar and diction. Or, was this part of your lesson?
This person needs a good does of Augustine.Beyond that,free verse poetry
I don't see why someone would attempt rhyming poetry if it really was an automatic writing assignment. But I guess it's ok since the author doesn't seem sure if they are rhyming or not anyway.
Well seeing as the assignemnt was free-write he could've given up on it early on to get his point across
You've just violated copyright, student privacy, academic ethics and the student : teacher relationship.Well done. Grounds for instant dismissal.Devry to be specific was it?
Dude, you just posted a student's work online.No wonder everybody thinks Devry is shit. Get your act together.
This is a thinly-veiled attempt to get critique for your shitty workBut at least you tried to be creative about it
Allegation that your employee or servant has breached student privacyFor the Attention of Timothy J. Wiggins in his capacity with responsibility for ethics and compliance servicesSir,I allege that your servant or employee has breached student privacy by making assignment materials public.They did so by uttering this communication: The material will be available through archival services even after that link goes dead.I encourage you to prosecute this breach.yours,A concerned citizen.
DevryUniversitykek
Joke's on you. Devry is a for-profit university and they don't care about the students.
Oh that's really depressing. Why do people apply there then?
If Wiggins fails in his capacity then the University will eventually fail an audit. And that won't maximise shareholder profit.
How do I become a philosopher?And I'm not talking about reading Philosophy or starting with the greeks, I want to be one of those fat guys that talks bullshit on TV and at Universities events.I have only read some works of Descartes, Poetics by Aristotle and some parts of Meditations
I want to be one of those fat guys that talks bullshit on TV and at Universities events.Start with the Sophists.
Is obesity mandatory?
Start biting off your toenails instead of using the clippers, philosophers get their energy from reabsorbing bodily proteins. In general, if you can wolf down some fallen hairs, do it. Make sure you italicize all your thoughts and that they all follow a triangle bracket. If you catch yourself laughing, just remember, there is someone out there more aware than you. You must be the most aware, so make sure to stay out of conversations with any philosophical undertones, but add sly input such as, "nice" or "haha, yeah, that one". Philosophers also respect math a lot. If someone brings up math, just say, "yeah, laplace transformations are generally cool imo". As for the actual readings and defined area of interest, stick to philosophical issues of neurobiology, namedrop Ray Brassier and pthh when anyone mentions "dualism" "substance" "in itself". Now you just need a stage name and an indian boy across the ocean to get a degree for you and you're ready.
Study logic and read an intro to philosophy book like Core Question in Philsoohpy by Elliot Sober, alongside some extracts from the classics like in Reason and Responsibility anthology edited by Joel FeinbergStart to study the main areas - metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, and the 'philosophies of' of art, of science, of religion, of mind, of language. The way you do this is my finding intros and anthologies published by Routledge, Blackwell, and Oxford uni press etc. best series is routledges contemporary intros Read at least one good history of philosophy, like Anthony KennyLearn at least the basics of science so you won't get lost. Khan academy will suffice for the Math - don't necessarily learn calculus and shit, but learn some statistics, some set theory, some stuff about infinity. There's a book called More Precisely by Eric Steihardt which teaches math for philosophy, just read that book. For science, go with Sciences An integrated approach by Hazen and Trefil which teaches the basics of science using the guidelines of the American Academy of Science about what it takes to be scientifically literateFind yourself a field of study and use Philpapers to read the most recent papers on that fieldRead them carefully and start making your all ideas and criticizing the ideas of othersOnce a philosopher from a respected university cites your work, you can call yourself a philosopher. Sorry for the terrible writing, I'm on my phone
yes
I'm already an engineer so science is fine enough for hipsters. How much my deegre will add to my credibility?Should I try to write a paper or some shit? How long are we talking about?One of my core ideas is that is pointless to ideolize other thinkers because they are just circlejerking and have no real idea how the universe actually works neither do I. Is this one good enough?Thanks for all the recommendations anon.How do I get called to interviews? Or start charging for my shit talks?
Just do the same thig Socrates/Plato/Aristotle did and read Eric Voegelin.OP wants to become a philosopher, not a person who knows a lot about philosophy.
This is a good introduction to philosophy. Please post again once you've digested your newfound wisdom.
I already took physics but I love that virgin man anyway I might read it.
It's a terrible idea because it is extremely hard to prove they are just circle jerking. I don't think they are, and neither do most philosophers, so you'll have to convince them. You'll have to learn the language of the thinkers you're talking about to read them in the original in some cases. Philosophy isn't kid's stuff, mate. Descartes was a math and so was Pascal, and both were philosophers. Putnam solved a Hilbert problem and he's a philosopher. Chomsky founded modern linguistics and he's a philosopher. It's not circle jerking, mate. It's a very serious field.should I try to write a paperOnly after you have mastered at least one field.how long are we talking aboutOne, two, four, five years, depending on how fast you are.As for your degree, it's very good that you have it and it's very useful. It's common for philosophers to have other degrees, although I don't know of any who majored in engineering. A lot of the best philosophers have math degrees, some ethicists have law degrees, some philosophers of art have music degrees and so on.
I want to be one of those fat guys that talks bullshit on TV and at Universities events.Step one: Have been born in the 1950s, 60s, or 70sget back to me when you take care of that one
OP wants to become a philosopher, not a person who knows a lot about philosophy.In order to become a philosopher you first have to study it. How do you become a mathematician? By mastering the fields of mathematics, which you do by reading the best textbooks on the subject in the case of philosophy you also have to read some history, because past philosophers are very relevant.After he has mastered the fields of philosophy, the technical tools, and has got used to the philosophical way of thinking, THEN he can start writing his own papers and maybe one day his own books. And this is what being a philosopher is about: you write papers that have something to contribute to the philosophical community. It's the same thing as science or any other field.
There's no use reading Newton, he isn't needed in philosophy except maybe in some sub-areas of the philosophy of science. Einstein himself said he hadn't read Newton's Principia. You don't need to read Russel's Principia either.You don't need to read that many classics, this is just a meme. You have to read the main ones, sure, but the main thing to read are textbooks and anthologies of essays.
I wanted to talk bullshit about moral and stuff, maybe some art. I know that if I go as I am right now I will end up talking about old ideas I still haven't read about.My target is either young dumb hipsters or maybe rich women.
Read more, then synthesize your own ideas and systems.Develop your philosophy first through free writing on certain issues, then refine it and search for inconsistencies.I would suggest you write by hand.
Philosophy of Dieting and Feeling Good. Chain together some common sense and stuff from the secret, follow this guide:get on a TEDx stage.
I find it extremely easy to write by hand I just can't in a fucking computer.Let's say I pick an idea and then do some writing, after that I check what other fags said about that specific topic and start correcting that shit.
Then your engineering major won't do much to help, except that it will show other people that you're intelligent enough.Anyway, if you really want to be a philosopher you should definitely go back to school and study, and write a thesis on Ethics or Aesthetics.You can study it on your own but it will be very difficult. Nowadays, virtually all philosophers come from philosophy departments in universities. If you want to study Aesthetics you should also learn a lot about art. When you're studying a 'philosophy of' you have to master the thing that comes after the 'of' if you want to be taken seriously by your peers. A philosopher of physics who knows no physics won't be taken seriously by Tim Maudlin; a philosopher of mind who doesn't know a lot of neurobiology won't be taken seriously by David Chalmers and John Searle; a philosopher of art who can't read music or who hasn't mastered the history of art won't be taken seriously by Roger Scruton.
he doesn't want to be a good one he just wants to get known.Cheap and empty ideas that are easy for the average plen to understand. Normally a little left leaning politically, to confirm what the listeners already know.
I just wanted to become a charlatan.I want to go full capitalist can I make this work?
Sorry, it's not philosophy.Maybe a philosophy teacher.
Op read the following books in this orderon truth and lies in the extra moral sense - nietzsche sublime object of ideology - zizek the cultural industry - adorno the civilization and its discontents - freud the decline of the west - spengler with those 5 books you can fake your way and sound deep
Read a dictionary and learn to string the longer words together
I have my own, unique, imo correct theories on everything from death literally looked up "yale philosophy professor", noticed the guy, Shelley Kegan or something, had a lot of work on death and I just tailored my email to him. He wrote back saying I had a like mind in the philisophical community, morality, metaphysics, and physiology. I discovered the merkabah before I knew it was a thingAnd I'm pretty good looking Not only that, but it's fairly close to a unified theoryAnd other than maybe the seasoning of wisdom, I haven't added to it since I was 18 I'm 23
Okay so how do you plan to move from here on?I have a lot of theories and shit too, I just want to be able to eat for talking about them. I might not be as good looking as you.
I'm in contact with a PhD, and parapsychological author who was involved in project STARGATE, and where he went wrong in the lab experiments, as well as how little he seems to grasp autonomic cognition a field he's a supposed expert in is apparent I'm trying to get in contact with a PhD who's done a lot of work on biofeedback, an industry that doesn't realize it's own significance, and try to get some questions answered because I have an angle I don't think I'll write any essays or anything, it's just too common sense imo, pointless telling people knowledge is useless if you can't apply it and I doubt they'd gain traction. I'm looking for something tangible to work on, even if it's as relatively mundane as a business
What we need, now more than ever, is a violent, bloody civil war between rich and poor... A bloodier war than has ever been waged in history, a revolutionary holocaust in which all weak races and nations will perish. The Jews, a vile race I am utterly ashamed to belong to, are particularly in need of extermination, for following their only god, money.
Nice fabricated quote
the last thing we need is the degenerate underclass rising up.
Hey /lit/ I need a favor. I'm trying to remember a book series from my childhood. It's about a guy who travels to another dimension that's just like earth except people don't believe in science. And there's magic involved. I remember he had a flashlight and a compass. Pic unrelatedThanks /lit/
Why read a whole book when i can find a summary on the internet with only the most important parts? Is there really any difference?
I read for the sense of accomplishment.
Knowledge is PowerLet me sell you my shitty guide to getting money by attaining knowledgeyou of anyone?No?Well you must be a new breed of the Tai Lopez Scumbag
Just read literary criticism and get the plot along with hot opinions you can parrot to sound cultured.
Congratulations, you're ready to read Borges.
reading for plot, not proseyou're missing out on all the artistry and poetry in the piece man. also summaries gloss over the minor details that could be worth the while of the whole rest of the business.
You are obviously not a contributor to any academic field, otherwise you would be reading, what you feel you need to read, from cover to cover. So if you wish to be a pleb spectator, by all means, read cliff notes and internet summaries/reviews till your little heart's content. And when you are finished, you can come to /litl/ and feel important, instead of creating works and submitting them to academic journals.
You may as well ask why anyone would paint when they could take a photograph
Depends on the book. Certain prominent writer's would agree with you, Borges never wrote long novels for this kind of reason. Also Ambrose Bierce wrote something on the subject in The Devil's Dictionary.I personally think that most novel's don't properly make use of the medium's strength, but that's the same with most things. Some writer's prose I think makes reading 500 pages worthwhile but others use the full length to develop ideas that simply wouldn't work as well or couldn't at all in another form.Good thread OP. Lots of potential for interesting discussion.
Looks like someone's mad they wasted all their time reading books when they would get the same benefit just reading a summary.
I found that Devil's Dictionary entry on novel's:NOVEL, n. A short story padded. A species of composition bearing the same relation to literature that the panorama bears to art. As it is too long to be read at a sitting the impressions made by its successive parts are successively effaced, as in the panorama. Unity, totality of effect, is impossible; for besides the few pages last read all that is carried in mind is the mere plot of what has gone before. To the romance the novel is what photography is to painting. Its distinguishing principle, probability, corresponds to the literal actuality of the photograph and puts it distinctly into the category of reporting; whereas the free wing of the romancer enables him to mount to such altitudes of imagination as he may be fitted to attain; and the first three essentials of the literary art are imagination, imagination and imagination. The art of writing novels, such as it was, is long dead everywhere except in Russia, where it is new. Peace to its ashes -- some of which have a large sale.
Your experience with the matter will be paper-thin
If I have to read something for a class, I'll read the first few chapters or so and see if I enjoy the prose. If I do, then I'll just read it. If I don't, I'll skim and off to the internet I go.
That's a valid question! I mean, Borges said it, and Borges gets his literary dick sucked all the time. I guess what it is for me is that the premise is what happened, where the story is why it happened. I think the why is more interesting than the what. The characters are given little idiosyncrasies to make them feel real. Maybe the writer throws in a sentence that can be read in a bunch of different ways. There's just something fundamentally more human in the story that just isn't there in the premise. ¯\_ツ_/¯
What do you think of Leaves of Grass?
more like leaves of ass
lol!
what? why? It's one of the best poetry collections America ever produced.
Damning with faint praise.
Your opinions are literally shit.Every time you open your mouth to give voice to your innermost soul, a river of half-digested corn and Totino's pizza rolls is undammed. You will never be ridiculed, because onlookers are too horrified to do anything but pity you. You will be studied medically, and papers will be published on you, and you will be held up as the first provable instance of the supernatural.In this way, and this way only, will you be of use to the intellectual community as a whole.
OP hereI just read the prologues and it seemed to me that He was the perfect example of a true and genuine artist. He approaches philosophy in a humble way that unites people and still his writings were powerful and hitting. That's more than you can ask for an artist.
I really like Whitman. I just reread Song of Myself and goshdarn does it feel good to read that one. If it were not 103 degrees outside I'd go out and appreciate the shit out of the outdoors after that but still. It's the American epic. It represents his conception of democracy so well and I love how powerfully his words can evoke sensations and jump from one situation to the next.
Why is he so fucking unpopular?I honestly fucking love this guy's literature. He's second only to Nietzsche in my eyes... His writing style is phenomenal and most of his ideas are bang-on. And besides, most people who THINK they disagree with Freud only disagree superficially... Many of them use Freudian ideas in their day to day lives all the time. I literally hear people say "anal" or "people marry their mothers/fathers" almost every day,
He was mostly discredited as part of psychiatry's movement away from psychoanalytic methods and towards prescribing drugs for everything.That doesn't mean he was 100% right about everything but his obsessions with sex and unscientific sounding ideas made him an easy target.
He's outdated trash. Just like Nietzsche
Yeah I think this whole ethos of saying that everything comes down to 'brain chemistry' and ignoring social context is fucking retarded bullshit that needs to end, REAL fucking fast.
He tended to exaggerate in his attempts to bring psychoanalysis into the realm of a legitimate science. Also some oh his theories were batshit, like penis envy. but  is right most of his stuff got discredited in the wave of "unfalsifiable" that happened in the 60's with Popper and Chomsky.the anal stage is said to follow the oral stage of infant or early-childhood development. This is a time when an infant's attention moves from oral stimulation to anal stimulation usually the bowels but occasionally the bladder, usually synchronous with learning to control his or her excretory functions—in other words, toilet training. Freud theorized that children who experience conflicts during this period of time may develop "anal" personality traits, namely those associated with a child's efforts at excretory control: orderliness, stubbornness, a compulsion for control. I personally think his oral anal stage thing was bullshit as well.
[necessary anti-oedipo deleuze]freud is nice because you take him as an interpretation of things rather than a fully scientific reality schema. I really liked totem and taboo.but that the ideas of freud are used in society doesn't indicate that they are true, it just means that we believe in them, if anything, freud started with this *everything is sex* mentality which we believe in it fully as the mechanical way things occur even if it's outside of context
This. His reductionist bullshit wouldn't fly today at all.
i agree with you. freud was dali's hero and also mine, though i'm bitter over an incident between the two where freud dismissed a psychoanalytical work of salvador dali without ever taking him seriously, brushing him off saying all spaniards are mad or something to that effect, if i'm to take dali's side.
smear campaign from big pharma
Just like NietzscheHorrible
People saying he's outdated or discredited don't know much about psychotherapy. Psychodynamic theory is still one of the main orientations, and psychology in general still owes a lot to many of Freud's ideas.
So? The father of sociology is Durkheim, and Comte the grandfather, even still, the field has moved substantially away from these figures. Feud is the same, who the fuck REALLY thinks ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny?His entire premise rests on the Oedipal Complex, from which, conveniently, can only be recovered through psychoanalysis. It's a religious con-man saying, I have the answer to our origins, but you can only achieve it if you buy my book and follow my methods. But lets get back to this whole "ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny," because this is the hallmark of Freud's bullshit. He actually believed that individuals carry with them all of society through genes, and this individual has stored inside him all the collected data of the past civilization that can ONLY be recovered through psychoanalysis by probing the subconscious. This entire idea he pulls from the works of Biologist Ernst Haeckel, which even then, Haeckel admits his idea is speculative, whereas, Freud tries to pass it off as FACT. Therefore, Freud tries to place his psychoanalysis theory inside the evolutionary framework of the early 1900s, which, if you still actually believe in evolutionary theory in the social realm, you are complete fucking moron. Social Evolution  or Social Darwinism is a botched premise from its foundation, yet Freud still subscribed, and defended it, even up until his death. Do you any idea how fucking bat-shit nuts that is? Contemporaries are in agreement, Freud just made shit up to cover his incomplete conclusions. He tried to pass off speculation as theory/fact.Hence, I once heard a professor say, "Freud was anything but a scientist, and psychoanalysis is anything but science." This is because he was a staunch reductionist and a flat out liar. His contemporary Jung eventually had to get away from him even though Jung only fares slightly better. So what use if Freud today? He is a wonderful scholar to demonstrate to undergraduates on how not to be. In short, Freud has become a deconstructing punching bag for undergraduates. As for Scholars and Graduates, they don't really bother even mentioning him anymore because everyone besides those in the process of learning him already knows he is a punching bag.
His entire premise rests on the Oedipal ComplexConfirmed for not having read him, opinion discarded.
saying that it isn't a mistaken theory, but you have zero understanding of said theory, which leads me to believe that you derive all that "knowledge" from some infograph. Never trust infographs.
People trying to discredit the one philosopher who believes that meaning is everywhere and that words are powerfulAnalytics pls go and leave me my Freud.
i studied freud independently for 3 years with that attitude, op. then i discovered reich. it's like guattari said, freud was a "masked capone". he had despair written in his face as early as 1926; he had given up his revolutionary project of the 1890s in order to promote his school and ensure its survival and the well-being of anna et al. even if it was at that point a bastardization, reactionary science that served the interests of the powers that were
Are you fucking retarded son? His entire premise for engaging the subconscious is because of repression, repression spawning from the Oedipus Complex.Did you even read Totem and Taboo?I strongly doubt you can even debate me on Freud. I even doubt you have read his entire works like I have.
Probably because his ideas don't work in the context of actual medicine. He had a phenomenal talent for asking the right questions but giving the shittiest answers ever
His entire premise for engaging the subconscious is because of repressionEh, sort of.repression spawning from the Oedipus Complex.Absolute nonsense, an oedipus complex is what you get from misdevelopment in your oedipal phase of development.
You guys can hug your undergrad books all you want, but the fact is this:He is a wonderful scholar to demonstrate to undergraduates on how not to be. In short, Freud has become a deconstructing punching bag for undergraduates. As for Scholars and Graduates, they don't really bother even mentioning him anymore because everyone besides those in the process of learning him already knows he is a punching bag.Is 100% accurate.
you've never read freud have you. admit it.
appeal to authority
"There exists in the life of the individual, not only what he has experienced himself, but also what he brought with him at birth, fragments of phylogenetic origin, and archaic heritage" --Sigmund Freud, Moses and Monotheism pg. 125I got his books right here on my desk, I have no problem deconstructing and proving you undergrads wrong tonight. Lets do this.I promise I will even site this shit like I did above, just so you can go and check for yourselves.
He's an incredibly entertaining writer. I think of him as mostly a literary critic, not really a scientist.
His theories were unfalsifiable, like Marxism. Freud also used circular logic and twisted the facts to fit the theory, explaining away anomalies. Freud's experimental technique was laughably bad at times. Sometimes he'd use a sample size of one or two for instance.Pic related
Okay then, explain why that statement is mistaken. It seems perfectly in line with evopsych, for example.
I'm not sure why you typed all that shit. You have not refuted my claim that psychodynamic therapists still use Freud's ideas and you can't, because it's a fact.
Do anti-depressants dilute and distort people's identities and personalities? In other words, when I'm taking 20mg of Paxil, am I still Anon, or am I Anon+Paxil? inb4 /lit/ - LiteratureThis is philosophical. inb4 op cant inb4I just did twice.
this is philosophical/x/then.BYEGTFO
It depends on what you consider your personality. If you get drunk is it anon + alcohol?Most people on SSRIs seem to describe a "mental clouding" but get less stressed about shit.
Does food dilute and distort people's identities and personalities? In other words, when I'm taking 20kg of Big Mac, am I still Anon, or am I Anon+Big Mac?
It could also go to /sci/ since it's about mind affecting agents.Also, OP, obviously something that affects your brain chemistry affects the way you think and feel shit. So unless your definition of personality is purely spiritual, yes, but it's subtle and you shouldn't worry your pretty little head about it.That's why I refused them personally, paranoia about ego-death and such.
am I still Anon, or am I Anon+Paxil?According to modern science, you are a nothing more than a chemical meatsack, so Anon+Paxil.If you were permanently on LSD, you wouldn't be Anon, that's for sure.
To answer that you need to answer whether depression is part of your identity/personality. Maybe when you aren't on Paxil you're Anon+depression.To give a somewhat different example, but one that illustrates my point, I take an anti-depressant for social anxiety. The medication allows me to be who I really am in situations where before my mental disorder would've prevented me from acting in more accordance with my actual personality.
I was on 20mg of Prozac for a long time. When that wasn't working they added Abilify. Then they diagnosed me with bipolar II and put me on 40mg of Lamictal mood stabilizer. Nothing was working and I was still depressed and getting crazier by the day. After 4 years of the Prozac and 1 year of the Abilify and Lamictal I was basically reduced to a drugged zombie. I finally said fuck it and quit cold turkey which I do NOT recommend back in September. After two months of withdrawals, I'm the happiest I've been in years and I'm actually starting to have a personality now. I'm still struggling with feeling sadness, but at least I feel something.tl;dr sometimes antidepressants suck the life out of you worse way than the depression does
If you look at it that way then you could also say that Anon without Paxil is just "Anon-Paxil"
I wrote 246 words today /lit/What about you?
I stayed home from work and laid in bed all day because my antidepressants didn't work.
I spent the day shitposting on an Albanian woodworking board
They take like a month, pussy.I don't understand, how do you do that and nothing else ...all day? I mean, it's just a Filipino Flip Book.
I made 90+ 15-17 year olds write 100 words each.
I wrote just over 1300, reached just over 10k in my novel.
Are you me?
I eammot eamtrol myself
They take a lot longer than a month to work ;-
Congrats, man. I write throughout the day off and on, take breaks, and right now I'm just enjoying some Netflix and going to break 30k tonight before I wrap a chapter up. Feels good.
I don't know, am I?PLOT REVELATION!I work full time and only started this project on Saturday...before that I hadn't written for months. Gratz on 30k, that's quite the milestone, hopefully I'll be there in a couple weeks at most.
1,000 and then edited that down to 500.
Oh, so it's shit then.Nvr midn
You'll never get anywhere if you keep editing before you finish.
2,137. Not happy with the result though.
i ran 5 miles, got acceptance for a great program at my college, learned a van zandt song on my guitar, started planning a hiking trip to Zion, and wrote nothingwriting is for s-squares, right? that's the way to be
This is the first time I'm editing as I go.I've written eight other novels and only edited half of them because vomiting up a whole first draft then editing it all is just daunting and way too difficult to manage. There are lots of authors and editors who advocate editing as you go.Thank you :'3
No one ever is.
shitI'll fuckin ave u m8.I think my work is rather good so far. Definitely what I was aiming for.
giving a shit about what other authors have doneYep, you're a hack for sure.eight other novelsYep. Hack.
Definitely what I was aiming for.so...shit then.
only about 1300 todayIt's a constant struggle
HackYou're implying I've been paid to produce that many novels. I wrote them to learn. Ever heard of the 10k Hour rule to master something? Or, writing a million words to master writing?And of course I care what other authors do, they're older and smarter and if one way of writing hasn't worked for me why wouldn't I try another way? At first I listened to Stephen King's advice about writing then editing, it didn't work so now I'm trying Zadie Smith's way of editing as one goes along.A hack produces shit and knows it but doesn't care because they need money. I'm trying to do whatever works best to write the best I can.
I guess we'll just have to see who gets published and who doesn't.Because that's a measure of quality right? 
I went to my first job, worked out, read a little Mishima, went to my second job, and spent the rest of the day editing my poetry and shitposting.
look at this hack and laugh
Teddy would've cock slapped you.
cause he liked dick bby
About 350.Feels shit, and it's been going slow for a while.
implying william heirens killed anyone
Uhh, shit...Give me a bit, I'll be back...
Desiring the emulation of Stephen King.
Fit wagecuck poet who read Mishima?pls be in london
I wrote 510 today buy I'm just getting up to speed. It takes me a few days to get into a rhythm. I'm hoping to average about 1,500 then.I should mention that I like everything I wrote today. I never write anything and think, "this is garbage."
2.5 college rule notebook pagesfeels good /lit/
I heard suicide works in as little as one minute
Two composition book pages. I'll revisit and edit but I can only write in bite-sized chunks and have no idea how to piece them together.
Ok, I just did about four pages of revision, which mostly involved revising sentence structure to improve flow and cohesion.Realistically, I would say that that involves about 300 words of actual composition. So don't feel too bad OP! I'm just as shitty as you are.
Should I start with Plato, Descartes, or Frege?
FREGEREGE
Plato for how to think philosophicallyDescartes for the genealogy of modern philosophy
Let me elaborate my op was more than a bit ambiguous tbhI read republic and understood the merits of dialectical reasoning as well as Plato's theory of forms, among other subjects he introduced. I'm also familiar with Boolean logic which, supposedly, is very similar to the system frege usesshould I read more Plato and head onwards to aristotle? Or just skip to the D man?
Plato you faggotnot starting with the Greeks
muh magical sky shapes
Plato is kind of a dick in my opinion. I disagree with him on a few fronts.
Plato, since everyone builds off of him in some way or another.
misunderstanding plato
Literary confession thread
I have no intention on reading any book by DFW. I have no intention on reading any play T.S. Eliot. I immediately disregard someone's opinion when they tell me they read scifi, fantasy, or YA.
The Pale King blows Infinite Jest out of the water.
sci fi Top kek
I don't actually read books. I just brief the summaries as I drive through the Beverly Hills in my new lamborghini
I feel the exact same way.a/s/l ???
Sometimes I get bored while reading and just skim the page, missing some vital information. Then I'll hit something later on that forces me to recall something from earlier, but I won't be able to. Instead, I'll just plow ahead because I want to finish. I do this with most books.
I post on /lit/ as if I know anything about Shakespeare, the Greeks, the Bible, various Russian authors, none of which I've actually read and simply regurgitate what I've heard other /lit/ users say. In reality, all I've ever read is Harry Potter and Terry Pratchett lel.
I am the one who's been constantly complaining about christposts. I just do it to be edgy and stir up quality banter. I'm actually a christian.
my taste is composed solely of books found on various /lit/ flowcharts
I am Thomas Pynchon and I make all the threads about myself. me and my friend Tao Lin are responsible fro 80% of the posts on this board.
You all are part of my imagination and do not actually exist.
I believe this.
I'm responsible for 15% of the Kolsti posting
I read book summaries and pretend to have actually read themPeople expect I'm well read...
hi every1 im new!!!!!!! holds up fountain pen my name is Tom but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF b00m!!!!!!!! lol…as u can see im very literary!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet literary ppl like me _… im 78 years old im mature 4 my age tho!! i like 2 watch The Simpsons w/ my shota im bi if u dont like it present a cogent argument as to why its degeneratcy matters in the nuclear age its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO literary!!!! he's litarary 2 of course but i want 2 meet more literary ppl = like they say the more the merrier!!!! lol…neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of book recs!!!!NIGGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! --- me bein literary again _^ hehe…toodles!!!!!love and bananas,t3h PeNgU1N oF b00m
I copy and paste popular threads from r/books here all the time. The responses are almost identical.:^
Hey Postmodernists,My name is Dave, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day ironically dismissing this world we live in1. You are everything bad in the first world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any audience pussy or smell cunt in the air? I mean, I guess it’s fun being ironic because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than watching TV and smoking pot.2Don’t be a stranger. Just hit me with your best serve. I’m pretty much perfect. I was captain of the tennis team, and starter on my MFA program3. What sports do you play, other than “jack off to how smart you are and make the reader feel stupid”? I also get straight A’s, and have a smoking hot girlfriend I just cheated on her for some audience pussy; Shit was SO cash. You are all faggots who should just hang yourselves. Sincerely, thanks for listening.Pic Related: It’s me and my bitch1. w/rt everything in life being significant and part of the human experience.2. and but so you should try it sometime.3. UA. The University of Arizona.
I immediately disregard someone's opinion when they tell me they read scifi, fantasy,if that's what you want to do, budMy confession is I really only like reading about war.
Kek. This is the most believable post ITT.
nice
I think I might actually be insane.
I haven't read a book from an actual published or accredited author in over a year. I've just been reading self-published stuff and amateur stuff and I feel like I have a much broader literary range because of it.
So long as you're aware of it and keeping tabs on it you're fine.As it turns out, the entire human race is actually batshit insane. Society just does a really, really good job of making people look sane by normalizing them.
I think Shogun is my favorite fiction book.
My crush reads YA, and liked The Fault In Our Stars.She reads more sophisticated, philosophical things as well, she just reads YA for fun sometimes. I respect her for not being pretentious about the books she reads.
only 15%? why do you do this?
Alex Rider is in my top 10
Lol
I read Ulysses, but really didn't understand any of it.
I have extreme motivational issues even when it comes to the smallest things and I can barely bring myself to read, ever. I come here for the philosophical chats
Try audio books. Your ears don't get apathetic. Even if it's a poor way to digest information for a lot of people, it's better than spending your brain power worrying about shit all the time.
I feel like a fool for never having tried that before.Thanks, anon!
kekkek
I haven't read a book in a year and tonight I started to try to read one but I got up and cooked instead. There are currently two books right beside me but here I am browsing 4chan.I used to read a ton all the time and I feel like a failure for not keeping it up.
You seem like you'd actually be a pretty cool dude.
I just want to write one worthwhile thing.
My confession is that I'm not entirely sure what pretentious means even though I hear it all the time and I could easily look it up if I wanted.
Jesus this is some next level shite
wow, like, not even the easy first 3 chapters?
Does Kantian Ethics presuppose a transcendental good, thus rely on God?Is the Golden Rule empirically originated?
please
Does Kantian Ethics presuppose a transcendental good, thus rely on God?no
Schopenhauer demonstrated this, actually. No one takes kantian ethics seriously anymore after Schopenhauer.
How does kantian ethics assume to be objective without a transcendental good?
explainplease
Wasn't Kant a Christian?
The entire book of "on the basis of morality" is dedicated to critiquing kantian ethics. It's one of the most convincing, lucid, and well-written criticism of Kant's ethics that I have read. Even my kantian professor recognized Schopenhauer's critique when I asked him about it.
if you want objective morals, youre better off with Natural law theory
I am talking to a person about the idea of transcendental good in morality. In light of me talking about the idea of denying a transcendental good he asserted that Kantian ethics are objective and that the golden rule is also objective and empirically originated without the use of a transcendental good.I won't be able to ask what the guy means by this for a while so I'm trying to understand a bit of this through /lit/. Any comments?
No one takes kantian ethics seriously anymore after Schopenhauer.Dude, you should just stay silent if you know nothing about philosophy. Kant's Groundwork is way more important in philosophy than anything Schopenhauer ever wrote.
Does Kantian Ethics presuppose a transcendental good, thus rely on God?Not really, it's more of an afterthought that there should be a god.
No.
how does it assert objective morality without a transcendental good?
is the golden rule empirically originatedbe more specific. are you asking if the golden rule born after years of experience and derived from purely the experience and "based on experience this is probably pretty good" or derived purely from logic and "we've established that this is logically satisfying and think this should work in the real world"an evalutation of GR will come from one of those places in one way or the other.Is this what you are asking?
Define 'the golden rule'.Even if supported by a god, it would be really pushing it to call it 'objevtive'.
shut up you know what it is. take it in a sociocultural context
Does Kantian Ethics presuppose a transcendental good, thus rely on God?No. Certainly, if nothing else, it does not rely on a transcendental good, although it may or may not posit one.Is the Golden Rule empirically originated?That's certainly Kant's argument. Whether or not you would think he sustains it, I can't say.
Why don't you go to university?
No, i'm honestly unsure.
Basic, the idea for Kant on at least one interpretation is that morality is basically a consequence of rationality as such.
What are you unsure of.This is the english in the bible from matthew 7:12 “So whatever you wish that others would do to you, do also to them, for this is the Law and the Prophets.heres the greek and the hebrew if it interests you 
Whatever ill just say it i'll stop being sarcastic. I know you've heard of GR. My intention was to direct to definitional knowledge and non-definitional knowledge. definitional knowledge is less useful in application comapared to its opposite and doesnt contribute to the understanding and application of GR. The understanding of the contradiction is why wittgenstein is famous and why they killed socrates.
gr8 b8 kid
Well, Kant grounds ethics on the inconditional value of the good will, but the good will is quite different from standard valuable things, like pleasure, justice or beauty.For Kant, the good will is a necessary preconception on practical reason. You can't even engage in a practical discussion if you don't presuppose the good will to be the ultimate good.Objectivity is granted, thus, because even if it is impossible in the end to demonstrate that the good will exists in this world, the fact that we try to answer practical questions and engage in ethical thinking brings the good will into existence. So, in other words, we don't really know if there's an ultimate good, but we have not choice but to act as if there was one.
Reason, friend. Reason.
god exists because we talk about god
So it's basically a transition point between the transcendental good and the denial of it?It acts just the same as there is a transcendental good but make a point of saying we're not sure so we'll just hope.
Since we're on the topic of Western ethics. I've been thinking a little about the tension between rationality and ethics lately or more particularly, the formation of knowledge and ethics. We only need to look at Spinoza, the stoics, Aristotle, and basically all others to see that for most of western philosophy, knowledge was the ground from which action and, moreover, ethical action was to emanate from. I think you see this in everyday life as well. We seem need to have some knowledge of the suffering of others to jump into action. This often goes from recognition of the suffering of the other, the invocation of the scream of pain or the look of exasperation, to unfortunately the move towards identification. "Can you imagine?" And so people set out to imagine and identify. They think of police killings in relation to them What if it was your son?, they simulate the suffering of others to compel action Look at the scores of idiots waterboarding themselves to make a point. So I'm wondering how this plays out in the extreme case. If we cannot imagine, if we cannot understand. Particularly when we regard the extreme case where violation of the other seems incomprehensible the holocaust, the slave trade, purposeless violence. We seem stuck in the face of suffering beyond our capacity to know/identity, to reach out to something of an absolute exteriority. Returning to epistemology, I wonder if the introduction of the Cartesian subject did much to hinder our capacity to act ethically in the face of the other. All knowledge essentially becomes mediated through identity. This is even echoed in Spinoza who's epistemology seems to grant more knowledge of ourselves than those things which affect us.
Do you honestly not see how god exists because we talk about godand the Kantian argument differ?

no
So it's basically a transition point between the transcendental good and the denial of it?Kinda. Some people interpret Kant as if he was an objective moral realist, and some people think that he was the middle ground between this hard realism and subjectivism.People that argue for the first version of Kant would say that he posited the existence of a trascendental good and justified morality on that ground.The middle ground people say that the process of justification is quite different. Is not that human beings can answer moral questions because there's an ultimate good; if there's an ultimate good, they say, it's because there are humans and that can realize this good in their actions I hope this kind of makes senseThis discussion is really difficult, and my Kant-fu is not enough to explain things more clearly. You should read based Korsgaard's "Aristotle and Kant on the Source of Value"
Genius here. Ask me anything.
/lit/ - Literature
literature is one category under the anything umbrella
tell me why I must reject solipsism
because it's wrong
not good enough
age?
why?
Are you satisfied in being a "genius"?If so why are you playing a 9x9 minesweeper instead of a 999x999 minesweeper board?
/adv/
whats your iq?
muh iq/sci/ please go
If you don't define genius at least partially by something like that, then anyone can just claim the title and it loses all meaning.It's not a real club if everyone's a part of it
Any books where the protagonist is really tall and that interferes with his daily life a lot either tall problems, fugging qts because of this or alienation? In short a book presenting the life of a really tall man.inb4 the tall book by that roastie feminist femgiant
The BFG.
Try the short story by Thomas Wolfe called Gulliver from his book "From Death to Morning"
Not actual giants, just really tall people 6'4"-7'Thanks I'll check it out
Bumping
I shall spit on your grave
why would you want to read about such a banal topic? just to perfect your navel-gazing?
does her shirt mean rave or rape? and in which part of the game is she wearing it? don't remember it, but i didn't have all endings.
I'm really tall and it's a rather big part of my daily life. I'm insecure about it and there's no one I can relate to on that matter.inb4 /r/tallIt's rave probably. Seeing as the heart representing the word love is on the third letter and the third letter of the word love is v. Or something.She doesn't wear it unfortunately, only Vince does. What a masterpiece of a game btw.
what the fuck are you talking about? I'm 6'4" and it has no impact on my daily life. Shut the fuck up.
why don't you just read any novel and pretend the protagonist is really tall?
6'4Try being 6'8".It's clearly not the same.
/lit/ is making me laugh real hard tonight
that drawing styleDick.

Except I'm not a lanket
it says love. it's a japanese game.
There's a YA novel called cosmic about a 12 year old who looks like he's thirty. He pretends to be one of his friend's dad and is suddenly confronted with the responsibility and societal expectations of being an adult.
if you were hot and super tall, could you easily survive entirely off the kindness of others?
first part of gulliver's traveltfw your relatively giant cock will never be able to fit in the lilliput womenbonus feel:tfw glumdalclitch will never put you inside her vagina
I'm pretty decent looking and 6'5" but I'm incurably diffident around people I haven't met more than a few times. I don't see many advantages to my height. Girls I've dated usually seem to like it though.
OP here decent looking like 7/10 so I can only speak for that and no, there are a few social benefits like Chads considering you a dudebrah and not giving you trouble and girls breaking the ice by commenting on your height but that's pretty much it.Though I think there have been some studies that show taller people get paid more but it sounds like BS to me.
Worst girl
implying
cuck
Hey Postmodernists,My name is Dave, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day ironically dismissing this world we live in1. You are everything bad in the first world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any audience pussy or smell cunt in the air? I mean, I guess it’s fun being ironic because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than watching TV and smoking pot.2Don’t be a stranger. Just hit me with your best serve. I’m pretty much perfect. I was captain of the tennis team, and starter on my MFA program3. What sports do you play, other than “jack off to how smart you are and make the reader feel stupid”? I also get straight A’s, and have a smoking hot girlfriend I just cheated on her for some audience pussy; Shit was SO cash. You are all faggots who should just hang yourselves. Sincerely, thanks for listening.Pic Related: It’s me and my bitch1. w/rt everything in life being significant and part of the human experience.2. and but so you should try it sometime.3. UA. The University of Arizona.
top jest
stealing from the other thread
if it's old it's betterWhy do people always have to think this way? It's far too prevalent in discussion here about economics and history. I mean, there's nothing /wrong/ with reading The Wealth of Nations or The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, but they aren't good sources for contemporary discussion as they are just so dated. They come from fields that advance with age, as more knowledge is uncovered they grow for a sounder picture of what they wish to describe. You can read Plato for philosophy, as philosophy doesn't advance, outside of logic and the like, along with the advancement of technology. So please don't try to cite Das Kapital as a source on 21st century issues, it will only fail.
The Art of Manlinesskek
that meme beard and hairstyle
Here's your reply.
You think Edward Gibbon knew more about Rome than modern scholars?
he knew more about Rome than you.
people read the decline and fall of the roman empire for different reasonssame with the wealth of nationseven more so for the wealth of nations, really, as adam smith covers a lot of different topics despite his main intentions concerning economics
I can't grow a beard nor can I have a hitler youth cutI wish I were current but I'm neckbeard
Gibbon shills suck cockGTFO/r9k//lgbt//a//pol/
Nope, I have a PhD in history.muh prosePlebs.
The behaviour of young men today is not what it was when I was young. In those days men hankered after deeds of derring-do, either by going raiding or by winning wealth and honor through exploits in which there was some element of danger. But nowadays young men want to be stay-at-homes, and sit by the fire, and stuff their stomachs with pork and ale; and so it is that manliness and bravery are on the wane.Ketil the Large, Vatnsdaela saga, c. 11th century
manly poser. it's got to be very manly, caveman like. another manly hipster poser with flashy gay little tattoos on his arms.another one of those
has a PhDstill shitpostingYou're living the dream, man.
i'm not talking about the prosewhy would i be talking about the fucking prose?
Nope, I have a PhD in historyI doubt that.
Thought this was OC but wow.
He absolutely did not. Gibbon flirted with the idea of dismissing the existence of the Byzantine Empire as Christian propaganda. He was very nearly willing to disregard the majority of the Roman Empire's history just because he didn't like their religion.
It's because it's hard to judge new things the way we can judge old things.At the very least, old things have proven that they can stand the test of time, whereas something new might have some inherent flaw that we haven't discovered yet.Mind you, the old stuff might have some inherent flaw as well, but the idea is that someone would have found it by now it there was.
That's what everyone likes about Gibbon the gobbler.
except he didn't do that and instead wrote the best known book on the history of Rome that has stood the test of time and is still held in high regard by contemporary historians.is this pasta?
hehe
stood the test of timeOnly the parts that weren't his insane desire to find a matching parallel between the decline of Rome and the decline of the British Empire. Mommsen overtook and surpassed Gibbon long ago as being the most highly-regarded Rome authority in academia.
 I remember you from that thread yesterday where you were shitting on Gibbon. I have to ask did you have an abusive stepdad who beat you with a copy of the decline and fall?
He's not well regarded, nobody uses him anymore because his information was so limited about Rome and he had an obvious agenda.
If a thing is 100 years old i can guess that it will be around for another 100 years. If a thing is 30 years old i can guess it will be around for 30. I can not guess that either will be around for 1000. God knows how old the fucking chair and table are. The merit that is given to these things is that over the course of X years they have not been eliminated from the environment by being replaced by more sophisticated tech, nor have been harmful enough to be rejected and forgotten, nor found to be useless. So age is a positive signaler for sophistication, utility and safety.The point is its a heuristic signal. There are false positives. Just because a thing is old does not mean that it is always good, but things that are bad are cast out when it's appropriate to replace them. The power to make this decision is not owned by analysts or smart men because analysts and smart men is pathetic compared to the experience of the masses and always has been because they cannot guarantee margins of safety, utility and sophistication as well as history.
Gibbon’s methodology was so accurate that, to this day, little can be found to controvert his use of primary sources for evidence. While modern historical methodology has changed, his skill in translation of his sources was impeccable, and contemporary historians still rely on Gibbon as a secondary source to substantiate references. His literary tone is old-fashioned, skeptical, and pessimistic; it mirrors both his own character and the topic under discussion, the gradual decay of a mighty empire.
21st century issuesAccording to Ecclesiastes, there's nothing new under the sun, so...
maybe the plebs herei'm not talking about the prosei could not care less for monkey man's prose, as far as the discussion in this thread is concernedit is an entirely extant work that covers a large swath of history while giving the plebs a sense of satisfaction after having completed itthat, and its size lends it a sort of trustworthiness: surely someone who spent so long a time, writing so many pages, can't be wrongi'm not really arguing that or agreeing with it, don't sperg out like a faggotwhat else of such size is still around? livy's works? polybius's? also, as mentioned here , probably by you, he had an agenda and when people agree with that agenda they're more inclined to hold it up over time as the definitive work on something because of its subversive qualities in this case the anti-christian and byzantine sentiments
Atheist tripe.
the only people who claim to dislike Gibbon are 4chan contrarians. Show me one real academic who dismisses Adam Smith or Gibbon as irrelevant and backs it up with specific examples besides your argument is,they lived along time ago so we must be smarter than them
says anon on the anonymous message boardI guess you've refuted the encyclopedia bub.
Smith used the labour theory of value.
the new world 'encyclopaedia'
Who here /jealous/?I actually had it already because of the electronic nachlass but found a physical copy locked away in a glass shelf at a local bookstore for only 300 goes for around 500 and couldn't help myself.It's not currently in the torrentsphere...
The actual finished work isn't that interesting, so a preliminary version ? No thanks, I'm not planning to get a phD on Wittgenstein yet, and I have no ambition of ahcieving the status of most flaming sperg alive on the internet.
it's not even literary. the fact that you paid 300 for something unfinished that is available on gutenberg for free is just laughable.
All I see is jealousy.
Also by the way the prototype is very different. The book includes two very long introductions, a complete photocopy of the original manuscript, and the original TLP in both original German and English in a dual paged format.It's a pretty big thing for anybody interested in Wittgenstein on a scholastic level.You call call him a faggot and a sperg or whatever but realistically he's probably the most studied philosophy ever. People create whole and multiple institutions to track his work and history. This book is a very rare piece to that history.Also if you think 300 dollars is a lot of money lol kill yourself.
I'll be honest with you OP, I am extremely jealous.
wouldmurderyouandstealit/10
i never said 300 was a lot or called him a faggot or a sperg. you're just assuming all that, because it makes you feel better, just like how i'm assuming you're the biggest dork in real life for seriously buying that.
philosophyYou basically bought a $300 door prop. It's about it's only use.
 realistically he's probably the most studied philosophy everIf by "realistically" you means "as far as 4chan's philosophy studies are concerned" then probably, but it's all languages games anyway.It's always quite strange to see how people on a Piraha figner-counting wildforest university like to overblow the importance of Wittgenstein.
i hated tractus. PI was a lot better. and i don't fetishize books because i'm not a retard.so no
I studied him in grad school. I didn't do a dissertation on him or anything but I very heavily referred back to his work throughout my education. So I don't think resuming that makes me anything of a dork. Just somebody serious about their scholarship.I wasn't talking about /lit/ or whichever board brings up philosophy. Wittgenstein seriously does have the most papers/books written about him/around his subject relative to the fact that he died in only 1954 and not 400 or 2500 years ago.The only philosopher who can compare to him in terms of influence in and throughout the academic spheres is somebody like Derrida, and Derrida only got picked up because of his self-indulgence, he's a hack.Wittgenstein's influence is prevalent.
Maybe because you didn't understand 'tractus'PI was the easier classic. That's why it appealed to you.
1951* I mean
/biz/ here.copy it and sell for profit
I'd rather just short PRAN
thanks captain obvious
Yum.
when i first saw your pic i thought you were just a really fat guy wearing a striped shirt and boxers who put the book on his belly
yeah, i understand. that's actually pretty cool if you're into him. i have dozens of books i'd suck dozens of dicks for to physically obtain.
lol joke's on you Piraha people don't know how to count :P
300 what?
Schwänze
Hi /lit/,Having read Ecce Homo for a philosophy class, I want to dive deeper into N-man's writings. I've read that Schoppie and Kant were major influences on his thought. Which works by these two thinkers would be most essential for laying a groundwork for understanding Nietzsche? Or can I just skim through Stanford phil lol thanks
just skim through Stanford phil
Maybe read Kant's Groundwork for morality or whatever is the exact title.It's not like it's necessary though. If you're just gonna read SEP articles, then read the ones on Socrates and Plato as well.Kant, Schopie, Socrates, and Plato are the 4 main philosophical figures in his texts.You would also do well to read something about 19th century climate, cause many things in Nietzsche are *partially* just repetitions of some stupidities from that era, but otherwise he's marvelous.
Homo lmao
Dostoevsky
ive read C and P and Notes so i have some grounding there
Raskolnikov, in his striving to be a 'Napoleon', basically preempts Nietzsche's Superman.Also, Dostoevsky was one of the few authors Nietzsche viewed as worth reading.
I recommend Kant´s Critique of Practical Reason, most of Nietszche´s critics are against Kant´s Ethics and the concept of duty. Though, I personallay recommend that you have a grasp on Kant´s first Critique to read this. Also, I recommend the first to books of the first volume of The World as Will and Representation by Schopenhauer.
I meant "the first two books"*, sorry.
Also this, nevermind the start with the greeks meme, but to have a good understanding of Nietzsche´s philosophy you need, at least, average knowledge of the Greek´s culture including philosophy, politics, and literature.
Ironically, Raskolinkoff is Dostoevsky's fiercest criticism Nietzschean Ubermensch, this is especially evident during Raskolnikoff's sleep in penal colony.
Indeed.Raskolnikov never goes completely 'beyond' though.
Here is a fast and easy way to into Nietzsche. Ignore Schopenhauer and Kant for now. Watch the lecture series I posted below while you wait for your copy of Basic Writings of Nietzsche translated by Walter Kaufmann to arrive in the mail. Read the Genealogy of Morals. The lecture series is based around it.
I'm currently reading Walter Kaufmann's book & it gets my recommend so far. He's a little belaboured on the not-a-nazi angle, but then he was the first authority to clearly argue this post WWII.
As in Nietzsche: Philosopher, Psychologist, Antichrist?
Great link to the vids! Incidentally there's a poor quality recording of one of Kaufmann's lectures floating around the interwebs that's also good.
Schopenhauer's essays have similar themes, although the influence goes deeper. Really, though, you should just read them because they're good.
Yeah that's the one. I've also got 'Nietzsche' by Stefan Zweig lined up to read after. It's meant to focus a bit more on Nietzsche the man, so I hope will compliment the Kaufmann. It's also a fuck load shorter!
Yeah, do want to read the Kaufmann
Thanks!
Thanks m80
Has anyone bought this edition of Ulysses? Is it good?
It's better than good. It's gooder.I don't know what sort of answer you're expecting, here, but I guess this thread is in league with the hundreds of other "/lit/, I about do thing, need someone hold my hand, plz" HORSESHIT threads.
The movie is superior. The book was beatnik garbage.
Jack Offlson is the only reason the movie stayed afloat.
The book was beatnik garbage.thinks Ken Kesey was a beat.keep posting OP
you're beatnik garbage
I posted my dick in your mom's vagina.
keep posting OPtell us how Nabokov was a beatmy sides!
Did you read it before you saw the film, or the other way around?
Most people read it in school...
Is he right, /lit/?
I just used Tai's method to read Finnegans Wake. I had tried to read that books several times without success. Now I'm able to read it in about ten minutes. I was actually a lot of fun. Maybe even more fun than driving my lambo around the Hollywood hills. Knowledge, after all, is far more important than material things. Anyway, that's my opinion.
thank you basd Tai!
lol his secret tip to reading really fast is "don't actually read"fucking amazing man
it really speeds things up! dudes a fucking genius
yfw it actually worksyfw you finally read In Search of Lost Time and it only takes 10 mins
Can someone sum it up? I don't want to give this faget any more views.
did you read the whole thing in 10 mins. I did 10 minutes per part, so 10 minutes for Swann's Way, etc. Took me a little over an hour to finish.Did I fuck up?
I'm confused, should Zettels Traum take 10 or 30 minutes?
instead of spending hours reading a book, you just spend like 10 minutes instead
Le patrician namedrop a book I can't read Cool
Why can't you read it?
Someone in the comments summed it up:Here, let me save you 10 minutes by doing what this guy just taught me!1. theres only one or two good things in a book, find and understand those2. dont read books cover to cover.3. lightly skim the book through table of contents to get an idea4. skim a bit deeper into the chapters looking at the first few sentences/ paragraphs5. if you dont get it, dont worry, you're reprogramming your brain to this new method, and you can go back to itBasically, don't actually read the book.
This sounds like a great idea if you only want to amass a collection of Facebook-tier platitudes, rather than understand any complex ideasI guess that's what normalfags think knowledge is all about, though
why so resentful anon? where's that "attitude of gratitude"? remember, it's like the billionaire Jimmy Buffett said, "the more you learn, the more you earn." You change your latitude and you can change your attitude. You just have to find that latitude of "attitude of gratitude" platitudes, and you'll be cruising the Hollywood Hills in no time bro.
Sometimes. And sometimes you wind up broke with a collection of self-help books.
Even if that's true, a book as fucking banal as Stephen Covey's 7 Habits is still pretty useless if you only read the bullet points and don't take the time to understand and internalize his system.I seriously hate this video and this guy and this dumb bourgeois need for shortcuts to success
That "entrepreneurial" attitude is limiting as fuck. I don't want to live that way, I'd honestly rather be a loser in this big competition of who turns himself into a more productive and efficient enterprise.
Can someone just summarise this video. All these fucking clips he throws in are triggering my PTSD
That's retarded but it makes sense if he's talking about self help books since those are worthless overall and reading them cover to cover would be a waste of time.
I foresee that your dream of becoming a loser will come true anon . . . and sooner than you think!
I was only half joking. I actually buy into a lot of that stuff. I think Tai Lopez if fairly full of shit though, so I like making fun of him. I mean, there are better ways to spend 10 mins than skimming a book and having 2000+ hard copy books on bookshelves in your garage.for example, I could spend 10 mins shitposting on /lit/ when I should be working.
No, I'm already a loser and I absolutely want to stay a loser from the point of view of entrepreneurial competition. But I'm not even playing the game so I'm not part of it.
This killed me 10/10 post
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take brah. If you had taken 10 minutes to read Wayne Gretzky's book you'd already know that.
lol this is a good post. more of this please /lit/
the irony is that he goes on and on about how summaries are all you need and how books have only one good idea but a bunch of filler, yet his own 10 minute video can be summarized in a couple of sentences
HERE IN MY GARAGEJUST BOUGHT THIS NEW LAMBOURGHINI
Yeah he should have talked about The Fault in Our Stars or Divergent amiriteDrown yourself
pfft
Read summariesRead just the table of contents and introduction word for wordThe first chapter is the most importantRead self-help booksSkim it multiple times to get "different knowledge" each timeHas he ever read a book in his life
His big idea is to basically read wikipedia summaries?
It's that fucking faggot with the lambo in his garage on those youtube ads fuck that guy
MY NEW LAMBORGHINI HERE
ponyshitMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDSSSS
Fuck he's annoying! This is just PADDPretentious Attention Deficit Disorder.
THE LAMBORGHINI IS NOT TO SHOW OFF, IT'S THERE AS A REMINDER
The worst part about this guys ads is that google thought it was a good idea to match us all up with them based on our amazon search history
good, you're learning anon

Probably no, I mean if he came up with this method and actually believes it´s efficient... I don´t think so.
This guy is an utter buffoon.tfw he gets views, prescriptions and money for spouting out complete shitIt's a travesty
char·la·tanˈSHärlədən,ˈSHärlətn/nouna person falsely claiming to have a special knowledge or skill; a fraud.
bigger mythreadingJust look at Floyd Mayweather! He can't even read and is worth $400 million! Checkmate book reader people
Agreed, this seems like a poor method to digest actual thought provoking literature though.
So basically you read the books the same way you read books in Fallout? Just buy fifty copies of the same science book and you can get infinite science knowledge by staring at one, burning it, and repeating the process with the other forty nine books?
He's a monolingual pleb, you fucking dullards
yes he is right, I get all the wisdom I need from fortune cookies
Reductionist bullshit.
How many of you have actually read this book? Taken as the YA book it is, what did you think of it?Insecure pretentious "patricians" please go.
I read it and found it thoroughly unbearable, to be honest. All memes aside, it's extremely corny/cheesy and he's a poor writer. The prose was boring as you'd expect and the devices are cliche or pretentious or just plain bad. You can't complain about the plot because it's YA after all.All around wholly disinteresting and there's no real reason for a grown man with a passion for literature to be reading it. I don't get the obsession with John Green and shitting on him.
taking the book as a cancerous plague on the literature industry, what did you think of it?Women 13-17 being the target demographic isn't an excuse for it to be trash.
I actually didn't read all of it. The writing was really safe and lifeless and pandering to his youtube demographic. What really made me drop it was the plot, I very quickly figured out how it would play out and that it was A Walk to Remember rip-off about booknerds. Super disappointing actually since I was a huge fan of him on youtube.
I haven't read this, but I've read other Green books and they seem to all have the same basic story wrapped up in different and random plot devices. Would you say it's the same for this?
I've read bits and pieces of free samples on the net. It's some cringe inducing shit. The snarky Joss Whedon dialog, the use of capslock to emphasize certain words, the melodrama. It's unreadable.
reddit plz go
After that awful thing was called his best work, I never touched another Green book.
tfw Don Draper is simply an American capitalistic version of Siddhartha
How so? He's not at all calmly observant.
tfw Walter White is simply a deranged version of Gandhi
It's not, he returns to work and makes that fucking coke ad.
he understands the one-ness of humanity: and how coca cola is the high-fructose Atman that sticks it all together
ThisMM's ending is one of the most subtly depressing things in the history of television
he is calmly observant: he *gets* people, and what they want.he's an artist, and advertising is his creative medium. He's self-actualized, and understands that being an ad-man is what he is. he is indifferent about the people, as Siddhartha is especially in business, allowing them to make their own choices and forge their own path. its simply his path to create these ads.
lol underrated postI know that Weiner himself said it wasn't supposed to be horribly cynical and depressing, but there's no way I can't read it that way. The end of the show is Don figuring out how to commodify this shit and sell it back to the people who taught it to him. Dark, tragic, and funny.
see, Don has always been so detached from the viewers of the ads I'm not even sure means it that way. It's nothing more than art to him, a way to express his own angst and desires through fetishizing products. He cheapens the emotions he wants to feel love, happiness, etc. by pairing them with inanimate objects. I think that finally changes with Coke. But I'm definitely aware I'm looking at it through 4-MeI tinted glasses
I am currently on season 3, episode 5. It is very lonely because everybody else has finished the show. I think a lot of Don's attributes are one I would like to emulate, although he is an alcoholic. I also feel that he wouldn't get away with much of what he does were he not so attractive.
tfw very poorly read young people actually enjoy the works of Herman Hessewhy are there so many young people on this site?
because they're either fresh out of high school where they read hesse or they're still in high school and currently reading hessethey enjoy siddhartha because it is thematically simple and easy to graspit is also easy to relate to the title character because all everyone else is a caricature
INDEEDDon Draper is a stupid baby who has never reflected upon his life.this is why he has some difficulties to write whatever stuff Roger ordered him to write. This is why he asks Peggy about her dreams, which are pitiful to whomever has stepped back a little from any social alienation to think a few minutes on their existences.but no, Don is the cliché of the 40 something who never took 5 minutes to do this basic task.And if he did, there would be no tv show dragged over 8 fucking years over hot air...Mad men is a show about some stupid adolescent in a body of a 40 yo man supossedly handsome toinsert the cliché of vapid sex who prefers to hang on to a retarded past due to a lack of refleciton. Literally, the writters have cherry pick a phony situation to avoid any thinking and creativity.
It is very lonely because everybody else has finished the show.lel, at least you avoid all the hysteria attached to trendy topic.I also feel that he wouldn't get away with much of what he does were he not so attractive.attractive to the women
Steppenwolf was one of the shittiest pieces of trash I've ever read.Absolute trash.
let me, a neckbeard who barely graduated high school and flunked out of community college tell you why the greatest written show of our time is actually pleb shitTOP KEK
greatest-writtennot Sopranos
sopranos not GoT
You have 'GoT' to be kidding meFeel free to use that one GRRM!
it is a poor bait, but anywaythe dialogues are mostly mediocre, sometimes average.the story is weak, cliché and uninteresting
I bet you watch BBT
god no
Thoughts on this book? Seems like a really weird but fascinating book
Rait Ved? What does that mean? And why does it say gym/jim at the bottom left?
it's called The Rat Veda
You just ended both of your two sentences with the same word.Why do you people do this to me?
Which Enoch Powell Biography do you recommend, /lit/?
Is this actually a good novel or European trash pulp?
I don't know, but the movie was breddy gud.
This. Swedes are the true masters of trash pulp tho.
Hey /lit/izens, /fit/izen here. I got surgery and can't lift for two weeks and need to do something more productive than lurking grindr and shitposting. Any nonfiction book recommendations, preferably history or economics.
It all depends on how pleb you arewrite your favourite books and how informed you think you are
Is that will smith?
read ze sticky. read the sticky. reed thee stikie.
Charles Taylor, Sources of the Self
grindrI knew all you /fit/ards were faggots.
got any cbt pics
Read that "What is intelligence? Memory" book. I think it is something about memory.
I really want to read Taylor sometime but I'm way too underread.
Favorite books off the top of my head. pls no bully. Fiction recommendations are fine too. nonfictionThe Soviet TragedyThe Way of MenThe Selfish GeneThe HistoriesOn Human NatureAmerican SoldiersThe Human ZooThus Spoke ZarathustraCosmosfictionAmerican PsychoLes MiserablesBlood MeridianA Song of Ice and FireRendezvous with RamaThe Gods Themselves
It's not gay if you fuck a twink
Sources of the self is actually very accessible
yeah, here's me after a bulk.
Charles Taylor, Sources of the Selflooks interesting. thanks m9
Read some of the Stoics and stop being a generate fag. It'll be good for you.
lol at every precocious newreader who thinks that he has some sensibility now that he's read a few stoics.you tell 'em, killer.
Phillipe Legrain, Open World. - economics
Thus Spoke ZarathustranonfictionLolkay
Read Discourses of Epictetus, you seem to like moral guidingMontaigne Essays are good tooYou could try reading Stirner - the ego and his own so you become a /lit/ shitposter. You will start lurking here after it.
Hey, come now dude. Stoicism is the philosophical path to a world without gays, trannies and all the other freaks.We should all be shouting it from the roofs.
Fuck you
thanks. will look into those. I'm more of a sciencefag and feel that I have a giant gap in my knowledge.
For dry history material:Empires in world history - Burbank & CooperDark Continent: Europe's 20th century - Mazower
You sure showed him anon
/pol/ kids are always such mediocre readers.no ear for nuance and no heart for pathos.just a bunch of boorish ideologues.
It's not nonfiction, but all /fit/izens are obligated to read Mishima.
where to start?
Getting that klinefelters removed in your surgery? Hope all goes well friend.
The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich should keep you plenty busy
The Conquest of Bread by Peter Kropotkin. It's a great introduction to Anarchist Communism.
The Soviet TragedyPropaganda.
How can that be Will Smith if black people don't exist?
Why is philosophy important, /lit/?pic unrelated
philosophyI think that pic is absolutely related.
why do you spam the board with the same topic everyday ?
It's not me doing it, and I didn't know that was an issue. I just want to know why philosophy is important to our culture and development.
my mom told me philosophy is for fags
It's not
Define philosophy
the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence, especially when considered as an academic discipline.
Important to what?
By defining the limits of humanity don't you think it would be easier to attain those limits
How would you go about defining the limits of humanity without reaching them first?Important to our culture, our future, our development. How?
By this magical thing called IMAGINATION
I know pic is unrelated, but what the actual fuck am I looking at here?
But then they would be imaginary limits.
ethicsThe decisions one makes regarding good and bad is based off of their ethical philosophy. Would that not mean one furnished with philosophy would be a better person, since they can adhere to it?aestheticsGives a language to art in that which can be said of it, thereby offering a different, and to most, a better experience.epistemology One learns what to trust, and in what degrees. It's the study of what we do the most: think. How could that not be useful?metaphysicsAside from it's impact on all other branches, this is useless but asks the biggest baddest questions and is the most fun branch.
Yugi and Naruto passionately in embrace. I found it looking for a picture of Naruto as a giant flying dick monster.
Looks like an MS Paint drawing of Naruto french kissing Yugi. Probably from a fanfiction or something.
Until tested -.-
but how would you know if the results will be definitive
It's not.
The main character is a femaletop fucking kekDROPPED
while you're at it, don't bother picking up Crying Lot of 49 or Vineland, idiot.
why, are those books starring broads as well? In that case thanks for the tip bro
What is the most literary magazine you have ever read?
Vice. I know I can do better.
Southern patrician coming through.
I like NYRB
Nintendo Power
I read an issue of Le Magazine Littéraire once.I guess you can't get any closer to "most literary magazine".
new criterion

I do find myself reading a lot of their stuff. I just have to occasionally skip all the "It's hard to be a trans athlete!" and dumb shit like that.I think Shane Smith heads the company well for the most part, but in always trying to appeal to the most contemporary audiences, a lot of drivel is shoehorned in about drugs and sexuality that only a 16 year old would find edgy and enlightening
New Yorker is shit
pic unrelated I assume?Laphams quarterly is literary
Nice. What college do you go to?
Emory
how?
WRITING PROMPTSPrivacy no longer exists. What is the world like?GO
Everyone is dead, and thus concepts such as "privacy" have no reference.
pretty much like it is right now.implying privacy isn't a spook
Everything is all and well. The absence of privacy is unimpeded freedom and self assurance.
an anon gets dubs on a literature board. What is the world like?
We are reeling from the amount of masturbation we are aware of. We want some things to become private again because we as observers do not like the elimination of privacy. Privacy serves both observing and acting parties.
People the world over are suddenly seeing astounding amounts of dick whereas our dear OP is seeing about the same amount he's always seen.
every time someone achieves an orgasm, a random person on the planet has a heart attackbook culminate in a fapping duel between the two last people on earth
HACKACK
Cupid: "Huh, that's weird... I've never missed before."
Like being in public all the time. Assuming it's not like 1984 and you won't be vaporized for unorthodoxy, you can still do whatever you want, but at the price of social stigma.
randomIt's random, then you have a fifty fifty chance of offing yourself in that situation. It would be stupid to orgasm if you were one of the only two people on earth.
Does subterfuge fall under the broad concept of privacy? Is this like a thing where you have to tell people everything up front, or only if they ask about it?
ITT we post and endorse novels that we never see spoken about on /lit/ that are Really Fucking Brilliant and should at least be sub-/lit/core.
reported for viral marketing of a Ron Howard movie the most sinful of all viral marketing sins
It's being adapted into a film??? This I will have to see... in IMAX 3-D at premium pricing at a theatre near you!!!
underrated author
OP here, I'm from Dublin. Never heard of this novel before, what's it about?
Do you know what a novel is?
read a short story collection of his. they were alright if too provincial.
Cape Breton, old world roots, family, working class struggle. "all of us are better when we're loved" It's better than I make it sound.I agree and i think that's a thing with a lot of Canadian authors. Writing local has been a big deal since before green gables.
This book isn't necessarily brilliant but it's a pretty fascinating piece of early symbolist science fiction and definitely deserves to be within the canon of that genre.
I keep hearing about how it has a cult following, but other than it appearing on the exit-level books list, I never see it talked about here at all.
, 
Reminder that the extinction event is inevitable and that the antinatalists have already won.
It is unfortunate that antinatalists lack the constitution for suicide, seeing as how they literally get their philosophy from a TV show which led them to a work of "philosophy" penned by a horror author.
Read the book nigger
If I wanted to be a nihilist, I'd at least be a Christian.
antinatalismnihilismpick one
can't fucking wait tbh
it will take a long time for the sun to run out
It certainly is in the Nietzschean sense, in that it places a negative value on the world.
In the Nietzschean sense it is tbh.Buddhism is probably the ultimate nihilist cult by those standards.
He's just a negative nancy. His fiction is fine for what it is but I wouldn't take any of his philosophy seriously
But an extinction event is something that cannot be chosen. It has nothing to do with spergy antinatalists.
and before it does it'll increase in luminosity and cook the oceans off the earth, anyway
Natalist argumentI don't like it and if you think it makes sense you're edgy.prove the objective sanctity of life or get out.
In a Nietzschean sense everything is wrong
Life-affirmation being "objectively" right goes against the very foundation of life-affirmation. It is only the nihilists who seek values to be imposed on them externally, through "objectivity" because they are too weak to create their own.
beware, having children can positively bring you pain and bring pain to the world while you delude yourself because of the opinion of others about your choice.hide natalism feel good propagandaignore advice from fathersdo not reply to natalist posters
create your own valuesstill believing you can do thisdo you even phenomenology
Man out of all the possible existential crises one can go through antinatalism definitely attracts the biggest betas.It's like the perfect bellwether for spotting the biggest betas in any given thread. So I guess even antinatalism has its uses.
while you delude yourself because of the opinion of others about your choice.i prefer being 30 with big ass money and time rather than being 30 with a big ass fat landwhale because pregnancy lel and hormones with a child and working a job all day
The term is derived from the Middle English bellewether and refers to the practice of placing a bell around the neck of a castrated ram a wether leading his flock of sheep. Amusingly relevant.
I didn't realize we were talking in Nietzschean terms, seeing as how Nietzsche wasn't mentioned at all before this comment, you worthless waste of a namefag.
It's all subjective manYou're hilarious. please post one more.
the conspiracy against the human raceabsolute fucking garbage.suffering isn't an end, as much as happiness is, and both are fucking arbitrary. just because suffering is fairly universally avoided doesn't make it a strong basis for your shit philosophy.wah wah! fuck you! i don't care about your whiny cosmic borefest presupposing a completely worthless and arbitrary philosophy of boohooing. go fucking kill yourself. seriously, you would be doing ligotti and every other philtrumless fag to jerk off to that book a great service.happiness is desirable, therefore blah blah! fuck you! desire is desirable, and guess fucking what? we all desire different shit. stop pushing your lousy excuse for an unfulfilled life onto me.don't recommend reading or taking any of it seriously. the bits diving into nihilism are fine, but that's it. you can't just fucking reverse with a 'avoiding suffering is the...' blah blah i don't even care at this point. god, i fucking hate ligotti
Pretty much thisEverybody's trying to get better so that they can die foreverIt's noble in a way, to seek oblivion through self improvement.
You seem very upset.
Reading this next. What should I expect?
Boredom
The myths all being told in basic but good enough for the purpose prose. Decent for reference; primary sources are a lot more enjoyable.
A great introduction chapterJust keep in mind it's a reference text so reading myth after myth can get taxing.
a great summary of important Greek myths. It gives its sources so if want to read more extensive versions of the story you can. Basically its a gateway into learning about the greeks. It would be great to have if you were a greekbo
What should I expect?fuck off with these threads you retard
I liked it. Concise and fluid prose. The downside is that Hamilton is family-friendly, even to the point of disparaging Homer's violence, which is retarded. Also, she's a typical Hellenophile where she dresses classical Greece up as the most perfectest society ever, kind of like Donald Kagan. But it's still a good book.
Are you in high school?
If he is, I'm glad to see a high school is making student read quality lit
how about you read it and find out, you fucking faggot?
Fair enough. I only watched the introduction to the course but didn't continue watching because of his idealization of classical Greece, which perhaps is exclusive to the intro and a case of him trying to sell the course more than anything else.
Hey, any reason why this is the "official" Greek myth book in the /lit/ starter pack? Why not Robert Graves' Greek Myths?
It's the only book by a woman that /lit/ universally likes. shhhh
It's the only good book written by a woman because everything in there are wives tales from then.
fuck off.
primary sourcesI've been calling the B&C Museum in Athens, but they keep saying it would endanger the tablets. 'N' I'm like, They're made of stone you guys, I won't rip them omg! How did you get a hold of em?
I stole my copy from my high school. 16 years ago apparently. I'm old.
Be me Invest all my PPP in rare pepes and tendiesGreat mummy uprising of 2015 makes my PPP worthlessPepe crash makes my portfolio implode upon itself like a free cake add on tumblrDecide to be a good girl write a book that chronicles my life and my journey. It is dubbed "28 Hues of Reeeeeee"mfw Amazon accepts it for publishing and it comes up under related results for 50 shades of gray and autism self help bookstfw thinking of it being in the top seller listings of Amazon
 Amazon accepts it for publishingThat's just any book with the right formatting. You could publish all of 4chan's discussions and if it's spaced correctly, they'll 'accept' it.Good luuuuuuuck
Come on, Reddit. You skitter back over to your native website and we'll be here when you turn 18, alright?

Almost true, but if it's "public domain" you might have a bit more trouble.
Implying the problem with reddit is age. Being spooked
But let`s go back: the problem with the other origin of the "good," of the good as the man of resentment has imagined it for himself, demands some conclusion. That lambs are annoyed at the great predatory birds is not a strange thing, and it provides no reason for holding anything against these large birds of prey, because they snatch away small lambs. And if the lambs say among themselves "These predatory birds are evil - and whoever is least like a predatory bird - and especially who is like its opposite, a lamb - shouldn`t that animal be good?" there is nothing to find fault with in this setting up of an ideal, except for the fact that the birds of prey might look down with a little mockery and perhaps say to themselves "We are not at all annoyed with these good lambs - we even love them. Nothing is tastier than a tender lamb."To demand that strength does not express itself as strength, that it must not consist of a will to overpower, a will to throw down, a will to rule, a thirst for enemies and opposition and triumph - that is as unreasonable as to demand that weakness express itself as strength. A quantum of force is just such a quantum of drive, will, action - indeed, it is nothing but these drives, willing, and actions in themselves - and it cannot appear as anything else except through the seduction of language and the fundamental errors of reason petrified in it, which understands and misunderstands all action as conditioned by something which causes actions, by a "Subject."When the oppressed, the downtrodden, the conquered say to each other, with the vengeful cunning of the powerless, "Let us be different from evil people, namely, good! And that man is good who does not overpower, who hurts no one, who does not attack, who does not retaliate, who hands revenge over to God, who keeps himself hidden, as we do, who avoids all evil and demands little from life in general - like us, the patient, humble, and upright" - what that amounts to, coolly expressed and without bias, is essentially nothing more than "We weak people are merely weak. It`s good if we do nothing, because we`re not strong enough."Is he right /lit/?
"Just eat your breakfast Hazel" her father replied.
Asked about novelist John Green, who took his own life in 2008, but who has a new book out, “Crash Course: Postmoderism,” put together from manuscript chapters and files found in his computer, David Foster Wallace says, “You know, I don’t want to be offensive. But ‘The Fault in Our Stars’ [regarded by many as Green’s masterpiece] is just awful. It seems ridiculous to have to say it. He can’t think, he can’t write. There’s no discernible talent.”I don't always agree with DFW, but he's pretty spot on here.
class="quote"dfw john green loves dfw and probably browses /lit/
Why did you post John Green beside a Nietzsche quote?You thought we hadn't read beyond good and evil?
hahaha ur too smart for OP eggs Dee :DDD
I feel as though DFW would actually be vicious to Green. "the smell of cunt in the air"liking someone who makes 15 minutes videos of fedora tipping *m'lady*
"If there's a tuba there it's not a party."This guy is a genius and y'all are butthurt because he's raking in the money.
You thought we hadn't read beyond good and evil?It's from genealogy of morals. I feel confident most of /lit/ hasn't read it.
I think John Green would let David fuck his wife
I don't think David's the kind of guy who'd ask for permission.
Top cuck
nice
Nothing is tastier than a tender lamb."Nope, cherios are better tbh
This book really did not need all that ONAN bullshit,
mfw the book has more than 500 pages
*looks at book* you're a big guy
mfw my book has more than 500 pages
That's the joke.
the book comes in 4 volumes, each volume being more than 500 pages
book has over 500 pagesit is the first book in a set of 7 volumesmfw
300+ is too much for meshort stories 4 lyfe
it is the first book in a set of 7 volumesset of 7 volumessetvolumes7Confirmed for shit book.
each book has the double number of pages of each previous book
For you
That's a great autoportrait
Did it paint itself?
Book 1 ends in a cliffhangerThere isn't a book 2
 there actually is book 2 there is even book 3 but they are lost
You called?
book ends mid sentencesecond book burned by author before he dies
Nice one Gogol, nice one.
yfw nobody is ever going to read your book
book is less than 200 pages£10.99
I will read it, anon, I promise.
In April 1848 Gogol returned to Russia from a pilgrimage to Jerusalem and passed his last years in restless movement throughout the country. While visiting the capitals, he stayed with friends such as Mikhail Pogodin and Sergei Aksakov. During this period, he also spent much time with his old Ukrainian friends, Maksymovych and Osyp Bodiansky. He intensified his relationship with a starets or spiritual elder, Matvey Konstantinovsky, whom he had known for several years. Konstantinovsky seems to have strengthened in Gogol the fear of perdition by insisting on the sinfulness of all his imaginative work. Exaggerated ascetic practices undermined his health and he fell into a state of deep depression. On the night of 24 February 1852 he burned some of his manuscripts, which contained most of the second part of Dead Souls. He explained this as a mistake, a practical joke played on him by the Devil. Soon thereafter, he took to bed, refused all food, and died in great pain nine days later. Wikipedia 2015that's horrible
no, the gunslinger is like 300 pages
the first book from 27 volumes, has more than 800 pages
The whole series has 40 booksI know people say Pratchett is based, however when I start a series I read until the end of it. 40 books is way too much, IMO.
"book" is less than 100 pages
What is a novella?
It's barely a series, more like a bunch of story lines that are only tangentially connected. I get that feeling though, I've only read one of the smaller arcs and one of the standalone novels.
Thank you for the pic. If I ever read Discworld, I'll use it.
oh shit that hit close to home.mfw a book is over a thousand pages and still incomplete.
Yeah, but the entirety of the series is 4,250 pages.
mfw Infinite Jest
B A S E D G O G O L
does it make me an elitist if i only read books over 400 pages because anything less than that is for terrible pleb shit?
pretty good joke by the devil though
wth are the dorms that bigthis is a literal child's logic
spans of 20-30 pages with 1-5 lines per pageI get what you're trying to do Danielewski, but the gimmick is getting old now.
I already read it
the first book i read that was that long was a biography of richard yates.I'm now obsessed with all of his books mfw this is my first post on lit
What can I do to learn to read Italian?I'm already pretty decent at English and my native tongue is Spanish.
native tongue is SpanishThey're basically the same language. You should be pretty competent after a couple of months.
Am I psychopathic if I agree with Stirner?
yes.
you are deluded, you say you have control about your desires and at the same time you shitpost without control and post threads because you want validation
controlWhat if I'm just recognising my lack of control? Like reading a book about exercise.
to the egoist, it's impossible to not be in control... yeah, try again, m8y
You haven't read Stirner.
So how's the progress on your first book?What's the synopsis of your idea? What's your influence behind the book - what authors do you think have rubbed off in your own writing?
Tarantino and sam hyde, it's about man vs retail
Steadily grinding to a screeching halt every passing day. I think I'll have to lay it off for a while.Blair Witch Project meets /x/ meets Tao Lin meets Baudrillard meets I like shiny lights and hypnagogic pop.McCarthy / Lin / alt lit generalThey Live, now with edge, dirty jokes and blud?
Nope!
Mines about a blind guy who don't blind no more.
Finished.The most detailed synopsis I'll post on /lit/:Some dude diesStuff happens to people as an indirect result of itMy biggest influences at the time were Nabokov, Pinecone, and John Hawkes.
I begun writing about a girl I liked in college and it's turned into an abstract metaphor filled exploration of depression amongst males, oedipus complexes and flawed personalities.Think The Bell Jar but re-written by Thomas Pynchon, focusing on a man instead of a woman.Pynchon is an obvious influence, but I also think Dostoevsky's articulation and exploration of misanthropy is working its way into here too.
How long do people think their works are going to be?I want to write a debut that's short, maybe just under 100 pages. Then people can read it quickly and if it's liked, it could possibly be shared around as swiftly as it was read.
It's about an atheist priest who starts believing he's god after a while. It's a critique/satire about modern religion and politics in my country. The book deals with themes like isolation, social phobia and insanity.Tolstoy and Dostoevsky are my main influences, but there are some really great Brazilian realists I like to base my work on.
I kind of feel the same, even though I'm aiming for a somewhat bigger word count - 50k maybe, even 40. I have no idea.
hypnagogic pop.Interesting you associate a particular genre with your intended writing style; sometimes I think I'd like to capture the ethos of Boards of Canada in my writing. Slint's Spiderland is another music related source of inspiration for me.
Influenced heavily by F Scott Fitzgerald. Aiming for a 65k word count.
Shitty synopsis cause I haven't worked it all out yetSet amidst the throbbing excess of the 1980's, a high school dropout turned pornstar loses himself in the seedy underbelly of Los Angeles. Owing a large sum to his drug dealer/club funder, he has to repay his debts by starring in obscene pictures - from reprehensible fetishes to snuff. Bret Easton Ellis, Jay McInerny, plebs for /lit/ I guess
Funny that you should mention that - The Campfire headphase is one of the albums I have in my rotation when I write. How do you try and capture that?
this thread, manfuck your heroesfuck forcing 'important' themesfuck trying to be like pynchon or anybody elseself-impressed teens and 20-somethings need to cool it on the pynchon. they use it as a shorthand to say "i'm a super intelligent guy. look at me." and the editors who have to read your shit for a living hate you for it."Find your own voice" is cliche as hell, but you NEED to do that shit. All your favorite writers became your favorite writers because they developed their unique styles and interests. It sounds like most of you are just reading "How to be a Very Serious Male English major: For Dummies."
well, whatever i write will be as anti-pomo as literarily possible.
Most writers are influenced by writers before them.
being this stupid
Sounds a little like something Palahniuk would write tooIt's not like I'm trying to imitate Pynchon, honestly. I really enjoy his use of metaphor and I don't think my metaphors would be as abstract as his, but reading his work feels like a main motivation for myself to explore the extent in which I can take a metaphor. I really only mention Pynchon because of his metaphor usage. I don't believe I'm going to write something as esoteric as GR.
Oh yeah palahniuk too although I've only read Choke.
How effective is self-publishing work via Amazon? I ask those who have already done it. Seeing that the majority of the competition seems written by dyslexic teens, surely good work would rise to the top, right?
How do you try and capture that?I'm not sure if I do. Campfire Headphase is my favorite BOC album though; the LP's album sleeves have these hazy images that look like something lifted from a family's family vacation home-video in the 70s but with the faces obscured. I think that is the feeling I want to capture: reminiscing on one's childhood in to abscond from the present, to retain what time has eroded, yet not being able to return there. That is at least what I hear from BOC's Campfire, although their other albums evoke different feelings.
surely good work would rise to the top, right?yeah? - ever heard of the expression, 'shit floats..'?
Have you ever thought to yourself, "Man, I'd really like to read some book that some guy wrote and self-published on Amazon?" Nobody else has, either.The few self-published works that got popular usually latched to some forum community or other and later spread through word of mouth. There is no hope.
palahniuklol yeah be careful b/c i'm pretty sure he trolls /lit/ for edgy novel ideas at this point. it's been 19 years, and he's written 17 books. watch out for fight club 2!!
I'd love to read something like that, honestly. I'm a sucker for nostalgia that's doomed to fail, for the cartography of the past. That's why Gummo is my favourite movie.
Point taken. If I think my writing's good enough, I should try approaching a publisher and ask for feedback then?
lmao palahniuk is that you?
I'm curious about this as well.
no don't be insulting :
Totally in concept stage. Science fiction with heavy emphasis on cybernetics and body augmentation, not cyberpunk but more transhumanist stuff. Gonna try for hard science fiction with only a very light bit of science fantasy.The main character is some former captain of industry who intentionally dropped off the public radar a few decades prior, but still has a lot of pull and influence to throw around if he wants to do so. He also happens to be the most altered human alive, to the point where he doesn't even bother to look human anymore.He makes a rare public appearance and shit happens, standard coincidental bullshit that pulls apathetic individuals into the role of protagonist.That's about it right now, trying to figure out how the major conflict is gonna change and evolve and how to keep my apathetic protagonist involved in everything without it being contrived.Fuck that noise. I want this to be a great american novel, so I'm not afraid of a big word count. It will probably never happen, but aim big man. I would rather reach too far and fail than not reach far enough and be disappointed in myself.
I'm about 30% done on the newest draft of the first volume after having almost finished it once before I threw it all away, which might keep happening. I've thought of a way to pack what I have so far in as a short novel though so I'm probably mailing it to a publisher next week.It's very recognizable so I don't want to say much, but it's like a fragmented, very varied catalog of the horrors of the universe culminating in an exasperated acceptance of Christianity or at least some higher power.Important influences are Dostoyevsky !, Emily Brontë, Marcel Proust, Wittgenstein, Joyce, Kierkegaard, Yukio Mishima, Karl Ove Knausgaard, Thomas Mann. Some important non-literary are Hideo Kojima and Florence Welch. Pleb, you may say, but undeniable.Fingers crossed.
Fair play, man, I like your optimism
I have a million ideas that zip and dance in my head all day, everyday. Just not when i actually commit to sitting down and writing anything. I want to write. It aches in my brain when i don't. Where do you go after you've decided you want to write something, lit?
Ugh, I started a book about a new sincerity retelling of a greek type myth but gave up 20 pages in.
Thought about writing a satire of nihilism with an emperor/empress who exhibits Nietzsche's ideas. Honestly seems good if it can be done as a dark satire, but it's looking pretty grim at this point :
Invent a premiseInvent major charactersInvent plotInvent conflict to advance the plotCreate an outline to figure out how to bring these things together, nothing detailed but something to get it on paper so you can look at itStart writing a bit to get a feel for tone and mood as well as how you want to utilize the characters, don't worry too much about the exact language and grammar and stuff. This is just a rough draft so the point is for it to be written, not be perfectGo back to the outline and amend it appropriately based on what you learned, be more detailed this timeStart from the beginning, use your first rough draft as a basis, never throw anything away if you can help itIf you get stuck either go back to the outline and see what you can tweak to make it right or just try to power through it until you hit your stride againOnce you finish a full draft, read through it critically and use that to write a new draftThe purpose is revision, but it helps to start from scratch using your old draft as a guide, that way you don't get too attached to flawed stuff because you at the very least have to type it out again even if it was perfect the first timeDo this at least twice, so you should have at least three full drafts, each better than the lastFind people to do editing work and prereadingHold their balls in a vice to make sure they don't try to treat you with kid gloves, make sure they can tell you that your writing sucks if it sucksUse their feedback to fix any major issues in another draftSit down and bash your head against the wall editing it properly???Get published???Profit?
If it's looking grim, then all it needs is a joke.
there's nothing less funny than black comedy
Is that why Robin Williams killed himself?God damnit, that will never not be sad...
I have a prologue and the first chapter done out of 18 chapters. The book is about a former Redpole in a prominent Chinese Triad traveling to Alaska in his old age to find and exact revenge upon another Redpole who killed his father in 1992. While in Alaska, he lives with a woman who escaped the harsh life of Compton California to become a promininent programmer for a startup in San Francisco, only to crack and have to leave it all behind to live a calm life in this Alaskan town. Throughout the novel we learn more about both these characters, and they grow closer together. The Chinese man watched his parents get beaten to death by a mob of redguards during the Cultural Revolution, and he is taken to live in the countryside of Manchuria. There he kills a Redguard who lives with the village, and is then adopted by a Shanghai detective who hopes to correct the course of his life. This man takes him in and gives him the identity of his deceased son. He then grows to become a detective himself, with a wife and child. Then his adoptive father is killed by a Triad hitman and this person leaves his life in Shanghai behind to become a Triad member to find this guy. 23 years later he finds out the man he is looking for has taken to this town. The girl he lives with grew up with a brother and her father. After her father commits suicide, she is raised by her brother who is gradually pulled into a life of crime. After he is arrested and put into prison for being an accessory to murder, she goes into the foster system. She performs well in school and manages to escape, but feels intense shame for where she came from, and has great feelings of resentment towards her brother. These two characters grow together and influence their respective journeys through the story. They will both come to question and re-evaluate the choices they've made in life, as well as what they define as "justice".
I'll screenshot this. Thanks bro.
Influences include Hong Kong cinema especially the Killer, the Sopranos, Twin Peaks, Mad Men, the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo mostly in regards to the setting and Call of the Wild. I want the focus of the book to be a philosophical character study of these two deeply flawed people rather than on the visceral "hunt" for the assassin. I also want the story to contrast big problem moments in both China and America Rodney King Riots, Tiannamen Square, the Cultural Revolution, police brutality, etc..... Each chapter will be named after a hexagram of the I'Ching. The book will open with a quote from Plato about the meaning of Justice, and will close with a quote from Mao calling the youth of the country to go forward and forge their destiny. The book with be structured episodically with each chapter containing an enclosed story centered on a particular theme or message. I've barely started on this though so I'll probably have to dump half this shit by the end of it.
Sure thing, but don't be suprised or disappointed if this doesn't work for you. Everyone has their own process and it might take you longer to figure out what works for you.The important thing is that you put words on a page. Doesn't matter if they are shit at first so long as you end up with something that you feel comfortable with at the end of your revision process. Your process isn't so much as a writing technique as it is a technique to make you spend time writing and revising shit, it's your technique to defeat your natural apathy and anxiety for writing.
THE GREAT GAY NOVELThe New CanonIn this astonishing novel, Yanagihara achieves what great gay art from Proust to Almodóvar has so often sought: a grandeur of feeling adequate to “the terrifying largeness, the impossibility of the world.” But no coverage of the book I’ve seen has discussed it as a novel fundamentally about gay lives—as the most ambitious chronicle of the social and emotional lives of gay men to have emerged for many years.Garth Greenwell claims to have found “the great gay novel” in Hanya Yanagihara’s recently published A Little Life. Read his reasoning over at the Atlantic.Is Hanya Yanagihara’s A Little Life a Great American Gay Novel? According to Garth Greenwell, the book — which came out in March — is one of the most ambitious gay novels to come out in years. At The Atlantic, he makes a case that the book is a classic of its kind.many of you are going to read this?
I doubt Proust was gay.
He was...
It's on my list since it came out.I've heard it's very upsetting and depressing and it's kind of long so I've pushed it down past some other stuff.Looking forward to having great discussion on /lit/ about it. :lollolol if serious
his name was marcel. that's as gay as you can get.
not Kramer's epicstop pls
Source ? We get many suspicion he was closeted, but I've seen little proof he actually engaged in faggotry.
Go tell that to the construction workers in France.
Umm, read his letters.
construction workers in tight jeans horsing around with each other on their breaks, wiping each other down after a long day of grueling worki will, anon
Eh, any gay work has to outdo Red Badge of Courage in my mind.
This sounds really good, thanks for the recommendation
Sure, but this is better.author: 
This is the gayest book ever. No newfaggotry will ever out-gay it.
He looks like he'd have been in a nice paisley underground / powerpop / garage revival band.Was he?
Not to my knowledge, but from what I hear about Harvard in the 60s its not out of the question.
Only since the other is at the brink of getting purged, yet leaving so many works without proper critique.I'll begin with my collection.an excerpt of a piece I'm giving more serious attention to, its abstractness precludes me from finding any good material to follow from.it is with a strengthening envy alongi trip the axis in celestial danceand point heavenwards where bellowed longmy thunder, filling sky's expanse.to a wilderness that's me and once belongdo from which i'm divine selectdawdle, in return for defeating songthen sit to pour from old spirits.an outline serene, pierced this dimming phase.your spectre, in past reflection grows.all striking resemblance but shrouding hazein which no fashion worse could pose.Should I just leave it out altogether? Also, all serious submissions are accepted, please don't leave anything unattended.
A New Age is BornStick it up your fucking arse,you don't know shit,your fucking time is past.Shot out of your mother's clit,they should've fucking killed you thenyou ugly sweat-stained bullshit artist.You're a ponce, you like to suck of menand stretch the place that should be farting.'You only get Aids if you're gay',my dad said, he knew his shit:he drunk ten cans of beer a day,he really made the most of it.So no more writing about how youlike to think about pink flowers and othergay shit like a cow's fucking moo,a cow is a cow and a whore is your motherwho squirted out your worthless bodyriddled with stupid bollocks about nature.You'll never write enough for an audibecuase you're a big fat fucking faker.
I liked the imagery in your second one :3That's not even in any sort of meter.Hexadexaiambically fucked up.
Fuck off.
Cautullus, is that you?I'm not feeling this m80. It's too literal and shock-based. There's nothing wrong with vulgarity in poetry but this isn't even poetic. I'm kind of cautious about critiquing because you sound bitter as fuck.
I hide I sleep ehMay I die I stop thinking Shame pours overRemorse infiltratesHate grows within uhEscape is toKick the bucketScary ayePainful twitching Coward Living with hateSorrow beats me upSolution is toChange itScarier right?Hurts more not even bitching Sick of being a cowardDissect self, screaming fateVoice cracks upRepair egoEyes, founts of tearsFar away, life is seen
Don't give a shit what you think.Sorry that it is too classical for your damp poncey philosophising.
I'm not  but:Civility, man. We're not jumping you here. Seriously, what did you expect when you come to a critique thread, submit, only to drop bombs on everyone that dares near you? That's stupid, I'll tell you that upfront.
are you 12?
When the bandits have stolen your jewelry and goneAnd your crippled young gypsy, he's grown tall and strongAnd your dead misconceptions have proven you wrongWell then, princess, where you plannin' to turn to?When your magazine memory has spun you aroundAnd you realize your lovers were just painted clownsAnd outside your window you start hearing soundsWhere they're building a cross for to burn youWhen all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your teardrops go sour and no longer fallThe splash cross the virgin that lives down the hallAnd spends all her nights with an ear to your wallWell then, what will you have you can offer?When the firedancers finish and leave you aloneWith nothing but embers and sacks full of stoneThat hang 'round your neck, slicing through to the boneWill there still be a place for your laughter?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?When your shattered illusions come a-tumblin' homeAnd all of the butchers you've nourished have grownAnd they are suddenly able to leave you aloneAnd they run like slaves that are set freeWhen your questions are answered and your pleading is doneAnd your mind starts a-screaming that you ain't the oneThat once dwelled within you, will you turn, will you runBut princess, will you come home and get me?When all your bright scarlet turns slowly to blueWill you stop and decide that it's over?
Was the point of this to be as incongruous as possible? There is no specific meter or rhyme scheme. Moreover, your diction fails to convey any feelings or images at all.
I'm hard as nails.Niggger, yeah I went there.
am i a pleb if i like this
no specific meter or rhyme schemeliterally abab rhyme schemeAnon, please.
You think I give a fuck about the rules?Oh no, my poem about how gay most poetry is isn't gay enough, whatever shall I do?
The Locals Eat ChipotleAnd me, I’m no stranger to culms of bamboo.In bubbling cauldrons of hot pork chop stew.The cyanide, coconut, sweet pickled string stalks Are tumbling down streets where they don’t know the climate.Atlantic coast rock beaches native to pandas Where leopards and rice-field ratssleep at the wharf of Boothbay.Don’t go confusing home life with hotelsThings never do work out When we lie to ourselvesHow could a personstill live that way now? Turning limp cartwheelsin dried up canals.The spirits you slept on moved West after Wednesday And now all the paddies are next door to juice stands.Where forty years prior our ancestors just made itAnd half of me used to fly in plasticine steamships Your other side sometimes still overcooks the brothAll of the reverends you made into statues Are kind of at fault now for why they can’t move.Don’t you forget what old acronyms spellThings often don’t work when we lie to ourselvesAnd you, half your pride points are rooted in skin tone.So forty-five colors are all royal purpleWhile orange pulp and pajama robes falter towards laminateCard stock and flower headswallop propellor fins Slithering adjectives grope to your viscera Holinshed’s ospreys are fishing for contretemps Masked finfoots fulminate over your nakedness How could we get lost inside such minor acreage?Often when we sneak aroundThings don’t work out When we lie to ourselves

Arse, PastArtist, FartingBut anon, it doesn't stick to this; only the last three stanzas have abab.
A fair amount of well-regarded poets were rolling pussy in their day, I hope you realize that. Stupid question: is The Locals Eat Chipotle meant as an opening line or simply a title? It works both ways for the most part, I'm just curious about where you're intentions are.
It's eye rhyme, do you even read poetry?
tfw a dumb troll is getting more attention than anyone in this thread asking for a serious critique
Are you though?
His time is almost up. Please be understanding.
This.Everybody just ignore the troll and move on.
Fucking pussyholes.
All of the eye rhyme I've seen is normally more similar visually than "arse" and "past." "Artist" and "farting" is bit more obvious, but it is still a tad dissimilar.
I realize this sounds a bit archaic; I need to read more modern poetry. Working on that.What legion scales this narrow steepTo drive that monstrous brigand henceWho stole upon me sleeping sweetTo make my keep a bandit's tent?He rapes my stores, he drains my casks,Through drafty halls his croak resoundsHis hollow bark and crooked laughCommand a ring of slav’ring houndsEvacuate that sucking leech,He quaffs my blood from carnal vatsHe tyrannizes thought and speech,That bloody ulcer growing fatThat lucid air is sounding now,A music with a foreign bendIn golden rills it signals loud:The despot's rule come to an end
 song lyrics, disregard kolstiall need critique except those two i mentioned
kolstiSo it's copypasta?
Instead of telling others to critique, why don't you help the process along and do it yourself?
why is it necessary to read modern poetry? You can use modern words without reading modern poetry...
I'm sending all my words backto the people who need them--people who wear scars likewar trophies, like jewelry, likean identification for those sufferingfrom the same acceptance ofself-hate. this is to the peoplewho sleep with one eye open, whocry when footsteps enter their roomat night; this is to the girlswho love by cutting their heartsinto snowflakes and watchingthem melt. I left you behind andI can't be sorry for that.you are the type of beautifulthat kindly asks the worldto fuck off. the days we buriedhave decomposed, headstones aresnapshots; sanitized breakdowns,rusty tongues, sighs lacedwith fear, I love you, I loveyou. saturdays were the bestbecause we could sleep throughthe nightmare. you painted me apicture of the world with your wordsand they made us wash it awayfor being transparent.we were afraid of nothingbut the monsters in our eyelids.back then, we counted dayslike shooting stars; it took 67to wish myself away. thisis for you, skygazer; I keep youin my fingers because youslipped through the holes inmy heart.
My other works
some awful enveloped pentameter with iambs and anapests. I'm most interested in writing about digital life in edgy visual free verse but I have to practice actual metre and such first.The StreamI'll peddle excuses for you if promised notTo be forgotten. Please review my requests,My dearth of sentiment and soulless nestOf Consumables, packages, and detached plain thoughts.You've nothing left to feel, yet tastes must be formed.But have all seen my nail collection? They've droppedFrom my body, pained toes and cast-offs, pasted -- cropped.I'll bookmark and save, contribute greased and porned.Don't force it if it doesn't feel natural. The subject and images you've sought there wouldn't work otherwise.Hmm. Very expressive, that's for sure, but too oppressive and single minded for me - but it's plain to see that's what you're going for. Watch out for cliches "kick the bucket" and overwrought phrases "repair ego".
true but I take inspiration from older poetsby modern I don't mean modern words strictly, but modern forms
Today she was riding her bicycle to work, breathing in the ripe spring air, the sun flashing behind tall buildings.She was putting her jacket in her locker, hanging her helmet on the hook.She was reading emails, writing emails, deleting emails.She was walking to the café with her co-workers, carrying her red silicone cup, laughing.She was taking phone calls, making phone calls.She was taking a photo of her boss staring out the window, trying to think of a good caption.She was sitting in the courtyard, shaded by a small tree in new bloom, eating falafel and a sliced apple.She was straightening the things on her desk.She was twisting a small bunch of hair between her fingers as she held the cursor over 'Send'.She was reading a blog post written by someone funny, about a movie she hadn't seen yet.She was setting out next week's appointments and meetings in the diary.She was stepping out into the cool air, looking up to find an evening star.She was choosing a bunch of bananas from the display, tapping her thumb on the handle of her basket.She was brushing her shoes on the doormat, trying to fit the key into the lock with too little light.She was on the phone with a friend across the world, listening, smiling.I was sitting on the bus, thinking about her.Why can't I write happy poems, lit?
My mind did not even stir once reading all those words.
lol seems like you can't write good ones either
I've been writing poetry for a decade.I can barely manage to push myself to write nowadays, let alone focus if I initiateWhen I start reading something that resembles poetry now, my brain practically shuts off and I immediately begin scrolling. I used to love reading all sorts of poetry. I don't think I can enjoy it anymore.
song lyrics. critique always appreciatedPrince faced fox is racingSub-urb-stray some dog he's chasingCherub red crash-test car he's speedingStage read dead prince he's drama lovingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endFoxy street sleek sidewalk skippingFixed face fox prince is grinningPrince street dance like a child prancingSome torn up slum the prince fun lovingWake up prince he's never sleepingPrince midnight sleep he's always waitingDaytime prince dream he's walkingBacks of his eyes, matte black paradingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's endPrince pretend genuine-ingPrince pretend genus defendingOut-lied fox genus never endingThey're para-dicing island skippingSnakebite prince throat chewingSnake throat choke he's writhingWatch him screeching, watch fox screechingSnake stuck prince throat he's screamingPeter Prince he's neverlandingPeter Prince and he's never endingRush ahead, his delta's comingAnd his black sea's staring, the prince is cryingDream reading, he's Daniel in the lion's denPrince wishing, he's wishing for a lion's end
I enjoyed this. You have great ideas.
Is this a meme?
There was no poignancy in her deathThe air was still and scentedOnly the somber efficiency of the pallbearers allowed for any sense of forward motionOnce lowered, we laugh-as tribute to another timeShe would not have liked that
Que muera la poesía en mi caja torácicaque ya no soporto el dolor al abrazarme tan fuerte a mi mismaEstabas allí antes de nacer, mucho antes Te veo difuminadoarrastrando tus extremidades hacía mi, aletargado¡qué dolor! cómo separarme, cómo impedirmeloEfusivamente necesito tu alientote quiero cálido e imperfecto, te quiero mudo con ojos de cocodriloquiero que los límites los ponga la gravedad, no el desazónequiparando el amor con el drama, siempre, que no se borran estos dolores de palabrasque no vesque no vestirsequé esculpido está el destino si uno confía en las maldicionestantas jodidas bromas infinitasconquisté para mi reino cada centímetro imprudentemente de tu cuerpo.
Bump
My time is swiftly rolling onWhen I must faint and die;My body to the dust returnAnd there fergotten lie.Let persecution rage aroundAnd Antichrist appear;My silent dust beneath the ground;There's no disturbance there.To call poor sinners to repentAnd seek their Savior dear.My brother preachers, boldly speakAnd stand on Zion's wall.Confirm the drunk, confirm the weakAnd after sinners call.My loving wife, my bosom friend,The object of my love,The time's been sweet l've spent with you,My sweet and harmless dove,My little children near my heartMy warm affections know.From each the path will I attend.O from them can I go?!O God, a father to them beAnd keep them from all harm,That they may love and worship TheeAnd dwell upon Thy charm.How often you have looked fer meAnd often seen me come.But now I must depart from theeAnd nevermore return.My loving wife, don't grieve fer me,Neither lament nor mourn;Fer I will with my Jesus beAnd dwell upon his charm.
I'm not a big fan of prose poetry, so I'm probably being prejudiced, but I didn't care for this too much. It's a bit too literal, and didn't have any striking imagery. I think this would work better as a prose piece.Like you yourself said, this is quite abstract. Unlike a lot of free verse that gets posted on /lit/, this has a pretty good rhythm. I'm not really sure what it's trying to convey, but I like how it sounds when read aloud.This has a very stilted rhythm, but I think for what it's conveying that works well. Can you explain the "eh" and "uh" bits? I'm not particularly fond of this, but I like that it manages to be stark and spare without being too edgy like a lot of depressing poetry.This has a bouncy rhythm that I like. Uses repetition well, too. I found it vaguely funny, not sure if that was intentional. Interesting word choices, like "magazine memory".A rare specimen of good free verse, best ITT.Lovely poem. Dope enjambment. Really like "the days we buried/have decomposed".And now for my paltry lines:Idle is a darkened mindIt wants to stray, but cannot findA thing to claim its fading dayIt finds no rest, as vapid wavesThroughout its lofty chambers spillTill drowned in empty thought, it fills
Townes van Zandt wrote this and I always thought it sounds a lot like It's All Over Now Baby Blue by Bob Dylan at least lyrically.
a rare specimen of good free verseK-k-kolsti?but in all honesty, it's really well done.
I like this, good job having proper rythm and metreGets weaker as it goes though, I thinkThe theme is also a bit thin, but I enjoyed overrall.Here is a modest one of mine I think I might have posted last threadTrough the keyhole, I cannot seethe picture whole, only slightly,can I perceive the symphonyof what happens behind the door.Yet I spend days, trying to catchtrying to heartrying to watchwhat would happen, if I perhaps,could slide a finger trough the gapsAt night, though, I do wellI can picture great shining bells,the marble walls of citadelsthat await me behind the door.I dread the hour someone like meled by a marvelous idea,will, through this keyhole alignhis wondering gaze into mine.
I decided to synthesize a period of highschool poems I wrote about this girl, with a much-improved sense of rhythm but all of the cringe of the past.The pain, and the pangs, swirl into a neurotoxin,Obsessing like I'm depraved so I fight the thoughts with more thoughtsIn the vein of self-deprecation, pre-emptive self-preservationFor if I even approached you I'd just invite condemnationBut I'm stuck 'cause this mental mixture is now a permanent fixtureI'm too fucked too be included, but you're always in the pictureOn my mind's eye, so despite my certitude that I'm unworthyWhen I'm in your presence I can't force myself to stop observingI'm too insecure to hold your gaze past a few secondsIt's confusing that you'd even grace my being with your essence.I curse the fates for feeding me this dream,.Curse destiny for stringing me along to make it seemLike you might ever deem me more than insignificant or wretchedWish that I could shake you from my soul just like an etch-e-sketchBut I'd rather shatter it first.Once you started speaking to me I didn't know what to doI didn't want to be myself 'cause that wasn't worthy of youBut there was no one else for me to be,You would've never needed me,So when you asked to lean on me to sleep I couldn't breatheThe pattern of our morning bus ride ritual 'cause I believedThat I deserved breath less than you deserved undisturbed restWhile granting me the gift of feeling your face near my chest,Your hair so soft and the steady rise and fall of your breastThe afternoon that you invited me into your life,I refused it out of fear, idiocy rationalized,I wish that you had pushed and that I wasn't such a piece of shit'Cause even as it happened I just knew that that was it:There would never be another chance,Said no 'cause I was fucking scared to dance.I don't buy into superstition nor intuition,But the feeling I got when I saw you walk into the officeThat one day when I was late to class, and thought it was oddIn retrospect seems like a warning since that's the last time that I saw youWhich doesn't matter much.You're the first person I was certain I was in love with,Haven't overwhelmed my cowardice 'cause I *still* don't have the might."'Tis better to have loved and lost," they say; I say,'Tis better to have tried and failed, than have declined, and failed despite.
In comes off as lyrics really. I read it with a cadence that people probably won't pick up on unless they're trying to fit it into a meter the same way that I am, so there are for instance some fucked-looking rhythm patterns.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
noicemore alliteration needed
Fairy dust...Dust, dust at dusk,Purple sky and sparkles fly,Ashes in the ocean now,To and fro, forever--how?Moon, and moonlight,in the sky below--Reflection of reflectionReflected in your eyes,Full of the sky,You fear to tear,You fare to tear,Another strip of soul to bareUpon the rack and dry and blackAs raisins, withered, brazen,Only 'til a challenge rears it's horrid head,Dysphoria, enigmatic, ever-presentDysphoria, aenergetic, effervescent,Boiling, roiling to surround the mind,Of a monkey, in a cage,Invisible though present day to day,Swimming, only,Through this dark'ning pool,Dusk is no longer,The sky reflects the night,Reflects the light,Reflects the might of solitary unitsEver further away than one might imagine,For, you see it here,But closer as you get,As you comprehend it with your mind,You'll never find that you've arrived,until it's time,Like plants which one might find to skip though time--Or simply die, wither and die--When one turns the blind eye to spy,To fly, Aladdin rides the sky like surfers ride the Nile,To walk the sky, I'll need a magic carpet made of warmth,And warmth, and warm in color, and warm another way,The way that leaves of it's own accord,Or the way that was taken by the sky itself,And its reflected subject,Off a cliff and into the rays,Into the sky and drifting,Into clouds,into stars,nothing.
let me know if I got the metre down at least.Threefold TreeThe sighing, shrugging evening sun does floodAnd drench the branches 'cross my threefold tree.The fronds and arms more near the star most glow.Transmissions warm and bathed - recall my bliss.Between excels the green comfort of limbsGone out on, pleased apartment, girlfriend, more...But distant from the sun's assuring rays, Hang hardened arteries and photo sets.
The meter is consistent, straight iambic pentameter. Your word choice flows very well within said meter; you really make use of the iambs.Simple and bittersweet. Direct, but not so much that I mind it.
Reminiscent of Poe in form, theme and verbiage. The rhythm is consistent, and the ambiguity makes the poem somewhat suspenseful. I'm left with questions and compelled enough to reread.
Looking down at what I've done I begin to shudderAs I stare at what protrudes As I stare at where my skin becomes meat The fine line between pale white and crimsonPain and pleasure When was the last time someone caressed my skin..Racked with pain the agony takes holdIt holds a gentle light against the insanityEver welcoming the path lies well trodden Paved and obscure the curious lie closeWhen was the last time I felt curiosity...Again a wave of pain shackles me to realityAgain I shudder and again I start to cryIt wasn't meant to end like thisI only wanted to be like everyone elseI just wanted to be normalFull of myself and confidenceInstead I've broken all the mirrors in rageWhen was the last time I caught myself smiling...AgainAnd again Until the rhythmic waves of pain align with my very beingEnduring the relativity of the time I have left I'll live a thousand different lives before I dieBy my very own handsHave I always felt this empty..I feel as though it needs something
The ShedThe livid clamour echoed and bangedOff steel walls where true wrath hanged,Dangling and loose, and ready to be graspedBy murderous intent which these two masked.As the standing laughed at the seated, Whose composure was almost depleted,He did not take heed of his scrunched glowerBecause it was hid under the roof's cold bower.Approaching now to rub it in,Shamelessly flaunting sardonic grin,Well unaware of the claw that sat besideThe glazed over boy that did not meet his eyes.Turned towards with endearment to deceive,It would not be the boy but his mother bereaved,As handle shot up and in the same motion fell On curly, black locks where blood began to well.
I made this a while ago and I really want to improve it while still keeping the simplicity, not really sure where to start.I wish I was the showerthat cleans you of your fearsevery drop a part of mecovering your naked body and soulas the old drops drip awaynew ones take their placeuntil you've had enoughand turn me offand that's oknow it's my turn to showerand your turn to wash awaywhen we're no longer dirtywe'll leave this cursed placewe'll go to where there is no wenor I nor you nor theysomewhere new and magicalthat words cannot explain
it's gay
"I like it" is all the praise you get, but it also conveys no meaning to me in its current form whatsoever.
Think of how your time is spentThe open graves of the innocentMaggots writhe in decaying shitThere's a place for you in the burning pitBlackened eyes and broken backsOur masks are showing signs of cracksThe victims never stay pink and freshThat's the folly of the flesh Let's destroy and dance merrily onA singing parade of carrionAll your hate has locked the gateBe quick or fall on the butchers plate Charons boat can carry allYou can writhe but don't we allIt's hard to breathe in the rising blackThe hangmans noose is losing slackLet all the banners be unfurled A flood of rot to drown the worldLet the dirge find every earThe master and end are growing near!
Really? I agree about the Dylan influence but at least in terms of basic formatting, I think it's much more influenced by Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands.
With milk-white harts upon an ivory sled  Thou shalt be drawn amidst the frozen pools,  And scale the icy mountains' lofty tops,  Which with thy beauty will be soon resolved.
hate to ask, but could anyone critique this please?
this is poetry thread not song lyrics thread
soon, sunyou are the only one flaming, we burst! a partof our bonfires were built-in.the cosmos’s name:Don’t-Wilt-In-The-Heat.now we’re sailing, alone in our thirst. we tried to drink the sea.without the day to steer, you fear the rolling.don’t forget that Motion is me. gulp down my cult-salt;let me cure the spells you misspokefolk-songs reverberatingrevering never dying.surrender, my ether. burn me up! are you still able tosit at the tables of witchesyou’ve staked your claim on?i’ve journeyed to neither-worldsclambered, threw god undersnake-sticks and amber resin. please let this be a lesson:if you attempt to tamp me downi’ll crash some waves upon this town
lyrics are poetry in all but name. granted, generally bad poetry, but it's not as if there's anything of merit to comment on in here anyway. but yeah even forgiving that this was written to be song lyrics, it's a waste of time to even attempt to critique given that it's nothing but gratuitous repetition and clumsy alliteration. also lazily making up words for no reason is not really a thing to do.
it's bastardized
What song/rhythm? Hard to without
ii wrote some shit about this gas station next to campusbehind the concrete box gas stationthere’s a curvature in the shrubberyhole cut in the fence lining.four point o from a high school out eastglided over black tar solid pavementwith arms and hands weightlessin between the secret entrance;ground covered in his family’s tobaccokentucky bourbon bottles empty fromother stumbling top-classers and their lostred bowties and blue boat shoesSigma Alpha Epsilon and Zumi-Zumihe’s lost a mile away from a couch forty miles from his couchas he corners around the grey cube hugging the wall until the Chandler hospitallights blind him stepping to the front—the natty ice mating call, tripping over homeless,underaged beer gut underveloped emotionally;the smartest man out of Rowan’s high school engineering programlooks a little terrified of the automatic doors in front of him.
bump
, 
why isn't comedy today nearly as funny as greek comedy?
Comedians are now entertainers, and have forgotten they also need to be good writers
implying that modern wrestling isn't exactly what greek theatre used to be.
Well put.
Come on, a good part of Greek comedy was fart jokes.
To be honest I don't remember it being very funny. The Satyricon was pretty good in places though.
aristophanesfunnyi'd rather watch family guy. even meander is better
Thought The Cyclops was bretty gud. Dat rape joke
class="quote"implying this isn't funnier than every romantic comedy ever
1/10
family guynot seth expressing his ressentiment through briannot cuck centralfuck that nigger show
Every 4chan thread is literally more funnier than any greek play
true
What? Just because it's Roman and not Greek? I studied those cultures together, so to me they're just a big miscellaneous hodge podge of stuff.
Because comedy is subjective, and the things that are funny for a normal modern person aren't funny for, say, an edgy hipster who can't accomplish anything of worth so he tries to look cool by pushing the insane notion that he identifies more with a 2000 YO culture than with his own
xdnailed it xd perfect redirection onto my character xd
Because comedy is based on the joke's context and the intrinsic appreciation of the subcontext. If you think greek comedy is funnier, then you probably just relate better to greek comedians and their joke's subcontext than you do modern comedians jokes and subcontext.
You're probably baiting, but, still, there are not comedians as good as Aristophanes for hundreds of years after him.
that video completely exceeded my expectations of wrestling
So you're saying OP prefers the company of men?
Honestly, I think Tim Heidecker is the logical end to western comedy, and that we should all just go back to puns and fart jokes and The Room.
I'm not baiting at all.
Most guys do, but in his case he prefers the company of men who died thousands of years ago.
Aristophanes wrote long before there was a highbrow vs. lowbrow distinction in the arts.
mfw Aristophanes will never be re-enacted todayThe image of Socrates in his Thinkery floating on a cloud with his giant dick-prop suspended in the air is hilarious.
What would the greeks think about classical imageboard memes such as spurdo spärde and that whole evolving thing with wojak and pepe? Serious question.
logical end to western comedyNice meme buddy
What about Seinfeld?
Have you even seen Wild Hogs?
i'm seriouscan someone wrestlepill me? i need to know how i should proceed with this...
lmaoI agree with this guy, I had no idea pro wrestling owned that much
Were you unaware we have a board pretty much dedicated to this?/asp/
the competition of dramatists, awarding prizes, the professionalization of writers is all indicative of a society with distinctions between high vs low arts
bre-kek-kek-kek kroax kroaxbre-kek-kek-kek
How come Shakespeare's comedies aren't funny?
because comedic drama doesn't mean funny comedy
professional wrestling truly is america's greatest art form
seven years and i'm still learning things.here is a secret of my own:
I'm actually curious how many other wrestling fans on are on /lit/.Start with the territories. Then move on to 80s WWF, specifically the years 85-89. Then progress to the Monday Night Wars between WWF and WCW, ranging from around 96-01, and check out some ECW. From this point forward its kind of a bumpy ride. The Invasion angle is widely considered to be shit but it had its moments, but if you want to skip to around late 2002, to the beginning of the brand split. Pay close attention to Smackdown at this time. From here, continue watching to around late 2007.At this point, I'd skip ahead all the way to Raw 6/27/11, the day of CM Punk's infamous pipe bomb promo and proceed to get caught up with modern WWE. Despite the fact that quite a few great matches occurred in the years of 08-11, it's by and large the most forgettable period in wrestling. Once you're all caught up, you're ready to tackle NXT, TNA, NJPW, and ROH. As for wrestling books, both Bret Hart's and Mick Foley's books are good reads. I've heard good things about Chris Jericho's books but I've never bothered to read myself.
When you read a play do you visualize how it would appear on stage or how it would appear in reality?
i visualize it like an anime.
i'm fucked irreversibly from a youth in front of televised anime and so i also do this for plays and thingsbalzac's shit especially
i read it out loud when i am alone. plays are meant to be heard, not read.
i imagine it like a mlp show
Pleb here. What are the greatest plays ever written and which ones should I read first?
start with the greek tragedians
the greek tragedies are the mythos of our world, definitely must read
Neither, really, or at least if you're talking about the stages of traditional theaters. I usually imagine how they'd look in film or animation.
My very first play was Antigone in class and after reading many others I conclude it is the absolute best tragedy to start with. Best? I dont know
I conclude it is the absolute best tragedy to start withBecause there are only 3 tragedians with surviving plays, and each has just a small number of plays, one might as well read all chronologically Aeschylus - Sophocles - Euripides.
animationwhat the fuck
life is an animation, the greatest parable ever told
#deep
'No, my dear,' her cheeks mottled with previous tears, 'I'm listening.''It's control. All these things arise from one difficulty: control. For the time it was inside, do you see. The control is put inside. No more need to suffer passively under "outside forces" - to veer into any wind as if ...''It's a metaphor, you see.'
All is one and one is all, abound nose up reveals the crown in thorny thickets; a green apple's delight. I'm not one for 10$ words, but when I'm needing a pastrami fix, I'm going to yell out pastrami.
I am a fan of King - being new to this board, I'm not sure what the general consensus of him is here, if there even is one. But if there are any fellow King fans here, I'd like your thoughts on this spoilers follow.I started reading The Stand, and I was really loving it. But then - the last 300 pages happened.Seriously, it's here that, plot-wise, things just start turning to shit.Nick just dies from that explosion, essentially throwing his character development that felt like it was going to come into the final battle and I'm getting to that in some shape or form out the window. I suppose Abigail lightly addresses this, but addressing it doesn't change the fact that it was hacky on King's part to do. Maybe some outcome exists where this would have been ok, but he never really justifies this decision, I feel.Harold and Nadine leave after blowing up the committee, only for Harold-a great fucking character- to just die out off the road and write some final remorseful manifesto that felt a little phoned in not that I couldn't see him writing that, or turn to writing in his final hours, more like that the plot was sloppy but King had to give him some last "hurrah" and so you ended up with that. The problem with the manifesto is not so much the writing as much as it should not have happened in the first place, or at least not in those exact circumstances that didn't really lend to a rich and authentic send-off.. Again, he didn't have to be at the final battle, but ultimately, his contribution to the plot was underwhelming due to the buildup and character development he received prior.Nadine, someone who has had this intensely dual lust/fear for Flagg, fucks him but then just commits suicide one day. That's it. Not much confrontation or contribution to the plot of any kind. Maybe just some light character advancement for Flagg, but she herself seemed pretty useless in the long haul. Flagg, a character whose nature and exact powers are intentionally vague at first but then never fully explained in a satisfactory way, just starts breaking down for seemingly no reason even before shit stars hitting the fan. The vagueness of his powers and motives might contribute to this. I guess ultimately, God just lets him see whatever he needs him to see to fulfill his purposes, but it still seems like Flagg should not have been broken down so easily. It seems like, in order to be effective as a villain, God should have made him more powerful, more consistent, stable, and overall just had his shit together more. But once Abigail comes back from the woods, God toys with him and he just starts breaking down.Abigail comes back from her soul-seearching journey but dies pretty quickly afterward, not having any hand in battling Flagg herself, but not before sending the remaining committee members besides Frannie off on a suicide mission to Flagg, where they ultimately just sacrifice themselves to please God.
And that fucking "showdown" "final battle" was horrific. He's going to draw and quarter Larry and Ralph, and then Trashy shows up with an atomic bomb, and God calls back Flagg. I get that this is because the characters have "grown" or whatever, but that was a major rip-off, plot-wise, to what had seemed to be "promised" earlier which was frankly somewhat impossible because of poor decision making earlier in killing off certain characters and sending the other characters on a suicide quest.And then the last 50 pages were, while mildly entertaining, incredibly disjointed from the rest of the book. And then Randall Flagg is just alive again. I get that evil will never go away in the world although I'm not convinced the world necessarily needed to survive, but why the fuck did FLAGG have to survive it? It's not like Flagg is Satan. Abigail didn't survive, afterall. It just felt like a cheap device on King's part.I guess if I had to sum it up in one sentence, it would be that the ending was very underwhelming and not based enough on the developments that preceded it. Ultimately, King chose a simple symbolic sacrifice to God and character growth over plot and actually, you still could and should have had both those things. Maybe in real life, shit just happens, and not everything always pans out in an interesting, novelistic way. But realism even realism in unrealistic scenarios doesn't always work, and The Stand is a clear example of that. I was on my way to calling it the best King book of the ones I have read, but then the last 300 pages happened. Total rip-off, especially for an investment of 1100+ pages.And I thought The Shining's ending was disappointing.
Stephen King is known for having shit endings because of his dislike of plotting the story ahead of time. In the Stand, the bomb was put there just because he couldn't think of anything else to keep the story moving.
That does seem to be a recurring problems in his work, doesn't it?Not with every book - I actually defend the Shining personally - but enough to piss me off.I've really only read his earlier stuff. Do you know if this gets better in his later work?
I am a fan of King
Well over time his basic writing method's never changed at all, except it's not fueled by drugs now, so overall, no it's not really better.
Salem's Lot and IT are the only two books of his that I say would have a decent ending. Dark Tower is debatable, it's a love-hate thing.
I read a bunch of King's books when I was younger and had nothing better to do. One of his main problems is that he tends to unceremoniously kill off characters, or have them be raped, threatened with rape, or mutilated because he thinks that's the only way to stir up drama, or that he has to stir up drama when things are going too smoothly.His endings always have this sort of "spent" quality to them because he spends every part of his books and stories leading up to them trying to one up himself.
Salem's Lot was anti-climactic as fuck.
what version, uncut, or original?“le bomb“ was admittedly crap, but, tbf, theres been about three books worth up to that point - he never struck me an author who starts out with an end in sight. Considering hes sold 350 million books, and The Stand is widely rated as his 'best' - must be doing something right.
He sold 350 millions books because he wrote 350 million books.
66, actually - maybe, he'll do another 600, then quit.Per OPs point tho, defy anyone to read the uncut and figure a better way out - youre a 1000 pages in, and find yourself rewriting Atlas Shrugged.. Id have resorted to pulling one from the Deus Ex Machina locker as well, and this long before that stage, tbh.
not the girl who loved tom gordon
being new to this board, I'm not sure what the general consensus of him is here, if there even is one.Literally the sentence that follows it, put in to sort of protect myself from people like you.Guess it didn't work, lol.
uncutI do agree he's doing something right. Despite the criticisms of him from some of the "elite", I do think he's a talented writer in some ways. I just think that some of his endings are shite. The Stand being the epitome of that for me, so far.
ok thanksSalem's Lot is pretty good, I agree.I never read IT, because I worry that I won't be able to get the awfulness of the movie out of my head.Yeah, it was kind of anti-climactic. I still think it was decent, but I was expecting something better.
One of his main problems is that he tends to unceremoniously kill off characters, or have them be raped, threatened with rape, or mutilated because he thinks that's the only way to stir up drama, or that he has to stir up drama when things are going too smoothly.And this would much more eloquently express what I saw as one of the major problems of The Stand, and to a lesser degree, some of his other books.Well, I'm not saying I could do any better. But given his skill to build up the story and his wide acclaim, you think he would have figured out a way more often.
My older brother says that is his favorite King book. I haven't gotten around to reading it, or the newer ones in general, yet.
Yeah that ending was dogshit, OP.Read Cell. Plot wise the ending was good, even if the character development wasn't as good.However, it kept going after the ending, if you get what I'm saying.
Here's two problems. For one, you might be looking into things a little too deeply. There really isn't much rhyme or reason below the surface of King books other than him bullshitting around because his writing process is garbage and no editors are big enough to stand up to him. That part you bring up about the Stand, the part where the book takes a nose dive half the characters killed in a bomb is literally the exact moment in the novel where he ran out of ideas. He said himself that he shelved the book for a long time and had no idea what to do. He almost dropped the whole thing because of writers block which struck at this very moment. The he had the idea of killing half the main cast in an explosion. Sure, this removed the blockage, but it became clear that he became dependent on this crutch to get through the story. First the bomb, then he starts killing characters left and right just to keep the drama alive, then the atomic bomb shows up at the ending climax, and then the LITERAL FUCKING HAND OF GOD SHOWS UP OUT OF NOWHERE WHICH DETONATES THE BOMB. It's one of the worst deus ex machina I've ever witnessed. It was as if King had no idea how to detonate that bomb, so he literally reached into the story and did it. Fucking embarrassing. Sure, the first part had problems as well, like there being another fucking Kent State massacre real subtle, King. But that ending was atrocious. But this is his MO. I've never read a King story outside of his short stories which are generally really good that finished well. I think it's because he writes by thinking of characters and putting them into a situation then making shit up until the well runs dry. This style is feasible, but requires tons of editing that he clearly doesn't do. I also think his tendency to write stories featuring obvious self-inserts is frustrating, as well as his tendency to think he is much more cool and hip with the times than he is.
I think the big criticism of how King handles things is that he writes himself into these corners in the first place, then has to think of miraculous ways of getting himself out of it. I'd have just done some basic planning beforehand to avoid being in such a difficult situation.
It’s easy for literary snobs to dismiss Stephen King. After all, he just writes schlocky horror fiction. Clearly the man is nothing more than a hack, slapping together gory stories for the indiscriminate masses to lap up. is an artist you stuck up, elitist fucks
Agreed, even if he is flawed.
I'm so excited every time I pick up a King book. Then I start to read it, and generally, I enjoy what I see. Some things may bug me, like the protagonist might be an alcoholic author from Maine with writer's block, or maybe he thinks he is the biggest badass on earth for listening to ACDC and the 'stonesThen it keeps going. The initially interesting premise is getting more and more murky and bloated. An uninteresting love story in introduced so that our Mary Sue author can find his Mary Sue bride. Maybe she gets raped by a crazy ex-husband, or maybe she is killed by a ghost car. Whatever happens, something bad must happen to her or someone close to him. And then it keeps going and going. At around page 700 King has clearly run out of ideas and is just spinning his wheels. An incredible deus ex machina happens, a bunch of characters are killed. The book then begins stumbling from plot point to sloppy plot point until finally it finishes up at around page 900. At the end of it, I read a book the length of the bible about a scary monster haunting a small Maine town. I end up with profound disappointment each time. There is something there I love, but there is also a big mound of middling junk that kind of overpowers me. He is certainly talented, but he has massive, massive problems. Call me a snob all you'd like, but that's the way it is. However, On Writing is fucking great, and I tend to really like his short stories.
 For one, you might be looking into things a little too deeply.Oh, probably.But what specifically are you referring to, if I may ask?Thanks for the behind the scenes info, though. Really explains this shit although in no way excuses it.
He really is more suited to short stories isn't he? As far as short story writers go he's pretty good actually.
I get that evil will never go away in the world although I'm not convinced the world necessarily needed to survive, but why the fuck did FLAGG have to survive it? It's not like Flagg is Satan. Abigail didn't survive, afterall. It just felt like a cheap device on King's part.This part is a part where you might have been going too deep into what he was thematically going for with his choices. When I say you are looking into it too deeply, I don't mean that your points aren't valid. I think you made really really strong points as to why this books ending was bad. What I was trying to get across is that looking too deeply into King's books will yield few rewards, and will only begin to drive you crazy. I generally love his short stories. Keeping himself to a small page limit is exactly what he needs.
Stupid fucking Klansman, everyone knows that the two central pawns are the best openers. Fucker deserves to be shot by the dindu.
Just not a very good one.
Ah. Ok. looking too deeply into King's books will yield few rewards, and will only begin to drive you crazy. True. My ramblings are evident of that lol
I don't know why this made me laugh so hard.
wrote a sequel to The Stranger
really? nobody finds this interesting?
Too busy shitposting brah
Its kind of interesting I guess.. if you were an arab
turns a novel about an abstract philosophical idea into complaining about europeans
I don't read fanfiction
political fan fiction
/lit/, I haven't been in a library since I was like 8. To those who go regularly go there, what are they like now? Who goes there, and why?
what on earth possessed you to make such a retarded thread? actually, please tell me of your thought process, assuming there was any
library*homeless shelter
I have never encountered anyone who goes to the library to study. To my knowledge, everyone I know who has ever needed a book either bought it or checked it out from the school/university library. I don't know anyone who doesn't own a computer or smart phone, or doesn't have internet. So I'm sincerely curious as to who uses them, and why.
I go to the library to use their printer and scanner.Also, whenever I'm assigned a group project, the library is the usual meeting place.
There are on average three homeless guys in the library I go to. I can't imagine going to university again so I can just go to their library, public ones suck.
I can't imagine going*I can't wait to be able to go to
are you fucking retarded?
What happens if you're in a library reading a book and someone else wants to check out that same book?
Nothing. What the fuck would you expect to happen?
This, unfortunately, is true. I used to work in a health centre in London, a large one. The library temporarily moved in and then they brought with them a whole load of unsavoury types. People trying to steal stuff, people washing their clothes in the toilet, sleeping all day. Every day security had to kick them out. To answer the OP, I go to the library near me very rarely to study, but it's not effective because you can hear the kids running around downstairs and the opening hours are shite. People study with headphones on and everyone else is just parents and kids. Most other people with niche interests don't go, but the study section is always full. My uni library is normally dead quiet because it's normally only full of postgrads in the study sections, and it stays open till 11.30pm. I love going there. And it's huge.Pic related, my undergrad library, old uni. At somewhere else now.
You both pull out your library cards and add up all the digits in the ID number. Whoever has the highest sum gets priority on the book
Less books, more DVD's, still decent though
It's always fun to scope out the talent in the children's section.
muh classismhorror stories of having poor people exist near me
well obviously only one will leave satisfied. Who gets the book?
Are you autistic?Whoever got there first.
have fond memories of spending hours at the main librarybuilding is huge and old and with a beautiful mezzaninethe place is full of homeless and smells of piss and hot doritosgo back a couple of months ago and browse the huge fiction eranotice a black guy starts following mego to other sectionsblack guy keeps following meI turn to him and say "can I help you?""no, can I help you ;-"pretend to take a call on my disconnected cellphone "whats that? my oranges arrived? great omw"nope the fuck out of therenever again.nope the fuck out
What does that have to do with anything? Do you continue reading the book or not?
Oh wait nevermind, I skipped over the second line somehow
I go to the library in the major city I live in every week. Even though I read about 2 books a week I do not go there for that. I primarilly go to practice cardistry/people watch and have free access to lynda.commost of the people who are there are either working or are homeless or prostitutes trying to get with the older men who are actually there reading or working.
my oranges arrived?kekkedare you a qt?
I go there about once every couple months and pick up like 6 books each time or something. I order them online and wait for them to come in before going so overall its a pretty quick process. I never really browse or use the library for anything else.
am I a qt? what kinda question is that fuck yes im a qt you fucking faggot.
How are the whores? Anything fuckable or are they absolute dogs?
I think I'm in love.
pics, faggot
pic?Im in Mexico so its a bit different here, i guess that libraries are used by students and mostly people who like to read, books arent expensive but libraries are a quiet place.I guess they work the way theyre meant to be.
Im not showing my freckles to you filthy shitlords. this thread is shit anyways. Im going back to reading Borges and Davis.
I occasionally go to libraries to get work done, because they are quiet, nobody bothers you while you are there, it's away from my computer and video games which distract me at home and there are reference materials available if I need them.As far as actually borrowing books from the library, I have not done so for a long time. My local library never has anything I am looking for unless it's Shakespeare so I would have to order the books anyway and then wait for them, in which case I might as well buy a copy off ebay for $5. College libraries tend to have a better selection, but I'm not in college anymore.
ugly and pleb taste. no thanks
shitlordsBlack attractionWhale detected
Borges is a god you uncultured swine.
It was overfilled all throughout May because of people studying for their finals.
libraryfag here, it's all old people and kids that go to hang out after school and make noise. I think I've only seen a single non-jailbait QT there.
oh and this is a suburban library so you get none of this dirty shit     
LONDON
My 64 year old father goes there and checks out CDs from the 50's. He knows the librarians by name and thinks they're his friends. Nobody else goes to the library.
they didn't make cds in the 50s, you retard.
They put all that content onto CDs. For example:
Where I come from it's completely normal and acceptable to find homeless people all over the place. I'm genuinely confused as to why people find this problematic. They're homeless people taking a small opportunity to be in a place which offers free hospitality during sun hours, relatively nice water at least compared to public parks, restrooms slightly more cleansly than public restrooms er, you know what I mean and on top of that still show interest in literature. What's the problem?
You must live in a boring suburban town.
I'm guessing most in this thread don't know the difference between a hobo and a bum.
this made me laugh
Is there any sort of theory or explanation as to why ancient novels were so fucking massive? I mean, in the West Homer's epics, in the Middle East and India Gilgamesh, Mahabharata or Far East Three Kingdoms, Tale of Genji; I can understand these lengths for religious works, but to take the time and limited resources to write these massive tales that must have taken hundreds of scrolls of parchment. Or is it simply that these stories have been saved and exist to this precisely because of their size?
Stop being a pleb intimidated by medium size books. You fucking disgust me.
Any other essential long epic works from around the world to own?Im buying everything I can in hardcover and after an unfortunate fire in a shed where some of my books were stored.So while I am crying rebuying shit I lost, what long masterful epics should I also pick up?
Because when those stories were written, they were literally all there was. They were the first, and so they had to be comprehensive, self-contained narratives.If you look at more recent works, a great deal of description and characterization is accomplished through symbolism and references to classical sources. Like, these days someone who works extremely hard on a seemingly insurmountable task might be described as putting forth a Herculean effort, invoking the whole story of Hercules and his various labors. But when the ancients were first writing that story, they had to describe it all in detail. They couldn't compare Hercules to himself, obviously.
after an unfortunate fire in a shed where some of my books were stored.Shit, I'm sorry dude. I'd suggest the Lusiads. That's often overlooked, but I like them.
they had to describe it all in detailNot this at all. In fact, they referenced things even older and more than references now. Have you ever read The Tale of Genji. Every single page has annotations telling you which poem or story its referencing.I don't think they were very long, though. Sure there are the epics you mentioned, but also many shorter myths. And a lot of the stories you mention were only ever read in small amounts a bit at a time. Every chapter of Genji for example went around the court gaining admiration, it wasn't all written in a month then published like books are now.
Most epic or all "true" epic? traditions are oral, meaning they weren't so much written as they were a story or collection of stories woven together along a narrative skeleton by a singer/poet who could mix and match elements according to his audience. Ong says that the griots who told the Sundiata stories IIRC were capable of remembering absolutely fucking enormous amounts of tales and weaving them together for 35-hour long compositions, but that when asked to simply give comprehensive narratives so they could be written down or to sing them 'in order', the griots were confused and sort of had to force it. So they were capable AND desirous of remembering shitloads of information, and probably of doing long 'compositions' poetic displays on certain occasions, but they didn't think of it as an orderly progression or one monolithic thing to memorise.Also a lot of epic traditions like Journey to the West and the Three Kingdoms stories are just folk tales woven together by collating editors into coherent accounts. Same with the 1001 Nights. The Anthony C. Yu version of Journey to the West people usually buy is an abridgment down to the barebones, famous narrative, but you can buy the real deal, unabridged also by Yu, and it's just 600 times longer, incredibly redundant, and sort of lousy and boring most of the time, because it's less well synthesised than something like the 1001 Nights. You can even see this in something like Herodotus, where he tells stories like the one about Aristo the dolphin riding homo, and gives slightly alternate accounts because he was given multiple versions of the story by multiple locales again, Ong says oral societies are very good at appropriating traditional stories and relating them to their own situations, e.g. saying Aristo was from OUR city, not theirs. No doubt the versions of the story he heard were much longer, and mutually exclusive, but he synthesises them and shortens it to 'both these cities like to tell the Aristo story with minor essential differences'. Gilgamesh is just another one of these. It's definitely an oral composition, far, far antedating the invention of writing. Actually the invention of writing VASTLY antedates the idea to commit 'literature' so, oral literature, legends and songs and wisdom sayings etc. to writing. Writing has existed in many, many societies for very long times before anyone even had the concept that it could be used to record literature, up until that point oral, let alone CREATE literature. Basically, writing restructures the way we think, and oral societies simply thought very differently, even well into the recent past when writing was still restricted to a tiny portion of the population.The Mahabharata is kind of an oddity though in that it's unchanging I think? or at least meant to be. It's not an oral bardic tradition. If any of this interests you I'd really recommend reading Orality & Literacy by Walter Ong.
ancient novelsthey aren't novels
People back the didn't have shit to do but avoid barbarians and write beautiful literature. tfw you'll never be an irish monk during the Carolingian renaissance studying latin and greek, living the ascetic lifestyle and getting drunk with your monk bros
Or is it simply that these stories have been saved and exist to this precisely because of their size?Basically this.After thousands of years, the only works we remember from antiquity are the absolute masterpieces. Hell, even as recently as the 19th century, most crappy pop novels from that period are all but lost.You can be sure that there were thousands of different tales being told by entertainers back in the ancient era, but they were fucking awful and nobody wrote them down.
monkdrunkIs that what a monk does?
Yes, many of the famous alcoholic beverages cordials, beers and some of the more fine wines began their reputation in monasteries. Fun historical fact, in the early middle ages German monks loved to drink beer so much that they thought it was a sin. They asked the pope, and the pope drank some and hated it. He then labeled the drinking of beer as a penance because it tasted so bad, much to the glee of the Germans.
I am a web developer and I have been considering this idea for some time now but haven't had enough time to implement it. I'm inbetween projects this month and would like to put this together. The idea is an online literary journal which runs automatically for /lit/. I want it to be 100% community driven. My idea is to be able to submit a short story, chapter, philosophical discourse, political piece, book review, experimental literature, and so on, and let other submitters or community members vote on what should be included in the final publication each month.I want to make it clear that this is a /lit/ community project. I don't wish to moderate it or attempt to guide in any way the evolution of literature produced by us. Whether it result in political propaganda, overused memes, or genre fiction, I want it to be organic and uninhibited.At the end of each month the publication will be available for view online or download as a PDF which will be automatically generated in the format of the magazine. You will be able to subscribe to receive the entire PDF each month by e-mail. Does anyone have ideas on how the pieces should be submitted and voted upon? The obvious way is a sign-up to submit and vote on the web interface. Some alternatives I have considered: A process to crawl /lit/ and auto-submit anything replied to with "greenthesis" or an e-mail address that receives pieces.For voting I am not sure if it should be open to anyone and limited by IP address, by contributers only, or only by people who have been published in previous editions.Thoughts?
Yeah I'm a big fan of this idea. Although I would be hesitant to submit anything I worked hard on anonymously
what makes this better/different than reddit?
People should be able to choose if a name is published or not. Maybe a star or indication next to the name if it's someone who signed up on the site, to avoid imitation
Sounds like a very cool idea, would definitely use it a lot. I agree with the user above that submitting my work anonymously to be stolen is a bit sketchy, so profiles should be made
It would be a PDF each month of only the stories that were chosen. There would be no "discussion" as this wouldn't be a discussion website. If anyone wanted to discuss a story published they would make a thread here for that. It wouldn't be a place to go with its own culture- just a tool for /lit/ to use.
for voting there should only be an indication that it will be published or not, instead of showing how many votes it received, to avoid bias and masturbation
Maybe it should be so that you can subscribe to it and select subscription options to include new submissions. The e-mail that gets sent to you with the new submission includes instructions to reply to the e-mail, which will send a vote for it.How do you guys feel about web interface vs. just email?
Some added 4chan ideology instead of only reddit ideology on the upboats, I suppose.
I think discussion on the texts would be the biggest draw personally, but either way i think its a great idea
I would like to keep that on /lit/ so that the site doesn't become a community in itself. I can make stories individually linkable so that you can make threads about them
Also if any design fags are here feel welcome to put together a site design. I'm going to go ahead and program all the basic functionality but I'm not a designer. PDF design too.
 Well maybe the voting could take place on /lit/ directly by having dedicated threads and the ability to vote. As moot's successors won't be doing new stuff for the site just as he did one could write a userscript to get a voting-feature directly for these /lit/-threads. But another option would be to simply have these dedicated threads needs a website, maybe some identifyable image and a username-trip with submissions with them being votable by going to the site and entering the post-ID e.g. 6628105.Also I guess the content should be highly dynamic and open to voting as simple "book reviews" are too mundane/ordinary to crystallize anything worthy off /lit/.
Fuck off, faggot
Consider bilingual entries.
I have no idea how this could work since I'm kind of an idiot when it comes to web disgniang but my ego wants it done.
are literary journals coming back to /lit/?
This isn't a literary journal. Read the thread. There was a thread earlier this week about a new literary journal called ideology though.
The idea is an online literary journalu illiterate?
But that would limit the size of the submissions by a lot. I think it would be reasonable to submit your first chapter or something like that.
No accounts would be nice, but then the voting could be rigged easily...A bot that takes the stories from /lit/ would be godly, though. So long as it's one vote per 'zine and no "downvotes" I'm sold.
I want it to be 100% community driven. My idea is to be able to submit a short story, chapter, philosophical discourse, political piece, book review, experimental literature, and so on, and let other submitters or community members vote on what should be included in the final publication each month.Then why are you on /lit/?No one here knows what they are talking about, they are completely subjective, moronic, and NEET's who can barely even make the effort to shit post.GTFOPlus, most of the shit posted here is by /r9k/ and /pol/ anyways.
I second this idea
I've seen a couple ok things posted in the prose critique threads, and I have seen interesting opinions in the philosophy threads. alsopeople can only post on /lit/ and can't also go on other boardslol
Fishing pretty deep for a resume builder, huh.
I think you've just outlined reddit.
people can only post on /lit/ and can't also go on other boardsnot the point cuntpeople shitpost /pol/shitposts and /r9k/shitposts on a literary board. GTFO /r9k/tard
stop posting any time
Then GTFO with your faggy fucking idea.
Bump for interesting idea that will go nowhere
What does /lit/ think of William S. Burroughs' Nova Trilogy?What do you think of the cut-up technique in general?Have you ever experimented with it?
What do you think of the cut-up technique in general?Pure pretentious bull fucking shit.
I think it's brilliant. A flawless expression of the id via drug induced hysteria. Shame its so under appreciated, probably because of how pornographic it all is.
i find his early works hard to follow, but i want to read these,someday i suppose.How does the cut up technique works exactly?
Why of all places do you choose /int/ to complain about something being pretentious?
Just giving my opinion. I think cut-up is silly. Maybe interesting as conceptual art, but I've got 0 interest in it as actual literature.
I tried to read Naked Lunch and couldn't get 3 fucking pages into it god dammit I want to read it so bad but it makes zero sense and is a complete headache to read.
His Trilogy can be tiresome and I'm not gay so the gay sex scenes get a quick read. However I think he was trying to experiment with how memory worked as he revisited the same scene again and again and thought it appeared identical when it was in fact, not.Burroughs realized he had a limited talent so he experimented with the cut-up to help spark ideas and his own imagination.Yes I have experimented with the cut-up and if you're stuck in a block, it can give you fresh ideas.
What early works are you referring to?If you couldn't follow Junkie or Queer then the cut-up trilogy would probably bamboozle you. If you couldn't follow Naked Lunch, you should still give The Soft Machine a try. The Burroughs-porn comparison is pretty apt, you don't really go to either of them for plot-lines.
Maybe interesting as conceptual art, but I've got 0 interest in it as actual literature.Bingo. I love Burroughs but these works just are not worth actually reading.
I read these in my teens. I was fucked up a lot of the time, so I was in the appropriate mindframe.I messed around with the cut-up technique quite a bit during this period. Burroughs really wanted the cut-up technique to catch on, but he really did all that can be done with it. useful if you're working on something else that isn't strictly cut-ups, I guess, if it somehow fits, but nobody is going to write or want to read another book that's all cut-ups after the Nova Trilogy. and actually, this trilogy is a must-read for understanding Burroughs and his goals, if you've read his more accessible stuff and liked it. otherwise, I don't think it's possible to enjoy these books in the first place. I got a lot out of them. important books for me during my formative years, increased my understanding of what art is and what it can do. a lot of good lulz in there too.
I found Naked Lunch to be really beautiful in places, I certainly don't agree with the assertion that Burroughs is just plain bad at writing prose. I also thought that structuring the novel as a series of very loosely related vignettes allowed it to be just cohesive enough to be intelligible, but also fractured enough to give it a panoramic sort of worldview.I've got to confess though, the cut-up trilogy was too much for me. I believe there is such thing as too much fracture and fragmentation.
Reading William Burroughs I flopped between thinking I was missing something or thinking it was the most pretentious vapid wank-shit I have ever heard.What exactly separates something like Naked Lunch from a Gross Out movie? Who can tell me this? I think I understand the overarching point that Heroin makes you fucking insane, but when I read the back of the book and I discovered there was actually supposed to be a loose plot I had no idea what they were talking about.
Pretentious garbage liked by pretentious pedophiles
Cronenberg adaptation of Naked Lunch was pretty good
Junky and Queer are enough Burroughs for me, I really liked Junky. I tried Naked Lunch and just couldn't really get into it. Maybe I'll try again sometime.
Favorite short stories.
A Good Man is Hard to Find is GOAT tier. That Evening Sun by Faulkner is great. Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been? as well.
/lit/, I am trying to find the Loeb Classical Library versions of classic texts such as Homer's Odyssey and Iliad. However I am having difficulty finding them. Lib gen doesn't seem to have them completely for example only books 1-12 for the odyssey and iliad and #bookz either doesn't have it or has problems trying to send it. Anyone know of a resource to get these versions of classic texts?
Justify the existence of MFA programs and the humanities in general. Why do these rigor-free disciplines continue to receive funding? Shit like pic related is embarrassing.
Do you even know why an autonomized partial object is important from a lacanian point of view?
yes, but it's still weird that he would use that as an example "par excellence"
I don't, but I'm curiouscould you please explain to me?
The substitution is the important aspect here, not the fist itself, so this example does explain the partial object in relation to narcissism in a very obvious manner: the genitalia has not mattered in a while in our society, substituted by many other partial objects.4chan's longtime obsession with traps is another great example of this.
From The Fragile Absolute:What we should do in order to penetrate the underlying 'fundamental famtasy' is to stagebthese two fantasies together: to confront ourselves wiyhbthr unbearable couple of a male ape copulating with a female cyborg, the fantasmatic support of the 'normal' man and woman copulating. The need for this redoubling, the need for this fantasmatic supplement to accompany the 'straight' sexual act as a spectral shadow, is yet another proof that 'there is no sexual relationship.'I don't think there is a need to imagine that, or that this proves aything.
I'm not fond of Zizek's tendency to examplify Lacan by using pop culture or gluing together marxism where it doesn't really work.He is trying to explain a Lacanian theory in the most obnoxious way possible. It is very simple at heart: there is no sexual relationship because there is a fundamental impossibility to transform two or more bodies into one the fantasy underlying our romantic impetus and because we never truly connect as exemplified by the impossibility to know if the other person is having pleasure or even an orgasm - there is no way for pleasure to transcend a subject, there is only the returning libido you yourself put into that sexual relation.
Why would this substitution be of any relevance?Because it explains how our drive[trieb] works in relation to other objects be it a person or anything else which is invested by libido.The way through which we invest and interact with other objects is mostly narcissistic in its self-satisfying and deeply disconnected way. We are barred from the other because we simply cannot thrust our own libido into another person, we can only make it go around the object of desire the small a object - objet petit a and return to us, hence making us feel pleasure.Think of a kiss, you never really enter the other person you are kissing, you merely touch their erogenous zone please note we can make any part of our body into an erogenous zone, if you ever felt pleasure from a massage, that's it, and by contacting that erogenous zone you are able 'slide' your libido near the objet petit a and thus, when receiving back your own libido you tried your damnedest to put into another person, you feel pleasure.It's really fucking hard to explain this in english, your language doesn't really lend itself to Lacan like romance languages...
Explíca en Espanol, ¿por favor?
It makes sense, it just doesn't seem profound. It seems like basic psychological insight, tbh. Of course the fantasy of unity is present in sex, and of course it's a fantasy. Of course women are just bodies that look a little different from my own. I just don't see how it's a big deal.
The big deal is that up until Freud's time genitality was seen and thought of as the exclusive way though which one could achieve pleasure.You are a product of your own time, and to you it all seems obvious, but only because guys like Freud and Lacan did what they did and changed society's outlook on sexuality and it's role in the psychic life.
Sorry, portuguese speaker here. My spanish is very rusty, it's been almost 10 years since I last published in spanish.
It seems like that's only a significant development in the field of psychology. That kind of thing is an initial assumption in belief systems that don't emphasize the necessity of sexual pleasure for the sake of happiness. It isn't really an insight outside of the discourse that Lacan constructed around himself.
You are absolutely right. It is only important for psychoanalysts and for structuralist and post-structuralist thought.
I think a large part of the issue is that there just wasn't much literature published in English while those movements were taking place. I'd honestly prefer Lacanian psychoanalysis in my TV shows and films to the naive Freudian stuff propagated on shows like The Sopranos. Americans are basically captives of our own perverse discourse to the same degree some of us accuse Lacan of being. But Zizek does legitimately seem a little bit fraudulent.
But the same couldn't be said of most structuralists, if anything those guys are very rigorous and almost universally interested in formalization of their respective fields.Lacan's mathemes are exactly that, the decoding of mythology on Levi-Strauss follows a very formal process, Derrida's desconstruction also follow very strict rules even if most contemporary deconstructionists completely disregard them..., etc...
What a bunch of crock.Chomsky is right about this man.
I'm sure. I'm not so familiar with the rest of the structuralist phenomenon, other than Zizek, so I'm not trying to criticize the whole movement.
kekking hard
Justify the existence of MFA programs and the humanities in general.That's not how the burden of proof in rhetoric works. You're desiring change from the status quo. It's your responsibility to argue it.
No I'm not, I'm asking you to justify something.
testin'
lacanian point of viewSorry, I don't care about charlatanism
Justify your presence on a board for users 18 years of age and up, kid
How do you /lit/ ?
By reading. A bunch.Enjoy.
you favourite series in the list, /lit/?
liking a seriesToppleb
Wow. I write sci fantasy and even I admit that list is 80% horseshit.Wow.Wow.Wow.
Hey. In need someOn edge, nail biting, unnerving, craving for the next bit, fantasy novel. Preferably Urban Fantasy. I've book looking for books for a few days but nothing really catches my interest. For reference I loved "The Last Wish" and liked the Dark-Hunter series. So if that helos, please help me. :D
/out/
Fantasyfags, how do you compete with THIS?
Photographyfags, how do you compete with THIS?
What is dune? The cover looks cool
star wars with arabs
Actually?
giant piece of shitProbably by producing their own steaming pieces of shit, with swords and sers and "totally not magic this is serious fiction oh wait there's totally magic"
moby dick with worms
Hyperion?
Worm hunters? Thats disgusting
Pretty much.
its gay slang, son.i will love ride that guy makershit i sure will love being drowned in those DUNEShave you tasted his water of life?beware
By reading it and laughing at how Herbert trolled L Ron Hubbard?
Starmaker.
Lawrence of Arabia + Game of Thrones, in space.
Game of ThronesI cut you.
backstabbing noble houseseveryone is a dickall the likable characters diethe later books become weird and pointlessly edgyFace it, there is a more than superficial similarity between the two series.
pure altruism is impossible. any example of altruistic behavior can be reduced to self-interest.take mother teresa for example. Her supposed motivations for helping all those people were lies masking her need to feel spiritually elevated relative to the rest of us. either that or she was just trying to get rid of the displeasure arising from her contemplation of misfortune.even a soldier who throws himself in front of a grenade is acting selfishly in that he wanted to feel heroic. People like him have been thoroughly possessed by the idea of sacrifice as an ultimate good, to the point where the immense desire or urge to experience the self-rightoussness of it can be fatal to the subject. the exploding soldier is no different than the heroin addict who dies after an overdose. he needs the feeling as the junkie needs the needle, and when the grenade is tossed, just like the addict, he is devoid of free will and jumps to his death, just so he can know that feel.do you agree,?if you don't, why are you so naive?
This is a semantic issue. "True" altruism might be impossible but altruism isn't. Just because there are some self-serving reasons to be altruistic doesn't mean altruism isn't altruism. It's just that altruism by definition covers things that have certain self-serving aspects.We only applaud people for being altruistic because it helps us through others, so why are you getting all het up about it?
lmao them 6th grade insights about humanity
i want to fuck that girl
Altruistic behaviour, to the point of self-sacrifice, exists even in many animals. have they been brainwashed to aspire for glory, too?
she's a big girla lot of her charm to me comes from the fact that her face is not that of a typical /fit/ girl, she looks humble and insecure
Stirner thread?
Cool. The egoism/altruism dichotomy is false.
Pure [any motive] is impossible because people don't function in such a clear cut way. Assuming that they would is oversimplification for the sake of artificial clarity.
She's a big girlfor you
boasting about being overweight
He's a big guy
No shit.
insecureanybody lifting is insecure
Are they sacrificing themselves for their siblings? Since animals share 1/2 of their genes with their siblings well, more like 1/2 of the genes above the genes that all individuals of a species have, if an animal increases the likelihood its siblings will reproduce by sacrificing itself, it's worth it for the animal if it helps 2+ siblings. They'll do it because they want to pass on their genes, but it doesn't matter if they themselves do it, their siblings can also pass on their genes since they share them. Of course they aren't consciously calculating or rationalizing this, all sorts of strategies from pure selfishness to pure altruism probably arose at some point and the individuals that stuck to the model I just described were the most successful. So yes, it might be fair to say the animals have been brainwashed by their genes to sacrifice themselves for the "glory" of their genes. t. read the Selfish Gene
not lifting for the endorphinsnot enjoying the benefits of having a strong bodySeems like you are the one who is insecure, Anon.
I strongly doubt an animal has any grasp of genetics, and neither do you. If we sacrifice ourselves for the sake of our genes, it's the genes who are being selfish, not us.
We are our genes you cretin.
We are our genes, and a whole lot more. I want the naturalists to leave. And I say this as someone who supports the viewpoint that pure altruism is impossible.
We most cetainly are not genes. Genes are stretches of DNA and RNA, I am no such stretch.
That's exactly what I said. And what animals consciously do has almost nothing to do with their evolutionary strategy being successful or not, natural selection only cares if it works. An animal could think it's sacrificing itself for the glory of your cereal box, it doesn't matter if it increases the likelihood of its siblings reproducing enough.
I should have said "it doesn't matter as long as..." to be more clear.
people think genes are some sort of underlying source code like a computer program which slavishly follows the demands of the code, but they're really just little objects inside a human which perform different functions on the micro-levelthe genes inside me coding for DNA polymerase enzyme is just as much a part of me as that time I stepped on a shard of glass when I was seven
A man laying on his deathbed anonymously gives away all of his possessions. He does not profit from his generosity in the way of recognition, this is altruism
None of what you said renders the behaviour of the individual specimen egoistic in any way.
do you agree,?if you don't, why are you so naive?Killer argument, man.
right before his death he feels the joy of generosityHe profits alright, just not all that notably.
He wasn't saying it does. What's wrong with you, lad?
How? Is it not selfish to increase the frequency of your genes in the gene pool?
So, the argument against altruism is going to be:it feels too good to do good things for them to be genuinely good?Fucking brilliant. Master motherfucking intellect. Pure absolute cuntdestroying transcendence.
Yeah, pretty much. Not what you were expecting? Too real for you?
Pure altruism is an asymptote, but what you conclude from that is what really determines what a shitheel you are
Not necessarily. Concious self-interest egoism and instinct can be at odds.
I'd say it isn't. I mean, sure, ppeople might take some rather ideological pleasure in believing that doing such makes them immortal, or at least less mortal than those who do not continue their lineage, but that's just people, and I doubt that such thoughts occurr to animals. After all, the genome does not need to produce such thoughts and emotions, all it needs to produce is a genuine empathy for those you consider your own, and they'll survive better than genomes that produce no such thing.
It's what he meant though: 
Nah. Too nonsensical.
That's a different lad I think. The former lad said the genes are the selfish ones, not us, the gene vessels.
I think I see where our disagreement lies. I was describing animals as selfish since they are being "guided" by an outside force natural selection to act selfishly even though they might consciously be acting out of altruism. So their actions are selfish, but their rationalization if they even have any might not be.
That's pretty much Kant's issue with good feel good deeds.
He was replying to me, and tht is what I had said earlier, so I still am under the impression that he wanted to argue that acting on behalf of selfish genes is in itself selfish behaviour. If he didn't, I have no idea what he intended to tell me, which I hadn't pointed out myself.
But if I prefer helping the poor to raping the poor doesn't that mean I'm ultimately beholden to what I think is the greater good?Doesn't it logically follow then that the only thing keeping me from being a pure altruist is the fact i lack the means to make everyone happy forever?
Animals don't always act selfishly though. They tend to act in ways that serves the conservation of their genes, not their selves.What's good for the genes and what's good for the self can be diametrically opposed.
Yes, I was arguing that selfish genes is pretty much equivalent to selfish behavior. I just don't think the animal's rationalization of their actions makes the actions themselves less selfish.
Kant doesn't consider this as problematic as people often think, though: as long a your behaviour is in line with the categorical imperative, you're fine, even if it does make you happy. His point is that the categorical imperative still holds up when this isn't the case.
take mother teresa for example. Her supposed motivations for helping all those people were lies masking her need to feel spiritually elevated relative to the rest of us. I love when people make really big claims that their argument rests on but they don't back them up.How are you going to posit that you KNOW someone's motivation for something but have no proof of it? You've most likely never met mother teresa. You probably also don't know anything about her, outside of a little of the press she received and general "common sense" appropriations about her. But so you still claim to somehow, magically know her innermost motivations for doing what she did.God, please fuck off you moron.
This could go back and forth forever. It just depends on if you think propagating your genes is selfish for the individual or selfish for the genes at the expense of the individual.
girlNot with those gorilla shoulders.
she's quite clearly rippedif she was a man she'd look much broader
And there we have it, you simply fail to understand what the words "selfish" or "egoism" mean, even if that is fucking simple as fuck. I mean, just look at the words: they indicate behaviour for the sake of an ego, a self. Not for something bigger than yourself, which you are part of, like, for example, your genes. The animal disregards its self, or ego, or whatever such creatures have in place of those, for the sake of something it shares with other animals, some of which do not even exist yet. If this isn't genuine altruism, you need to give us your own definition of that term.
You define genes as something different from the animal, I don't. Therefore we see their actions differently. That's as far as we're going to get.
Well, this argument often stands on the fact that nobody can really know why somebody actually does something, not even the persons themselves. As such the egotism vs altruism debate becomes moot in some regards. Personal opinion is still relevant though.
reducedThat's where you're fucking up OP, you're simplifying an idea until it fits into your narrow view.I can take any persons action and find some roundabout way that person benefits and it's easy to do because all actions have consequences and all consequences have pros and consOPs theory says more about the way we structure reality than the human condition
You define genes as something different from the animal, I don'tThat amounts to admitting you're wrong. You don't get to choose to ignore the difference between species and individual, or of genotype and phenotype, no way.
Genes are different from the animal, I could do a gel electrophoresis and prove it to you.
nothing beats solipsism, but too many people see this as a problem
You define genes as something different from the animal, I don't.Then how can identical twins be at different places at the same time?
But if you define the genes as something separate from the animal, are you the one ignoring genotype/phenotype/etc? We're talking about the actual, physical gene, not the information on them. Like, if you print two copies of picture and give them to two different people, they each treat it as their picture even though the information on the picture is the same between them.
So if you can remove something from an animal, you can't define it as part of the animal? My brain or any other body part can be removed from my body, that doesn't make it any less me.
Whoops, thought he meant that the genes were the animaas opposed to part of the animall, teaches me to not pay attention.
But if you define the genes as something separate from the animal, are you the one ignoring genotype/phenotype/etc?I never said they existed seperately, just that they are not identical.We're talking about the actual, physical gene, not the information on themyou just established the difference you are disputing. congratulations.
So if you can remove something from an animal, you can't define it as part of the animal?to focus on this, it depends on want you want. A limb cannot survive for long without the attachment to its body or another today.
I never said that they were identical, just that the physical organism and its genes are a part of them same whole and that genes + body = animal, and if you are judging the actions of the body without taking the genes into consideration you aren't accurately judging the actions of the animal.
I never said that they were identicalyou did, numerous times.just that the physical organism and its genes are a part of them same whole and that genes + body = animalgenes + body = animalThat is complete nonsense. The animal is the expression of genetic information in the form of a physical body, a process that, btw, is in no way straightforward, cf. epigenetics.and if you are judging the actions of the body without taking the genes into consideration you aren't accurately judging the actions of the animal.Indeed, the theory of evolution, including the account of Dawkins, provides a good explanation for how altruistic behaviour emerges as a way of reproducing genetic information. Since genetic information and actual physical specimens are not the same, it tells us fuck all about wther or not a behaviour can properly be characterized as altruistic, as that term is actually meaningless when applied to things that neither live nor act, like for example genetic information. Our conversation leads me to believe that metaphors such as the "selfish gene" for all they're worth may do more harm than good, as it apparently leads you to believe that genes have intentions.
So basically your argument, OP, is that absolutely everything you ever do is "selfish"?
Show me exactly where I said that genes are exactly the same thing as the animal that in no way could be interpreted as genes being an integral part of the animal. Still, you're describing the animal's behavior as altruistic when the whole point of "The Selfish Gene" was that "altruistic" behavior often is not truly altruistic, it's just acting selfishly from a genetic perspective often looks altruistic to an external observer.
Show me exactly where I said that genes are exactly the same thing as the animal that in no way could be interpreted as genes being an integral part of the animal.much obliged:it's just acting selfishly from a genetic perspectiveYou're making a categorical error there, though: genes do not have a perspective of their own, nor do they have a self-interest in a meaningful sense. As a physical reality, they fucking die with the animal they're part of. The only thing that survives is the information, i.e. the abstract configuration of molecules. That's what you call selfish right there: acting on behalf of information you don't know.
Those weren't my comments.
Misquoted the first one:That one was you, right? Otherwise you just got into our conversation without clarifying you're a different person.
since its causing confusion, just disregard the "pure" part. everything still holds
Do I genuinely feel "heroic" when I throw myself on a grenade?Or is that the justification my brain makes up to give my body the will to do what it knows it must?
Yes, that was me. I said genes were not different from the animal because they are an integral part of the animal, I didn't mean to imply they were exactly the same thing. Sorry for the confusion.
Oh well, in that case, it should be clear: selfishness on part of an integral compononent is not the same as selfishness on part of the whole.
so, even impure altruism is impossible? that is, the kind that comes mixed with non-altruistic motives? well, that is even greater nonsense.
Can't decide if this girl is sexy or not. Her legs look way too big and muscular and her shoulders way too broad but I still want to fuck her, she has a cute petite face.Is my desire to fuck her altruistic?
give in to the snu snu, faggot
Her legs look way too big and muscular and her shoulders way too broadshe has a cute petite face.She's not le pornstar skinny but that awful horse face is cute, somehowUnderage virgin confirmed
Projecting muchstill using 'ironic funny le'Underage redditing virgin confirmed
It's the latter, since it's a behaviour that also takes place in individuals that have no concept of self.
she's not le pornstar skinnyNice meme newfriend, welcome to 4chan. We don't really enjoy le funny le and ironic narwhal here. We also aren't annoying little fags, try to lurk for a few months before posting. In your case it should probably be years because 4chan is an 18+ website not for underage kids.
I just like helping people because it feels good. I just like people being happy or feeling satisfied. I dont have some hero complexat least not in the sense of helping people like that spreading joy really is nice
Why aren't you on your containment board /b/ child?
Jesus Christ I want her to crush my temples between her thighs until my head explodes, what the fuck man. How can someone be this sexy? Full clothed no less.
claiming "no action is ultimately altruistic" is just as reductive and unfalsifiable as claiming "all actions are ultimately altruistic"
Yes, OP, we know we live in the times where game theory and economics is the dominant way of rationalizing behavior. All you're saying here is what counts as common sense today. And if you were living in the middle ages, you would be saying self-interest is the work of the devil.Try harder.
Satan's trips do not lie!
Altruism may not be "perfect" in whatever sense you're trying to define it, but looking out for people and not wanting things in return, putting my own needs on a lower priority than others helps me sleep at night and it makes other people happy.
Was getting trips part of your plan?
everything you do is selfish, but some selfishness is more damaging than others
The leap is when you take this and imply that all forms of self-interest are equally good, which is not in evidence.
Who gives a fuck.
What a bad take on a meaningless topic.
This is my fetish and i'm /fit/ and strongno homo
This doesn't work for humans though, almost everyone hates his family at some point
What if the 'altruist' was egoless in his or her giving. Egolessness is subjective so only a person himself could know weather or not an action was truly egoless but knowing would require verification with the ego and therefore impossible. Therefore the altruist could only be one who is not altruistic.
pics
What you don't realize is that the answer doesn't matter. At all. It does not matter one lick to morality if altruism is possible or not.What is altruism? Acting for another's good without any thought to your own good. Now one could make your argument, that such a thing is impossible, one is always paying at least partial attention to one's own good, and it is impossible not to. Or one could argue endlessly trying to establish that you're wrong, that it is in fact possible to act completely selflessly. Either way, it doesn't matter except in our current corrupt moral system which identifies altruism as the highest good, to the point that it produces a bad conscience in anyone who benefits from their good deeds! We've created a kind of Kantian defomity where your action is only so good as you do it altruistically, regardless of the consequences it eventually produces. As long as you don't BENEFIT, it is moral.What is needed is to turn this decadent morality on its head, and say that altruism has NOTHING to do with morality. Nothing at all. Nothing. Doing good to others, BECAUSE you benefit from it, should be the law of the day. Seek eudaimonia through COOPERATION, pursue self-interest through MUTUAL BENEFIT, do well by doing good. What we need is for vast numbers of people to internalize the idea that instead of viewing morality as a kind of self-sacrifice, which is inherently offensive to our nature even if it is possible, viewing it as an opportunity. That happiness is the bedfellow of RIGHTEOUSNESS. That you can advance your own self-interest by advancing the interest of others, and it is in this that 99% of all proper social conduct consists.
Kant's ethical system is irrelevant. It's one of the worst normative ethical systems
The idea that true altruism can't exist is unfalsifiable.
maybe in the case of men.but billions of women have raised children, which gives virtually nothing back but sucks the literal life out of these women. how many women have died due to a pregnancy that they didn't want? dying to give life while being subjugated and demeaned for the very act is pretty selfless.
There go my sides
 which gives virtually nothing backwow my mom must have lied to me she told me she loves me
i can't fathom why a mother would love a miserable sack of shit that wastes his time on 4chan
but do you deserve her love or does she just feel like she probably should love you given that she risked death and sacrificed nearly everything to have you?
wow rudeI am good to her and reasonably successful in life and she's too affectionate to not be genuine
nature is a bitch
Altruism is a myth, otherwise capitalism wouldn't exist.
implying capitalism always existed
capitalism is based on rational self-interestThat's the joke, capitalism is shitty for almost everyone involved. Capitalism only works as long as people, even in the high echelons, sacrifice their self-interest for the sake of the enterprise.
Are you serious?
good to her in what ways?generally speaking, i can see how a daughter could give a mother immense satisfaction and joy, but there's so much negativity that comes from bringing a son into the world, factually speaking. i'm assuming you're male due to the way you present yourself. i mean women don't usually say things like "i'm reasonably successful therefore the love of my mother is deserved". females are expected from a young age to fake affection, btw
burjo bora :-DDDDD
That's a pretty shallow assessment of capitalism.Self-interest is a bit more complex than you're giving it credit for.
The genes and in the case of humans memes are the real self. Almost everything a healthy life form does is to propagate it's genetic and/or mimetic information. An organism is just a puppet the genes create to protect themselves, thoughts have a similar relation to the people they inhabit.Prove me wrong.
I don't think I am missing any particular complexities in my assertion that capitalism depends on altruism, but why don't you point them out intead of just stating that I'm missing something?
is that from James Rachels' 'Elements of Moral Philosophy' ?
reducing physical entities to abstract informationAbstract information cannot be scientifically observed. This is reductionism is particularly nonsensical.
males are funny i.e. not funny because everything they do is for the ultimate purpose of reproducing. yet the only thing they're giving of their actual selves is their little degraded y-chromosome that doesn't do anything but fuck shit up. the x that they give is really their mother's so it's not like they actually have anything of value to give that's actually their own.
Switching tactics, I see. Protip: you're trying way too hard.
well no what was said just reminded me of that and i felt like saying it?? because it's true?? that is, rooted in reality?? plus it's on topic b/c it shows that obviously male reproduction is selfish, but female reproduction isn't.
. An organism is just a puppet the genes create to protect themselves, thoughts have a similar relation to the people they inhabit.he was right all along
have they been brainwashed to aspire for glory, too?Instinctively, yes. but not to aspire glory but for their genes to be passed on.
Imagine those thighs wrapped around your neck squeezing tightly until it becomes unbearably painful.
You realize your argument boils down to "I'm sure everyone's selfish because I'm sure they are!", right? Fuck your soldier. If a mother burns up trying to save her child in a house fire, do you think that mom was "possessed/brainwashed by yadda yadda" or just was so desperate to save her child she disregarded her own safety? Was she a "junkie devoid of free will"? Horseshit. Many MANY people have died for what they considered a worthy cause, and not because "thoroughly possessed by the idea of sacrifice as an ultimate good," but because they honestly considered something to be more important than their personal survival. I don't believe you or anyone is stupid enough to not recognize that aspect of human nature.
OP cannot possibly be older than 17It is so juvenile to talk about "altruism," "heroism" and "self-interest" as if they were points on a scoreboard or figures in a ledger.Go do something for someone. Has anyone ever truly sacrificed for you? Have you actually experienced the emotions that you're so callously quantifying? The consequences of real-life actions and the complexity of relationships are not things that can be bloodlessly categorized or clinically examined.You talk like someone who has only the vaguest understanding of how people work, most like gleaned from a half-comprehended reading of a book thats too advanced for you. There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
most likely***Point stands, sir!
i believe pure anything is impossibe, and that the way to surpass egoism is through embracing altruism as wellan egoistic altruist, or altruistic egoist if you will, someone capable of pursuing and acting in the interests of others and themself
As the benefit of others serves the self, yes, fully agree.Good thread, good legs.
, 
Which of these two should I read /joyce/?
Officially the dumbest question of the day.
Which one do you want to read?
Should I read a very important formative work or a posthumous, embrionary and incomplete version of said work?
Stephen Hero it is then.
Portrait, just don't fucking buy a Wordsworth copy
Implying the copy really matters for an english workNeeding annotations to understand the latinPlebs these days.
I take it you're new or something. He was talking about the low quality binding, paper, and print Wordsworth uses.
Well this was a very very weird read.literally no female characters in the entire book, lots of shakespeare level writing, very dark, and tons of gay implications, on top of chapters and chapters of encyclopedia knowledge on whales.i guess its what i should expect from a /lit recomendation.
a group of grown men out hunting a sperm whale called moby dick.They even call the oil from the whales sperm, so have barrels of sperm on the boat and have to get together as a group of men and run there hands through the barrels of sperm until they cant tell what is sperm and what is another mans hands.t t thanks /lit for the recomendation.
literally no female characters in the entire bookimplying this is in any way bad or inaccurate to 19th century whaling ships lots of shakespeare level writing,dense prose much like arguably the most notable writer in human history is a toll on the bookvery darkI like my books to be cheery and high-spirited :tons of gay implicationsI'm a homophobe
Yes, but did you like it?Because, if you didn't, you should re-read it -- not as a /lit recommended "great work of literature," but as an amazing story, filled with the best writing in American lit.
the actual story was awesome, especially the last few hundred pages where it got really dark.
where it got really dark.where it got really dank*
literally no female charactersWhat about Charity? She's the only one deserving of her name.
Modern literature would benefit substantially from less female characters
what the fuck is this /lit shit/lit/ motherfucker
Okay, but how did Queequeg's coffin-boat float out of the wreckage of the Pequod? I mean was it light wood or did it capture some air which forced it to the surface? I find this as extremely unrealistic and lazy writing by Melville.
no female charactersare you exaggerating or whatthe innkeeper was female. the one where quogga and ishy do their business under the covers, smoking dat wacky tobaccy in between cuddles
They made it into a lifebuoy in an earlier chapter. You're a lazy reader.
no female characterstons of gay implicationsjesus christ it's a story about whalers. men who spent years on a boat together. look I know the name of the book has dick in it and it's about sperm lol!!!!!! whales, but the book is not thinly veiled gay erotica. also the "actual story parts" you liked are like 5% of the book.
It is pretty homoerotic though, even if there's no outright buggery. Ishmael totally wanted Queequeg's Deequeg.
wrong inn brotherthe first inn was where they bro'd up and that was the crazy guy with all the paintings.the second in had mrs. Hosea or whatever where she wouldn't let ishy break the doors to get quohog out of Ramadan mediation
gay implications
It's a book about gays and homosexuality.It's trash the whole way through. No better than 50SOG
Moby-Dick is basically a knife. You use it to cut the plebs away from the patricians. Basically anyone who doesn't like it, you can discard their opinion about anything.
I read this when I was eight.
What book would you suggest to a person who is struggling with his own indolency, absolute lack of desire to do anything and absence of any feeling of social companionship?
I'd recommend for him to read John Barth's The Sot-Weed Factor. Not that it will help him with those things a book ain't gonna help him it's just a really good book.
A rebours
If only I knew, OP...I'm going to read some Ecclesiastes tonight.
Jayber Crow. It's about a guy who is single his entire life, but is still a genuine man who does his best for the community. I really enjoyed the book, and I feel that somebody in your position may as well.
Demian by herman hesse
Fuck off to /adv/suicide
also siddhartha

Pursue things that are compatible with both the vision of yourself that you desire and the current image.

Hero Living by Rudy Reyes.
What do you think it means?i think its just scattershot, you could interpret it in a million ways and that is the point, that there is no correct answerhere is a performance of it
bump for the based beckett
GodotGodHOLY SHIT MY MIND IS FUCKING BLOWN
OP hereGodot means forever in galic, beckett is irishperhaps the meaning is that there is none initially, but it is our job to find meaning in the play
Naw it plays on themes of messianism, affective states of postmodernity, etc.The fact that their names are didi and gogo suggests that what they're waiting for jesus, salvation, peace, wealth, happiness, etc. is somehow a part of them both. It could be also that their relationship is the Godot their waiting for, and there is nothing to wait for. They should hang themselves.
When I read it I thought that it could easily be interpreted as four characters each being symbols of power and where it lies in a political regime/party/whatever. Pozzo is the leader or candidate even. Lucky is the loyal maybe poor? follower. Vladimir and Estragon are the working commoners bourgeois? . The boy fits in somewhere easily, and Godot is the promises/goals never fulfilling the expectations of Didi and Gogo.There's my half-assed jr. high essay.
If by Godot I had meant God I would have said God, and not Godot-Samuel Beckett
i gotta agree with OP now that i think about it, i had my own interpertation but really who doesnt? On Beckett's part it's pretty ingenious, like writing the Tale of Scroatie McBoogerballs on purpose
The fact that their names are didi and gogo suggests that what they're waiting for...is somehow a part of them both.am i an idiot or is this nonsense?
well, kindaGodot isn't a word in Irish, he probably took it from "go deo", which does mean foreverit's pronounced "guhdjuh" though, odd that he would have turned that into "god-o"
yeah, wtf are didi and gogo supposed to mean?
Thought it was just about waiting for the war to end with a woman he didn't really love but she was the best he could do, being a phd farm laborer and novelist whose book sales were countable with 3 digits.
Godot never shows up
bump
Wizards train for years to learn secret names so they understand how to do magicBut wizards can't actually USE magic to do awesome stuff because that would, like, ruin the balance of the universe and spiritually poison the wizardI absolutely hated that about these books when I read them many years ago Both the first and third book were about a wizard getting too trigger happy and ruining the world by deciding to actually do what they were trained to do, and, you know, using magic
The book you last read describes your sex life.What was it?
A Clockwork Orange, bit rough.
Civil Disobediencefuck me
Homotopy type theory
Tristia, or Lamentations, by Ovid. Seems about right.
Theodor Mommsen's History of Rome Book IV
Gulliver's travels, bit freaky, I guess.
A book called You Should Stop Posting You Fuggen Redditor
the woman in the dunesi couldn't even appreciate the pathos of the book because i had dfw no gf so bad i just wish i was stuck down there in that hole
Candide lmao
Evelinechoice
Lolitatfw it's right
Les Miserables...Toothless blowjobs?
Asphyxiante culture by Dubuffet.mhmm, weird.
Moneymight as well happen if i get desperate enough
Lady Chatterley's LoverOh, if only.
the sun also rises
Robinson Crusoe;
Siddhartha.achieve enlightenment through contemplation of a riversit on the edge of a mass of flowing and undulating pussysounds about right.
The Emperor's New Mind
The Idiot.
Lolita #1Lolita #2Lolita #3shit's so cash
I would fuck those tight tadpole slits so fucking hard. Find out if tadpoles can bleed- If you get me.
100 Years of Solitude;_;
Infinite JestDamn...
FrankensteinSpot on
The Sorrow of Belgium :
Sounds hot and disgusting at the same time
The seven pillars of wisdom.A gay orgy with old grey haired academics comes to mind.
The road.
Fear and Trembling
biology of microorganismsmust be referring to my penis
top kekI'm reading History of ancient greecefeels like a pederast
What is philosophy? by D&GYup, pretty much. tfw Truth is a woman and she won't let me into her bedroom ;_;
fuck, same here
The sound and the Fury lolzorzroflbbq
Long Walk to Freedom - Nelson Mandela.
The Loeb Classical Library's "Greek Anthology"Vol. 1, Book VErotic EpigramsClose call. I'd been reading "The Sorrows of Young Werther" earlier last night...
The Ego and Its Own. Masturbation is my property.
After many a Summer dies the Swan. Fitting title, because my love life is dying.
tfw the last book I read actually was "The Ego and its Own" because of I wanted to understand /lit/ memesMy sex life is very individualistic... Right now I'm reading "Homage to Catalonia" so maybe I'll get to fug a Catalan qt?
on the other hand:Siddhartha.reject asceticism and, so as to be experienced in the ways of the world, be taught in the ways of love by a mistresswhat joyous dreams
The Ego and Its Own
I dodged a bullet there.I finished that book before reading lolita.
Popular Music From Vittulamh, bretty gud
The insights of solitude. Masturbation all the way.Not a big deal btw i support late virginity.
Something to Be Desired
The OdysseyMy wife may be cucking me, but on the other hand I get to have loads of sex with beautiful nymphs and witches. Not really complaining.
mfw The Foundation makes good use of technology miniturization
The Notebook, The Proof, The Third LieFugg :D How I wish this weren't accurate
the greek mythsso i guess i either rape a bunch of people or get raped by a bunch of people
Heart of a Dog. Pretty good actually.
Childhood's EndGuess I won't be a virg much longer
MetamorphosisIm not a real bug but except that its pretty accurate.
Yesssss.The Garden of Eden.
On The RoadCool
Waiting for GodotPerfect fit to be honest.
Less than zero.Truth hurts :/
Totem and taboo my sex life scaries me
Revival
I'm not even joking: The Left Hand of Darkness. It's accutate too.
Stoner
AIDS And Its Metaphors.
Underrated post
Dubliners. The Dead, specifically.So I guess I get really horny and prepare to fuck, but end up thinking about death and get too sad to be in the mood anymore. Seems accurate.
the fountainhead
Man, that's rough.
Apathy and other Small Vctories.
Mr Norris changes trainsGuess I'm into sado-masochism
It was legitimately moby dick ;
The Double.not sure what to make of that
Utopia
Pedro Páramo
Brothers cuckamazov
I don't really know what this says about mine but I know it's bad.
The Sun Also RisesPretty accurate.
Lenin and Philosophy and other Essays.Eh...what?
fuck yeah
Small Gods.
The feels man
You don't have a pee pee?
the sun also risesdamned impotence
Who is this _____ _____?
History of the Peloponnesian WarThats not funny at all actually
A severely disfigured shut-in who runs a play-by-mail role playing gameFuck
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolffml
A Franzen short story about a loser in East Germany who murders the abusive stepdad of a sexy teenager and doesn't get any thank you pussy.I'm such a cuck
Critique of Pure Reasonlol idk
The Stranger. but what does that mean in regards to sex
The book of negroes
All quiet on the Western Front, yep more or less
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX and the Quest for a Fantastic FutureSounds right
Invisible by Paul Auster[Spoiler?] Apperantly i fuck 10/10 french chicks, and get to have sex whit my own sister [Spoiler?]
Me tooIt actually describes mine perfectly
had to
As a man thinketh.
Love in the Time of CholeraI don't have a qt perfect wife like Dr. Urbino nor have I banged anywhere near as many girls as Florentino Ariza :-
History of magic. whelp.
Trips! i win.
Hegel SelectionsWell, all sexuality and sex is dialectical, so...
Childhood's EndI lost my virginity 2 months ago so for once this kind of thread produces as valid metaphor for me.
lost my virginity 2 months agoHow'd that go?
From Bismarck to Hitlergetting nastier
Notes from the underground
Ulyssestfw cuck
A personal matter by kenzaburo oeas in none of your fucking business m8sget cucked
No longer humanFuck a lot of whores? Not bad but hopefully I don't fail my suicide
The Occult Roots of NazismMy dick is an object of veneration by white men with an phobia of getting cuck'd.I call it, the Great White.
In Storms of Steeldied before I could get anyhow fitting
but he survived
You sit on your hand untill it gets numb
Wright Brothers biography So my dick is one of the greatest achievements of mankind?
The best thing those hacks did was popularize reverse threading on the non drive side crank of a bicycle.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
Moby-DickI'm okay with that
sons and lovers
You know this means musical artist Moby will give you the dick, right?
Against Method
Great expectationsMaybe some day...
Brave new world ayyyy
All the pretty horsesWell, fuck.
Nausea
The most recent was an obscure play from some jewish writer in Washington D.C., so I'll have to go with Their Eyes Were Watching God
Anna Karenina is too long, beautiful and romantic to describe my sex life because I'm a 26 year old virgin.
Stranger in a Strange Land.;^
But eventually you become a transcendent being?
Finnegans Wakeincoherent, inconsistent, and non-existent outside of mediation.
the seminar of jacques lacan book x: anxiety 1962-1963
what play?
The Name of the WindWell I'm cucked
The Face of God: Essays on Byzantine Spirituality
The Castle:
Dead Man's Cell Phone
theology and social theoryLooks like I'm being cucked by pseudo-secular Protestant capitalists.
Trollslayer
Close-mouthed kek.
I have no mouth and I must scream
Kierkegaard's biography
The Crying of Lot 49.
All Quiet on the Western Front.So basically a miserable slog where everyone gets filthy, loses limbs, and then ends with a final resigned appreciation that it's finally fucking over.K-kat n-no ;_;
but I'm not Jünger
At the Mountains of MadnessCold, foreign, and full of tentacles
Pale Fire
Norwegian WoodAnticipating much Scandinavian throb in days to come.
a nymphomaniac prowling nazi californiasounds kk
Troilus and CressidaFairly legit.
NibelungenliedThey always backstab me. I am used to cuckoldry.
The Low Carb MythPretty accurate I guess, seeing as how my sex life is also a myth
Did the cell phone kill him?
Top lel m88. Wait until all our buddies on /r/4chan get a load of this.
QbVIII guess its kinda dry with some hints of excitement.
I'm getting back into reading, the book I've started with is 120 days of Sodom...I'm so fucked.
jesus christ thatt's a dank cover
get fucked campbell, there are no heroes left in man
The SwingerI'm OK with this!
hurry on downyou betcha i will ;
American psycho
It was a book about space vampires that begins by describing astronauts holding their breaths for months at a time in cryosleep
Oedipus the Kingfug
Third Reich at War
Blindsight?
Ride the Tiger.goddammit, Evola, why you gotta make me a furry?
At least it's low in carbs.
I'm Swedish so it makes sense.
Red Dragon by Thomas Harris
The Discovery of HeavenConsidering I'm a virgin, this may come true
The dharma bumsEnlightening drunk hippie sex in the woods, not bad
Hegel's Philosophy of Historytfw no qt antithesis to sublate my hard, throbbing thesis
Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and his Years of Pilgrimage
Blood Meridian
Anti-OedipusHAha! Yes!
"mythology" - edith hamiltondamn, too true tho....
The Brothers Karamazov.tfw gf is pregnant
FiccionesWell, fuck you too, Borges
On the Genealogy of MoralsI can't parse this
Did you just call her retarded?
Technics and Time - I guess my sex life is external to me but constitutive of me? idk give me some help
Explain
It doesn't.Either the last one I finished or the any of the ones I'm still reading.
First as Tragedy, Then as Farce
Destined to Witness: Growing up Black in Nazi Germany.Sums it up perfectly tbh.... Growing up Black in Suburban Connecticut
Dungeon WorldHue.
The origin of speciesapt
A Series of Unfortunate Events: The EndSo generally uncertain future. Eh. True enough, as true as anything else.
Childhoods end or infinite jest, both work I guess
Fathers and Sons. I hate you OP.
Helmet For My PillowYes, funnily enough it's accurate. My girlfriend is japanese, and I do in fact plant my flag pole firmly into her suribachi
Advice for a Young Investigator.hahahhahahahha
dead souls:
'Event:Philosophy in transit' by Zizek,Not even close, the 'event' hasn't happened in quite a while if you catch my drift.
The Beautiful Fall
A Possible LifeNazis, guerrilla warfare and sexual affair, nice
The art of war as translated by ralph j sawyer and with introductions and diagrams by ralph j sawyer Doesn't work
Green Eggs and HamI assume that means orgasm denial
Who is this semon demon?
Seriously?
Great Expectations
Uprooted
The last thing I read was "Patriotism" by Yukio Mishima.That's OK, I guess?
yes.
thanks for playing along, auntie butters
goddamn the influx of new tripfags must all be from reddit.
10/10
Lolita;
Holy shit, that's it, I'm finally getting mouth-raped by a bunch of niggers.
lhizaveta is the only pregnant char in karamazov
Thunderball Giggity
The Selfish Gene, by Richard DawkinsH-heh
The Nimrod Hunt
The Way of Mentfw
My Stuggle book 2: A Man in LoveDamn.
Sun Tzu's The Art of War.
sword of the lictor? yikes.
engineer trilogyNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Book of lies.Heh
one hundred years of solitudeth-thanks op
Ayyy 120 days from sade.

Trainspotting
i lie every time i make a post
Dat /SS/scene with his aunt or whatever. In yelly
The orchard keeper. Would make more sense if I were a woman I suppose
The Art of Being Ungoverned: An Anarchist History of Upland Southeast Asia
SubmissionM. HoullebecqI wish
Engines of god
all quiet on the western frontdamn....
StonerHuh. Could honestly be worse.
Ride the TIger.The only way not to be consumed by the beast is to fuck its brains out
Univalence teaches that everything you would get out of sex, you can achieve autonomous, if only you go deep inside yourself. i.e. it's okay if you just fap the pain away.On a very related note, I also read what  read.
Hemingway's 'Garden of Eden' where, basically, the protagonist is married to two hot, south-european women.a man can only dream.
I might as well not have.
the concise oxford dictionary
This thread contributes nothing and is nothing.
Frankensteinnasty dick
The first short story in Voice of the FireI almost fuck a qt trap, could be worse I guess.
The Mosquito CoastNot sure how to take that.
And yet it has more replies than 90% of threads.
The Conquest of GaulWell, I've never fucked a chick from France, Belgium or Switzerland.
welcome to /lit/ - reddit with a dull edge
Bleeding Edge.I think it more accurately describes my teenage masturbatory habits.
mine's Dom Casmurro, guess it works since i'm a cuckhehehehehehehehehehe
It's not all about "Me"Surprisingly accurate. I eat the pussy and the butt.
We have officially become /mu/ You guys are fucking disgusting. I just wish all of these morons who never read books would go away
The Art of War.
The Dragon Reborn
Best post ive ever seen on this website
lel
september anon, just 3 more months
Too bad it's pasta, m8. lurk moar
Never pull out game strong
House of LeavesI don't... I don't even fucking know. The Five and a Half Minute Vagina, I guess.
, 
Bought this on a whim because the name seemed familiar, what can I expect?
just read it and find out you fucking idiot
just read it and find out what i can expecti appreciate the sentiment but that is nonsensei hope you're good with names and predisposed to delusions, because that's the best mode in which to approach it
Many years later as he faced the firing squad, OP was reminded of the time his father took him to suck cocks.
Incest similarly featured in most anime, civil wars, mad scientists, general mysticism and dictators.
Expect a great book; some retards can't keep track of the names but if you've got a family tree handy it's pretty easy. The book is full of fantastical imagery and has a really massive scope to it and yet manages a microcosm for the country of Colombia Now go fuckin read it! I clicked the burgers just to tell you this
I just finished it. I felt like I lived for generations.also this 
a mix of folklore and realism. It said he was inspired a lot by stories he heard as a kid from his grandparents and that pretty much what it feels like but It doesn't feel like some fantasy novel.The characters are great too.
This, and a confusing family tree.
It isn't confusing, as much as its annoying. All the men are named after their fathers or grandfathers.Luckily Marquez writes the men with the same name end up being archetypical. mad scientists or revolutionaries.
Every year around this time, thousands of scholars from universities across the country converge to share their best and newest thinking in the humanities and social sciences. This week they’re gathering in Ottawa. Naturally, it’s impossible to convey the richness and depth of the thousands of sessions on offer in a few hundred words. But I wanted to find out what’s hot in academia these days. So I dipped into some of the program listings.In the field of English studies my old stomping ground, nobody is interested in the classics any more. Who needs another boring monograph about Jane Austen? Time to break new ground. The presentation called Sexed-up Paratext: The Moral Function of Breasts in 1940s Canadian Pulp Science Fiction does just that. It is not atypical.I wonder what Northrop Frye would make of modern English studies? Unfortunately or perhaps fortunately, the giant of literary criticism is not around to say. The grand sweep of his work, with its timeless archetypes and universal themes of fall and redemption, enthralled a generation of students. Today he’s just another dead white male, along with Blake and Shakespeare.Another example that nicely captures the zeitgeist of this year’s conference is a presentation called Whiteness, Nihilism and Class in Grand Theft Auto V. How does this fit into an English program? It fits because pop culture – in the form of video games, comic books and lowbrow TV shows – is a rich source of discourse about whiteness, gender, class, race, and/or postcolonialism. Also, it’s post book.Themes of victimization and oppression – along with the evils of neoliberalism and the virtues of everything indigenous – have seized the humanities and social sciences by the throat, and show no sign of letting go.
Women’s and gender studies seem to be as robust as ever, with a tightly packed agenda that offers insights into such mysteries as why young men in Third World countries want to sleep with white women Commodification and Racial Scripts in Female Sex Tourism. Sexuality studies, which now has a professional association of its own, offers further revelations in sessions entitled Foot Fetish as Decolonization and You Asshole!: The Truth of Jerkoff Porn/Art. If that’s too racy, there’s also Lesbians in Space.What strikes me most is not the self-indulgent shallowness of this material. It’s the pretentious jargon wrapped around it. For example, what is the significance of indigenous hip-hop music? According to one scholar in Canadian studies, it signifies nothing less than a “resurgence in indigenous community resistance.” When aboriginal and white kids hang out together in hip-hop clubs, they aren’t just having a good time. They are building a “cross-cultural partnership” to combat capitalist and colonial “systems of oppression.”In need of a little intellectual sustenance, I decided to check out the program for food studies, a popular new field. Surely there would be something serious on offer. No such luck. The real subject of food studies is food justice, especially the “redressing of race, gender, and class-based inequalities.” The chief way to address these inequalities, judging by the presentation topics, is not to enhance agricultural productivity or to improve the supply chain. Instead, we must decolonize our food movements and return control of food to the people. We must expose the hegemonic nutrition of the Canada Food Guide, and encourage marginalized, oppressed urban people to grow organic carrots.Not all humanities and social-science scholarship is this bad. But it’s no wonder that the aspirational children of new Canadians are flocking into business, science, pharmacy, accounting, and other practical studies that will pay off in a good career. They have no time for this rubbish. The only people who can really afford it are the children of the haute bourgeoisie, who probably won’t be too scarred. They’ll just pick up some practical courses at community college and get on with their lives.But I do have some sympathy for the members of the academic precariat – the graduate students and PhDs who’ve been led down the garden path by universities that exploit them for cheap labour and professors who fool them into thinking that they might have a shot at the ever-shrinking tenure track. If they’re lucky, they too will one day be able to denounce the system that supports them in such comfort. If not – at least they will be masters of pulp fiction.
her columns are the worst part of g&m. boring edginess without any insight
I attended McGill Unversity, and I can confirm that Canadain academics are hyper liberal cucks.I consider myself socially liberal, but I felt like the most conservative person at that school when I was there.Speech is restricted if it hurts someone's feelings and there are protests on campus about the most meaningless nonsense.I'm glad I go to school in America now. The student body is still unreasonably liberal, but nothing compared to Canada.
Women’s and gender studies seem to be as robust as ever, with a tightly packed agenda that offers insights into such mysteries as why young men in Third World countries want to sleep with white women Commodification and Racial Scripts in Female Sex TourismThis seems like an interesting topic
Because white women are fucking hot. Especially the prostitutes that go here. Source: Third World Anon, me.
It seemed like parody but I looked up the talks and they were real. I don't normally like Wente but this article made me giggle a bit.
food studies, a popular new field. Surely there would be something serious on offer. No such luck. The real subject of food studies is food justice, especially the “redressing of race, gender, and class-based inequalities.” The chief way to address these inequalities, judging by the presentation topics, is not to enhance agricultural productivity or to improve the supply chain. Instead, we must decolonize our food movements and return control of food to the people.t-t-this is the twinlight zone, rite? this cant be the real world.
Welcome to the Western university, anon.tfw hanging around department and looking at bulletin boardsWANTED: JUNIOR SCHOLARS TO PRESENT PAPERS ON THE INTERSECTION BETWEEN PUBLIC TRANSIT AND GENDER SELF-DETERMINATION IN INDIGENOUS HIP HOP POSITION OPEN: EQUAL OPPORTUNITY TEACHING OPPORTUNITY FOR FAT BLACK LESBIAN SUBMISSIONS FROM WRITERS NEEDED! NEW JOURNAL NOW SEEKING SHORT STORIES AND POEMS ADDRESSING ISSUES OF PRIVILEGE AND POWER
Fellow Canadian here.This country is emasculated and PC as fuck generally, it's hopeless to try and change it. I think it goes back ultimately to the country's origins as a colonial monarchy under English rule.
British Columbia is fine outside of Vancouver.
Themes of victimization and oppression – along with the evils of neoliberalism and the virtues of everything indigenous – have seized the humanities and social sciences by the throat, and show no sign of letting go.This is one of the weirdest things about our modern ideology. It is shamelessly Western, more Western than any conservative or right leaning Western philosophy is, and yet it's like... Obsessed with seeming like it's not, like it's actually on the side of of the Pagan aboriginals and has no roots in Christianity or Western morality whatsoever. The hypocrisy involved in this whole thing is just unbelievable. If Christians were Pagans pretending to be Christians, then these fucks are legitimate Christians trying desperately to hide it.
Quebec is also OK.I come from Newfoundland which is just as PC as the rest of Canada in terms of its laws, though the citizens here haven't internalized it to the same degree and the laws are somewhat less enforced.
QuebecThat reminds me of what happened in Saguenay last month...If you guys ever separate from Canada I'll be the first on the train to Quebec. Fucking Supreme Court.
Guys come to Toronto. The bank lucre counteracts cuck liberalism and we all hate the teacher's union.
is literature a good substitute for friends
Books are cold and silent
No, you fucking faggot
I always think on how much time the autor expended writing the book and thinking about how to do it. It makes reading much more meaningful
So are people, to me at least.
I'll be your friend if you're a girl.
OP is clearly a small hunting dog
tfw postmodernism has ruined literature for me because now I deconstruct everything
stagnation is part of the point. Eventually it will collapse and you will have a nervous breakdown probably around your midlife crisis period
stupid
If literature is well written then it only becomes more impressive after deconstruction.
doo doo doo, plink plink doo-doot doo dootPoop ship PoopShipPoop shipPoopShipPoopShipPoop ship Poop Ship PoopShip Poop Ship Poop ship
best post ITT
go to bed mr cummings
Ween
the next night we ate whale XD
That's the right thing to do. How else will you understand Ryan Trecartin?
its like somebody trying to be the new kenneth anger but churning out tim and eric
What are his absolutely best books/works?
All of them are awful.
All of them are wonderful.
I recommend the first half of "On the campaign trail" It's good up until the part where it gets statistical.
I recommend the second half of "On the Campaign Trail" It's good in the the part where it goes statistical
If you want to read him, read Hell's Angels, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and The Great Shark Hunt. Everything from there is decline.
If you want to read him, don't read Hell's Angels, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and The Great Shark Hunt. Everything from there is an improvement.
Even pic related?
Throw that in too. I forgot about it. I've never been as hot on his straight political stuff.
What about Hey Rude?It hasThe New Dumb The Fix Is InWelcome to Generation ZThe White House DiseaseGet Ready for SainthoodThe Xmas ViceThe Curse of MusburgerCruel Twist in the Coaching BusinessThe NFL Sucks…Another League Bites the Dust…Rich Kids with WeaponsSlow Week for Sports, in PoliticsLynching in DenverMad Cow Disease Comes to the NBADeath in the AfternoonXFL, R.I.P.The Most Horrible Curse in SportsUrgent Warning to Gamblers: Beware the Ideas of MarchI Told You It Was WrongWhere Were You When the Fun Stopped?Running Away with the CircusNBA and the Downward Spiral of DumbnessBad Craziness at Owl FarmCan the Three Stooges Save the NBA?Kentucky Derby and Other Gambling DisastersQuitting the Gambling Business While I’m AheadThe Most Dangerous Sport of AllPatrick Roy and Warren Zevon- Two Champions at the Top of Their GameWild Days at the Sports DeskEerie Lull Rattles the Sports WorldOlympic Disaster in UtahThe Wisdom of Nashville and the Violence of Jack Nicholson- A Football StoryFear and Loathing in America: The Beginning of the EndWhen War Drums RollWill Sports Survive Bin Laden?Stadium Living in the New AgeFootball in the Kingdom of FearFoul Balls and Rash PredictionsGetting Weird for Devil’s DayThe Yankees are Dead: Long Live the YankeesThe Man Who Loved Sport Too MuchThe Shame of IndianapolisFailure, Football, and Violence on the StripMadness in HonoluluBreak Up the Ravens
Pay Up or Get WhippedGetting Braced for the Last Football GameSodomized at the Airport: Are Terrorists Seizing Control of the NFL? And Who Let It Happen?Slow Dance in Rap TownDr. Thompson in BeirutDr. Thompson Is Back from BeirutThe NFL: We Will March on a Road of BonesPart ThreeA Wild and Wooly Tale of Sporting ExcessMy 49er HabitDon’t Let This Happen to YouGrantland Rice Haunts the Honolulu MarathonHonolulu Marathon is Decadent and DepravedPublic Shame and Private VictoryShooting the Moon with the RaidersThe Last Super BowlExtreme Behavior in AspenBillionaire Swine and Kiwi CatastropheFleeced by Ed BradleyLove Blooms in the RockiesLove in a Time of WarA Sad Week in AmericaThe Doomed Prefer OaklandThe Tragedy of Naked BowlingWest Coast OffenseGreat Fleecing in Woody Creek: Lakers Staggered in Series OpenerThe Sport of KingsThe Good, the Bad, and the ViciousRewarding the UglyKilled by a Speeding HummerWhen in Doubt, Bet the Dark SideWelcome to the Big DarknessThe Nation’s CapitalSpeed Kills and Other Football WisdomNightmare in HollywoodSpeed Will Rule the NFL This YearThe Bush LeagueBoxing SucksGeorge PlimptonVictoryand Wisdom into it
I wish Kingdom of Fear had been edited properly because sections of it are scintillating but yet other parts felt turgid to me. In short it's a lumpy mess; but the good bits are really good though.
why was he so tumblr?
What do you mean?
read 400 pages alreadytfw there are still 1000 pages to goNot that I mind that tbh. Anyway, this book is impressive and very touching. Why don't you guys talk about it? War and Peace thread, I suppose.
you're the one reading it, why don't you make a meaningful post about it.
probley because he's only 400 pages into it.
Why couldn't he wait until he finished it?
I hated the chapters where Tolstoy completely stopped the story so that he could insert his philosophical essays on the nature of history. He's already exploring those same themes in the narrative, no one needs like four additional essays on it.
I fucking envy you OP. Reading War and Peace the first time was easily the most rewarding reading experience of my life. When I got to the end I wished it was twice as long. Finishing that book felt like saying goodbye to a friend.I don't ever start threads about it because I don't really have that much to say about it I guess.I get what you're saying, but I honestly didn't mind those chapters. Even that huge part near the end about history.Damn maybe it's time to read War and Peace again
Check out The Sleepwalkers by Broch my man! You'd love it!
"one must imagine Sisyphus happy" as "The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man's heart."Dropped!Camoo had a good game going with me until that point. How can one possibly imagine finding joy in such a life? Is this some advanced stage of Stockholm syndrome?
Because you are pushing the rock up the hill everyday, Anon.
Absurd, isn't it?
Not really, just incorrectOnly somebody who had spent their entire life writing and enjoying hedonistic pleasures would make such an assumption.
He didn't talk believe it himself. This book is am accident. He was a writer first and only dabbled in philosophy because it was fashionable to be an existentialist at the time. Also under the influence of Sartre. At heart he never really believed in anything beyond absurdism.
Forget about finding joy how can one find a "dignified struggle" in rolling a rock up a hill.There is no real struggle. Rolling that rock has no more meaning than being made to constantly shit your pants
Hey /lit/ do you think it's rational to quit a safe full-time job 8:30 - 5:30 in order to write a novel that you are very confident about and excited by?What jobs do other aspiring writers here have?
And when I say quit I mean in order to work part-time instead, not become NEET.
Not if you need the money from the job to eat. I'm writing and only work a job sporadically, but I'm rich. Nigga's gotta eat.
but I'm richDon't know that feel unfortunately. What are you writing?
I agree with this. If you can live off of your part time income or have some other way to survive, do it.
that's something only you can figure out for yourself. if I quit or even worked fewer hours, I wouldn't be able to afford the paper to write on.
Sometimes ya gotta do what ya gotta do...
40 years oldwriting a ya sci-fi epic......... :\
I live in a major city where rent is cucking me hard anyway so I would have to move away or live in a squat or some shit if I work part-time. My only fear is being stuck in shitty, unskilled work until my death if I fail to publish not that that will necessarily make much money, but will at least justify my povertyI know I can't exactly make a decision based solely on this thread but I'm in a situation where I'm working 45 hours a week at 24 years old in a small company where my attention is required pretty much all day because the team is so small. The benefit is that my wage and "status" will rise with the company, but that my focus on writing will decrease simultaneously. I don't want to be a fool who idolizes getting published and either fails to do so or overestimates the time required I've worked full-time for around two years now straight out of college and who gets stuck in a situation that I found it very hard to get out of i.e. unemployment when I was initially looking for a job. What work do you do and where do you live? More detail the better.
Realistically, would you use / do you need the extra time to write? Myself, I lose creative stamina after a few hours, so job or no job my output would be roughly the same.
Hey gas-kun I'm a regular poster in your threads. Hope all is well with you dude. Any progress recently? Also don't you work full-time too?
And war fiction.
I honestly think I would. Right now I have a week off work and these last couple of days I have been focused on my work in a way I haven't been when trying to find the alertness to write these past months. And it's not as if I can just drink more coffee or whatever since I get home after 9 or so hours of paying attention to data and kind of technical stuff and my brain sort of relaxes, even after I nap and try and relax. I am rather hard on myself and others and so I am prone to thinking I'm being a bitch, but researching other writers I have compiled a list of what many successful writers were doing when writing their first book and almost all of them were either out of work or working part-time.
Changing up from space operas. Gonna try the schizo/inter dimensional/godhead/both hemispheres of the brain talking at the same time/Phillip k dick shit. Yeah working full time. Gonna try and change up. There's an opening for a metal baler position with a company that pays 40-60k I might take. May become baler-kun
I work at Subway, live in East TN. my manager is also my live-in gf so when she needs help, I have to help. normally I work about 30-35 hours a week, but recently the gf had surgery, so I've been running the store, working 40 a week. either way, by the time I get home, I am tired as fuck and do not feel like writing. I totally understand when folks say they can't focus on their art or whatever because their shitty job wears them out.however, all I have to do is remind myself I work at Subway for god's sake, which is a pretty good motivator even at the end of a long, shitty day. also, thankfully, my gf likes the fact that I have something I'm passionate about, and leaves me alone most of the time when I am trying to write. so tl;dr, I'd stick it out as long as you can, although I totes understand the time/energy-suck factor. if it sounds like something you can do, allow the frustration to make your writing penis that much harder.
East TNMy husband and I had this favorite Subway guy at the Powell location but then we found out he quit. Sad day.
no it's fucking retarded as shitdon't quit your day jobjust write in your off timeit really isn't that hardas for day job I work 9 to 5 at a digital agency as a web developerthe workload fluctuates a lotlike today I did maybe two hours of work and spent the rest of the time reading grapes of wrath
I'M A GIIRRRRRRRRRRRL BY THE WAY
don't quit your jobtoday I did two hours of workFuck off
/b/
At forty years old you should have enough life experience for a knausgaard length literary opus. What the fuck are you doing?
Well, your glassy eyed mother for starters, that cheap whore.
Come on gas-kun, don't sink that low. The guy isn't even being hostile.
Hey OP have you tried pulling a Kafka/Faulkner and staying up all night and neglecting your health to write your masterpiece?I mean Faulkner stayed up writing As I lay Dying til like 4 am every night and then went to work at a power plant in the morning.Here's what he said on economic freedom:No. The writer doesn’t need economic freedom. All he needs is a pencil and some paper. I’ve never known anything good in writing to come from having accepted any free gift of money. The good writer never applies to a foundation. He’s too busy writing something. If he isn’t first rate he fools himself by saying he hasn’t got time or economic freedom. Good art can come out of thieves, bootleggers, or horse swipes. People really are afraid to find out just how much hardship and poverty they can stand. They are afraid to find out how tough they are. Nothing can destroy the good writer. The only thing that can alter the good writer is death. Good ones don’t have time to bother with success or getting rich. Success is feminine and like a woman; if you cringe before her, she will override you. So the way to treat her is to show her the back of your hand. Then maybe she will do the crawling.From: 
It definitely isn't rational but being irrational, impractical, and illogical is the whole point of doing something like that.
Romanticized bologna.
Kafka / FaulknerOP here, and I see these examples repeated all the time. KafkaKafka worked long hours 8-6 until he was around 24/25, at which point he was so frustrated that he moved jobs and worked from 8am - 1pm and had the rest of the day to write.FaulknerI assume you're not referring to the years Faulkner claimed to work three days a month to afford his rent and so on, and are reffering instead to the time he worked at the power plant while writing As I Lay Dying. Even then he only worked for an hour, loading the furnace before the firemen on duty fell asleep and he wrote or read for six hours without interruption, sometimes using the upturned wheelbarrow as a desk.
No it is completely irrational. The odds are obviously against you. Your book has very little chance of even being read in its entirety by a publisher, and if it is, it will most likely be deemed not worthy.If it is somehow published, the chances that it will be successful enough to replace a full time salary including, I assume, benefits and a retirement plan are slim to none.If you don't mind the potential for homelessness, severely disappointing your friends and family, and bankruptcy, then go for it. Working a full time job doesn't even inhibit you from writing your novel. Cut out some wasted time  like /lit/  and you'll be able to write a solid two hours a day during the week, and however much time you want to dedicate to it on the weekend.
I get what you mean but irrational decisions like that, while being great in the short-term, can also lead I fear to major regret and feelings of self-loathing. I try to act as logically as I can and though I don't value hard work for the sake of it as others seem to do I'm also terrified of being NEET or having to be thirty years old serving burritos to college kids.
tfw you realize the majority of writers from your country are from middle-class background where they can afford not to work or can spend as long as they like in educationI only found out the other day that Tao Lin lived in an apartment in New York that his parents owned and didn't have to pay much rent in his early twenties. Pretty jelly overall.
There are no rational goals. What one desires is per definition irrational. Reason does not drive. Ratio is a tool that helps accomplish irrational purposes.So the question is: What do you want the most?If you establish that, you can go about setting out the path with the highest probability of succeeding at that.
It's a confusing feel and is too much for a lot of people. I'd probably be a shit head if I'd grown up around other rich families and their kids instead of out in the country.I'm writing a novel about a comedian along the lines of Sam Hyde who wraps himself up in delusions of his own genius until he's exposed to someone who inadvertently shows him that he's just unhappy and not that special.
But what if the path with the highest probability is likely to give way and send me cartwheeling down the side of a mountain I will struggle to even begin climbing again? Seems like a huge risk considering the state of the novel in 2015.
So an autobio?
OP, if you are gonna work half time and earn enough to survive then DO IT. Specially while you are young and can still do it I'm assuming you are responsible only for yourself right now.And most importantly do it while you are still "excited by"!You are not gonna die and even if it all fails it will be a goo experience. GO FOR IT.
Work full timeRead at least two hours a dayJust got inspired to write my first novel7000 words down in 3 daysWork 8.5 hours a day + 1 hour travel + 1 hour getting ready in the morningtry and sleep either 7.5 or 6 hours a nightI need to write more instead of sitting here posting.Someone tell me to get my arse back to my novel.
That depends on how much you're willing to sacrifice to get what you want. Are you willing to risk the cartwheel? If yes proceed, if no do not.
Hey man thanks for the reply nice trips also. Can I ask what your situation is and what your ambitions are?Also I'm in a very weird position because I'm basically working for a small company that is growing fast and will be sold in like 5 years, meaning I will make a lot of money that my humanities-based skillset should have prevented me from making. I don't want to sound materialistic but I'm also not so naive as to not realize what this money could mean in terms of security, buying a place of my own etc. I hope it doesn't sound like I'm trying to justify indecision or something, and I do find posts like yours very rousing, but I know what publishing is like in 2015 and I know what the job market is like also. I don't want to end up like Ignatius Reilly minus the love interest or like the author of the novel in which he features, who thought his life was a failure when nobody would publish his book and gassed himself after several years trying to publish it albeit with the best publishers in the country
get writing normie
My bad. You're right.
excited byIrrelevant.in order to write a novel that you are very confident aboutIf you had anything published before and can certainly expect to get this one published because you still have contacts in the industry, yeah.If not...Well, you probably live in a first world country, so won't die without a job anyway, why the fuck not. Just not very rational, given how your financial situation will suffer most likely.Good quote is good.
I am willing to risk climbing a more complex path, sure. But again publishing today isn't like it was when Mishima quit his job at the Japanese Finance Ministry because he "couldn't keep two streams [his work and his writing] flowing at the same time", or when Dostoevsky lived like a bum albeit with the help of his family's money in old Russia, or when Turkey's national novelist lived with his mother for twelve years while writing his debut novel, or when Raymond Carver could drive from place to place finding work quite easily as a book editor or an overnight watchman, or when Houllebeq came out of a voluntary stay at a mental hospital and was able to find an easy job working basic computer repairs at a time when nobody had computer skills. Again I may sound like I'm setting up my own hurdles but these hurdles do exist and I think it would be naive and retrospectively depressing if I didn't at least acknowledge them.
NormieThere's times I wish I was a normie, I think if I could go back five years and stop myself from finding 4chan, though, I wouldn't.
If you're that neurotic about money I'd say don't do it. Will you actually be able to concentrate on it while you're worrying about failing that much?
excited byYeah I know that is irrelevant, typed without thinking. Though I do mean it and I can articulate my confidence if need be.
Obviously aspects of the relationships in my novel are influenced by things I've seen and experienced, but no I don't have much in common with the character or Sam. If anything, that character is based on a friend of mine from high school.
You're right. Tell ya what , Pick two numbers. The first should be between 1-11 the other should be between 1-350
I've been a welfare NEET for the last three years, more people have access to free money today than in any other time in history.

It's not free, it's my tax dollars
It's just that I'm acutely aware of what the job market is like, and what it is like for a humanities graduate, and what the stereotype is for humanities graduates who think they are special snowflakes who can't be expected to work etc. I don't mind ridicule but since I have zero friends and am generally very hard on myself I think it's likely that my mental health will suffer whether I try and prevent it or not. I think I will be able to concentrate on working but the truth is that there are many hours in a day and even if I'm energetic and so on right now there will be long periods in which I begin to question why it's so important for me to get published and questioning my motivations for doing so etc just like I do now at times.I don't want to be a needy guy who seeks instant succeed and whose impatience leads to a life of financial insecurity and regret. Saying all that, I have read the books my contemporaries are publishing in my country and the majority of them suck dick so hard that it makes me extremely motivated to write something knowing what the quality of their work and the poverty of their expression is like.
which country do you live in?
Sounds like me tbhWhere are you from?
It's free to me.
You know what I find funny about this post is that Houellbeq, who I admire both as a writer and as a person who has been through shit and come out the other side, writes in his manifesto that aspiring writers should take full advantage of the welfare state because they are "sacred parasites" and should feel no guilt in benefiting at the expense of a decadent society.
the NEET has time to dream up incredibly unlikely scenarios involving his alpha male neighbors.Really put it into perspective for me.
It's pretty much state patronage, except they have no control over what you write or if you even write at all.
So guys can indirectly mention they're guys but girls can't? My post wasn't even about me being a girl.
What part sounds like you? I'm from Alabama.
logic4chanREEEEEEE
Why not just say 'I had a favourite subway'? Why do you need to define yourself by your spouse on a cantonese card collectors collective?
Do it, just to have done it.
Retarded logic bro. Plenty of people from my childhood did exactly that in different ways and are now in positions I am so glad I didn't allow myself to be in.

where do i start with houellebecq?
By checking the archive, faggot.
whatever?
Makes a lot of sense, I don't see why someone with artistic aspirations would not a NEET in the contemporary first world.
Guilt, mang. Disappointment and guilt.
fuck outta here bitch
But guilt and disappointment breed good art. Just go on the dole and write about how your inner protestant is killing you.
I ain't going on welfare buddy. Been there, done that, experienced the crushing guilt and desperation
What do you feel guilty about? It's 2015, it's literally impossible for every person to contribute economically, we've become too efficient.
So you gave up your individuality because you have a man now? This is why women aren't taken seriously.
tfw when writing a war fiction novelY..you too
saying this reveals that you don't have the slightest fucking clue how economics actually works
Explain to me how I'm wrong and how there are useful paying jobs for literally everyone in the first world.
bright lights flash in my eye vision, I am unknown and unaware of the light in my face. does it have a face also, we are all faces without names. the stars shine on my unlit face with unlit eyes and I am shamed in light.R8 my righting bros!
write during the nights
Read the thread. If you ever worked a non-bullshit fulltime job you'd know how difficult it is to relax and focus in the hours left in your day.
I shall write another, cos you guys prolly didn't grasp the ideas behind my first.Light bathes unholy sinners under a banner of gritty grat. I open my legs and out pops a baba. I name him Franklene Silverside due to his likeness to his mother. She has and is a cunt. After birthing this runt I felt the overwhelming melancholy that professionals like to call 'post natal depression'. I tried the usual cocktail of scotch and the remnants of long forgotten dinners I licked from the rim of many hookers assholes, but alas, nothing seemed to cure me. It was with this notion of failure that I took up figure skating. There was no ice where I lived, and at this time the wheel had not been invented, so I suppose it would be fair to consider my figure skating as more of an 'interpretive dance'. It filled me with orgasmic joy, and I would lick my lips. I would lick them well and with haste, for I could never be entirely sure when I would be called back to serve the priest. He was a pedo. r8 pls
thinks employment rate of 100% has been possible since the dawn of the 20th centuryShiggy.
What's your job /lit/?

 Get new job Manager on vacation Person that is supposed to help me is always in meetings I only occasionally get simple tasks that take at most 30 minutes Spend the other 7.5 hours shot posting on 4 chan
/lit/ thinks a best case scenario publishing deal pays enough to sustain themlel
Liquor store cashier. Having a beer right before I go in to work and that's alright there.
How many hours do you work a week gas-kun?Also I mean this as a matter of curiosity and not to troll or anything but can you see the dixie cup water tower from your other job?
I get paid to waste timeIt's still wasted time dude.
40. T-thanks anon, I homebrew and make a lot of connections where I work. Trying to get into the craft beer industry. I'm only still at the liquor store until the owners leave next week
You seem to have your fingers in too many pies dude. Serious question are you schizophrenic?
I know :I could be mastering philosophy right now
That's what the kids are calling now eh?
Maybe. Are you an asshole?
No. Other job is a liquor store on other side of town
Probably.
Rather sane I am. Although I've had racing thoughts since childhood.
didn't realize faulkner was red pill
No. There's a ton of time to write a novel with that schedule. Just sit down after work with a cup of coffee and knock out 1k words and you'll be done with your first draft in 2 - 3 months. If you can't work after work, get up two or three hours earlier. Stop being such a lazy fucking pussy and do the work.
You could be reading public domain works. Go to Bartleby.
Write NOW instead of waiting until you have time. But if you're going to make a shitload of money, the best thing to do is buy an apartment complex and get a leasing company to manage it. You'll then generate a passive income as long as you're careful about what you buy, and you make sure your tenants aren't fucking shit up.
Can you see the dixie cup water tower from here?
What jobs do other aspiring writers here have?copywriting, more like a way to survive though
Daily reminder that if you aren't published by the age of 25  twenty-five  you will NEVER be patrician and your work will NEVER be canon.DFW was 24 when Broom of the System was publishedZadie Smith was 25 when White Teeth was publishedMarek Hlasko was 23 when Eighth Day of the Week was publishedF.S. Fitzgerald was 23 when This Side of Paradise was publishedCarson McCullers was 23 when The Heart is a Lonely Hunter was publishedTao Lin was 24 when EEEEE EEE EEEE & Bed were publishedItalo Calvino was 23 when The Path to the Nest of the Spiders was publishedKerouac was 20 when The Sea is My Brother was publishedGoethe was 25 when The Sorrows of Young Werther was publishedMusil was 25 when The Confusions of Young Torless was publishedHemingway was 25 when In Our Time was publishedTatsuhiko Takimoto was 24 when Welcome to the NHK was publishedRyu Murakami was 24 when Almost Transparent Blue was publishedGarcia Marquez was 20 when Eyes of a Blue Dog was publishedNietzsche was 18 when "Napoleon III as a President" was publishedNietzsche was 18 when "Fate and History" was publishedNietzsche was 18 when Free Will and Fate was publishedNietzsche was 19 when "Can the Envious Ever Truly Be Happy?" was publishedNietzsche was 20 when "On Tendencies" was publishedNietzsche was 20 when "My Life" was publishedSaramago was 25 years old when Land of Sun was publishedDickens was 24 when Sketches by Boz was publishedDickens was 25 when The Pickwick Papers was publishedHuxley was 25 when Limbo was publishedJames Joyce was 25 when Chamber Music was publishedProust was 25 when Pleasures and Days was publishedMishima was 23 when Confessions of a Mask was publishedBret Easton Ellis was 21 when Less Than Zero was publishedBret Easton Ellis was 23 when Rules of Attraction was publishedKenzaburō Ōe was 23 when Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids was publishedEmile Zola was 24 when Contes à Ninon was publishedBalzac was 20 when Cromwell was publishedBaudelaire was 24 when Salon of 1845 was publishedHitomi Kanehara was 20 when Snakes and Earrings was publishedStig Dagerman was 23 when Ormen was publishedStrindberg was 22 when The Outlaw was publishedIbsen was 22 when Catiline was publishedMilan Kundera was 24 when Man: A Wide Garden was publishedAdam Thirwell was 24 when Politics was publishedNed Beaumann was 25 when Boxer, Beetle was publishedNorman Mailer was 25 when The Naked and the Dead was publishedEleanor Catton was 22 when The Rehearsal was publishedRobert Walser was 23 when Schneewittchen was publishedNoah Cicero was 23 when The Human War was publishedJorge Luis Borges was 24 when Fervor de Buenos Aires was publishedTolstoy was 24 when Childhood was publishedJohan Harstad was 23 when Amublance was published
I just realized my trip code is OP. That was a joke from earlier. I am not OP
Dosoevksy was 25 when Poor Folks was published
No it's not rational. Suppose there's a 100% probability that it will be the greatest novel ever written.There's still a very large chance that you'll starve as an artist.I'll repeat it is NOT a rational choice, but if it's really something that comes from deep within you, you won't be able to stop it.
tfw when not even out of highschool and writting plays and short storiesshould i wait to start a novella? i'm wanna write a novella about about structuralism in corvidae civ
Yup

My apologies gas kun
Ayeee, where at? Ft. Payne checking in here
What are your least favorite commonly used quotes, expressions, and sayings?
Some of mine"All generalizations are false, including this one."-Mark TwainI like Mark Twain but this is pseudo-intellectual "clever" bullshit. smart-ass-14-year-old's-t-shirt core
Mordeth13 met a wall. He's all fucked up now.Back to you.
almost any clichei get that they're so ingrained that people say them without thinking but if we're talking about something serious i can't take you seriously if you use a cliche, it just sounds like regurgitated bullshit
"No-brainer" is probably my least favorite expression in the English language.
Sammie, in place of sandwich
I'm glad he's walking again
You must be confusing "least favorite" with "most fave baller shit."Sammies all fucking day.
literallyLiterally.
Seems like Twain was trying too hard to create a paradox.
Subtle nuance
But he's not wrong, I think the problem is more that hasty generalizations are accepted all the time by people that project their insecurities into them.
not sarnienot buttie10x worse.
Back to you, Ron
seconding this
"as it were""to be sure""ad hominem""strawman""motte and bailey""hipster""troll""meme""buzzword""SJW"
beginning a speech or an essay with a quote
"ad hominem""strawman"somebody has been losing online arguments :^
Taking issue with the names of logical fallaciesHipster got trolled to be sure
like, ironic and all, but people here actually think if you make fun of someone for being ugly while also explaining while their argument is bad they can go "ad hominem" and they've "won"
Here's an idea, maybe avoid including spurious rhetoric when you can demolish reasoning, assumption or evidence?No that'd make you an intelligent fucking cunt and not a dumb munted punt of a seppo abortion. Your mother should have put a hook on the fucking coat hanger and ripped her uterus out when she failed to pull you from her baby bowel—that way we'd not only have lost you, but any chance of you in this possible world.Nothing personnel kid.
a dumb munted punt of a seppo abortionJames Joyce is that you?
Why would you even bother calling someone ugly when it's completely unrelated and anonymous?
a-ad hominem
what the fuck is a seppo? dayum, why can't y'all /lit/ people talking like normal human beings.
because as polls have proven, /lit/ is all about top notch banter with some cheeky lads, e.g. 
The most popular Nietzsche quotes among plebs tbh.what does not kill me makes me stronger!!life without music would be a mistake xD
yank - septic tank - seppo right james blunt you are innit
nothing personnelThis is mine. I don't normally get annoyed by colloquialisms but this pisses me off. Also pet peeve.
The pseudo-intellectual stuff basic people say when stoned.Like few weeks back, I was at a party, and around 4 am as it happens, we started discussing some profoundly ontological stuff. And this one guy comes and with a huge fuccboish grin, probably thinking he's the siddhartha gautama in town or something, says "my phillosophy is that whatever you believe, happens." Someone was kind enough to ask him to elaborate, and he said: "that's just what it's about man - whatever you believe, happens."
lol that was what i believed when i was in elementary school because i felt sad about the idea that some people who believed wholeheartedly in something wouldn't get to see that happen if there was only one universal truth.
it's a meme you dip
pseudo-intellectualExcept this conclusion is one you could come to if you weren't a retard. Universal statements are never right.
I believe this story didn't happen.
Are Kantian Ethics subjective in nature?Is the Golden Rule objective in nature?
the golden rule presupposes objective morals
Kantian ethics are like the definition of 'objective morality.'The golden rule is just a moral precept, it's not a theory of morality... In itself it doesn't say whether it is subjective or objective.
Does kantian ethics presuppose God then? Objective morals would have to relate to some transcendental good. Is it logically possible to form Kantian Ethics without it then?
/lit/ help me I don't know where else to askEnglish isn't my native language, can you please tell me if this part of a sentence is correct:"If you would pardon the form of my exposition, I will summarize by starting from the foundations..." etc. etc. etc.The "If you would pardon..., I will..." part.
why would you preface anything with an apology?
It's correct.
My only advice is to use simpler language. You'll sound less pretentious.
This. Grammatically what you have written is correct OP, but it is unnecessarily wordy, especially if this is for an American audience. Just start with "I will..."And stop signing your English e-mails with "Kind regards" or whatever other weird faggoty sounding shit.
These replies alone were very helpful, considered every opinion, thanks guys
This is a good advice if you are not majoring in a language.However, it is of utmost importance to use a plethora of fancy words if you want to be regarded as an academic.OP, the way your sentence starts reminds me of some lecture by Foucault.
plethoranot panoplyBut yeah, I would say it's a good idea to base your English-language speaking skills on Foucault's style. He's a native speaker of English after all.
*a translation of some lecture by Foucault.Forgive me, anon-kun.
bro I was being snotty. sorry I was in a bad mood.Is Pepe drinking strawberries?
OP, I really really like this picture.
spaghetti and meatballs
Man, Pepe's crazy. Got a little fork and everything.
Be honest OP, are you trying to write a rap song?
Any books like "Dear Esther"?
Bump, good game.
Any books like Stanley Parable? other than Kafka obviously
, 
, 
What does /lit/ think of ARISTOTLE?
His only real philosophical idea that was decent was he basically concluded correlation does not equal causation when talking about the cause of rain linked to the gods.Other then that Plato did all the interesting stuff, aristotle just fucked boys.
/lit/"think"Kek
His ethics and poetics are pretty coolyou read them right anon?
Subtle and sneaky motherfucker. His writings are filled with so many ambiguities and qualifications, that its no wonder people end up thinking his beliefs are stupid, since they latch onto the clearest things he says, as opposed to the things he believes.
The greatest of all philosophers.
One of the greatest thinkers of all time, like some anon said his writings are still being interpreted and important for philosophical thought.
I've read Poetics and Nicomachean Ethics, it all seems to be pointless navel gazing to me. Chapter 14: Why friends of utility are not as good as friends of brotherhoodThanks for sharing. On a positive note, he absolutely wrecked manlets in only a few lines.
The Ethics is an interesting case, insofar as he implies throughout that the audience of the work isn't philosophers, but the "spoudaioi", the serious-minded men who don't need to be persuaded that virtue is noble, since they already agree with that view.It makes reading the ethics really confounding, once you notice how deeply qualified everything is.
The Thomists love him as he provides an explanation of god that is either refutable or uses such complex language and obfuscation that it cant be refuted by regular posters.
ONLY USEFUL THING THIS HACK DID WAS TO WRITE DOWN SOCRATES STUFF
Probably the smartest man in history, considering how vast his knowledge was and deep in every field he knew.Aristotle's rests with Kant at the top cloud of philosophers, leaving the rest of them play below.
PoeticspointlessPoetics set straight the elemental principles of written that were not seen before, yet used by great greek writters at the time.Any writer should read Poetics since it's the A-B-C of writing. Shakespeare is the most obvious example of such principles; letting his innate talent aside, each play follows to the letter the principles of effective writing, they are in that sense, the best example of application of Aristotle's Poetics.
1 Wrong guy.2 No.
I think he's Aristotally correct
Is that a very strange bait ?
Overshadowed by Plato but much more important
no discernible talent
Shakespeare intentionally disobeyed the commonly adhered ideas in Poetics. Primarily, he made the characters the center of the story rather than the actions, a blatant reversal of what Poetics says is the right way.
largely irrelevant
what did he even do besides catalog a bunch of biological specimens and draw ridiculous conclusions about them
created a logical proof for the existence of god that has yet to be refuted adequately
Shakespeare intentionally disobeyed the commonly adhered ideas in PoeticsWhat are those ideas beside the one you already told?
what's his ontological argument?
er, teleological
Ask that question in the next theology thread, the thomists provide what seems to be a solid explanation of it.
Read the Metaphysics.
When you guys write prose, do you think the sentence out before you write it? I used to type whatever came into my head. Now I make sure I can think a whole sentence before I write it. I would say it out loud but I don't want people to think I'm weird.I'm pretty sure a lot of people just type things.
when you write posts, do you think out the point of them before writing them? i used to just type whatever came into my head. now, i make sure i actually have something interesting to say.i'm pretty sure you just type things.
Daily reminder that Dostoevsky dismantled and destroyed organized religion a century and a half ago.
Suppose you could absorb an entire library of information in a matter of hours. Would you consider this a blessing or a curse? Is the point of reading to absorb the information contained in the book, or is it act of reading an end in itself?
Are we also assuming that with such power also comes the ability to comprehend said information, or are you only able to take in raw data?
Well you said we "could" absorb an entire library of information in a matter of hours, not that we're forced toIn that case it's a blessing because we can just choose to absorb information from books we find boring but necessary and read books that we read for pleasure
Like the matrix?
Yes, essentially the same as reading, just faster.Might absorbing the books that aren't a pleasure to read, change what is pleasurable to read?I haven't seen The Matrix in a while, but I don't recall there being anything like this in the film.
Does symbolism actually add anything of value to literature, or is it just added in as fanservice to English professors? Is symbolism something that a decent writer would consciously include in their work? Or is it something that people choose to see, as a result of reading too deeply into an author's meaning?
:,
It's a tool of resonance, which is hard to master. A gamble, if you will, a delegation to the reader.
I wrote a shitload of symbolism into my novel.
it's a parlor trick. prose is the only thing that matters.
Symbolism is retarded. Fuck I hated being in English classes in college where the professor tried to twist every novel that we read to fit their world view.That white man in the 18th century described the kettle as "black". Obviously this is supposed to symbolize colonialism and the oppression of Africans.The dentist pulling that guy's teeth out is symbolic of income inequality resulting from the California gold rush

There isn't any aspect to the novel that isn't a parlour trick, including its prose.The sooner you guys realize that your favourites play up to your idea of what a good novel or good writing is, the better off you'll be.
IntentionalismTrips checked
I set out to write the next Finnegans Wake so I don't think anything can really help me.
It's a way of reinforcing themes without being too heavy-handed.
It's an enrichment, an enlivenment. A way of tying things into the story that are a bit tangential on their own without the added context.and they can be a crutch for hacks trying to make "literary" works. Fucking looking at you, a separate peace.
Symbolism has evolved far past the primitive and heavy-handed analogs of 19th century romanticism and 20th century realism. Authors have long since figured out that blatant symbolism disrupts the verisimilitude of a story and generally makes the readers roll their eyes and groan. It still exists, but on a much more organic and natural level. Take Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury. Benjy the atemporal retard links certain objects to the comfort and warmth of his childhood, mainly the mirror above the fireplace and Caddy's slipper. The emptiness of the space where the mirror used to be which was removed sometime after his childhood very distinctly represents the loss of his childhood. And yet the treatment of this symbolism is very smoothly woven into the story; it is completely natural for a mentally retarded man to latch onto this change in his setting. I guess what I'm getting at is symbolism does exist in the real world. People attach emotional valence to inanimate objects all the time; that's just how the human brain works. But the important thing is that it needs to be done organically and intelligently--sometimes so subliminally that most people won't even notice--and moreover the symbolism needs to be a product of the lens of one of the characters, not the narrator.
So what's the point of recovering meaning from a text? Why make it an academic discipline?If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed. After all, fiction writing is entertainment and nothing more. If the author fails to entertain you, then the work is shit.I feel like English professors are of the same ilk as trekkies, hardcore gamerz, and others who get way too invested in a hobby, the only difference being that English professors have discovered how to turn their hobby into a racket and command veneration for simply being a dork that likes to read a lot.
Art, dear boy.
If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed. After all, fiction writing is entertainment and nothing more. If the author fails to entertain you, then the work is shit.Probably the single most anti-intellectual post on this board, ever.
If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed. After all, fiction writing is entertainment and nothing more. If the author fails to entertain you, then the work is shit.I disagree. There are different tiers of videogames for different tiers of gamers and the same can be correctly said about books. If someone is not good enough at videogames to play x hardcore videogame, has the developer failed? Of course not. He was just shooting for a different demographic of gamer. Like it or not there are dumb people and there are smart people and there are people with long or short attention spans. There are experienced readers who can hone in on the most sublime subtleties and properly appreciate them, and there are boors who can only read Tom Clancy. And the function of books isn't solely to entertain. It's also to enlighten, and if you have not realized that you have not read enough.
How is that view anti-intellectual? Literature can only be of an acceptable quality if its real value can only be deciphered by those with years of education in critical theory and literary analysis?Let me guess, you think Martin Luther was anti-intellectual when he suggested that it was bullshit that the Bible was only available in Latin?
By "average" reader, I meant the book's target demographic.Also,he thinks the feeling of enlightenment is not entertaining in and of itselfIt feels good and keeps you "entertained" with thoughts of your own enlightenment, does it not?
Literature can only be of an acceptable quality if its real value can only be deciphered by those with years of education in critical theory and literary analysis?No but it's misinformed to say that fiction is strictly for entertainment, or that entertainment only comes from surface level readings.
it's misinformed to say that fiction is strictly for entertainmentIts really not. Those feelings you get when you read a book that carries a lot of meaning to you, can accurately be described as [superlative] entertainment. Soul enriching entertainment, sublime entertainment, however you want to describe it. Those feelings of fulfillment you get from reading great literature... its entertainment
So what's the point of recovering meaning from a text?Two reasons: the obvious one being that the author intentionally put it there. The second one is that, if the author did not, it adds depth to the text and the reader's appreciation of it is enhanced. Why make it an academic discipline?I'm not knowledgeable of literary theory or its history, so I don't really know, but if I had to guess it would be due to literary theory or at least modern theory developing primarily in academia. If the meaning of a work cannot be comprehended by the "average" reader, then the author has failed.The general meaning of something should perhaps be noticed by the average reader, but not necessarily comprehended or understood.
dfw not understanding art to this extent
dude, you just don't get itAt what point does a medium for expression turn from "entertainment" to "art", then? The only reason literature is placed on a pedestal compared to other forms of entertainment is it's age, nothing more. Novels used to be considered mindless entertainment until multiple generations of readingfags convinced everyone that it was a valuable art form worthy of respect. You consider the value derived from reading a work of literature to be something more than entertainment specifically because someone told you to. The reality is, its giving you an entertainment double whammy because not only was it a good read, you gain the satisfaction i.e. entertainment of feeling somehow more self aware than those around you.Nothing wrong with enjoying literature, but lets not kid ourselves about why we really enjoy reading.
So what you're saying is you're straight-up retarded, basically. It might be ok to be a Luddite but not realizing you're one isnt.
underrated post
well-written fiction also has the effects of increased vocabulary and fluency, though, both of which have practical applications elsewhere
From a writers perspective it's too easy, you can put symbolism anywhere on a whim just to shoehorn some quick theme into your story, which is a cheap move.Also if you believe it's a good thing when a book doesn't remind you that it's a book all the time, symbolism should be avoided
I think for most writers symbolism comes very naturally and it is only later into the process when you recognise it and perhaps choose to exploit it. I think it would be very bizarre to go 'I'll put some eyes on a billboard and that will mean this...' before you begin. The mind is bizarrely brilliant at creating patterns that are thematic and symbolic. For example you might start a story about a cranky farmer and it starts off with him killing coyotes and putting up a fence. Most people wouldn't have gone 'I'll start with a fence scene so we can seem him build a wall around himself to show what an isolated character he is' but with it in mind that the character is isolating himself from the world you naturally create scenarios that echo this. The sign of a good writer is seeing this and exploiting it to make drama but not something you begin with 'consciously'.
building a fenceBut is that symbolism or character development?
sure is r/books in hereplease kindly share with us specific definition of this "average reader"
you don't enjoy a little symbolism?
meant for
The fence is clearly a symbol of his isolation from the world. Take something simpler. Luke Skywalker wearing white and Darth Vader wearing black. It's not something I suspect any intelligent person would have suggested for its symbolic qualities but like I said the mind is so loaded that when it starts crafting a pure character he's wearing white.
calls other r/booksin same post brings in debaters unpleasantness and muh'logic please define X implying that anon's post was advocating an actual "average reader" mark and not just saying that one should act according to the audience that exists simply epic
A novel is storytelling. Wanting book not to be a book is saying the story should not be a story. But it is. It has a narrator that is constructing an artificial narrative for entertainment. The only thing that would work for you is a novel that was basically documentary. Using minimalist language and describing what happens in sequential order with no dramatic framework. Which might be interesting but the point is that symbolism has lots of uses as a storytelling device and avoiding it to pretend their isn't a narrator is ridiculous and a rule you'd only follow to be pretentious. You wouldn't care as a reader unless it were poorly done. 'Oh is that supposed to be symbolic of his grief? Fucking hell, the dreamstate has been ruined!'
But is he fenced out, or fenced in? PathosIs he figuring out how to best construct the fence? LogosOr is he building a fence for a neighbour's cattle or something? Ethos
It's D. He just likes looking at fences.
Pleb here. This diagram looks like it's saying that the author's intent is the least important thing to consider when reflecting on a written work, while the opinion of an English professor should be highly regarded.So what's the point of an author putting any effort into his writing in the first place if some faggot is just going to interpret it however he wants, and will then teach his understanding to students who will unquestioningly believe him?
Sounds like you're in the same boat as me.You hate Roland Barthes without even knowing it my friend.A great example i like to use is "The naked Lunch" by William Burroughs - stripped of the context of the way the author lived and thought during it's production robs it of half it's value as a text.
Top tier arguments, anons. Bravo.Anon 1:Reading is a pastime. Any additional value you assign to it is just you losing your head up your own assYou:NO NOT! I SMART, U DUMB!
I disagree though. Prose that presents a clear image without being flashy is not a parlor trick and least not in the way that heavy handed symbolism is
Anon 1 has his head wedged even further up his own ass though. He's just repeating himself with more words than anyone who cares enough to respond to him.
Suggesting that an author should only write for people who don't understand complex work is anti intellectual. You're suggesting that all literature should be dumbed down for the masses.
He put forth an actual argument. Is the best response anybody on /lit/ can give is "lolno ur wrong" without some semblance of an explanation? Seems pretentious and, dare I say, anti-intellectual to me.
He doesn't have an argument, he nullified his own. He answered his question "of why do people bother with complex work" with the semantical "one's enjoyment of complex work can be described as entertainment".
Not that I really care that much about an argument a couple of anons are having, but from my reading of this thread the discussion had devolved into the two anons I quoted earlier dismissing the "reading is entertainment" anon as simply not "getting" art, and calling it a day.
No he didn't. For one thing the premise that all fiction is strictly for entertainment is entirely wrong because that ignores things like satire, social commentary, or any fiction that's used to put forth a philosophy or make any sort of other statement.Even beyond that, the assumption that there's no entertainment to be found in things that 'need to be deciphered" or can't be understood by "the average reader" is also wrong. His only response so far to anything anyone has said has boiled down to "lolno that's ENTERTAINMENT too11!1" which isn't an argument.
Read "Bruges-la-Morte" of Rodenbach, a really good book and a symbolist one.
Well put anon, always refreshing to actually read something of merit on here.
it's only effective if the symbol used is neither a blatantly obvious cliche, nor a vague and obtuse parallel that english teachers masturbate overin short, it's a balancing act
If fiction authors cared about you developing the "correct" interpretation of their work they would just become nonfiction writers
Does /lit/ into ancient world literature? How would any of you compare and contrast the Epic of Gilgamesh with the theory of the Bicameral Mind by Julian Jaynes, which posits that ancients did not actually have consciousness the way we do, but rather experienced auditory hallucinations coming from one side of their brain to the other, experienced as the voice of gods? In my opinion, while on the one hand there's plenty of talking with gods going on in Gilgamesh, Gilgamesh himself also displays uncannily modern introspection and appears to have internal struggles especially over his own mortality that he knows are not dialogues with gods. Since this is the oldest printed literature on the planet that we know of, doesn't it kind of shit all over the theory of the Bicameral Mind as explained by Jaynes? I think he may be on to something, but his timescale is way off. Still, I'd be interested to know if there's any other ancient literature BC only that /lit/ can point me to, which has substantial evidence of internal dialogue.
which posits that ancients did not actually have consciousness the way we do, but rather experienced auditory hallucinations coming from one side of their brain to the other, experienced as the voice of godslmao
only reference I've seen to Bicameral Mind is PKD, so it must not hold much theoretical water. neat idea though.
Does that theory have data to back it up? It could just as easily be that we socially select people who don't claim to have daemons now that we have a more sophisticated understanding of the world and social organization than the ancients did, now that we have concepts like mental illness that dictate what is and isn't acceptable. Plenty of people today have auditory amd hallucinations, it seems far fetched and even counterintuitive to think that the fact that they also did in the past indicates a change in brain structure across the entire species.
I'm old, so I remember when this book came out. Someone I was working for at the time made everyone read it. Anyway it's an interesting idea. I've wondered if maybe it's backwards...what if ugh, there I go with "what if" God's voice has become absorbed into our brain, rather than our brain being the actual source of the voice. KnowhatI'msayin'? PS Fuck you sushi captcha
What was it like back in mesopotamia?
Sounds like Hegel's interpretation of Christianity. Subjective will becomes unified with divine law through the institution if the New Law following Jesus' death & resurrection.
I've read a book called Return to the Brain of Eden, in that the author had a theory about something like OP said. If I remember correctly, they said that at one point in evolution our brain wasnt "split" like now, and when it became split, that was the time people began to experience the voice of god or call it how you like it. Its an interesting book, I'd recommend it for OP.
ayyyyIt is currently what modern cogsci researchers would probably classify as "esoteric" lol, but I like how it pokes holes in places most people wouldn't think toIt's plausible, but it doesn't solve any problems from the point of view of a religious person such as myself. God would have a lot to answer for if he were the dude in the back of Hitler's mind saying "all you have to do to secure a future for hundreds of millions of Germans is kill a few million minorities; do it bro"That's neat; tell me more. Does Hegel reference old texts in his exegesis of this theory of his?
hell yeah, way back then. there were Hittites around.
Return to the Brain of EdenThat sounds "interesting," but a cursory glance at the book on Amazon makes me think it's newage hogwash even less rigorously realized than the admittedly loose text referenced in the OP.Give me one good, truly compelling reason to bother with it.
which was actually pretty neat; them hos was ratchet
God's already got a lot to answer for. Or not, 'cause he's God. I don't have a solid opinion on this, btw. Just fun to run my multicameral mind around.
Does Hegel reference old texts in his exegesis of this theory of his?Read him and find out. The short answer is yes, the long answer is that anyone who makes claims like that without using g 'old texts' to back them up is an idiot who wouldn't be well-known for proposing it 200 years after his death.
Can you recommend a specific text by Hegel for this? Thanks in advance.
Lectures on the Philosophy of HistoryThe Spirit of Christianity
Again, as a religious person, I fully agree. god plswhy evil thogod y r u hideingbuttsex?aliums god?haha srsly tho
Thanks!
This book posits a much more plausible explanation.
class="quote"In Darwin's Pharmacy: Sex, Plants and the Evolution of The Noösphere, the transhumanist philosopher focuses on his favorite technology: the psychedelic, "ecodelic" plants and chemicals read: drugs that can help make us process more information and make us aware of the effect of language and music and nature on our consciousness, thereby offering us an awareness of our own ability to effect our own consciousness through our linguistic and creative choices. And that, from an evolutionary perspective, is simply sexy.I took a class with this guy, and he's legit. He could answer every question I thought to ask. Absolutely brilliant.
Does he have evidence? If not, these claims should not be accepted as true.
Bicameral Mind was interesting but it's widely regarded as a shower thought by academics.
I said plausible, not true. Coevolution with domesticated and wild plants is certainly conceivable, given our omnivorous diet. Jaynes for instance had no scientific basis. Furthermore he restricted his studies to ancient Greek literature for some reason.
I agree completely. I'm skeptical only because Terence McKenna proposed a similar hypothesis that was Jaynes-tier.
Darwin's Pharmacywhy does he talk about sex ?
sex is rather phenomenally important to the human psyche.He's also specifically talking about sexual selection, and how ideas inspired by plants provided a fitness coefficient, thus strengthening certain behaviors.
I have watched he seems like the typical hippy. He even has thebit on some illness curred instantly.Sex matters for those who want it to matter. IF you say that sex matters, you assume that it is unlikely to find another activity to achieve whatever is achieved from the importance of sex.
there is also the question of what happens to those who do not have access to this drugs, say in the Hymalya, or somewhere else. Are they doomed ?Als, he seems to forget that a drug is just drug, , just a high-yield technic for some purpose.
 IF you say that sex matters, you assume that it is unlikely to find another activity to achieve whatever is achieved from the importance of sex...what?
you say that somehow sex matters, but there can be another activity which achieves the exact same thing as sex in doing it better
Do you mean reproduction? I genuinely don't understand what you're trying to say here. It doesn't seem like if sex is important, only sex is important.
Is there anything else that will reach the important place that sex holds for humans?
You're begging the question. Why do you assume that sex is the most important thing for humans? Why does it follow from sex being the most important thing psychologically that nothing else matters to us?
Well, I'm not him so I'm not begging any questions. Just trying to help him get out what he wanted to say.
Sex is part of who we are. It's the stuff we are made out of. We did not invent the laws of nature, but found them already in place. Sure, we can buck the trend, we can go against nature. But this an anthropological hypothesis. Is it not insipid to believe our stone age ancestors shared this detachment from nature? Wouldn't the converse be true? Wouldn't they be closer to the mean, and we the deviation? he seems to forget that a drug is just drug, , just a high-yield technic for some purposeNo he doesn't. A drug can only give you what you already have. Our brain filters our experiences according to a rational regime. Activation of these memory cells is a punctuated equilibrium. So for example, the memory that sparks fly from banging rocks. A lesser beast would quickly forget. What Doyle posits, is that intoxication, whether intentional or otherwise, lowers the threshold for neuronal activation, when the action potential would normally be too low to trigger a conscious response. This then, by my own estimation, serves as a better example for the voice of God in ancient texts. It is no secret that oracles imbibed of many intoxicating chemicals, and these practices no doubt existed in the folk tradition long before writing came about.
If early humans didn't have the same kind of consciousness as we do now, they existed tens of thousands of years ago, way before Gilgamesh was created and probably before there were any stories being exchanged period. Gilgamesh is really not THAT old, certainly not old enough that the humans who created it were so biologically different from us they didn't even have what we understand as human consciousness.Ancient literature is cool though, almost scary in a way. Imagine what literature existed before Gilgamesh that we just don't have any records of. What was THE first motif in literature ever? Was it light vs. dark like Jungians posit? What was the first piece of literature to really have the "great flood" in it, or the woman as the seductress who tempts man into self-awareness? Were these based on historical accounts, or always just poetic symbols, or both? It's an interesting topic and feels like you're diving into the lowest roots of the human mind and sentience in general.
The most interesting flood myth comes from China. It's hilariously altruistic compared to Noah, for example, who in an act of severe douchebaggery, lets people drown in favor of carrying elephants and giraffes. If the western mythos is about a surrender to a vengeful and evil god, the founding Chinese mythos is one of the triumph over the caprice of nature. fucking spam filters, just google itthe flood usually results from natural causes rather than "universal punishment for human sin". Another distinct motif of the myth of the Great Flood of China is an emphasis on the heroic and praiseworthy efforts to mitigate the disaster."Another key motif is the development of civilization and bettering the human situation despite the disaster of the deluge.These and other developments are integral to the narrative, and exemplify a wider approach to human health and societal well being than emergency management of the flood and its immediate effects. "
Did Plato steal from the Aboriginals?
He also does ted talks. 
Why do you read, anon?
I want to know things.
I don't know.
it fills the gaps in my days and my character
Because I hate myself and want to become a flawlessly intelligent being. I'm not making any progress so I guess it is just a habit now. I'll die alone with a book in my hand.
Because I've become a reclusive faggot who's grown weary of his own faggotry.
hey it's youI've been trying to find youIt's that one anon that wanted to read House of Leaves
it's sitting behind me right now, mocking me, taking up the space of 3 good books i don't remember if i asked, do you have skype or something? i can get it to you some time this week, probably
In order to become a cultured patrician.
foi pouco
To feel cultured.
I do not. I watch lectures and conferences on the topic that I like, because it is easier to convey ideas and make them understood trhough speeches than through writing.
You need to read in order to be a proper human being and I also congratulate myself on reading more in a week than most Americans read in a year in order to deal with my hellish life.
"I just came here for the free lunch."Actually Dorian, I read to identify and make use of concepts I would not have been able to come up with on my own.
gotta fill the time between faps with something
To fuck bitches and get money.
Power Transcendence
The Symbols on the page merge with my face and I become beautiful from its interaction.
it's programming.coffehand can you really? that'd be so absolutely fantastic
y'know that kinda shit was in this writing exercises book I got that was written by these two old 50+ certainly white women
I saw this before in some other threadrecently; of course, written by you, all the same,and I thought then as now that it's actuallyquite nice. I haven't consumed enough beauty, I suppose, to judge it as shit, yet.
yeah, i'll email you in a minute
did you create bitcoinmaybe
I don't
because escapism with the excuse of learning. video games make me feel stupid for the most part. drugs help me have more fun reading.
Holy shit.Is this "clueless"?I do not remember him reading that.
To expand my horizon
To waste time, and to maybe get into this "life" thing again.
this. also secret ambitions of writing something myself but until then it's just wasting time until i get my life back if that ever happens
they say I need to do it
this
for the bantz
to learn.
I want to see the inside of other people's minds. I want to see the world as they do, if only for a moment, and I want to see the worlds that they imagined for themselves. That connection you get when you're reading through a hundred thousand words of someone else's thoughts is like nothing else in this world.tl;drempathy is a helluva drug
start 9-5 after graduating uniwhen I tell people stories about it they actively tell me to get out as soon as possiblemy /lit/ browsing and reading ha has plummeted AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
because I'm getting older and worse at video games, so I need a good time waster.
I enjoy it.
No friends, no life, no job, no school - got to do something besides smoke weed and play vidya.I mean, my parents are mad all the time and still give me some cash here and there so I can do stuff I'm 26 btw, so I can buy weed and books, and when they see me reading well...they think I'm doing something smart. so there's that. Got to do something.
Because the story in most movies and video games feels watered down.
It gives purpose to life. I don't want to just watch TV and shitpost on /b/ my entire life.
to find the answer
because it makes me feel less lonely
when my parents see me reading books, they ask me why i'm wasting away my life doing nothing.
Better to be a /lit/ NEET than a /pol/, /a/, /b/, /r9k/ etc.
that's depressing
They're probably right.
Nah they're just spooked
This is even more depressing.
I like it
reading 2 or more books at the same timeHow do you do it?
Satan
have an audiobook play while you read another book
By reading one book at a time.
One eyeball per page
que será, será...
?
That movie ruined me emotionally forever.
Why would John Milbank promote a strengthening of family and having a stay-at-home parent when family is essentially an apparatus of capitalism?

But family was also a thing in Asia and Marx says that asian economics and Base are outside History and useless.
I don't recall him ever saying that, but if he did he was just parroting Hegel, since I doubt he read a lot of Asian thinkers and data
Family as a concept has existed in countless indigenous cultures that were not capitalistic for thousands of years
Because the stay-at-home parent familial unit pre-dates capitalism you helmet-child.
The fuck are you on about?Family has nothing to do with capitalism.
And it was an apparatus for the ruling class. As Engels points out, marriage was developed for men to exploit women as the first instance of class structure.
Monogamous relationships to raise children have existed since the time we hunted wooly mammoths and most probably before. There was no ruling class to uphold.
Engels is a pseudo-historian. Marriage developed in most socities even when societies were continents apart. In reality, Monogamy was established because its stabilizing, productive element of societies. It curbed suspicion and jealousy of both sexes, it enabled for relations across local-identities through the use of inter-marriage, and it further reinforced the division of labor between the sexes.
I'm calling out the leap in reasoning that that explanation means marriage was developed for men to exploit women. Raising the kids until they're 10, having an arranged marriage, and picking herbs isn't exploitation. Men were teaching young boys to hunt, having arranged marriages, and hunting deer.
somebody hasn't read anti-oedpiushow embarrassing :^/
Have you even read him?Thus when monogamous marriage first makes its appearance in history, it is not as the reconciliation of man and woman, still less as the highest form of such a reconciliation. Quite the contrary. Monogamous marriage comes on the scene as the subjugation of the one sex by the other; it announces a struggle between the sexes unknown throughout the whole previous prehistoric period. In an old unpublished manuscript, written by Marx and myself in 1846, I find the words: “The first division of labor is that between man and woman for the propagation of children.” And today I can add: The first class opposition that appears in history coincides with the development of the antagonism between man and woman in monogamous marriage, and the first class oppression coincides with that of the female sex by the male.
Once again, he's failing to characterize marriage as the subjugation of women. Does the division of labor constitute subjugation. Doubtful. Is hunting, which was life-threatening and physically demanding, the superior labor in regards to picking herbs and fruits? Maybe its child-rearing? Except, most women reared children only until they were able hunt if they were men, help forage if they were women, and finally until they married off. As sensationalist and romantic as it may be to call marriage the initial subjugation of women, Engels is still full of shit.
The 1950's predates capitalism, eh?
Are you telling us you're so historically short-sighted that the history begins in the 20th century for you?
lol
If you dogmatically follow marxist doctrine which you should not...
Hegel said that and then Marx said it again and it was obviously wrong.
I'm calling out the leap in reasoning that that explanation means marriage was developed for men to exploit women.The marriage has always been about filiation, about the legitimate descendants. The purpose was to marry two families. Today, with the marriage for love, it is only two individuals who get married. A marriage for love fits well into the individualistic era such as ours, but it remain an aberration.Today, since the homos have the right to marry, we say that the filiation happens only via the education. This is pure ideology naturally. What makes you a parent ? It can be :-the genes-the education-the genes and the educationWith the human rights for all, you see that the couples infertile by the nature of their relationship, or by their natural infertility, can enter into a filiation only through the education.The first step became apparent when the bastard children were recognized the same rights as the legitimate ones, in the marriage for the heteros, especially when it comes to the inheritance.Of course, women never had any remorse to be fucked by the neighbor, give birth to bastards nor to pass them as legitimate, so the theory of the marriage is a bit phony but as we conceived them by the dozen, as they died a lot, we might as well go with the flow. Now, that we conceive only a few children, we tend to be picky on the filiation.You see here a tension between the 'everything is social like the left dreams about' and the stance that 'everything is genetics, from the right' since it is common knowledge today that we are determined genetically for what matters.Nowadays, the marriage is dead and buried. There is clearly no relevance in going into it. Even more so when the sexual fidelity is no longer accepted and desired, when the divorce without fault becomes the rule I am tired of you, so let's divorce and you do not even have a word to say in my decision.The bourgeoisie destroyed the marriage by their mores.
the john green of his time, marvellous
top cuck
he's just telling his main audience what they want to heara free pass to suck cocks while yelling muh equalitywith their mouth full of semen
Sorry to invite a tangent , but did he really say that? Is he really saying that people should treat their sexual partners in the same regard as household commodities and other inanimate objects?
Just cuck me up.
his wife is a jewess, what do you expect. man she must tour all the orgies of their twon every night
Isn't that what liberalism is? commodification of everything?
That's capitalism you're thinking of
Liberalism is capitalism as politics.
Crime is objectively the plebbest genre of adult literature, how do we save it? What would it take to drag it up from the depths and elevate it to proper literary form?
Actually, it's romance novels, you stupid fucking /v/ermin.
crime writer detectedMaybe you should try listening to criticism instead of consoling yourself on the falsehood that maybe you might not be the absolute bottom of the barrel.
Try actually giving criticism instead of just saying "it's the plebbest genre" with no reasons to support your statement.
thisi can't think of any genre that is shittier than romance
there is a genre for crime? like pirates and shit or what? tbh sounds interestingtfw you get thrown in jail, but you have the last laugh, since they are all your m8spicking pockets trying to stay out of the streetburglarizing housesloitering
you make it edgy and amoral: chandler, hammet. you make it existential: auster. you make it ironic pulp: chabon. etc etc. in all cases of the previous cases, you just make it worse than it already is and fool plebs into thinking they're reading "literary" crime.
PULP FICTION RATINGStop tier provided the content is good this is obviously a generalizationwesterns sci fimisc historical fictionsome mysteriesmid tiermost mysterytrue crimebad sci fifanatasybeyond redemption tierGRRMfanfictionromance novels
tfw reading this but can't understand what the cuck is going on most of the time
Are you the same guy who said that Dune is convulted?
The fact you can't understand a simple book like that and your use of the word cuck makes me think you should go back to either /pol/ or /r9k/Once you've finished your high school education, you're welcome to come back
It's a poorly written, decently presented run of the mill sci-fi story.
a good three quarters of this board is in highschool
I can understand the general context of the things that happen but the terms used are sometimes too outdated and make me kinda confused.Nope.Pretty much this actually.
What is our obligation to these people? I ask this as a serious question as a member of /lit/. Somebody posted the other day about not being able to follow who's speaking in Bleeding Edge, which is a really fucking easy Pynchon book to read.Neuromancer is a really easy book to read too. What are we supposed to do with these people? I think it's a good idea to encourage others to read, but this shit's pathetic. Tell them to read something simpler? Ask them to post excerpts they have trouble with and explain to them? I'm honestly not sure.
What is it with retards on this board having problems with reading really basic shit like Neuromancer? I hope you don't post your opinions on any literature on this board, because you're a fucking moron if you can't even make it through that.There's nothing you can do. If someone is that dumb, it's practically terminal.
dfw "Plus Herbert’s novel itself is incredibly long and complex, and so besides all the headaches of a major commercial production financed by men in Ray-Bans Lynch also had trouble making cinematic sense of the plot, which even in the novel is convoluted to the point of pain.." - From “David Lynch Keeps His Head” by David Foster Wallace; collected in A Supposedly Fun Thing I’ll Never Do Again.
It's about some temps merging some files.
I have a copy of their Crime & Punishment, as well as their Dr. Zhivago translations. Should I just throw those out in favor of the older, more faithful versions? If so, which ones does /lit/ recommend?
throw them out, you got jewed pretty hard by those old kikes.
here are my copies from the early 60's :^
tfw anything I post here gets called b8How do I stop being such a pleb.
stop posting
I just want to be smart like you guys.
Don't dissent from the hyper conservative hivemind
there are no plebs among the dead
we call you a pleb because we disagree with you, not because we're smart or correct
When you grow some self-respect and stop getting your feelings hurt by insults from limp-wristed freshman Philosophy majors on 4chan.
Then read more, formulate more educated opinions and stand behind them.
Just b urself
Reinforcement learning
Are you baiting us to post rate b8 pics?
implyingWe're limp-wristed college dropouts prentending to be Philosophy majors, show some respect.
Ironically, this is the smartest post I´ve seen on /lit/
limp-wristedThat's a pretty original insult.
Hey sometimes I comment on my own posts too
Holy shit.
I intended "freshman" and philosophy major" to be a bit more biting, but thanks!
I recommend reading Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace
It wasn't actually a compliment. It's a pretty dumb insult, really.tfw I wanted to be a philosophy major but the college rejected me
They did you a favor. Pick something you can get paid for.
I'm thinking about going to a seminary and studying for an occupation with religion. Maybe as a monk or something. I'm not certain, and I don't know anything about how seminaries work or what kind of qualifications are desired in an applicant.
do a google search for 'seminary qualifications'
nice bait
I probably wouldn't get in due to my opposition to the beliefs held by the church and the fact that I have never been baptized or gone to a single mass.
option1. lieoption2. find a seminary for a denomination you agree withoption3. do something you can get paid for
I don't feel comfortable lying, especially in regards to my spirituality.I'm a Gnostic Chrisitan with my own independent interpretation of the scriptures. I don't think there are any organizations that have the same beliefs that I do, but I was hoping to find some order that's open-minded and encourages individual beliefs of Christ's teachings. I personally think that baptisms and Sabbath services are meaningless mystic rituals, and I also think that the Old Testament is a bunch of bologna.I don't understand how the third option is independent of the other two.
Unitarian Universalism might be worth looking into.
I just did a quick search around my area and it appears that Wesley Theological Seminary only an hour from where I currently live is a universalist one. Thanks for the tip.
WE we we we we we we/lit/ is one person
we is a singular pronoun nowThanks for the update anon !
just become a nondenominational NEET who seeks to imitatio christi and helps people with true compassion as much as he can
Well yeah, but the thing is I need a way to have food to eat and a place to sleep.
tfw /lit/ is no longer the creative outlet it once used to be, instead now it's just a place where fedora tippers can congregate to use and recycle various memes and hacks
tfw everyone here is a fedora-tipping shitlord who cries when he hears the word feminism or the word gamergate
tfw there are memes on 4chan
isn't gamergate about some girl who bribed reviewers or something?i never understood how it happened, or why people get angry, or why feminists get angry over it. is it just because shes a girl?
isn't gamergate about some girl who bribed reviewers or something?So they claim. i never understood how it happened, or why people get angry, or why feminists get angry over it. is it just because shes a girl?People get angry because a lot of peoe on the internet are legitimately too immature for feminism and the video game industry actually does treat its customers with absolutely no respect. It was mostly the former, but gamers are sheep who enjoy being consumers so they identified thereas and decided that they'd tweet about it hike they vented their anger over their inability to get laid.
too immature for feminismImagine if men who don't read Harlequin romance lit started to complain about the lack of dinosaurs and pirates. Imagine if they pretended that they didn't want to destroy women's cosy space, but wanted to help them.Imagined that? Good, that's how "nerd culture" has been treated for the last decade.
Nerd culture is cis white male culture. It needs to become more diverse or cease to exist.
Some guys accused a female reporter of sleeping with a guy who worked in the gaming industry or something. Feminists claimed that they only accused her of it because she's a woman and gamers claimed sexism had nothing to do with it and that it was really about ethics in journalism.
So what? You're incapablebof empathizing with women. Why should I bother to empathize with a pathetic subculture that doesn't make any sound arguments?
Pretty much this. It's pretty much the dumbest thing to happen for a long timeHere's the problem with that logic: Outside of a few ghettos, like Romance, culture and pop-culture are both overwhelmingly male, and in the West, white spaces. So more women and minorities in vidya is actually important since the media a person consumes is very important in the formation of how that person perceives the world. So a culture that only focuses on white men causes folks to see white men as the true default and the only possible complex individuals. This creates a culture that is more and more hostile to women and minorities accomplishing anything of note, since a media that only portrays women as pedestalized objects and minorities as stereotyped cardboard cutouts causes people to assume that these folks in real life are just as they are portrayed. To put it in /lit/ meme terms, ideology begets more ideology
This would be a good analogy if a no women played videogames, b women were asking for more unicorns and fairies in videogames rather than more women/ realistic women c harlequin romance was an entire medium not a genre.
imagine if you could actually come up with a decent analogy
needsThat horrible little word known from your local clickbait.empathizingI'ts because I *respect* themand in the West, white spacesSo, the western world is mostly white.Wrong, wrong and wrong.A Do they play the same games? And please don't give me that botching the books-bs by claiming that Candy Crushers are 1337-GAMURZ.B Check this out. An unrealistic man. Because women is the audience. And when all else fails, you can always count the wrongs and disregards the rights.C To be exact, Harlequin novels are novels published by the Harlequin Enterprises Ltd, now a division of HarperCollins Publishers LLC.With that said, what kinds of games are the feminists complaning about. Flight simulators? Farming simulators? Business simulators? Submarine simulators that demands three weeks of autism to sink a single freighter? No, they are complaining about men's video game equivalent to romance novels for women. Cheap shots at big targets such as Halo, Call of Duty, Mass Effect and so on.
You don't respect them, you think they're idiots who need to have the content of their actions explained to them because they don't understand it.
Imagine if you started your sentences with a capital letter and ended them with correct punctuation. You would've passed for a mature person.
I respect women who read books intended for women by not trying to save them from themselves.. I know that they are adults responsible for their own actions.
:-/
So a lots of women are reading books that neither you nor I are reading. I'm cool with that, but you are obviously despising them.
I genuinely don't understand your reasoning. Could you present it in a valid logical form?
hurr durr I am a lazy faggotOk, entering retard mode.I am not reading Harlequin novels.You are not reading Harlequin novels.We are not reading Harlequin novels.A lot of women are reading Harlequin novels.Not all women are reading Harlequin novels.I am cool with a lot of women reading Harlequin novels.I am not disturbing the women reading Harlequin novels.The women reading Harlequin novels are not disturbing me.I and the women reading Harlequin novels are not disturbing each other.You are not cool with a lot of women reading Harlequin novels.You are not cool with a lot of dudebros calling each other fag while playing Halo.You can not disturb the women reading Harlequin novels, because you do not know where to start.You can disturb the dudebros playing Halo, because it is so easy to start.Exiting retard mode.
But feminism doesn't care about whether or not it disturbs people who read certain kinds of books. It cares about giving women equal opportunities in industries. It makes other arguments, butthegre less important, and rejecting feminism because you think it disturbs an established social order is kind of stupid.
rejecting feminism because you think it disturbs an established social order is kind of stupidThis.
Accepting that women have a right to read what they want doesn't = a rejection of feminism.
if thats what they claim, wouldnt that put them in the same position as Feminism? Having radicals that keep posting reactionary, hateful things?I don't understand how people can try and tell other people how they should write their games. or worse, harassing people when they don't bend to the backseat writers will. If you don't like it, then just don't buy it. Its creative content, and critique if you want, but saying it shouldn't exist or should be banned or changed is just absurd. A solution would be to make your own game, make it good, and push whatever agenda you want in it. All this has done is provided larger corporations an incentive to pander, not necessarily change anything. These anti's are falling victim to marketing. Even that Anita girl gave terribly shallow reviews of the games she raise an immense amount of money to play and critique. I would be angry should I had donated. A lot of them look like she maybe read half the wiki page and watched the trailer. I was hoping for insight and received nothing
they have no obligation to cater to you. You do not equal their mainstream market. So they will not risk tons of money selling to people, who are likely a handful of people. They would go out of business. You have no real right to tell them how to do what theyre doing. you aren't forced to buy it or even look at it.Not to mention theres a seemingly endless list of strong, well written female characters, yet all that gets critiqued are AAA blockbusters akin to a Michael Bay film in quality and narrative. Should the tables be turned, its not criticized for portraying men as expendableconstantly dying, because theyre creative works, and getting upset that a video game didnt pander to you, is like getting upset that twilight didnt have your favorite anime character as the main character. Its not up to you, I don't know how you can even begin to believe you should control somebody's creativity
and don't you fucking forget it
I'm arguing against people who reject feminism. I'm a cisgendered white male with disposable income and a lot of free time. I'm exactly their market. I think GamerGate has been idiotic from the beginning. Both sides only make themselves look worse by participating at all. It's a sideshow that internet celebrities have used to make money and gain influence and not much more. If the video game industry collapsed tomorrow the world would be a better place than it would be if either side of the controversy got its way.
white men cultureTop recent blockbuster books50 shades Hunger GamesTwilight
lists three books that have sold well because of marketing and the memes. Wew lads, glad to see that we don't live in a white and male dominated society where these are the exceptions and not the general rule. I guess that we feminists should just pack up and go home, because Twilight, 50 Shades of Grey and the Hunger Games alone are symptomatic of feminism winning all the things. I'm so glad that there is perfect equality in opportunity for the genders now and our media no reflects the fact that women are half of the population, on both the creative and consumption sides. We did it!
Yeah, that's what feminists mean
No you aren't. Their market is people who like video games, and will buy it. Statistics show, its normally a white teenager/20something in the middle class. This is happenstance and an example of correlation=/=causation. From what I can tell, GamerGate was just an attempt to bring media attention to a scandal of bribery. The attacks against it are normallyits a lot of white people in gamergateits against someone who happens to be a womancorrelation=/=causationsome followers aren't feministunrelated to gamergateThis isn't supposed to be a feminist issue. It was literally just speaking out against corruption. How do you defend someone who slept with judge to get a good score on something?Cisgendered white malethis alone is an example of segregation. division for what purpose.
Why don't women just do great things and gain respect via meritocracy?theres many that have done it already. AMD's CEO is a woman, multiple degrees. Yahoos CEO is a woman, billionaire. Media is a product on the market, and thus is sold and marketed as one. Its obvious that whatever they're doing is working. Why would they start pandering to feminists? what good would it serve them? do you give them any incentive? otherwise why would they submit to your ideas, when they have entire departments to create ideas. many of which include women. Its their private creative property, they can do with it what they please. If you want female dominated media, simply create your own. Because thats what everybody else has done since businesses were a thing.
2012thinking any board was ever good at any timethinking /lit/ from the time it was created to the time you started lurking was the constantly the samethinking boards aren't constantly changing all the timebeing unaware of the fact that you weren't just ignorant of how shitty /lit/ was when you started lurkingbeing this much of a newfag▲▲▲tao lin here btwmfw
Then why does it attack female developers, gamers, and folks who don't support Gamergate? Why is it's main defining feature is a hostility to feminism? Why doesn't it target I don't know, gaming journalists? The fact of the matter is that there are people who are involved with Gamergate so they can stop feminism from entering vidya and these people are, if not in the majority, are at least the most vocal minorityExcept that when you look at it, the vast majority of CEOs are men. Disproportionately even. So, if we had actual meritocracy in society, wouldn't the gender and racial makeup of career fields more or less reflect the general makeup of the society? I'm not arguing for diversity for diversity's sake, I'm arguing for the best and brightest to actually be considered and have the opportunity to be able to be qualified for any job. And also, if media is slowly becoming more diverse naturally, with not "pandering" to feminists and if more and more media is being produced by feminists, wouldn't this be an indicator that the market is veering towards more inclusive media?
This isn't supposed to be a feminist issue. It was literally just speaking out against corruption. How do you defend someone who slept with judge to get a good score on something?As has been pointed out numerous times ITT, people claiming that gamergate doesn't have a sexist element are the problem with gamergate. You're in that category.
 gamergate doesn't have a sexist element Whereas you're just in the people claiming it has relevance to /lit/, anon. How much Nerval have you read?
Remember when lit was good xdNever happened.
I brought up GamerGate because someone asked about it . You were the one that related literature to it . Your example makes sense, but I still don't see why your attitude is respectful as you claim it is in . Usually, IMO, respect invovles trusting others to be competent to make their own decisions under normal conditions. You seem to want to make decisions for women while rejecting all the voices advocating for women other than your own.
then why call it gamergate anymore?what remains of the original purpose?if its really just a bunch of bitter retards attacking unrelated topics, than its been co-opted by them. People claiming feminism doesn't have a hate element too it are the problem with feminism, you're in that categoryWhere do the #killallmen people fall? are they feminist? they sure claim that they arePerhaps a look into why it seemingly attacks feminism, and not journalists will explain it?Stopping feminism from being shoehorned into video games is legitimate cause, because its already been incorporated. There are countless examples of games with well written female leads and roles. but these are ignored for the likes of mainstream video games. Regardless, video games are media, and you have no right to tell somebody how to write their game, this is what i'd imagine the hostility to feminism is aboutWhy does it attack female devs, gamers, etcwhy does feminism attack men, male anything, an folks that dont support feminismThe double edged sword is a cornerstone in equality, and it would seem some groups dont believe in it. Second point: For the most part, they are. The brightest and best have made it to the top. They are rewarded for the fruits of their labor. Hence 2 extremely large "exceptions" to the rule, being leaders in the IT industry that is constantly attacked for not being female enough.Meritocracy doesn't equal automatic equity. It implies it over time. Why would a company, who needs a brilliant physicist, hire a subpar physicist? They wouldn't. They would hire the best fit for the job. Someone who can offer the most of what they need and the least of what they dont. The best and brightest actually aren't rewarded in the sense of feminism. Many programs are capped with required female quotas. Many male applicants are overlooked in favor of female applicants, which may or may not be brighter than their male counterparts at the time. Intelligence and ability is completely ignored. Its all based on whether you have a vagina or not. not your skill. which quite frankly i'd be offended if I were a woman and kept getting patronized by everybody because I have a vagina. not because I'm smart. which is exactly what people like you keep doing. This kindof thinking alone is damaging to women, implying they constantly need help of feminism in order to get a job, and then only getting them jobs based of their vagina. its just insulting. The media over time will reflect its consumers and their wants. If it heads towards one more inclusive of feminist ideals, then it means that feminists are the paying customers more than any other group. or at least people who enjoy such media are.
a book mentioned on /lit/must be a meme! don't have to read now lol
then why call it gamergate anymore?Because they call themselves that. There are boards on chans that must not be named dedicated to it and they go by /gamergate/, google them and tell me there's not a reason to refer to that collective as GamerGate.what remains of the original purpose?Everything, because the actual cause was sexism as much as it was the quality of journalism. Again, I think all these people on both sides are idiots simply for being involved. Where do the #killallmen people fall? are they feminist? they sure claim that they areThere's more than one kind of feminism, just like there's more than one kind of conservatism and more than one kind of socialism. It isn't that hard to understand. I bet you shitpost in ideology threads all the time, try applying your Zizekisms once in a while.This is really simple.
I've been to it, its mostly "look at these morons, they're posting dumb shit" and "I want to help the cause, what websites haven't aligned with feminists, so i can get my news without an agenda"The sticky and many threads seem to say "dont be an idiot and just attack people, you're ruining the movement"How was the original intent sexism, please tellif there is more than one kind of feminism, would it not be odd to ask if there is not more than one kind of "gamer gate activist"the different between the two is that one has slightly more formal organization than the other, rather than being subject to loosely defined ideology that one can literally make up an decide its valid, and anybody who claims otherwise is bigoted.
It's all about political gains.The gains of lamenting romance novels: Slim to none - because women like it.The gains of lamenting dudebro games: Plenty - because men like it.
I'm not going to repeat myself.
Ciagendered white maleActually talking like thisTop brainwashing
yet all that gets critiqued are AAA blockbusters akin to a Michael Bay film in quality and narrativeIt's simple. These games are much more known than the productions. Also, their profit margin is smaller, so they are regrettably more prone to catering to the imagined mainstream. Consider the 1st sin of Mass Effect 3:href="#p6628503" class="quotelink"A solution would be to make your own game, make it good, and push whatever agenda you want in it.But that takes hard work! Muh magic assaultrifles that appears out of thin air:
STFU tumblr liberal cuck redditor gay SJW peace of shit
we had actual meritocracy in society, wouldn't the gender and racial makeup of career fields more or less reflect the general makeup of the society?What in the fuck even makes you people so god damn fucking retarded? Is this b8?
You were the one that related literature to itNo, I'm a different anon who like Nerval, a hardly controversial opinion for a literature board. I'd recommend skipping the poetry part and maybe going straight to hanging yourself if you don't know how an anonymous Arabesque literary drug salon works.
No u tbh
how an anonymous Arabesque literary drug salon worksWhat, you mean the way all the arguments are confusing because every participant is just a voice shouting in the dark?
No, I mean kill yourself, you're tedious and have no good books to leave behind.
I'm not even an aspiring writer
Not much of a reader either.
The fact of the matter is that there are people who are involved with Gamergate so they can stop feminismI'm one of these people.You people should stay the fuck away to be honest, everything you touch turn into a politicized caricature of itself that needs to cater to every snowflake that can handle the real world.I'm getting tired of you people and your fucking whining.
Said the antifeminist
le permavirgin argumentWow the high school year sure does end early these days.
It does target journos, but you probably enjoy reading sensationalist dreck via Vice and Kotaku. GG has brought change to Polygon's code journalistic ethics. Anti-GG has brought change to Anita Sarkeesian and Zoe Quinn in the form of Patreon $$$. Furthermore, two can play that game. Tons of so-called SJWs threatened to harm Joss Whedon. Tons of people told him to go die, which would have been seen as a death threat had Gamer gate told him to do so.
It's essentially just shitflinging from both sides, just play it safe and avoid video games altogether as the industry just isn't worth "saving."

How important do you find chronology in your reading? I feel a bit pleb jumping around from Melville to Pynchon to Nabokov to Joyce to Homer etc. I've seen people get shit in bookshelf threads several times because their reading lacked consistency, so I know some of you fags care.
help
Share it, I'll buy you some
just keep it simple
you ain't shit
sorry for the pastebin
Hello can you tell me the book  The new power avatar
The Miracle of New Avatar Power
Do you listen to music while you read? If so what kind? Pic sort of related but I couldn't imagine reading to it
I can't listen to music when I read. I might be retarded or something because I need near silence or I can't focus on anything.
On the train or at home yes. That or when there are some really obnoxious fucks around and music helps drown them out.
I dont usually listen to music while reading but if I do then stuff like this isn't distracting and pleasant 
listened to exactly this album yesterday while reading house of leaves. spooky shit, man
SFTB maybe my favorite album of all time. Generally I listen to Yo La Tengo at a very low volume when I read, though.
listening to post-1992 Swans
thanks for bumping this killer thread, champ
you're welcome, my dear friend
Soundtrack for the BlindSongs for the DeafWe need drum and bass tracks for people with anosmia.
Pic related when reading Macbeth, of course.I also wanted to listen to Tangerine Dream - Phaedra when reading Racine, but forgot to.
None. This filthy culture of constant background noise is horrible.People who say they need music in order not to be distracted by their environment are even worse.
I can't focus on reading if I'm listening to something overbearing.I'll usually listen to classical or movie soundtracks, if anything at all.Usually I'm chillin' at the hot-tub and the sound of the bubbles makes for good white noise.
Could you be a bit more of an asshole and self-righteous?
people who's brains work differently to mine are bad!!!
People who shield off their senses are fostering their lack of ability not to respond to stimuli when they should really be trying to keep their attention on the work at hand despite other stimuli. They should concentrate on focus, not isolation. Being used to and requiring isolation only decreases one's ability to focus.
I can't stand not having some kind of noise in the background. Not always music, but something. I put on white noise when I read or sleep.
listening to Swans at all
I'd say you'd probably be better off trying to overcome your need for sensory clutter than giving in to it.
Why? I get along just fine, and it brings me peace.
It brings you peace like valium brings you peace, by shielding you from the things you are unable to be at peace with. It's fake peace that can't always be relied on. It would ultimately be more peaceful to not be bothered by whatever auditory stimuli or lack thereof.
Merzbow goes really well with pretty much any kind of literature. The loud noises are very useful in keeping my thoughts from wandering and staying focused.
implying pre-1992 swans weren't shitbtw you guys have shit taste in music
Equating white noise and benzodiazepines? Opinion discarded. It's not blocking out anything; it's adding something.
Equating white noise and benzodiazepines? Opinion discarded. Comparing does not equal equating.It's not blocking out anything; it's adding something.Yes, it is adding noise by which individual sounds are drowned out. It is blocking out by adding something. Of course it also does away with possible silence.Do you dislike random sounds or do you dislike silence?
My fucking subvocalization cannot handle other sound
Comparing and equating are the exact same thing. You have to compare to equate but you cannot equate without a comparison.
In public I usually listen to music while reading to drown out other sounds and people's conversations. Mostly ambient/drone music. Sometimes generic neoclassical. I read House of Cards while mostly listening to GYBE so whenever I hear Moya I think of the book.
if i feel like it, most of the time it's classical music or ambient so that it's really in the background. If for some reason, i need a certain mood that fits the style of the book, i can also listen to some jazz or some music of the country from the story.
being this brainwashed about selfimprovement
Listened to this once while reading, almost cried
That album is good with anything, anywhere, at any time.tfw they never made a decent album after sung tongs
But I liked Feels and SJ
Then you are a nerd.
Does /lit/ have a pretty big crossover of users from /mu/?Anyway, I usually find myself focusing too much on the music if I try to read to anything. I usually have to be in complete silence to read and fully absorb everything.
/mu/ used to be my homeboard, but I can't stand that place anymore. They only talk about the same few albums over and over and only have the same threads all day. Nothing new ever happens there.Not that different from /lit/, reallyAnyway, regarding the last statement, see . Music can be distracting if it's conventional music, but atonal beatless noise can help, and so can ambient stuff.
but I can't stand that place anymore.Same here. Which sucks, because music is my favorite artform. I come to /lit/ because reading is my second favorite hobby and I've found you guys to be the most intelligent board I've regularly visited so far.I know /mu/ has always been pretty big on memes, but it just seems legitimately worse here lately. To the point where I actually can't remember the last time I saw a thread that just discussed an album or group without it devolving into memes.
I think Kanye and Death Grips are what finally sealed the fate of /mu/.
I listen 2 dis
Important to note that Kanye and DG aren't directly responsible for /mu/ going to shit. It's how /mu/ constantly posts them as memes because of their fixation of things they dislike instead of things they like.Kanye and DG have released some pretty good albums, and there's a reason they're posted a lot, but the faggots who purposely attempt to shit up the board by spammming threads over and over are to blame for everything.That and the fact that /mu/'s mods really don't give a fuck about anything unless you just outright post porn. Kpop threads very rarely discuss music and they're allowed to keep a constant 24 hour general up.
Does /lit/ have a pretty big crossover of users from /mu/?Hehe. Most of the /lit/ users are /mu/tants but not viceversa, 'cause reading is for faggots.
Sigur RosMah nigga.
Only like ambient/white noise, i can't listen to music where too much is going on when reading, but i like being able to plug out all my environement noises and replace them with some ambienty drones.
No, I'm not a fucking idiot
I always put the same shit, but reading with the fallout OST gets very atmospheric
jason segel looks like dfwjason segel is dfwthe same

You were equating.It's blocking out nothing. It's filling an absence. It's actually very healthy, especially compared to having to take pharmaceuticals. I really don't see what you're trying to get at. You just seem to be upset by the fact other people have different brains.
Fuck no. It's disrespecting the text to allow words, themes, and tones to be haphazardly superimposed via music.
Cringe, fucking loser.
is my favourite piece of "reading music"
It fills and absence between other sounds and creates an indistinguishable drone, thereby making it impossible to differ between individual sounds and effectively blocking out one's perception of them. That's how white noise works. What I'm trying to get at is that pampering yourself in this way "oh I must block out individual sounds in order to read, and I must be in my reading chair and the pillow must be just right and I need natural light and I should have some tea" etc is ultimately doing yourself a disservice because you create very particular circumstances under which you are able to function.It's not that people who are able to read without crutches have different brains, it's just that they have learned to read under suboptimal circumstances by repeatedly trying to focus on a book despite their environment and without electrical devices to create the preferred ambience. Needing white noise to read is like needing an extra pillow to sleep. Not a necessity because you're a different type of person with a special delicate brain, but just a luxury you have allowed yourself to consider a necessity to your own detriment.
Fuck off Niko
Not necessarily. A couple of Thomas Ligotti books, for example, have had soundtracks for them composed by Current 93, and the CDs sold with the book.
Ambient Brian eno, Harold Budd,
I only listen to music while reading, when i am in a noisy place, like a train or similar. Then i listen to drone or ambient.Examples: it has lyrics my concentration gets fucked.
This man knows what's up
Mainly classical.
How can you focus on literature and music at the same time if it's classical? Those two things are meant to have the complete attention of the one appreciating it.
You retards love Ligotti - well, this album is meant specifically to go alongside the reading of a short story of his.In a Foreign Town, in a Foreign Land, it's called.
On Land is GOAT
Oh, and it's by Current 93.
are meantReally? I thought music was meant to sound nice
It's disrespecting the text to allow such shitty brain to read it
Nigger, I already mentioned that ITT. See 
Really? I thought novels are meant to look nice.
disrespectingThis poster is a nigger. Give his opinions no credence.
ctrl+fsunnno resultsits good, try it.no idea where you got that notion from
deep frieze owns
Never thought about them as background music for reading. It's like putting up some sort of white noise I guess. Would have to avoid the songs with lyrics, though.
this one has lyrics and it works quite wellwww.youtube.com/watch?v=am8VThuLdss
Not him, but I hadn't listened to this release by them before! Would be amazing to see them live...For some lighter drone/ambient, you should check out the label ".phonographiq".This release is pretty comfy 
kek this reads like a youtube shill comment
Swanshow do you all you like this edgy mid 90s trash?
David Bowie - Hunky Dory goes really great together with Momo. But otherwise I prefer not to. The brain can't give the needed attention to neither activities. It messes up both activities.
I will, thanks.Would be amazing to see them live...They're on tour right now, but they haven't released the full dates.tfw no dates yet in my countrytfw chance that any possible date here will still be way too far away from me is astronomical
I never listen to music while reading.I do when I'm writing though, it helps me stay on task.
stubble stache as trademarkwhy though?
GASAS

I used to read every lunch during my highschool years listening almost every day to Irezumi
Classical music. Dave brubeck, Debussy, Arnold Schoenberg, Dvorak, Ornstein, Tchaikovsky I know, how cliché, etc etc. I also occasionally listen to drone/noise like Ambersmoke and others. I do tend to listen to it on a very low volume, so it isn't overpowering.
I listen to no-talking ASMR videos
Debussy, Arnold Schoenberg, Dvorak, Ornstein, Tchaikovskynot based Busoni or JanáčekIncidentally, I'm playing a quite rare copy of Brubeck's Time Out right now. It can be yours for $50.
OrnsteinCello Sonata No. 2 is based
Are you trying to tell me Ornstein is not a dragonslayer?
he plays dead souls
Ornstein is a fucking asshole, that's what he is.Also, you're implying that dragonslayers can't also write music.
I jumped ship to rym for music discussion. Try there
Black metalI remember reading Fear and Trembling while blasting Immortal and Burzum in my earphonesGood times
One of my friends saw 30 minutes of their set at Primavera in barcelona. But his girlfriend doesn't like drone, so they left to go see another band.
Not usually, but if I do, ambient electronic music is nice.
BM+Dostoyevsky makes just the perfect crispy combination
don't judge
implying this isn't the perfect counterpart to reading finnegans wake
So do I.But sometimes, when I read pop-culture novels, then I play the vidya game soundtracks of like Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 or Splinter Cell Blacklist.
This filthy culture of constant background noisei only read with music when there's other people making noise, actually.I used to be able to read while others watched the tv or talked, even close to me. those days are over apparently.
I think Dosteyevsky goes very well with Merzbow for some reason.
Alright /lit/, what do I read nextinb4 pleb hasn't read Ulysses
thinking that ulysses is more compulsory than catch-22 why, god, why
If I was going to re-read any of the three, it would be Catch-22.
that Ulysses cover
definitely catch-22
Ul ss
This OP, go for Catch-22.
Y ES
ULSSYES
Read the one you are most interested in. Don't let these people tell you what to do.
Catch-22.
Ul y ss es scribbles
great advice, really opened my mind
Best advice ever. That said, For Whom the Bell Tolls is incredibly, amazingly, supremely, enormously boring and dry. I'd want to die before re-reading.
lol are you people jokinghow is this a new idea for.....anyone???
Is sarcasm a new idea for you?
Catch-22 is indeed a good choice as others have said, but For Whom the Bell Tolls is one of my top 10 favorites.
That said, For Whom the Bell Tolls is incredibly, amazingly, supremely, enormously boring and dry. I'd want to die before re-reading.Hemingway is indeed dry, but if you find dryness boring, why even read it?
I guess I was curious, it was my third Hemingway and last. Overrated af imo tbh
Catch 22. Seriously I cannot even comprehend why you would think Ulysses is more entry level than Catch 22.
op MAKES A THREADHUUUUUUUUUUUR dont let people TELL you what to dobased retard
Catch-22people shit on it a lot on /lit/ but it's actually genuinely super good
It's definitely one of the funniest American books ever written.
I think it's really good
Who promoted Major Major?WHO PROMOTED MAJOR MAJOR?!?
i see everything twice
you shouldn't read just because you feel pressure by a micronesian plush doll designer pressing union
How many fingers am I holding up?
ulYssESYesYes I said yesFuck me, the cover was better when I thought it didn't make any sense
The Sun Also RisesOverratedI don't give a fuck if he wrote the biggest piece of shit afterwards solely because The Sun Also Rises is a novel is reason enough for Hemingway to be GOAT. Like he has hipsters nailed to a tee before they even had a label.
tfw I read 55196 words todayWho /fastreader/ here?
I'm a pretty slow reader and usually manage 40-100 pages each day depending on how much time I have.How do I get fast?
that's only like 220 pages. i typed up 10 today, edited at least 30, and read probably 200.
yeah, well i typed 100, edited 3000, and read 2000000
Fastest reader is best readerI'd like to read faster. -_-
How do I come out to my parents about being a Philosophy Zombie?Any other e/lit/ists not have qualia?
told my parents I'm a solipsistthey kick me out of the househave been homeless now for two weeks
fucking stop
tfw just an object in some other fag's consciousness
e/lit/istsdon't call me that redditor
Do you remember, /lit/?
There are some times when I really agree with him, and other times when I wonder where he forgot his fucking brain, like when he said that the Common Core was good for teaching kids critical thinking.
I first went on his website in 2003 which I later realised was right as he started declining due to not updating his site except for 4 times a year
Literally who
this shit is still onlineGoddamn
hehe, good times. i just ignore that he has a yt channel and a publishing deal now.
Wow this is some pleb-tier shit, eh?
like when he said that the Common Core was good for teaching kids critical thinking.The only time I hear people complain about cc is when retarded /pol/lacks claim it's a jewish plot to destroy the white race by means of disabling parents from helping their children do homework. What's your story?
It's a Jewish plot
pretty embarrassing how I used to think this guy was funny at all when basically all he does is write MY HUGE BALLS every other sentence
Ok, the very same one I mentioned, or something different?
Anyone listen to his podcast with Dick Masterson? Shit is so cringe.
Nothing like that. I'm just not a fan of the way it's sold as a means to get kids to think critically, but guides them towards certain lines of thinking. The way questions are worded and lessons are taught is very suggestive meaning it gives implications of how the question expects you to think about it, rather than allowing you to come to an answer on your own, in your own way. Many of the teachers that I know NYC teachers from elementary through high school all agree with this. They, like most teachers, it seems, are of the opinion that while the Common Core means well, it's a one size fits all approach to teaching, developmentally inappropriate in a way that ignores differentiated learning. It also doesn't help that the Common Core was not developed by teachers, which explains why it completely ignores the importance of developmentally appropriate lesson structures which is one of the most important qualities that teachers MUST be able to demonstrate.
What are you talking about, its the funnest podcast out there right now.
Dick has been out staging the shit out of Maddox lately. It's great.
That's some old school shite man.
Best podcast I've ever heard.
He is good to read when you are in high school because he is realistic and unsentimental and at that age most kids are pretty dumb. For example, it would be difficult to read his works in 9th grade and still dress as a goth.But he takes it a little too far. His advocacy of common sense becomes an advocacy of what is common in the bad sense of the word. Instead of reading a good book, he would rather watch a shitty movie and complain about it. Not a fan of his geek humor either.
his works
I got some stats for you!
Has anyone here ever read his books?
Why is non-fiction always so boring to read?Just feel like a chore.
Try reading about a subject you're actually interested in?I do find that I read non-fiction a lot slower, but I don't find it boring.
Try Gibbon
I recently went to a carnival, and for a while I thought I'd stepped into a male model convention. EVERY SINGLE GUY with a cute girl around his arm fit the pretty boy mold - flat profile, small midface, 90 degree jaw angle, clear and tanned skin, and of course under 25. All of them were lean with a bit of muscle as well, but what millennial doesn't lift?As I began to really observe the human landscape, a plethora of young incels and older dudes with their their hag girlfriends/wives emerged from the faded backdrop. And at that moment the divide between the haves and have-nots had never been more painfully clear to me.
Sounds like something from a Houellebecq novelTake that as you will
Sometimes, visiting /lit/ makes me insecure about my intelligence and knowledge of philosophy.Then I see the writing samples.
90 degree jaw angleW h a t ???
Sounds like an interesting commentary on the have and have not dichotomy in modern times.
Looks like a tumblr post.
meh the first bit was shit but the second bit was a solid 7/10
Go away Elliot, you're dead.
*sniggers*
tfw I'm considering writing an unreliable narrative satire from the pov of a Rodgers type characterr8 my idea
You put 4chan memes in your novel.That's really fucking stupid.
I agree with It sounds like it could easily be an excerpt from My Twisted World.
His manifesto has already done that
Yeah, internet and irl memes are gonna start popping up in lit more, but this is too 4chan specific.
literally no person of importance wants to read any more about men unless it's about them, as a group, dying off.
Same tbh
Yeah but if I re-write and re-package it as satire then it's commercially viable.
At the carnival I thought I'd stepped into a male model convention. Every single guy there was a normie freak with their plastic fucking whore girlfriends. It makes me fucking sick.As I began to really observe the human landscape, I felt the top of the roof come off, and killed everybody there. Then I sat and watched the stars burn out pretending that I cared.But I didn't, no one ever does.Can't you see it's all flown out of my hands? Our clothes are all too often ripped, and our teeth are all too often gnashed, and it lasts as long as it possibly can, but I just don't accept this.I killed everyone with arrowheads.
the saddest part about this, and countless similar posts, isn't the perspective or subject matter, but the clunky word choices indicating that the author has clearly never read a book before in his life?recentlyfor a whilethat whole 'pretty boy' description of courseas wellfadedpainfullywhat is the point of any of those words?and then you write in the past tensewhy the fuck would you write in the past tense?
incels- don't do this, just, don't.
describes the boys too much.only two words to describe women.You might be gay, actually.
The language clashes a bit to be honest. I should be able to put a voice to the narrator immediately, but the slang mixed in with the officious is throwing me off hard.
If I were OP I'd take that badly.
As I began to really observe the human landscape"I looked around." Every guy seemed to have walked out of a magazine photo shoot with the models from an earlier shoot. Rewrite it again by showing us, not telling us.
This, hard. I would actually appreciate it if you showed us some progress here OP, if this is forcing you to rethink anything.
I don't even know what an incel is, and I consider myself well versed in chan/internet culture.
I think it would be more interesting trying to write something as sincere as possible rather than deliberately try to make it a satire.
It predates Chan culture by a decade. It means "involuntary celibate". It is used to designate the growing underclass of celibate young men that can't find a mate. The word is not used as much nowadays although the idea is still widespread.

Today, I woke up happy. This I cannot claim for most days. Not that I am trying to paint myself as some perennially depressed character, only not a morning person, but not one of those “don’t talk to me, I am not morning person” people, who would probably stress the ‘not’ in their declaration, to the point that the stenographer - since this hypothetical quotation now was said in a courtroom - would be obligated to write the ‘not’ in italics, if stenographers use italics. The extent of my 'not-morning-person-ness" is my ritual to contemplate telling whoever I should, my boss or something, that I have diarrhea, because nobody ever questions diarrhea. I never follow through with it, though. I hate lying, even polite lying. It’s not really that I feel guilty for lying, but there’s some kind of spite in me, and I don’t know if it’s directed at a personified form of dishonesty or myself, but it prevents me from ever going through with a perfect, simple lie. Essentially all my lies come out of necessity. Of course, I determine what constitutes necessity, but typically it correlates with how imminent the possibility is that the desirable option of lying would disappear. And diarrhea would only stops being a good lie when used to often. I’m not sure why I was happy. I was as drowsy as any other day; nothing specifically made me happy. Still, I was not only not putting italics on the ‘not a morning person’, but happy to see people. Now, I like people. Even so, talking to them in the morning, when nothing has happened to either of us yet, can be dry. The first person I saw was my good friend Tommy. We were walking perpendicular paths as I saw him in the hallway. He looked straight ahead, which faced 90 degrees from me, approximately, and I looked right at him. With him walking in the direction right and me walking straight, he was slightly to the left from my left of where our imaginary paths would intersect. My guess is that he saw me. My first feeling was slight offense, which I combatted with the thought ‘he probably didn’t see me’. After this was considered and I realized the validity of that could never be verified, I sought further justification. To this I thought, “Well, though Tom didn’t see me, if he had, we’re not obligated to talk, because what is there to talk about in the morning?” And to be terribly honest about Tommy, he’s not very interesting in the field of small talk, either. Thus my slight offense was resolved, and I was even happy I didn’t talk to him because it would have probably been awkward and boring. I felt a little guilty at this thought, but since it was entirely possible he saw me and didn’t say hello and I justified that that meant the feeling was probably mutual. All is well when my faculty of rationalization is keen.
It isn't??
Of course not, Eliot Rodger never cared about the have nots, he was a spoiled rich kid.They're both pretty bad, though.
He was unlike any other actor in The Valley. Most Johns took pride in their size, endurance, body count, the amount they could cum in one shot and how many times they could do it. Their jawline, abs, the new Porsche they drove to the set, mostly superficial aspects but it was a superficial business. This isn’t to say he didn’t take pride in these things, of course he did. He had all and tenfold - but what set him apart was his ethic. The devotion and love he has for the business bled through each reel of the dirty life and times which comprised his films - and they were his films. Producers, financiers, directors, lead actresses no matter their stature took wayside to Don Johnson and all of his thirteen-inch grandeur.
UPDATEDLast August, I went to the Stanton carnival which the town begrudgingly hosts each year. Upon my arrival I momentarily thought that I must have mistakenly travelled to a male model convention. Not only did every guy there have an attractive, slim blonde girl around his arm, they also adhered to the pretty boy mould with striking uniformity. You know the types - a flat profile, attractive face with a clear and perfectly-angled jaw line, clear and tanned skin, and exclusively in their early twenties. They were all lean with a bit of muscle as well, but what millennial doesn't lift?I observed this spectacle with a feeling of disgust. I was indignant; why couldn't I be one of those guys? As my rage soared, I noticed in the distance a plethora of young incels and older men with their hag girlfriends and wives emerging, like orcs from a Tolkien novel. Even my short-sightedness could decipher their hideousness. It was at that moment that the divide between the haves and have-nots was made tumultuously apparent in my mind. Indeed, that carnival was a turning point in my life.
tumultuously apparentno
This is a vast improvement to the original, though there seem to be a few unnecessary words kicking around.Normally I'm against the castration of words for the sake of brevity, but it feels like the voice would be more cohesive if you did a little more pruning. Obviously use your own judgment, if you're trying to go for a helter-skelter thing then it's not bad.
Why is Brothers Karamazov considered so good? I read it was great like made any normal book look shit but I think it misfired in a way I cant explain. The emotions were deeply wrought but there was so much wtf.. the pin and the dog, and the girl who crushed her finger and the weird relationship with Aloyosha Also Church=Socialism is not groundbreaking. The Grand Inquisitor chapter is not the high point/summation of existentialism
fuck hope this doesen't get buried really want to have a discussion about this book
The unexplanable things were supposed to first, make that kid seem even more like a piece of shit kid so him getting rekt in debate by Alyosha is even better, and the bit with Lise was just to flesh out and deepen her character, and provide a parallel with Alyosha choosing to marry her no matter what and the very same with Dmitri and whatserface that fucked up the trial, because it can be seen that they were doing the same thing, just we as readers got different points of view, and as such when she did it it was reprehensible, but Alyosha seemed noble when he did it. Also all that other tacked on stuff, like the Grand Inquisitor, was made even better by the fact that it was just a chapter in the book, adding to its mass, themes, depth, and Ivan's character as the one who wrote it
I don't understand what the whole escape plan part meant. What's the point of adding that little section as well as Ivan's illness if it doesn't even go anywhere? Seemed either superfluous or unfinished, depending on the perspective.Ilusha's funeral and the speech at the end were awfully moving, though. That was a beautiful way to end the novel.
Kolya was fucking hilarious. That's how a precocious child is written - modern authors take note.Wasn't the pin/dog incident the reason why Kolya broke with Illyusha?I didn't get wheelchair girl either... I suppose there was some significance in her attraction to Ivan at the end of the book.
From what I gather, those lose threads at the end of the novel are a part of Dostoyevski's commitment to realism. In real life, you never know the entire story of anything.Also, remember that some people speculate The Bros. Karamazov was the first part of a trilogy, and since the author died it never came to be. Maybe thats why it feels unifinished. Cuz it is.
In any event, it is still one of the best novels I have ever read. Dostoyevsky's abilities really came together for this magnum opus sort of work. It is unlike anything he had written before
I wasn't trying to criticize the novel, by any means. I'm halfway thru it, even if the novel is already throughly spoiled for me i took a class where we discussed the book in detail, and i didnt have time to finish it there. Im enjoying it a lot, specially now that I understand much better the way Dostoyevski tells the story.
Church=SocialismYou do know that Dostoyevsky was a devout Christian right? That chapter isn't so much about the Christianity itself but the Church as an institution and the ideology adopted by its modern followers.
How much of his body of work have you read? I feel like if I had read TBK without any background I would have completely missed what FD was trying to convey.
The only other book by him I read is Notes from Underground, which I loved. I found it hilarious, but also very moving in a weird way. I think everyone who went thru the edgy teen fuckboy stage can identify and laugh at the Underground Man.
Amen, but good lord it should be a crime to make people read TBK for a class without prerequiring Crime and Punishment or any of his post-imprisonment work first.
Because The Grand Inquisitor is one of the best things ever written
The professor did give us a bunch of background history on FD, and explained how his imprisonment led to some of this ideas after the fact. As for Crime and Punishment, I haven't read it, but I would like to get thru TBK and then start with The Idiot.
I read it without any background, and loved it. Should I have done it differently?
Why a trilogy? What leads people to believe that there would have been exactly three books in the series?
Wasn't the pin/dog incident the reason why Kolya broke with Illyusha?This, and I think it was also there to make Smerdyakov more of an antagonist.
I'm only repeating what I've heard. The point is that some people speculate TBK to be leading up to a sequel. I don't remember if it was my professor who explained it to us or if I read it somewere else, but it had something to do with Alyosha falling into similar vices as Mitka and his father, but don't quote me on anything.
That's odd, I don't remember any part toward the end where Alyosha falls into any vices. Ivan does, but not Alyosha. I also don't remember Dmitri ever being referred to as Mitka, though that might be due to the translation I read.Anyway, that explanation does make a lot of sense.
I honestly preferred Demons to Brothers Karamazov. I think that the characters Shatov and Stavrogin were much better representations of the questions around the death of God. It's just a pity that Piotr Stephanovich was such a one dimensional fanatic, though, as I would have loved to find out what transformed him from idealistic revolutionary into callous murderer.
I read the most recent translation by Richard Pevear and Larissa Volokhonsky, and there they use diminutive names quite often. Dmitri is regularly called Mitenka by his father, Alyosha even gets called Alyoshcka which is so childlike that is almost insulting.I meant that Alyosha was to fall into those vices in the sequel, or at least that's what I gather.
I'm reading through Moby Dick right now and I don't know what to make of the chapters dedicated to whaling. Sure some of it is humorous but most if it isn't even scientific fact. Can someone explain to me why Melville dedicated so much room to them? Was it a convention of style? Was he 3deep5me? Because of all the complaints I hear, perhaps only those chapters haven't aged well. That being said, I'm really loving it almost done. Its actually really funny, the prose reads amazingly well, and I'm hooked on the concept of whaling.
bump for interest
Melville really liked whaling and other high seas adventure, it's in most of his books.
a lot of the description lent itself to making the whale seem mythical and larger than life. the example that comes to mind is when he's talking about how to categorize certain sea animals as whales, it ends up as ultimately an elusive pursuit, making the whale seem impossible to pin even by science
Get through it. I finished the book last week and it all comes together at the end. The whaling details are an important part of the message of the book: knowledge only does so much.
not scientific factNo shit. It was written in the late 1840's. Darwin wasn't even published yet. It was conjecture based on the conjectural observations of random people who saw whales every now and then.Honestly, it reflects the western knowledge of the natural world well for the time period: that is to say, Nature was still worthy of being capitalized. Nobody knew anything definitively. These creatures were in a world removed from rational humankind, and, as put it, knowledge of the Unknown is effectively useless in the end.
Explain the Absurd to me, /lit/
full belly of foodjust had sex with gfout by the pool looking at stuffwhy is there this table in front of meum to eat off ofwhy is there the pool floatto float around on and have fun withwhy is there the TREEuhhwhy is THERE LIFEidk omgthere's no point to anythingi'm going to end itoh waiti can make my OWN meaning!!!why is there my life?to have fun YOLO #bringthebeers:P
unusual
so there is this guy pushing a rock up to the hill
His entire argument is a truism."One must imagine Sisyphus happy" - why? At the start of the essay he himself says there's no objective meaning behind anything, so why be happy? Why not be sad instead?
As a specie we have no pointto existingSo we could kill ourselves or have a coffeeBUT!As individuals free from some bullshit like God or spooks we can make our own meaning if we fully understand that there is initially noneSo in order to be a human being with some dignity you have to rebel versus inevitable shit like death, because it's your only waySo you can shoot people and stuff if you want to but ofc it's not advisedHope it helped, I'm a uni professor
it's not advisedWhy not?
Something you laugh in the face of.
Underrated postAlso, should start with the Greeks
I seriously hope this is b8
Because shooting people is okay only if you really like it and if your meaning is shooting peopleIf something else makes you happy, you embrace the absurd by doing that thing, not shooting people
So is that why Meursault killes the arab guy?
He kills him because it's more convenient than leaving him alive.
That makes no sense to me. He didn't really have a reason to shoot him, and in the end he himself also died because of it. How was killing more convenient for him?
ever notis how lief is liekWEERD LOL xDDDDDCongratulations, you understand the 'absurd.'
he wanted to know what does it feel like to kill a man in Algier.But really, it's about a fairly misguided man who stands up for what he believes. He died because the emphasis is on the individual being oppressed.
It's absurd
Meursalt doesn't really "care" about the consequences of his actions. He doesn't even try to defend himself in court.
So I guess I shouldn't try to find an objective reason for his actions, but see it more as something that makes him feel human/alive? Or should I see it at just indifference? And I'm guessing that the four shots he fires afterwards are for the same 'reason'?
Honestly if you can't see the absurd when looking at the planet earth, the solar system, our culture and religion, the propaganda, how people feel they are important, the savage cultures, the animals and this will to live then you are hopeless
I would say that he is a victim of society. He is convicted because he doesn't follow the rules: he did not cry at his mother's funeral, he tells the truth during his court he killed the Arabian because of the warmth and he was dazzled by the sun... If you want to know more about the Absurd, I advise you to read the Introduction to the theatre of the absurd written by Martin Esslin
Or should I see it at just indifference?Mostly this. It's a repeating motiv in his actions throughout the entire story, just most transparent and obvious in that part.
the should I kill myself or have a cup of coffee quote seems to misattributed, fyitheres a whole discussion on the wikiquote page about it IIRC
But it fits this context.And even if it's missattributed, what's the reason behind it? That's right, it sounds convincing, it has an existentialist vibe to it
no it definitely works, that's why his name has stuck to it. sounds like him. was just trying to be helpful
Nihilism but with maby instead of no
i like this
Oh, I see.Well, I learned something today.
Its literally Spook yourself senseless till you become happy, whatever your situation. Not a bad move sometimes. But some might argue Sisyphus should find a way out of his station
but humans can't find a way out of their condition
I was sat at my desk one day. There was a pen on the desk. I picked the pen up a few inches off the desk, hovered my hand a few inches to the left, and then put the pen back down where it was. The sheer aimless absurdity of this action sent me spiralling into a depression that took me about 7 years to recover from.
So Absurdism is basically finding out finally that the world doesn't revolve around you and, instead of making a simple reconciliation of this discovery, you just throw the baby out with the bathwater?
no thats not what it is at all
Camus isn't that hard to read.
if it can be explained, it's not absurdif you have to ask, you'll never know
Even people who are huge fans of Nietzsche usually disregard the "what doesn't kill me makes me stronger" quote. But when you realize he actually said "destroy" not "kill," the truth of it comes out. The best way to illustrate this is by an analogy to weight lifting. Lifting a weight is never "neutral." You're either being strengthened by it, or you're ruining your muscles. Trauma always behaves like this: either you overcome it and are strengthened, or it ruins you.
o k
cuz its from life's school of war, ya pleb
All trauma ruins you, everyone who says that can get stronger by living in a fucked up place are just delusioned 16 years oldWhat makes you stronger as your action figures look is having power, and using it without regret, not having thousands of traumatic experiences and shit.
You poor sheltered little man. Hard times can galvanise your spirit, everyone knows this.
Man I can't believe people this dumb actually exist.
Stop looking at hollywood please, say that to all the soldiers having PTSD and depression long after the fighting days.Hard times is not having traumatic experiences. Hard time is the equivalent to saying "A day long ago I was bitching, and I realized that I can stop bitching"
That doesn't contradict what I said. Those people who have PTSD were destroyed by the experience of war. Those who take some meaning out of it and become 'stronger' in this sense are strengthened by it. You're arguing against something irrefutable. You'll be forever frustrated if you refuse to make concessions to reality the way you're prone to do.
here is your reply
If someone has bad enough PTSD then it has destroyed them. If it is not so bad then they can recover from it and in doing so their spirit becomes stronger. Not a hard concept.
So we agree then and your only disagreement with me was taking my use of the word 'trauma' in a too specific sense.
Hey /lit/ a week or so ago I posted a website where I'm hosting some of my short stories but the PDF links were all messed.Would anyone be interested in visiting the now hopefully functioning site and giving some feedback on how they are to read etc?I find it easier to read books / stories online which are scanned pages of real books, and so I've tried to add that affect to the stuff I've written for the sake of easier reading. Not sure if it looks retarded though.
you forgot the link again lole
Address is: feelposting.com
Basically the titles were hyperlinked in a way that redirected people to a different website that asked them to register etc before, I'm just hoping to see if this fixed now and only opens the link in another tab.
Please respond.
What 'credit' would you give Zizek as a thinker?Do you think he has any merit or is he really just some poser like Chomsky thinks?I'm definitely not one of these people who thinks he's the greatest intellectual of our times or anything like that, but I'll grant him a few points.1. He has a pretty deep understanding of repression and alienation and how liberal societies foster both.2. His ideas about intimacy have something to them... I like this idea of his that people should deal straight up with each other instead of being isolated priggish shitlords.3. He has a pretty good understanding of the meaning of Christianity, better than anyone I've ever read aside from that youtube faggot Father Barron
he's a retarded poser riding on shoulders just like chomsky thinks
tfw Dostoevsky's message is excellent, but his prose is mediocretfw Nabokov's prose is amazing, but his message is lackluster
"reading for the message" is actually as bad as people want you to believe "reading for the plot" is
Same with "reading for the prose", actually.All those are literally memes, and by literally I mean more literal than rewriting a book leter-by-leter Menard-style.
Why even read? Fuck it. Some guys on 4chan said that reading for reasons is bad. I guess I'll just gouge my eyes out. Don't want to be a Pleb!®
Same with "reading for the prose", actually.Pleb detected
ITT: plebs calling eachother plebs
If what you care about is "the message" just read a book's Wikipedia entry to see what the message isman I don't care why or how you read, but if you read every book backwards you're not going to get anything out of it, and if you read every book looking for it to impart a single, enlightening message to you, you're not either.
Message is the wrong word choice. Theme is not necessarily a message, but an idea fiction examines. Message can get you a lot of shit. Say theme instead.
This guy gets it m8s
reading for anything other than to look coolLiterally plebian
You guys are such pretentious twats. Just stop pretending like you know everything.
I want memes to leave
Nice to see you've outsourced thinking to a Safavid spindancing club. But now think about it, when you read a page of Dostoievsky, or Joyce, or Cervantes, or Bulgakov, what are you reading ? Plot ? Message ? Prose ? Characters ? Or something that only exists as a complex that includes all those things ? I could understand someone telling me he reads X for his characters rather than his landscape descriptions, actually, because there is such a thing as landscape description without characters for instance. But reading for "prose" or for "message" is retarded as those thing don't exist as such within any single sentence, and don't describe anything really. It makes slightly more sense to say you read for adverbs than you read for prose.That's not to say you can't enjoy good writing, but good writing is always good writing of something. Do you read Pascal for message or for prose ? Stupid question, you don't read Pascal. But what if you did ? You'd perhaps find that prose and message are like the outside and the inside of a glove, and when you wear a glove you wear both sides.For whatever you can find in the book ? For pleasure and intellectual simulation ? Having some postcard opinion about what is the literary object you read for is quite silly. Read, find what you like, and only after that you could say what you read for. Or not. It doesn't matter, as long as you enjoy what you read.You're not supposed to read for anything, actually despite what your teachers told you you're not even supposed to read good thing if you do though. So read. By that i mean read words, sentences, paragraphs, chapters, books. Yes, theme makes more sense than message. Subject could work, although it's slightly different. Not that it's easy to talk clearly about those things, but that's precisely why we must be wary of those /lit categories that quickly devolve into shared jokes ie memes.
Why shouldn't people feel bad for reading shit lit?
They should????
Because art is subjective.You can't say something is good or bad because its only your opinion
Lick my ass
no you
Whenever I feel sad I look at Matisse's works. Feels good man.
So you don't believe that there is a universal aesthetic ingrained in the collective human soul?
I don't really know, I don't really have any idea why someone shouldn't feel bad for doing anything.How about you tell us why people should feel bad for reading shit, then we can look over those reasons and see which ones are valid and which ones have logical counterpoints?So, why should people feel bad for reading shit?
what?
please read what hegel, heidegger and adorno in that order have to say about this.
what about kant, fichte, and schelling??
 is apparently unknowingly? familiar with kants idea of art and aesthetic. and fuck those other nerds.
Because if they are reading it they don't consider it shit, therefore no reason for them to feel bad about it.
WHAT?
I've read Hegel's interpretation of it, and the theorized end of art is generally what I'm referring to. Is Heidegger's interpretation in Being and Time? I recently bought it, and will read it as soon as I get the chance. Adorno is now on the list, thanks.Could I possibly get a brief overview of their points?And, yes, I generally agree with Kant, especially about the Beautiful and the Sublime although I do think aesthetics can go beyond just form. It might be naive and only applicable to Western culture, but I think there is a universal aesthetic.I'm sorry, I'm editing papers right now and I'm sure I'm not being clear at all.
You can only conceptualize good literature after reading bad literature.
OP is asking for proof of a negative. He must first provide reasoning for why people should feel bad for reading shit lit.
Did someone just say, 'spooks'?
Hacks
Yes because john green and Proust are equally good
Hey that's neat. What are aesthetics
It's just like my Asian woodblock pictures!
Seems like /lit/'s got a real thorn in its balls over A Song of Ice and Fire and George RR Martin as a writer. What gives?
didn't they tell you on r/books that we are super duper snobs?
Not a fan of the reddit hivemind, so fuck that noise. I'm just genuinely curious.
Because /lit/ views genre fiction, especially fantasy, as shit for plebs. Zizek's long lost twin brother just happens to be the most popular author of those things at the moment.
yes you are or you would've known that no one is really seriously talking about him these days.
Actually, I think the ratio of people who like vs people who hate ASOIAF here is maybe 1:1, but the ones who don't like it are much louder.Let's see... 
There were two threads bashing GRRM at the time I posted this.
not as big of an audience for genre stuff here, and plenty of people love to shit on it because it's easy to doplus it's popularplus people from /tv/ and elsewhere come here to make threads about it all the timeplus plenty of examples of poor prose and dialogue, it seems to work much better on the screen
No one on /lit/or no one IRL? Because if the latter then hordes of fuckers are talking about GOT out there.
Before the TV show threads here about ASOIAF were pretty ambivalent, the only serious trolling was someone posting R+L=J, but all this hate really comes from the secondaries that the TV show has brought with it who think it's hilarious to troll this place with "The more she drank; the more she shat,etc.". Essentially it is the TV show's fault.
Hmm...
8 votes total
/lit/ is full of failed writers and unemployed phylosophy grads.They are mad that GRRM wrote shit that actually gets published.
The guy can't write for shit but the world of his books is pretty interesting and fun to read about on its own.
I don´t think he is a bad writer, but I read the first book and simply didn´t care for the plot. The prose it´s good considering it´s mainstream literature, though I prefer to use my time catching up to classics I havent read.
I'm getting lit ja vu. You've said that before.
I like ASOIAF, and I would like its author if he wasn't a supreme douchelord with a shitty work ethic that just screams he's a hippie with a sense of entitlement.
not a fan of the reddit hivemindfuck that noisePlz go back Loads of people talk about fifty shades. Irrelevant.
We all got emotionally invested in his work and he's too old and fat to write moar books.
this author doesn't voluntarily write as much as I want him towhat an entitled cuntWow. I'm speechless.
Not a fan of the reddit hivemind, so fuck that noise.Well you're gonna LOVE this one
it seems to work much better on the screenNo no no no no
fantasy writerhighly derivative fantasy writer
highly derivative
What's the comfiest literature?
Earthsea, Love in the Time of Cholera.I think Pynchon's last two books were really comfy
hard boiled detective literature
Bump.
Define "comfy"?
Borges' short stories
Define "define"
com·fyˈkəmfē/adjectiveinformaladjective: comfy; comparative adjective: comfier; superlative adjective: comfiest comfortable.
The Garden of Forking Paths was comfy as fuarck
You ever been to a German restaurant? You know what Gemütlichkeit means?That's what I mean by comfy.
Billy Collins' poetry
The stormlight archives
To me, literature set in contemporary reality, following characters going about their day to day often mundane lifves are most comfy to me. For this reason I find murakami novels to be very very comf.
Lovecraft is pretty comfy and lends itself well to audiobook.Also, Ray Bradbury's Martian Chronicles for in bed reading.
Who are the Wes Andersons of literature? Also, The Sun Also Rises has the comfiest scenes I have ever read. Fishing in the Spanish countryside is GOAT
Things that induce a feeling of comfort. So in literature that probably translates as writing that doesn't have a sense of urgency but rather focuses on low-key events and a good amount of introspection that produces feelings like nostalgia which creates a comfy mood while reading.But yeah, comfy can be pretty much anything, no strict definition when it comes to media that produces the feeling, just anything makes you relaxed or makes you feel intense emotion that gives some catharsis.
It's obviously pessimistic, but I find Thomas Hardy's work very comfy. Something about the slow, simple life of rural West Country folk.
Kerouac
but it's fucking miserable, holy shit. you find non-stop misery comfy?
I know it's not as great as it's made out to be, but the Catcher in the Rye is comfy as fuck. The plot just lightly floats along and Holden comments on anything. It's a really relaxing read.Except for that creepy teacher scene.
the old man and the sea is comfy as fuck
Depressing works can be comfy.
Pulp Fantasy.You know it's true.
Whiny, angsty teens are not comfy.
Mr. Antolini wasn't creepy, he was just drunk and cared about Holden. Of course, Holden thought he had ulterior motives, because he's useless and unstable.
He raped his sister, Pheobe.
They are if you're not a shallow, complacent adult who thinks they have everything figured out.
Everybody and their grandmother insists on this but I don't buy it.
No, I'm just tired of reading about a frighteningly similar degree of pretentiousness that I had in high school. Holden was the phony the entire time; he never did anything worth anyone's time and ultimately saw himself as some sort of higher person who had it figured out, but he was so deluded with his own self-centered attitude that he couldn't understand why people did what the did and instead elected to reflect his flaws onto them
Any Murakami novel.Surreal and nostalgic, yet comforting.
Congratulations on understanding the book on its most basic level beside the actual written plot..?The catcher in the rye is comfy because reading it elicits the same feeling as sitting in a café with a friend and talking about the strangers in the street. Holden observes the city and its people while spouting his opinion. He's a flawed teenager, with flawed teeanger ideas. But that is exactly what makes the story charming in the first place.
Reading Undeworld right now, DeLillo.Comfy enough to relax, interesting enough to keep you awake while your mom checks in on you to see how your job searching is going, and a reminder that she's getting your ice-cream cake for your 27th birthday.ICE-CREAM CAKE!
lmao.
AyyyAlso, Anything Greek history.
Post more bro
Divine Comedy
I read The Talented Mr. Ripley in a day wrapped up in an epic blanket on the couch with coffee and ice cream all day. Not the most thought-provoking novel, but it was quite comfy
The Sound of the Mountain by Kawabata. So, so peaceful.
I can't. This is a work safe board, and all those pictures of your mother choking on my dick could be construed as lewd.
the comfiest poetry I've read is Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Tales of a Wayside Inn is great for that
you must be confused, I may have called you bro but you aint my actual bro
those creek chilled bottles of winethat troutbill "banter" gorton the stuffed dog memester for company10/10
De uitvreterTitaantjesDichtertje all by NescioSuttree and The Border Trilogy- McCarthy
war and peace is pretty comfy
Reading comprehension, mate. Go back and note all the special attention Holden gives to Phoebe--in recounting her affection for him, in describing her body, in putting her insight on a pedestal--and then examine their capstone scene the bedroom scene in light of the book's constant implications of sexual abuse. We see it with Jane on the porch though she denies it, we see it with Holden and the teacher "that stuff's happened to me about twenty times", and some argue we see it with Holden and his parents at the beginning. The defining aspect of Holden's sexual behavior is that he actually heeds the 'No!'s and general reluctancy that he encounters in women. Phoebe is the subversion of what prevents him from getting sexual pleasure out of any other person: by pure virtue of being born as his sister, she loves him unconditionally, no matter how he fucks up or what fucked up things he does. In the end, she merely asks him, "Oh... why did you do it?"With all the detailed descriptions of holding her while "dancing", her ability to stay in position, her spreading out, sleeping with her, and grabbing her ass, it is hard to ignore an erotic subtext between them if not outright 'rape', which is a comprehensive term in itself.
East of Meme'en
Kerouac's Dharma Bumscampinghiking drinking tea and wine with the lads in cosy cabins by the fireliving a simple, modest life where everything you own fits in your backpackbeing m8s with dogs and cats meditating innawoodsgentle idealismyouthful naivety and enthusiasm cheeky orgy once in a while
William Trevor's books are extremely comfy up until the inevitable point when somebody fucks up. Sometimes they get comfy again in the end, though.Also, has anyone here read an Orwell essay called "Boy's Weeklies"? He talks about a particular kind of school-life short stories set in the 1900s which sound like the utmost definition of comfy: playing some sports, chilling between classes, banter with friends, no aging, tea by the fireplace, no parents, etc.
Booms
It depends on the ambiance, does it not? I have found John Muir, Emerson, and Thoreau comfiest when I'm on a hammock underneath pine trees, occasionally glancing up after each chapter too watch the sun beams filter in through the branches. It's the ambiance imo.
A bunch of Victorian and Edwardian literature mostly. ACD, Dickens, etc etc etcI haven't read the essay but I have read a fair amount of those stories. They are incredibly comfy but the majority are pretty bad and stodgy. The only ones that I would recommend without reservations are Wodehouse's which are extremely good, Wodehouse being Wodehouse. And Kipling's one is very good. There's other good ones but those are the top.
Dude. You're so gay.
I know, I am. What's your excuse?

heyyy
What's the comfiest historical topic?Habsburg relations and court life?
The emasculation of men as a side effect of smarter males being push-overs in the hopes of sleeping with females normally out of their leagues leading to a society of cucks and the civil rights movement.

rereading a short story collection you like.rereading in general is comfy as fuck.
Is it still comfy if you're rereading Finnegans Wake?
in my opinion nabokov, calvino, borges, kafkadreamy intellectual parables, basically
Japanese shipping manifests are all I read these days
smarter malesNo, just the weak ones. Plenty of smart guys getting their alpha on out there.
KafkaI love Kafka, but no. For me it's more of a constant unease.
Absolutely this
I find a lot of that Japanese sort of melancholy I think there is a word for it to be really comfy. Like Kokoro or 5 Centimeters Per Second.
Mono no aware?
Robert "Snuggles" Walser
Yeah, that was it. I'm not that familiar with the term and all of it's meanings, but that general sort of subdued sadness is super comfy.
this was clever
Judging Holden while simultaneously admitting you were the same as a teenagerprotip: all teenagers are like that. Most people don't have such a hard time realising this.
The novels of danish author Helle Helle are comfy as hell. The prose is just so relaxing.
Suttree and The Border Trilogy- McCarthyI wanna read The Border Trilogy so bad, but l only know basic Spanish. Damm it.
Farewell to Arms has some pretty comfy scenes too, especially when Henry and Catherine find themselves in the Swiss Alps, with snow all around. They temporarily achieve a life of both purity and safety and it's romantic as hell.
Japanese light novels.
Chekhov
Dickens
an abolition of the capitalist mode of production, informed by theologyDid he miss the part about religion being the opiate of the masses?
*opium
These people pick and choose.East Germany and the People's Republic had nationalist agendas which is not at all "Marxist".
Does this guy actually advocate Christian theology as the sole 'solution' to global capitalism? Doesn't he realise two thirds of the planet are not Christian?
Wer hat dich denn gefragt, Nutte?
No, he just thinks opium is pretty neat.
Alternatively noone could ever reply to threads.
Christianity is doing pretty well in terms of growth, though. Especially in Africa and Asia.
Milbank considers the *academic* grounds and justification of capitalism to be built on a branching out of theology,and he considers addressing this at the source, rather than trying to branch socialism out of capitalism, to be more doable.
Alternativ hätte dein Vater seinen Schwanz einfach nicht in eine Untermenschenvotze halten müssen. Dann würden uns deine Drecksposts erspart bleiben.
And this includes the very economics of capitalism, which Milbank understands as a cancerous growth on theology.
lol
Milbank can't see except through his dogmatic lense
Kek is he one of those 'theology is a science' clowns?
No, I think Gene Wolfe is the only one of those.Milbank sees the secular ontology which informs social science as a sort of theology, so where he's coming from is that he wants an alternative theology to inform social science.
What is Murakami's worst book?
Alle.
this is his moby dickit's the one he's going to be remembered forhis one-way ticket into the canon
Why do you say that? I tried reading it and I couldn't get into it, unlike some of his other books.I thought Kafka on the Shore and Wind-Up Bird were both better
It's a toss up between OP and pic related for me.They're both bad for the same reasons though. Each is like a caricature of the magical realism he executed decently in Wind Up Bird. And both have really shitty female characters because he can't write women worth a damn unless they're manic pixie dream girls like in Norwegian Wood.
Those two would have to be the worst. After Dark was better, though, because it was shorter. In 1Q84 you could see how desperately he was padding the word count toward the end. It was sad. It seemed like he said everything at least three different times. "Aomame looked at the snow falling. She watched it as it blew in the wind. Her eyes followed the flakes as they floated around. It was common for it to snow around this time of year." ...or... "Tengo sipped on his cup of black coffee. He brought the cup to his lips and took a sip. It was just the right temperature and had a pleasant taste. He often drank coffee around this time of day." Just pointless repetitions, padding the space, describing shit without really adding any new information, nothing of relevance at least.
Colorless Tsukuru. Fucking awful.
Could this be an issue with the translation? I hear the weeb language is pretty nuanced and often symbolic. I dunno. I just watch Ghost In The Shell and Miyazaki toons.
All of them.
Yeeeeeeppppp
liked after dark a lot. not his best but nowhere near his worst imo. his nonfiction book about running was the worst.
I just read his running memoir and thought it was OK.1q84 is inexcusably bad. If the useless third section hadn't been added it would have been maybe tolerable.
Do you run, out of interest? I do a fair amount of running and I thought it was okay fora non-fiction.
no. unfortunately not. maybe that's why. it's not that even disliked the book. but it's def. my least favorite.1q84 is inexcusably badlook. it's nowhere near the best murakami. but it's tons better than other contemporary hit sellers. you just need perspective.
All this nip's shit is awful.
b8
Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the WorldStill a decent enough book, just had a section of about 30 pages talking about thought patterns or some shit that really spoiled the story. Rest of the book was okay but not on par with some of his other work.
I read his non-fictional complication of interviews he had with survivors of the '98? gassing of the subway in Tokyo called UndergroundNobody ever talks about it, it was a bit dry in the middle but still I like it
wasnt moby dick hated when it was first published? so yeah maybe.
ushikawa chaptersman I'm so ugly but smartfuck im uglylol ugly but at least im smartfat and ugly
kafka on the shore
I've never seen a post on /lit/ I agree with more. 3 you anon.
fucking obviously its better than something like james patterson, that's no measure of anything when this is a literature board and we rate things as if they are literature and not mass consumption shlock.
Kafa in the shore.I just read that, tokio blues, and the end of the world. And until now I can say that Kafka in the shore it´s worst from those 3.
Kafka in the shore*, sorry.
implying he can write male charactersevery protagonist: average build, likes to read, likes to listen to music, somewhat shy and withdrawn, to some degree a hopeless romantic
the judo lad main from 1Q84 is a big guy.
On the flip side, we're all in agreement that his secret-best book is Pinball, 1973, right?
for you
Dance, Dance, Dance motherfucker.
Is cyberpunk a dead genre? Last decent books were Starfish and Windup Girl, both biopunk.
I bet that some anthologies about journalism in Eastern Asia could be equivalent to cyberpunk.
it was DOA on arrival TBH be honest. It still pops out a good novel every now and then that is just different enough. But the entire project is so driven by style and feeling its a big invitation to derivation. Most writers can't make it feel cool or interesting enough and even when they can they only have a couple at most in them.
that is a pretty choice book cover
not really, technothriller isn't cyberpunk
Most of Gibson's second prints have top notch covers is spot on. It's a genre better-off left to other mediums namely video games but has yet to be realized thanks to the already played out aesthetic. There are so many subcultures; greenpunk; gutterpunk; neopunk, all of which could or do have cyberpunk elements mixed in with them.Cyberpunk as we know it is dead. We might see a revival of a similar style two decades from now and think to ourselves 'Hey, that disassociative reality put in contrast to a high-tech alt.world reminds me of cyberpunk" but the end product will be so distant from the initial works that your kid will look at weird and snicker at you for talking inside of a packed movie theater.
it was DOA on arrival
biopunkHoly shit was Windup Girl bad. I wish these steampunk libby fedoracore shits would stop making up genres. Science fiction works just fine.dieselpunkatompunkdecopunkfuck all this shit.
What does biopunk even means?
This is how far we have come.From Wiki:Biopunk science fiction is a subgenre of cyberpunk fiction that focuses on the near-future unintended consequences of the biotechnology revolution following the discovery of recombinant DNA. Biopunk stories explore the struggles of individuals or groups, often the product of human experimentation, against a backdrop of totalitarian governments and megacorporations which misuse biotechnologies as means of social control and profiteering. Unlike cyberpunk, it builds not on information technology, but on synthetic biology. Like in postcyberpunk fiction, individuals are usually modified and enhanced not with cyberware, but by genetic manipulation. A common feature of biopunk fiction is the "black clinic", which is a laboratory, clinic, or hospital that performs illegal, unregulated, or ethically-dubious biological modification and genetic engineering procedures. Many features of biopunk fiction have their roots in William Gibson's Neuromancer, one of the first cyberpunk novels.
This reminds me, is seapunk still a thing?
We are starting living a shitty version of cyberpunk.
google image searching "seapunk" was the best thing to happen to me this week.
tbh be honest

Origins of Seapunk started out as a trend and meme on the website Tumblr and was later described as a microtrend in fashion and music. The term "seapunk" was coined by DJ @lilinternet in 2011 who wrote the first reference on Twitter.In 2011, an article by Cluster Mag reported about the emergence of seapunk.[4] Seapunk was described as "a mostly internet-based phenomenon, birthed out of the tumblr and twitter universes as a means to describe a lifestyle aesthetic that is all things oceanic and of the sea.
still better than the witch house shit.
who is this fluid druid?
I stopped reading at DOA on arrival to post that image
I think it can be revived in two ways: One, either take the old cyberpunk of Gibson and Blade Runner, et al, and do it good with a bit of tweaking to make it interesting againor make a new generation of "cyberpunk". Whether or not this will truly be cyberpunk, who knows, but take the general idea and apply it to today's technology. Forward-looking, cynical, grungy, but with quantum computers and smartwatches and VR and whatever. I'm actually trying this now in a short story I'm outlining.I was going to make it more general sci-fi with cyberpunkish stuff, then I decided to place it either in the near future or in an alternate 80s type future where tech has progressed faster. Obviously I have the benefit of actually being in the future compared to the 80s, so instead of Gibson's decks and other fun stuff that never actually came to fruition, I can work in the shitty, cyberpunk version of an iPhone or something. Just ideas right now, but the whole aesthetic and atmosphere is still there, waiting for someone to play with it and do something with it.
living a shitty version of cyberpunkHe's right.
Then why hasn't anyone portrayed the near future of our world as a cool version of cyberpunk? Can't be that hard.There seems to be some kind of vibe that writing about future is passe and nostalgia is the newish craze, but surely you can have both when writing cyberpunk.
punk is lame by definitioncyberpunk means "high technology, low life"we are certainly headed that way
I mean cool by our, the reader's, standards. Maybe I'm a faggot but Neuromancer and Blade Runner are just really fucking cool, even if I'd never actually want to live in a world like that. At least not entirely.You're right though. Technology has never been higher and life sure as shit isn't keeping up with it.
Well the worlds in BR and Neuro are both negative
That sounds like a cross between YA and fedorapunk.
Neuromancer and Blade Runner are just really fucking cool, even if I'd never actually want to live in a world like thatI've got some bad news, OP...
she cute

sounds closer to dune than neuromancerbacigalupi is the anti GMO writer and antiintellectual.
DOA on arrivalTBH be honestare you even drunk yet?
I'm working on it as we speak. I conceptualized a nice three story arc late last year. A lot of P vs NP math tho
Cyberpunk wasn't a genre, it was a movement. Yes, it is dead. We cipherpunk now. All up in your systems, fucking with your paradigm. Seriously, cipher/cypherpunk is a tiny tiny movement but their actions have significant repercussions. Facebook is allegedly instituting the option to put encryption on all messages you send - who do you think made that happen? The cipherpunks. PGP4lyf
Not that anon but I thought it was a RIP in peace joke
Yo! who here goes by gas kun? I got to ask ya somthing.
he has a thread already, nignog
A spinoff of cyberpunk focusing on bio "hacking", or genetically modifying organisms.
Thankyou.
Read this. It's revisionist cyberpunk based on the tech of now.
YW
thx b-boy
The problem is not so much the prefixes as the suffix: Punk is dead, it's been dead a long time. Contemporary punk is anachronistic. It's like saying you're a member of the whig party. It has no relevance to our current culture. Punk itself is now just a product and a role in the culture that the culture itself offers you. It's so clearly a pose it's ridiculous. A lot of those prefixes, with it, are stylistic poses, so you just end up with these baroque structures of unusually conjoined aesthetics instead of any sort of structures forward thinking about things like the great sci-fi is.
How is the Windup Girl? I've never read YA before. I hate teenagers and kids.
I'm going to read it right after I finish Pattern Recognition. tfw just moved to a quiet suburbgrowing my hairsaving my money building a PCreading many pirated cyberpunk novels on my ereaderFeels comfy.
It's currently dead mostly because modern sci-fi has been corrupted and ruined because authors need to pander to the bazinga nerd movement rather than actually use sci-fi as a background with which to create a work of actual merit. See Ready Player One and the Martian for examples of shitty modern day sci-fi "classics". What is perplexing is that the philosophical issues raised through cyberpunk are of ever increasing relevance transhumanism, machines taking over the work of humans, human augmentation, philosophical quantities associated with digital socializing and virtual realities, the increasing gap between rich and poor despite increasing technology. I think we could have a cyberpunk revival of sorts, but even if it happens it will be these garbage novels made for Big Bang Theory fans who think Neil Degrasse Tyson and Bill Nye the Science Guy are great minds.
What is the "bazinga nerd movement"?
Obviously I have the benefit of actually being in the future compared to the 80s, so instead of Gibson's decks and other fun stuff that never actually came to fruition, I can work in the shitty, cyberpunk version of an iPhone or something.i am in the futureThat was what the people in the 40s/50s/80s/ 90s belive too, and if yours will read dated in 30 years too.
think tumblr, an lel actual appropiation of culture that dont belong to them.
Wait is this YA?
It's definitely not YA
tfw I'm also reading Pattern Recognition right nowtoo poor to move to a suburbhair looks like shitno money to savealready built a PC that needs to be upgradedalways reading pirated books and now my eyesight is getting destroyedI wish I was comfy right now.
What do you mean, "dated"?Is all sci-fi dated if the future it presents never comes to pass? Because that would be most, if not all, sci-fi. It's not dated, it's fun, even if it is obviously the product of a different time period.My bad. My qt booktuber Regan reviewed it I think and so I assumed it was YA.
I entered this thread to say this. Also Neuromancer is shit.
The Diamond Age was GOAT
Any good book centered on Tokyo? Cyberpunk is prefferable, but anything is better than nothing.
Norwegian Wood
Tokyo Soup is kind of good, a bit edgy teenager-ish maybe but cool. You should also look into manga I guess...? Ghost in the Shell and Akira I've heard are great, never read them though. Also, go watch japanese cyberpunk movies. Tetsuo, for starters.
Will it give me a boner?
Not really. Maybe that one scene but even then, not really.
Maybe if you rub it on the front of your pants.
That sucks.
Unless you get a hardon for overrated trash, then no.
Elaborate?
No
there a couple of boner-potential scenes.all of these are in part one.i can spot at least three
it did me
If you get hard while reading Lolita, I've got some bad news for you. And if you don't get hard, I've got even worse news
I popped multiple boners while reading it.
It is assumed that it takes 15 years to have a functionning brain, ofc this is statistics.there are girls who are 12 years old and well-developped, just like an adualt woman, far more wise than adults, of both sex. some take longer. Why is it wrong for an adult to get with a teen, but not two teens getting together ? But our society tend to protect the teens, so we are left with 18 year-old unable to reflect on their lifes. This is what is wrong, that we do not develop their consents while they get closer and closer to total liberty with fewer and fewer responsibilities
there's nothing wrong with shagging 12-year old girls...
reminder that girls love sex
Sex is only sex, stop sacralizing this activity
No. Instead browsing /lit/ could.Source: Years of personal experience
yeah, just not with me
9/10nice pic's choice
gave me many raging hard onsat the first hotel scene, i had to furiously masturbateso yeah, for most people it should, which was probably the intention of the author
Now this is truly poignantstill don't get how that would serve as the initial inspiration
Yeah, I agree with this. When /lit/ gets gay and starts talking about boipussi, it gets to me
He's making shit up for effectIt's Nabokov
wait what's the worse news
You're gay, son.
not boipvssinot starting with the greeks
Maybe when he first touches her thighs, you might.
Lolita is flashy try hard shit that retards take seriously in terms of prose style. Nabakov was a tasteless talentless hack obsessed over only because of controversy.You know, like Miley Cyrus or those really shitty metal bands who pretend to worship Satan, or Burroughs, or some other retarded shit like Marilyn Manson. They only have attention because some mad mother found it offensive and it's something to talk about. People will praise the first paragraph or chapter or whatever as being the greatest english prose ever. But these are the same people who don't see Moby Dick for what it is, which is Melville's somewhat subtle attempt at homosexual erotica . In fact, the few people who /lit/ actually somewhat agrees upon as good authors are Pynchon even though he only has three good books worth noting, Joyce Ulysses is 90% overhyped edgy trash, Portrait and Dubliners being his best works, and Finnegans Wake is absolute pretentious shit he wrote just because he knew people would freak over it without knowing a single fucking thing about it, kind of like how people think Rothko and Pollack and Picasso were artists of 'meaning', Bolano. Let me put this to you clearly - roughly 90% of /lit/ thinks Cormac publish so many maybe something has to be worth while McCunty is a good writer and that Blood Meridian is some epic work to be remembered when all it really as was a dreary, boring, edgy story full of gore which he somehow made to be absolutely boring and uninteresting. And there is a passage detailing a guy hitting babies against a tree or something and having their brains fly out of their soft spot, and because nothing has happened at all you're not even impressed, you're just depressed because you know the climax of the novels intensity as intense as an elderly man trying to remember how to crack an egg has reached its peak.Skip it, be happy. Lolita is trash. Oh and another thing, /lit/ trusts Harold the sweaty fat cunt Bloom as a proper source of review and criticism.
muh edgybut saved pasta, thanks
you just said all that and didn't legitimately say anything real about the prose or what's wrong with himjust a bunch of faggy assumption
added to my pasta file/10Piero?
No he wrote it because his Uncle hurt his feelings and his boipussy.
Anyone else here read the book about that suggested that the couch scene should be cut out of all editions of Lolita because if it gives you a boner you're going to molest your kids?
What's your favorite book, little guy? :^
If you think Lolita was about pedophilia rather than it being an insignificant detail/tool of expression, you're a simple minded pleb with poor reading comprehension and no ability to detect meaning, also you haven't read any Nabokov and should've started with something more literal. To be fair most of /lit/ is just as mentally challenged and still likes their poor understanding of the book for some obscure reason.
in terms of prose styleimplying Nabokov doesn't have some of the best English prose, despite not being a native speaker someone using Miley Cyrus and "really shitty metal bands" as similes calling the master of aesthetics tasteless and discussing the quality of proseimplying there's anything controversial You're out of your depth. I'm sorry your high school reading assignment upset you so, paddle back to young adult literature please.
ranting avor some strawman, without even saying why.how miserable is your life ?
Go read some books instead of posturing on a Danish kettle cooking forum and please do yourself a favour and don't talk about an author from whom you've only read one medicore to their own standard book as if you're familiar with their works, you're only making a fool of yourself.
types a wall of text without a single idea or argument expressedliterally just muh snowflake feelings and opinions expressed in a vulgar and tasteless mannercomplains about lack of content and ranting in replieswhat is self awareness
You know, like Miley Cyrus or those really shitty metal bandsYou're not even trying
What's the matter, Anon, you haven't seem them, those shitty metal bands they have now...
No, you might cry though.Sex is sacred though
No.
It wasn't anything special. I fapped better to Don Imus' "God's Other Son". That scene where the preacher's aunt molests his teen year old self was... yeah.
But these are the same people who don't see Moby Dick for what it is, which is Melville's somewhat subtle attempt at homosexual erotica .
If I read this in public will people judge me?
probably given that there's a good chance you get off to rapethe only people who even like p-i-v are male so....i think that's up for debate.
mfw i recognize this cock sock
the only people who even like p-i-v are maleVirgins believe this.
Humbert is very much a caged animal.
lol nookay maybe i should have said "inherently like" b/c that's different from "conditioned to like". p-i-v has a potential risk of death in almost every case.
Just asking to make sure what you mean by p i v
.................................is there any other definition aside from "penis in vagina"???
PIV can't cause death.
Has anyone read this? What did you think?
DeLillo's second best after Underworld. Get to it right away.
taking part in literary vandalism
DeLillo's second worst after Mao II. Stick to White Noise, Underworld, Americana, The Body Artist, and Cosmopolis.
I actually strangely have not yet, I have: The Names, White Noise, Underword, Players, Gret Jones Street, Mao II and Cosmopolis and enjoyed them all. I'm waiting for Libra to get in the mail
i read it years ago and remember really enjoying it, but i can't remember too much nowwhite noise suffers from its own influence and seems stale in the aftermath of how much it influenced and percolated through the culturethe first section of underworld is the best thing he ever wrote, but it loses focus after that
It's the real great american novel, insofar as you want to take that phrase seriously. I've read Ratner's Star, White Noise, Mao II, Underworld, and The Body Artist. Libra is one of the best, alongside Mao II and Underworld.
How's Ratner's Star? I've always been interested in that one but never gotten a chance to get my hands on it
I just finished The Angel Esmeralda which is a short story collection by Delillo. Where should I go from here? I really enjoyed it.
no idea, I've only read that one story about the runner in the park. Have you read any novel by him? If not check out White Noise or Players
The short stories were the first works of him that I read. I felt the runner was one of the weakest ones. I'll look into White Noise then.
by the way, the character Esmeralda plays a somewhat important role in the novel Underworld so you might wanna check that out someday too
Will do that then.My favorite was Human moments in world war III available here: especially the ending passage which describes what an astronaut feels looking back on earth from space.
FUCK WHITE NOISEseriouslylook elsewheremaybe mao II or libra or the names or americana or ratner's star or great jones street or or underworld
why didn't you like White Noise anon?it's not the most easy read but it's rewarding nonetheless
i actually did like it, but it's weaker delillo, fairly uncharacteristic of his works at large and madly overratedi just don't think it's a good "entry" to delillo like so many people describe it. i think it leads too many people to not picking up a delillo book again
fair enough, I actually think it requires repeated readings and also I think the most good entry into Delillo is Players
haven't read players myselfwill get around to it eventually i suppose
Yupp this. End Zone is then the 3rd best DeLillo if anyone is interested in digging deeper into one of the best writers of the last 50 years
I agree, I think White Noise got popularized over his other books because it is the most explicitly 'postmodern' with it's commentary on technology and modern alienation from medication and hedonistic outlets. It is however not his best by any stretch
Mao IIbad*glances at my katana*
anyone read The Names? the premise and setting interests me.
It's a good book, but also a very uneven book. If the premise caught your interest I'd say go for it, it's not at all a long or difficult read, but there's about as much weak writing as there is good. Pretty much everything to do with the main character's family feels unnecessary, but the rest of its disparate elements mesh surprisingly well, language, cult, murder, politics, nationalism, history, and art.It also has my favorite single Don DeLillo character, Frank Volterra, though he himself doesn't always feel like he belongs in the book. A sort of Travis Bickle of the arts, he's a walking caricature of the hopeless romantic artist, but at the same time the way he's written you can't help but love him despite how unreal he may seem.I'd recommend it, but it's not perfect.
Libra is extremely good shit. DeLillo's Lee Harvey Oswald is one of the most interesting characters in 20th century literature.I love White Noise but Libra is more representative of most of DeLillo's writing. I still rec people White Noise because I think it's the easiest one to get into and the funniest but Libra is good entry-level DeLillo for different people.
DeLillo's Lee Harvey Oswald is one of the most interesting characters in 20th century literature.Lord. You guys know such over-the-top glowing praise for everything you encounter renders all of it meaningless, right?
Read Mao II & Libra & enjoyed them both. I may give White Noise a go too now as it seems to be getting the raging fedora-tip in this bread.Mao II does appear to have anticipated the rise of terrorism in the popular imagination.
That's a really elaborate way to say, "I disagree."
Mao II does appear to have anticipated the rise of terrorism in the popular imagination.because delillo is responsible for the rise of terrorism in the popular imagination
Delinception!!
Why all the hate for White Noise?? Because it's enviable, thematically and structurally? DeLillo is almost the opposite of the kind of fiction i enjoy but I still love White Noise. His third person is stronger than his first, but i still think White Noise is brilliant
