Recommended literature:for recommendations only once you have browsed the wiki.Looking for books?
, 
reading Plato form the first timeDUDE THE CONCEPT OF JUSTICE IS LITERALLY FLOATING AROUND IN SOME TRANSCENDENTAL REALM LMAO I SWEARThe theory of forms doesn't even explain anything about entities we can perceive.Why hasn't this fraud been cleansed from the philosophical canon?
then what is justice?
Someone had to SAY it before someone could tell them it was bullshit, dude.You think Ug would have come up with a negative response signal if Krum hadn't kept springing the trap early?
I'd say this is bait but I don't even think it's baitIm pretty sure this person has an egregious misreading of Plato and is coming here to try to clear it up under the pretense of dumb criticism, which is pretty sharpAnyway OP, you're misunderstanding the nature of abstract objects
please troll please troll please troll
Ok, enlighten us instead of shitposting.
complains about formsis reading the Plato formkek, nice one plebster
That trascendental realm is called a lot of times in all philosophies.It's the logos for someThe super egoThe wordThe cultureThe world a la HeideggerThe societyThe wholeThe ideology realmThe social uncounsciousetc
Why should you be spoonfed and rewarded for your shitpost?stop posting on /lit/
The transcendental signifier?
The mind of God.
This is a gross misunderstanding of the theory of ideasyou need to learn what conceptual abstraction is
Allen Ginsberg was a NAMBLA member how does this make you feel?
well obviously Lolita had something to do with thisalso there's nothing wrong with pedophilia
Allen Ginsberg was a god damn G.He didn't know what he was getting into.Also Lolita is pure hype and the people who talk about it haven't read it.
He also had communist sympathies. Thankfully he was an alright poet, or he's just be a massive prick.
how does this make you feelFeels good.

indifferent, most good modern artists have deep personal flawsI'm sure he wouldn't give a fuck what we think either

National Association of Men Beat Little Ascots ?This perverted piece of shit hack 'poet' along with the rest of the beatdicks ruined American lit
most good modern artistsOkay, but none of that describes Kikeburg.
didn't realize grandpas posted on /lit/
Judging by average ages they should also statistically be in their early 20's.The only way to be a grandfather in your 20's involves impregnating children.This is not a shitpost as it is entirely on-topic.
not really. NAMBLA is concerned exclusively with sex with boys, so pregnancy is outside the scope of the discussion
That's discriminatory.Girls can be boys too, you fascist.
damn, I wonder if anyone has petitioned NAMBLA to change "Boys" to "Penis-owners" in its name, those bio-essentialist shitlords
Does having one in a jar count?Nampola sounds more like a word than an acronym.
He doesn't look much like Marlon Brando.
Simone de Beauvoir founded and led the French equivalent of NAMBLA. How does this make you feel?
he didn't write lolita. am i being trolled?
It doesn't, as I have never read anything by her in my life, however, as a personal courtesy to you, I will forward this information to my former phil 101 teacher, who bums off her, then I will come back and tell you how it made him feel.
Wait, a commie jew was also a pedo? I am shocked, absolutely SHOCKED! 
interesting Ginsberg essay regarding this
/pol/ plsGet back in your hole with the other malformed cretins.

Yes, I have a cancerous growth on my cock that's gained sapience, and it has more motivation and literary talent than I ever could have.Plus it is killing me, but that's a secondary concern.Thanks for asking.
If I remember correctly wasn't there some peado stuff in 'On the road' and I think it was either Burroughs's Queer or Junkie as well?
I don't give a fuck.
He started with the Greeks.
It was only implied in On The Road. Dean was always looking at little girls, but Kerouac never really elaborates in what way
It turns me on. Boys are hot.Socrates loved boys. Plato loved boys. Aristotle loved boys. Sappho loved girls. Shakespeare loved boys. Michelangelo loved boys. Abu Nuwas loved boys. Christopher Marlowe loved boys. Oscar Wilde loved boys. Walt Whitman loved boys. Friedrich Nietzsche loved boys. Andre Gide loved boys. Roland Barthes loved boys. Michel Foucault loved boys and gave them AIDS. Jean Genet loved boys. Simone De Beauvoir loved girls. Jean-Paul Sartre loved girls. Peter Lamborn Wilson/hakim bey loves boys."These days, especially in America, boy-love is not only scandalous and criminal, but somehow in bad taste. On the evening news, one sees handcuffed teachers, priests and Boy Scout leaders hustled into police vans. Therapists call them maladjusted, emotionally immature. But beauty has its own laws, inconsistent with Christian morality. As a woman, I feel free to protest that men today are pilloried for something that was rational and honorable in Greece at the height of its civilization."~ Camille Paglia
Relevant:
Shakespeare loved boys. Michelangelo loved boys.Friedrich Nietzsche loved boys.sauces pls.
Shakespeare wrote sonnets for an eleven year old boy. Look it up.Michelangelo's sculptures and art speak for themselves. He was known during his time to have been a pederast. He had multiple sexual relationships with young boys.Nietzsche's male students went on later in their lives to accuse Nietzsche of pederasty. Nietzsche was almost certainly gay.
O thou, my lovely boy, who in thy powerDost hold Time's fickle glass, his sickle, hour;Who hast by waning grown, and therein show'stThy lovers withering as thy sweet self grow'st;If Nature, sovereign mistress over wrack,As thou goest onwards, still will pluck thee back,She keeps thee to this purpose, that her skillMay time disgrace and wretched minutes kill.Yet fear her, O thou minion of her pleasure;She may detain, but not still keep, her treasure: Her audit, though delay'd, answer'd must be, And her quietus is to render thee- Shakespeare, Sonnet 126.
Love that dare not speak its name" in this century is such a great affection of an elder for a younger man as there was between David and Jonathan, such as Plato made the very basis of his philosophy, and such as you find in the sonnets of Michelangelo and Shakespeare. It is that deep, spiritual affection that is as pure as it is perfect. It dictates and pervades great works of art like those of Shakespeare and Michelangelo, and those two letters of mine, such as they are. It is in this century misunderstood, so much misunderstood that it may be described as the "Love that dare not speak its name," and on account of it I am placed where I am now. It is beautiful, it is fine, it is the noblest form of affection. There is nothing unnatural about it. It is intellectual, and it repeatedly exists between an elder and a younger man, when the elder man has intellect, and the younger man has all the joy, hope and glamour of life before him. That it should be so, the world does not understand. The world mocks at it and sometimes puts one in the pillory for it."- Oscar Wilde
This is all too complicated for 4chan but I'd rather not discuss it for the same reasons I don't want to talk about politics. Discussing it just leads to the worst of people on the ends of the spectrum overtaking the board. Look at how much pedoshit there is on /tv/ and what /pol/ tries to do to /lit/. Can we just talk about literature and not about the ramifications of various author's sexual preferences?
I once wrote down my impressions while tripping on acid at a psy-trance rave. Observing it sober, I found it beautifuly expressive. A rough translation:Writhing like cephalopods in the veils of translucent algae.In the depth of the Earth, a polypus of the future occurences detaches itself and floats above the blight and dirt.Theatre scene in the palace of spinach-leaves.A drop of wax hits the floor and resonates; it dribbles into the brain of a man.Soon, the acacias will bloon.
*bloom
thx 4chan friend
underrated
Man Buckley's pretty cool too. It is hard to imagine two people more diametrically opposed in terms of their values, but they are both being respectful of each other, and Buckley can't deny that it's a good poem.
Such a shitty documentary.
This is a gimmick that was probably new or interesting back in the 60's, but literally anyone can do it.They call it word vomit, now. Because it is.
What isn't a word vomit nowadays?
Coherent thought conveyed clearly?There's a world of difference between mature and enlightening writing and this, "summertime boon in the turpentine swoon / parsimonious weed where temple fall blithe / sallow-chested spare cheeks handling god so roughly" bullshit anyone can just mindlessly write for hours and hours.
Just ordered pic related. what does /lit/ think about niall ferguson, is he on to something?Better alternatives?
bumping for lit's opinions
Niall Ferguson is a pop-history hack for the "socially liberal, fiscally conservative" types you see preaching the gospel of bitcoin at your university.
capitalist shill
Newsflash, capitalism is not badThat said, Niall Ferguson's culturally insensitive and thoroughly questionable interpretations of Islam render his work unsound
culturally insensitive and thoroughly questionable interpretations of IslamDoesn't he have proof?
niall fergusonwalks towards camera
Kek
defending capitalism AND IslamBack to the blackness with you, heretic scum.
The embrace of cultural diversity is the key to capitalism's success
Where can I find good critiques of those types' ideology? Their Jacobin fanaticism is annoying as fuck but I have trouble articulating why. I'm reading The Ego and Its Own right now I'm on a shitposting break; they do seem to be possessed with the "moral faith" kind of spook.
his writing style is really terrible. he writes in this faux familiar tone and it usually comes off like he's explaining something to a five year old. this exactly
Have you tried Marxist historiography?
I haven't but I'm getting into it. I ordered "The German Ideology" haven't read any of his other works, haven't read Hegel and eant to grt into Zizek later.
Most titanic intellects who write books meant for mass consumption must feel like they are explaining things to five year olds. So it's no surprise that their tone comes off that way.Niall Fergusontitanic intellectself-correct: and people who THINK themselves titanic intellects
yeah after writing that i felt it should have phrased it differentlyhe doesn't write like he's speaking to the layman, he writes like he's speaking to a mentally impaired human being
Its all online, free, marxists.org
Given that Ferguson thinks the common person is mentally impaired, is it any wonder?
not really i guess
What does /lit/ think of Felipe Fernández-Armesto? How does he compare to Ferguson?
his writing style is really terrible. he writes in this faux familiar tone and it usually comes off like he's explaining something to a five year oldI felt this exactly. He also seems to cherry pick history events so as to support his somewhat farfetched ideas.
His newer books, really anything after War of the World, are pretty trashy. Chimerica, Toryentalism, etc. make it sound like a children's history book.The Pity of War and War of the World are decent history books and were apparently well researched. He has some outlandish ideas and to /lit/ he probably seems like he's trying too hard to be an edgy contrarian sometimes but at least you're reading a new take on a familiar subject.Also kinda hunky. Is he banging Hirsi Ali?
Ouch, i'm getting cold feet about reading his workCan anyone w knowledge pls answer 
He also seems to cherry pick history events so as to support his somewhat farfetched ideas.I'm going to come out as a stem fag here but isn't that all historians? Isn't all history just picking your favourite points to fit the curve that you want? I get the impression that going to a prestigious grad school and being old, white, and authoritative looking is 99 % of a historian's success
What about his more economically inclined books like The Ascent of Money? Any good?
No, mate. We're very good at picking curve matching. And we get bonus points for raping people in public. Like we've raped Ferguson here.History is a process where you start with a curve language, then you read stuff to challenge yourself, then you map another curve, then you read more, then you map another curve, then you read more, then you map another curve, then you explain your mapped curve with examples from close text readings, then everyone else tries to rape you.So exactly like being an engineer but we don't consent.
Also, House of Rothschild
Niall FergusonI have watched his documentary on the BBC. I was alright, but all those bastard figures from the academia and the entertainment industry are not good.
What about them? He's shit.
I'm going to come out as a stem fag here but isn't that all historians? Isn't all history just picking your favourite points to fit the curve that you want?NOPE. There's a reason that Niall Ferguson, Howard Zinn, and other pop-historians who remove context or add a smokescreen of raging bias to convey an obvious political agenda are treated only as a joke in serious academia, as are pop-historians such as Menzies who peddle questionable theories and claims.
"socially liberal, fiscally conservative"So not a dumbass?
Zinn showed a perspective not normally seen, Nail shows the old worn out liberal-capitalist propagandaThe bubble in which you live and don't wish to pop.
I had to pop a lot of bubbles to get here.
I'm talking about the veil of propaganda protecting our eyes from the serious flaws of civilization.What're you talking about, sex?
what is one serious flaw of civilization? i've never cared for this argument because of the problem with defining civilization. the farther and farther away we get from modern day civilizations, there still remains a civilization. what do humans look like without civilization? can we find any points in history of it?
correct
niall fergusonColonialist scum
Capitalism. The spooks that we stick to out of comfort even when it is detrimental to our well being.
capitalisminteresting. i understand the fallacies of capitalism as well as the next guy but are we really to see capitalism as an entirely detrimental thing? i think not, but perhaps you can persuade me to think otherwise. de spooksmay i have an example of such spook?
I agree with ideas that imperialism ended up doing well ironic as am a economic socialist but frankly his writing style is condescending and he treats the reader like a child.this tbhOverall he's not the worst but there are A LOT better people out there to read history off of.
could you pls recommend a few?
this guy is just making the case for imperialism and for ferguson, and making himself out to be some hysterical idiot
Ferguson is a good writer, but that book is a shitty "introduction" type book full of boring anecdotes and pretend rigor.
Can any-fucking-one name some better alternatives to ferguson instead of bitching about him?I know nothing about this topic which is why i created this thread, just fucking humor me and do some name dropping
The Clash of Civilizations is a "west and the rest" theory written from a political scientist's perspective. It's extremely influential and often understandably criticized. Jihad vs. McWorld advances a somewhat similar theory Guns, Germs and Steel is a work of pop-geography that deals with a similar central question to Ferguson's in Civilization, although geography academics are usually appalled by its line of inquiry
Example of such spookThis is from Stirner. How new are you?Fallacies of capitalismIt is designed to create classes and for corruptions at all levels. It is war, it is crime, it is poverty and it is much of ignorance. It is a "spook" like any religion and only hold values that we assign it. Food, shelter, clothing and the labor it takes to make and move them is all that's real. These things existed before the invention of currency and they can survive without it. I understand their origins and we can forgive the ancients, but money did not create the modern world.
a few what bro?
A few historians who have written books that /lit/ likes better than fergusonThanx anon!!
well fam, what period you looking for? classical, napoleonic, ww1, ww2?
Honestly I would love to read something that deals with "the big picture", like what has led to this situation and this is where we are heading. Does it exist?
Juan Grompone - La danza de Siva
The Muqaddimah is a 13th century work of historiography that is one of the earliest books other than possibly some works of classical Europe to ask precisely that question
I don't really know but there are books about the rise of Western civilizations or alternatively the decline of the West if you're up for it.
the decline of the WestThere are some ridiculously self parodical works claiming this, yes.More realistic, however, would be a book about eventual power transitions from large western powers to large eastern ones, a transition which would surely be reflected by a slight but noticeable shift in cultural norms
There's good ones that exam China's rise and the geopolitical implications the new power would force e.g. discussion of a modern tribute state style system.
Former secretary of the treasury Henry Paulson, who has written a few essays on the topic, recently came out with a book of that nature that I've been meaning to read. Based on an earlier essay of his that I've read he mostly seems to take the stance that China's rise will involve tense but ultimately peaceful economic integration.
I'm not a STEM-fag, but I admit, you're right on the money with that statement.
The trouble is that serious academia is treated as a joke outside "serious academia".
there are no alternativesjust give up
How is that stem?I think you should look more into historia, there is a lot more texture there then your impression is."popular" history and academic history is very very different and many people make their careers being, and focusing on not white guys. Your comment, no offense, sounds like someone saying "i feel like all sculptors are Italian"
I'll take a colonialist over anyone else, frankly. Because everyone else is just that much more insufferable, but they all suck tbh.People think they know shit. They all know fuck all and present themselves as oracles for no goddamn reason except to make themselves feel secure.
How is this the case when even at low tier schools tenured academics regularly mention that they are contacted for advice by elected officials, consulted for advice and information by TV and radio programs, quoted as experts in news publications, or in a few cases have even been invited to and/or attended galas hosted by major world leaders? Certainly doesn't sound like a joke to me.
Muchas gracias amigos!Sure! As long as it is applicable to understanding todays society
You have to think that, for political reasons. You are the exact equivalent of a /pol/-fag who refuses to read the work of black authors.
the key to AIDS' success is not immediately killing those infected
To put it one way, he's better than Jared Diamond, although probably still in the same category of historians as Jared Diamond.However, it is a very fun read.
Pretty much all books about "I explain civilization" are trash.Just read Spengler anon. He's the wildcard that knew how to write in the mess of pseudo-historico-geographo-political books that parade as academia.
the origins of the modern world by robert marks
alsoworld systems analysis by immanuel wallerstein for a marxist take on last five hundred years of history
wallerstein is basedexcept for the kondratieff cyclesi feel like he's such a genius that at some point we'll actually find evidence for them tho
His Ascent Of Money TV show was better and more comprehensive than his book.
how new are you?please stay on point, what spook out of the our spooks can we use as an example? can you please give me at least one?cap fallaciesnot really feeling the designed to create corruption part. corruption is very easily executed through capitalism, but i do not think that it is in its purpose to do so. it surely has the means and ability to turn any situation into a shitty one, but it also has the potential to provide and support. idk this is going to turn into a long, drawn-out and pointless discussion on this point. i was just interested in what negative aspects of capitalism others see.
Daily reminder that Western imperialism was literally the best thing to happen.
You're recommending someone who is quite literally, not exaggerating or using the word polemically a proto-fascist. While the works of such authors are worth a glance for their historical influence, taking them as a guide or agreeing with them is questionable at best. Also, with a few exceptions most of the works recommended in this thread are not academic works so much as the sort of nonfiction pop lit you might impulse buy from a shopping mall bookstore if you have some cash to spare.
There are a few recently published articles that make this claim. However, more entertaining than the arguments in the article itself are the enraged rants in the comments section.
focusing on not white guysRacism.
You're recommending someone who is quite literally, not exaggerating or using the word polemically a proto-fascist
isn't that the guy who said Keynes only cared about the short run because he was gay and didn't have kids
the correct configuration is socially conservative, fiscally liberal
yep and that was basically just a talking point ripped off of hans herman hoppe. ferguson is a boring hack.
He's not a fascist. Fascism is a legal doctrine. He was indeed in favor of "dictature", which is not fascism was Sulla fiscist too?. He sometime praised the Ceasarian renewal in Italy but hated the NSDAP.And more important, there is no question of "being questionable at least". Do people refuse to consider the works of Stark and Heisenberg and Werner von Braun because they were nazis? Spengler doesn't even speak much about politics. Even if he was fascist, what would that change?Instead of some pathetic Godwin point strawman, at least point to actual shortcomings in Spengler, like the "spherical" conception of history.
Just expect some left wing humanist drivel recommended. Lit are fucking pussies
drivelYou're not from /lit/.If you have a problem with humanism then read Poulantzas.
Graeber - DebtPolanyi - The Great TransformationFlannery and Marcus - The Creation of InequalityGindin and Panitch - The Making of Global Capitalism
Nice, thanks anon
, 
, 
So let's say you did read one book a day, for 365 days. And I'm talking serious books, not junk. Would you be significantly smarter after that year?
nope. People might think you're smarter if they talk to you about certain things, however.
Hardly, you can't possibly read stuff like Ulysses, Critique of Pure Reason or Thus Spoke Zarathrusta in a single day and absorb all of it.
this file name triggered me, reported
UllyseesCritic of Pure ReasonThus Spoke Zarathrustanigger...
You'd be more well read. Assuming you retained anything you've read.
Why don't you just read one day for 365 books? And I'm talking serious days, not junk. Would you be significantly smarter after that book?
You would have wasted a year. If you're reading decent lit at a pace of one book per day, you aren't reading it right.
how many books are we talking per page
What if you read book days for 365 ones?
True but you also couldn't possibly absorb none of it.
standard 320
there's only 1 good thing in each book anyway so it doesn't matter if you forget the rest
I don't think there are 365 serious books you could read in a day, let alone absorb.Also is it just me who usually reads on a theme? I don't just sit down and read whatever the next classic is on my shelf, I follow my interests. It links them together so you remember it better, contextualises them. Otherwise you just have an overload of unrelated information that you're not even particularly interested in.
Sorry you aren't as smart as Tai
Wisdom is a spirit.
can someone be such an unironic consumerist shill?"Hur dur, fiction won't help me learn. No, for that I need overprice pop-history, pop-biography, self-help and pop-politics."At least some of the other non-fiction only people can recognise the difference between good non-fiction and useless commercial non-fiction. Well, at least I'd hope some smart STEMbro can spot the difference between a non-fiction book with academic rigour and one without. Fuck, this guy pisses me off. He's like the reification of American 'intellectualism', that is, a posing idea who's 'intellectualism' is just a form of visible consumption.
Okay.
There are a lot of people in America who talk about the value of reading and then...
This guy is a complete hack. That's the only association his name will ever get.
How can someone be such an unironic consumerist shill?How can someone think Tai isn't being ironic?
u wot m8
Big point of Tai's videos is that you can get something from a book, and that something is better than nothing. Whether you absorb every intricate detail, or whether you get a single idea is irrelevant, since you got something you would not have otherwise got.Now if you are getting only one thing from hours of reading, maybe you ought to question your efficiency, but it's still making you a person with higher quality ideas.
Get your kids ready to become mid level managers. Please buy these books.
WHAT IF YOU COULD READ A BOOK IN 10 MINUTES
My knowledge budget is my library card plus the occasional book that the library doesn't have.
WHAT IF WE COULD BE LIKE THAT GUY IN THAT THING THAT COULD READ A WHOLE BOOK BY TOUCHING THE COVER
that would be funny but hes too good at playing this character for it to be a character
/lit/ straw poll who is your favorite writer.Tai LopezMarx NietzscheDFWFreudStirnerRand
At 2:49book says when globalisation failsreads as when civilisation failsNice reading, faggot.
That's revealing. What a bastard.
Who is this guy? Just a self help snake oil salesman?
The posts in this thread would pass for a chapter of a pomo novel, such is the state of the art.
Mike Huckabee
How did this guy even make his money? All his tips involve reading shitty self-help books with no mention of a job or investment strategies, how do we know he didn't just break into some guy's house and film himself?
that's what leads me to believe it's all a jestIt has to be
he has a program where you have to pay like, 67 dollars a monthat best he's a scam artist
He is rich.
I can't imagine. Unless I love a book, I get burnout pretty hard. A book a week or slightly slower is my usual pace.Other people, depending on the book, maybe.
This. Just read the wiki summary.
If you considered thoughts obtained in texts, may be yes.
He's just a douchebag who wants to take your money
I thought the whole book wall \ Ferrari bait and switch was brilliant. He knew there s a bunch of reddit fags and lit neets out there who would gobble it up: look, I'm rich, yes, but also smart. I bet you didn't know that was possible.10/10 for tai Lopez trolling of neet faggots
You might end worse off reading 1 serious book a day. Serious books or books that purport to be serious require critical examination. this guy is a Amway freak
A little learning is a dang'rous thing. Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
Go to bed, Tai.
tao  tai
Godamn I kekked
No, you'll probably worse off than not reading at all.Alsoone book a dayserious booksPick One.
It depends on how analytical and well you are at determining the meaning of what you have read and how you can apply what you have picked up in reality. Simply absorbing the details of an arc and a plot don't do much, unless you want to be better at gossiping.
Invest in VOOShort sell PRAN & DCEABuy gold
You do realize he doesn't actually readDon't give him too much creditActually making myself sit dowb and read a book was one of the best decisions in my adult life I remember trying to read antichrist when I was in the heat of my own thinking and creativity, I randomly picked a page, took a passage and applied it out of context, to a preconceived notion. I'd similarly misread all the time back then That isn't actual reading or any way to expand your world view. There's no need to read an entire book if it doesn't interest you, but if you genuinely think that what he's promoting is actual reading, then you're a moronThis guy is full of self help bullshityou're the only one in possession of 100% of your own DNAGeared toward a society of men that have had their purpose stripped. If what he says gives some of them motivation, that's awesome. But nothing he says in and of itself will change your life. Nothing he says isn't something you already know to be true, and a good portion of it is just wrong Give almost anyone control of your life and they'll lead you down a good pathwork hardread oftengo for things, you're in control of your own destiny But the fact is that life, like books, shows its true colors when you're in the thick of it. And nothing is that simple
He's a self help guru, life coach etcHe alluded to his book club being a source of incomeAnd he's a yt personality He probably has some money, but it's beyond obvious he rents those sports cars
I'm more pissed that he thinks that most people will ever eat $100 sushi. Also, it must be annoying to the cashiers that he stands there for 7 minutes recording himself right at the register.
i wonder how many in-depth conversations this man is capable of
This guy made his money through scam dating sites. He learnt to do that from reading Heidegger or something.
But the fact is that life, like books, shows its true colors when you're in the thick of it. And nothing is that simpleunderrated roast
This guy actually had me interested until I saw the books he was talking about. There might be merit in their messages but that's not how you teach kids.
"smart" people ain't guru's, they're specialists in particular areas of study or expertise. That's why it's impossible to ask grad students about anything other than their studies.
... wait that seems familiarthis faggot goes to the same B&N I go to in West Hollywood. So many good memories there of buying a a nook, finding new subjects to read, going with dad because he'd buy me any book for my birthday.Btw, it's only empty because he's there at night. That place is fucking packed on weekends.
I'm not OP, but the whole point of this damn post is if books make you more intelligent retardsit doesn't matter if it isn't feasible to read a book a day, that's not the point
How much longer until you guys realize this guy is just pure affectation and pretentiousness? Nabokov is abhorrent, with lots of pretty writing to make up for the fact that he has nothing to say. He's a sham and a fake full of empty gestures. The only thing you guys take away from reading Nabokov is rubbing your nipples in ecstasy while muttering "muh prose".Why don't you faggots just read something authentic and honest like Don Quixote instead?But don't take my word for it.Nabokov, in his decline, imposes on even the keenest reader a horrible brew of piety, literal-mindedness, vulgarity and philistinism."Lolita" is a demonstration of the artistic pitfall that awaits a novelist who invades the clinical field of the case history.Nabokov's sense of humor is on the same level as German scatological humor: exrement is funny simply because it is exrement. His comedy is a lie. It is dead. It is evil, like racial prejudice. "Lolita," then, is undeniably news in the world of books. Unfortunately, it is bad news. There are two equally serious reasons why it isn't worth any adult reader's attention. The first is that it is dull, dull, dull in a pretentious, florid and archly fatuous fashion. The second is that it is repulsive.Ultimately, however, it has no more artistic merit than Greaves's 'how-to' because it is merely a fancy 'I-did'.Dull, dull, dull in a pretentious, florid and archly fatuous fashion.However monumental may be its message, it takes on a triviality simply by virtue of being fiction in a time that does not want it. In all the history of the world no people have ever wanted art for its own sake or meaning for its own sake.Nabokov's humor only shows him up for what he is. We pity him his obsessions and frown at his tastelessness.
In all the history of the world no people have ever wanted art for its own sake or meaning for its own sake.Why can't I hold all this pleb?
lots of pretty writingI like that part of his writing. The fact that he doesn't have anything to say makes it even more delicious. It's literature for the sake of literature. Pure art.
Only retards on /lit/ think Nabsy ismuh proseThe prose in Lolita is Humbert's prose and it's a hilarious black comedy with no big theme. It's just portrait of a pathetic nebbish literary type made out to be a fool by a pre-teen girl.
Why does a writer need to have "something to say"? Isn't beauty enough?Nabokov himself was transparent with the fact that he wasn't trying to say anything.
authentic and honestWhat exactly makes one fiction author's work more "authentic" or "honest" than another?
u have 2 talk about wymyn's problems
don't take my word for itWhy not? You've taken the word of whoever you've just green quoted.
green quoted.
good ideas are hogwash
Eat dick, newfag. Green quoting and green texting are separate things.
It's just quotes and greentext, which when overlapping, just create greentexted quotes.There is no greenquote.
Things change.

Honestly yeah Nabokov is shit.
I already have
b-but all his books are written bad on purpose, to show how the protagonist is an idiot
Don Quixote is probably the greatest work of literature to have ever been written. Nabokov wishes he had half the wit of Cervantes
OP has only read lolitaself proclaimed nabokov expert
Not enough, vafel. Do you like when man masturbates right in front of your nose? 'Beatiful' writer does the same.
muh autenticityDostoevskyfaggots have crawled out of their holes to shitpost, what's the matter, got bored from hundreds of pages of whining characters?
I've always agreed with Alain Robbe-Grillet's famous quote: “The true writer has nothing to say. What counts is the way he says it.” Hardly anyone says it in a better way than Nabokov.
Yes, Nabokov is a soulless, empty, shallow writer who basically jerked off on paper and thus the words sounded nice. He was mad at Dostoevsky because the man didn't have to lift a finger to be the God of literature that he is, while Nabokov spent his life being a shitty critic and a mediocre writer.
implying OP actually read Lolita
the man didn't have to lift a fingerHe ought to get someone to do editing for him, but he didn't, and now his sycophants consider his retardation an advantage, expressive writing my ass.
lots of pretty writing to make up for the fact that he has nothing to say. You haven't read Pnin, have you? Pnin is the single best character study I've ever read. It's incredibly funny and touching. It isn't freighted with allegory. Every theme that arises from the book is light, masterfully light. That is Nabokov, he is a master of lightness. Also Ada certainly has "something to say" in more aspirational and obvious sense that you mean. Read the first line. It announces itself. So does "Bend Sinister." Do you not detect Nabokov's resistance to science in "Speak, Memory?" And The fact that you are unable to draw any sort of moral education from the stained glass window that is Lolita also speaks to your character. There are morals in Nabokov, they just land gently on the text. He is never about them. He is about making you feel.
implying anybody actually read Lolita
reading authors who offer you what they "have to say" instead of offering you beauty itself.pig disgusting.Nabokov might agree with you. Doesn't mean he's bad. Just because Bach is better than Mahler doesn't make Mahler not also a genius.
Go read Laughter in the Dark, OP.
the only people that read him are high school students. he will soon be forgotten. i asked someone who was reading lolita at the cafe if she liked nabokov and she had no idea who i was talking about. that's your average person reading lolita.
Oh look, another Nabokov thread.It's been so long since the last discussion. All of you surely have a lot of original and important thoughts to tell. Not
Who are you quoting?
wrong!....beautiful, man
with lots of pretty writing to make up for the fact that he has nothing to say.read something authentic and honestStop, just stop. Shakespeare and Tolstoy are far better and I’m sure there are a lot of others. Do you like when man masturbates right in front of your nose? 'Beatiful' writer does the same.Yes, Nabokov is a soulless, empty, shallow writer who basically jerked off on paper and thus the words sounded nice.He was mad at Dostoevsky because the man didn't have to lift a finger to be the God of literature that he isTolstoy is superior in every way, by far.To those people I quoted: I hope none of you have the desire to become writers. If you have, just abandon it now and avoid years of frustration and suffering: not a single one of you have what it takes to walk all the way. If you only like to read, well, than keep reading: you are not very good at it but at least you will not suffer with the inexorable realization that you don’t have talent.I would love to see what kinds of things you people have been producing on the last days and weeks: the mediocrity of it must be painful. People who approach literature because they think they have “ideas” and “things to say” and “philosophical thoughts” are the worst, and never amount to anything. Everything has already been said, for literature deals with humanity and human nature, and countless writers and thinkers along history have already worked the same problems that every generation has to face eventually. There is nothing new; all is already old. Whenever you people think that someone or yourselves are different from others and are feeling something different or imagining something different remember that we humans are all terribly alike, that everything that compose us is also existing in the other humans. What makes writers great is their art, their technics and their craft. Even writers that are “direct”, “simple” and “crystalline” like Tolstoy are, if you analyze them, deeply artistic.
That is so dumb.
nice tumblr gif
Shakespearecucked
To those people I quoted: I hope none of you have the desire to become writers. If you have, just abandon it now and avoid years of frustration and suffering: not a single one of you have what it takes to walk all the way. If you only like to read, well, than keep reading: you are not very good at it but at least you will not suffer with the inexorable realization that you don’t have talent.I would love to see what kinds of things you people have been producing on the last days and weeks: the mediocrity of it must be painful. People who approach literature because they think they have “ideas” and “things to say” and “philosophical thoughts” are the worst, and never amount to anything. Everything has already been said, for literature deals with humanity and human nature, and countless writers and thinkers along history have already worked the same problems that every generation has to face eventually. There is nothing new; all is already old. Whenever you people think that someone or yourselves are different from others and are feeling something different or imagining something different remember that we humans are all terribly alike, that everything that compose us is also existing in the other humans. What makes writers great is their art, their technics and their craft. Even writers that are “direct”, “simple” and “crystalline” like Tolstoy are, if you analyze them, deeply artistic.you must be a miserable cynic who cant help himself from projecting, sad cunt :0
prove him wrong and post your stuff faggot
Well, OP, speaking of being fatuous, I see precisely no substantial critique in your post. Now, I've never gotten around to reading Nabokov, but you could substitute in almost any generally well-regarded writer's name and your "point" would work just as well. To put it in Analytic philosophical terms, the truth value wouldn't change because there's absolutely no way to properly evaluate it. What you and whomever you cited in your greentext just spat out, OP, is one big nothing, and unlike Nabokov, it is not beautiful.
Martin Amis the first guy you quote generally loves Nabokov, just not everything about him. And why should anyone care about what Orville Prescott, Alfred Chester, and some goodreads reviewer couldn't dig up more people? have to say about it? Classic novels Great Gatsby, etc have gotten bad reviews, then proved to be lasting.
Nabokov is one of the best writers who ever lived. All these buttmad Dosty and Faulkner fags in this thread are just mad because based Nabokov called these fucking pretentious pseudo philisophical authors out on their bullshit.
I dare you to read Pnin and hold the same opinion afterward
Don't spew your shit buzzword "authenticity" on the glorious Don Quixote.
The thing about Nabokov is that he was shallow, his work is only pretty prose. He could be telling the story of a /gif/ bisexual cucking porn and it wouldn't have made much difference because he is all style no substance.
reading Plato on the subwayParmenides, struggling to understandblack guy next to me glances over"Are you an intellectual ?""Not really.""That's why you read Plato"he smiles and leaves a few stations latercome home and try thinking of comebacks in the showerwhat the fuck
well the jerk store called..
geez /litlaughs politely"Oh, have you read plato?"checkmate
you got pleb'd by a superior moorish patrician
lol get owned op
laughs politely
this

*Moopish
fucking lel
lel
he meant it as you read plato to become an intellectual m8
I don't know, his tone was very ambiguous and somehow sarcastic.
this encounter will nag you for a few days, if not forever
riding subwayreading Mein Kampf early thirties woman starts talking to me about reading on the subway and books in generalhit my stopshe hands me her numbertfw now dating a woman ten years older than me I met on the subway because I was reading Mein KampfHeil Hitler!
I really hope that by dating, you mean pump and dump
Stop ! Do not further damage my self-esteem
Did you shag her m8
be careful, she might abduct you and murder you in the name of revenge against hitler or somethingfor this reason, i never readon in public
"I know that I know nothing" or "I know one thing: that I know nothing", sometimes called the Socratic paradox, is a well-known saying that is derived from Plato's account of the Greek philosopher Socrates."Not really"yfw he was complementing your humility and your working towards becoming an intellectual
Something similar happened to meon the tramwayreading Plato or Aristotle, can't rememberblack guy in suit with strong accent talks to me"Do you enjoy philosophy ?"I study it at [name of university]"I study here too, I am finishing my law master""You better suceed"cue condescending smilehe leaves and I wonder what it meant
I would have told him to mind his nigger business, I refuse to talk to those apes.
tfw OP realizes he just encountered the smartest nigger in the world and forgot his Master Pokeball
It was actually Morgan Freeman both times
kek
Why would that be special? He'd only be as smart as an average white man.
I like collecting rare niggas. Then I would train it to evolve and join the human race
Post more hedgehogs you intellectual midget
What the fuck did you just call me, you little shit ?
enjoying evening constitutional whilst reading Kierkegaard bespectacled gentleman approaches me "excuse me fine sir, but are you aware faith is a morally driven spook?"cannot believe this fellow had the nerve work up a "t-to whom do you think you're speaking to?" the man's eyebrows furrow as a grin spreads from cheek to cheek"it is not whom, but you"turn around to pack my things up to leave and such when i regained my original position the man was goneask the nearby curmudgeon in a hawaiin shirt if he had seen where the man with the glasses had gonehe had no idea what i was talking about
10/10 bespeeched
spooky
Anons insecurities rose to the surface
at least he didnt dance with his crew doing that one move where you grab one arm and dislocate your shoulder as your move it behind you, and then put out a hat out to ask for moneygod I hate going through oakland
wait...is stirner the buddha?
/LIT/ #BTFO
No, Buddha was a moralising prick.
what the fuck
on /lit/

You heard what I said, more hedgehogs :3 
shit like this...
reading ideologie der anonymen gesellschaft on the subway"Stirner is a petty bourgeois who would have condoned Hitler", struggling to understandhomeless looking guy next to me glances over"Are you an anarcho communist?""Not really""That's why you read Helms"He smiles and leaves a few stations laterCome home and try thinking of comebacksRealize nigger stole my cellphonepull a note from my duffle bag"property is a spook"I-it's not like me and my own needed it anyways b-baka
Yes
This totally happened, btw.
gb2r
a tawny moor
/thread
He was actually praising you for your Socratic humility. In Plato's time the intellectuals were called the sophists and Socrates spent his life embarrassing them until they had him arrested and condemned to death. By saying that you are not an intellectual you take the position of Socrates against the sophist, claiming to be a philosopher, that is, a lover of wisdom, rather than a sophist or sage, that is, someone who already has wisdom.Socratic ignorance is not a doctrine that you have to learn or even a technique that you get the knack of an employ every now and then in an argument. Socratic ignorance is a consistent way of life. Socratic ignorance doesn't mean doubting everything - that would be the doubt of Descartes. Socratic ignorance means doubting nothing, assuming really that everyone other than you is wise, and only doubting one thing - your self, your own understanding.Whereas doubting everything really does away with the desire for wisdom because you reduce wisdom to a figment of the imagination that can be done away with with and live without, doubting nothing except your self means living in a constant state of desire for wisdom. Whereas the professional Cartesian kind of doubters and professional scientific doubters will doubt every now and then when ever it suits them, but fall into popular prejudice and easygoing opinion when ever it suits them, the Socratic wakes up doubting himself and goes to bed doubting himself. Socrates did not doubt the really of Truth, Beauty, Goodness, Virtue, or anything else, he only doubted his own understanding of them and would spent every waking moment trying to understand them better.Socratic ignorance is the religious discipline of the intellect making it always to stand in fear of God.
Also, if you do try and reduce Socratic ignorance to a mere technique to be employed in arguments you will know robber execute it very poorly. This is why none of the university teachers use the Socratic method - they can't. Sophistry is a habit of mind, it is a constant state of intellectual arrogance, and so getting a sophist to practice intellectual humility the Socratic method, is very difficult. In order to have a Socratic conversation you have to already be initiated in the method of doubting your on understanding, otherwise you will end up abandoning doubt half way through the conversation and instead try teaching the person something you think you know.
For fifteen years I have been intently studying earthly life. It is true I have not seen the earth nor men, but in your books I have drunk fragrant wine, I have sung songs, I have hunted stags and wild boars in the forests, have loved women. In your books I have flung myself into the bottomless pit, performed miracles, slain, burned towns, preached new religions, conquered whole kingdoms. Your books have given me wisdom. All that the unresting thought of man has created in the ages is compressed into a small compass in my brain. I know that I am wiser than all of you. And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe. You have lost your reason and taken the wrong path. You have taken lies for truth, and hideousness for beauty. You would marvel if, owing to strange events of some sorts, frogs and lizards suddenly grew on apple and orange trees instead of fruit, or if roses began to smell like a sweating horse; so I marvel at you who exchange heaven for earth. I don't want to understand you.
This impresses yourself because you're inexperienced.Save it for when you're 20-something and you'll hate yourself for being so teenaged.
embarassingtumblr imagego
, 
ITT: Concoct the spookiest post you can.
once upon a time there was a ghost and it was me. boo!
the ego
nah, I don't want toby the way, if you see this post and don't reply to it, you go to hell
Women have always been the primary victims of war. Women lose their husbands, their fathers, their sons in combat.
if i dont avoid spooks i'm no free man at all
It’s hard not to feel humorless, as a woman and a feminist, to recognize misogyny in so many forms, some great and some small, and know you’re not imagining things. It’s hard to be told to lighten up because if you lighten up any more, you’re going to float the fuck away. The problem is not that one of these things is happening; it’s that they are all happening, concurrently and constantly.
YALL NEED JESUS
thank you mr spook
Everyone has natural rights and I alone own my property.
I vote every time an election occurs. It's my civic duty.
hey guys does anyone have that image of the political compass that has the pepe stirner saying what spooks you have or something?
hell is a sp00000k m80
Bernie & Rand will slay you and fuck your diseased carcass you vile demoness
Stirner was repaid his blasphemy with a lonely death caused by an infected bug wound.
2014: Communist Marxist2015: Reactionary Christian2016: ???
/lit/ has been Marxist since day one.
no revisionism isn't until 2017
More like a John Milbank Christian, which is anti-capitalist and pro morality.
I feld like /lit/ was heavily into the typical teenager existentialism, Camus and Sarte before it became Christian. Anyways 2016 will be year of the Muslim, as all the Christfags realize that Islamic theology is deeper and much more better developed than their own, as well as jumping onto the socio-political bandwagon as Islam takes over the world
 Milbank is an idiot. I have no clue how he copes with that kind of cognitive dissonance.
s all the Christfags realize that Islamic theology is deeper and much more better developed than their own
It'll be populism. The only books we'd agree have worth are easily enjoyable tales which offer no difficulties of any kind. This will include the most anemic and cliche YA lit and genre fiction. Authors such as the meme trilogy will be abmonished for their obscurantism and for being unable to realize that art is just about having fun, man.
2016atheist redditor
That's a lot of watermarks for something you can make in paint
I'm calling it fucker. You best screencap this thread when it happens.
Islam is basically a rip off of their old testament
there are plenty Marxists still, you just don't see threads about politics, social equality or economy too much.The reason for reactionary christian posters might have to do with the fact that SJW or contemporary-feminist I don't know how to call them, because whatever name will bring greentexting are pushing an agenda that is too ambicious, and since 4chan always has a huge population of kids wanting to be contrary, they bandwagoned on this worldview. There are honest christian posters that in general are cool people, they have read the bible and books about christianity, but the shitposter kids are a lot more vocal.
I was thinking the opposite, honestly: the board'll get more and more elitist. We'll all be reading Dwight MacDonald and Adorno.
reaganposter shitposting againGod dammit...
as a huge population of kids wanting to be contraryI don't think it's contrarianism for it's own sake. Modern "leftism" is pushing so hard in one direction that these people get fed up and go the other way, at least where social politics is concerned. That's what I ,as a leftist, find dangerous about the current mode of left wing reason found in universities. You can't use guilt to influence politics without creating resentment, which in turn causes blind contrarianism.
2016 will be the year of social justice. Prelare to check your privilege.
Because they're not leftists. Marx can only be read into practice in the workplace. Academic "Marxists" wouldn't know the value form if their sweat was sucked as surplus value. And in most universities it is.
Kierkegaard happened to /lit/ and there's no going back
that's what I'm sayiig, hence "leftism"
The thing is though, /lit/ has never attained operaismo; thus, it can never attain the understanding of "the workplace" that operaismo came to through the critique of the value form in praxis.When I talk about recomposition in militant conduct, people accuse me of "workerism" as if only the male blue collar permanent industrial worker had his sweat sucked. /lit/ has not lived nor read enough to encounter the reproduction of labour power or the production of labour power, either domestically or socially.There are people on /lit/ right now who believe that the unemployed aren't workers because those people on /lit/ don't read and don't work.
Islam hasn't much theology compared to Christianity. Most of the production of Islamic scholars is more akin to law treatises.
more better
This, a thousand fucking times this. The actual left is dead, as it's been drowned out by overprivelaged identity politics shills from posh suburban backgrounds who, instead of uniting the proles, create division by engaging in ridiculous pissing contests over who recognizes their privelage more. The snake is eating its own tail. Seriously. Go on facebook to any "leftist" group and ask them about, say...the Homestead Strike or even the fucking Haymarket Affair. They're largely clueless.
To clarify, I'm limiting this commentary to America, where the most vocal "leftists" are suburban kids who want to feel oppressed too. Honestly, the whole dismantling of actual radical culture in America has occurred so perfectly it makes me wonder if this whole "privelage" idea comes straight from some shadowy govt. agency.
2016: Greek gods2017: a meteor hits lit and finally kills us all
Honestly, the whole dismantling of actual radical culture in America has occurred so perfectly it makes me wonder if this whole "privelage" idea comes straight from some shadowy govt. agency.What do you think Paris 13 Nanterre was?
Paris 13 NanterreEr...I actually have no idea what it was. Enlighten me.
Pagan mysticism.
Reactionaries overlap with Christians, but Christians here aren't inherently reactionaries. I advocate worker control of the means of production, as does WOLFSHEIM even though he mostly posts on /pol/.
please please please please please
Fuck me, I meant Paris 8.During the 1940s and 1950s capital responded to Marxism by hiring denatured Marxists, mostly social democrats, see for example Robert Conquest's work on the Great Purge both as a historian and as a government section runner.This dried up. Social democrats were insufficiently connected to the proletarian movement to actually uncover new working class praxes to allow the state to defeat them. Social democratic academics became "repress through softness" government academics.So from the 1950s University marxists were cultivated in the West. Marcuse, for example, wrote On Soviet Marxism with a CIA grant. This continued in the 1960s.By the late 1960s, the prior methods of controlling the proletariat had broken down under a resurgence of industrial unionism and strikes against the social wage. This needed "new theory" to provide the state a way to move forward.Paris 8 university was one result. They concentrated the radical thinkers, gave them jobs, and got them producing "radical" research. The results, as we know, are the Israeli state using Deleuze and Guattari to understand the rhyzomatic nature of youth proletarian resistance; or, for that matter. Cornelius Castoriadis was a well paid psychiatrist, I don't think we need to talk about how psychiatry represses the proletariat. And there's at least one left com group out there who's bourgeois "leader" is a police riot sociologist. That's his day job: repression.The creation of "identity politics" came out of post-structuralism in the French radical academy, which was a direct response to the failure of the French state to control the proletarian subject in 1968. Identity politics has been cultivated by bourgeois poofters and bourgeois feminists and bourgeois nationalists. It is the rich yanking our chain, and it was organised by those middle class "leftists" in the French and US universities.Compare and contrast with middle class German and UK "leftists" who have been more content to sell state accommodationalist social democracy, rather than "new times".
We already went through the Greek Gods phase, remember?

Zizek said that we are regressing as a species.I think he did. Can't find the video tbh. He was right all along.
2016: Fans of literature gather anonymously and peacefully to discuss their favorite books and engage in vigorous, but respectful and mutually edifying debate concerning fiction, poetry, drama, philosophy and history. Due to the warm and inviting atmosphere, anonymous posters from all over are constantly sharing their writings, which are fairly criticized with insight, compassion and sound, honest advice. Together we explore, dream and discover. I believe in you, /lit/
I pledge to stop shitposting in 2016 if everyone else does. Now I can use the next 6 months to get it out of my system
im wit ya
Don't play this prisoner's game with me you fuck.
Fine. In that case you've just consigned yourself and all of /lit/ to eternal shitposting.
2014: Communist Marxist2015: Reactionary Christian2016: Reactionary Marxist claiming that Marx was a far-right republican who wanted to abolish gay marriage and establish universal gun ownership for white males.

Kek
but /lit/ ain't marxistIn fact, I've faced more anti-marxists faggots than marxists in this board.Fuck christposting though.I guess the next year we'll have New Sincerety.
lmaoif /pol/ starts reading Marx then that would happennot sure it that's something good
I'm a reactionary catholic marxist-leninistHow this integrates into one ideology actually a sacred mystery.
Aquinas is a poor mans Averroes
Fuck off Antonio Negri.
liberation theology?
I feel like you read most of the wiki page on those two and know the gist of philosophical history resulting in the deeply poor conclusion that that was a clever thing to say.
I could see this become the new fad.
Marxism isn't a fad, cunny. Fact.
You think it's bait because you're unread.
i've read the quran, it's shit
It's these dumb comments that make the coming Islam fad believable.
Nietzsche is Hellenismos
Islamic Theology =/= The Quran
You're talking out of your ass.
t. Sam Harris
Again, you're unread. You might find /v/ is more your speed.
/lit/ warming up to Islam, teehee
So in other words you feel that Im on equal footing to the Christians of lit?
Newfag.We got Atlas Shrug temporarily banned years ago.Fads are like Hellenisimo
It was destined to fail as soon as that one knowledgeable/serious poster stopped coming here and making threads.
Francis IS rehabilitating lib theo in a big way. Things are going to get interesting when Oscar Romero is canonized.
Who Ludwig Klages here?
New sincerity passes but it still lingers a little. Christposting came out of left field but  I sorta like it
ANCAPNCAP
/lit/ started in 2014
aesthetics
So, was he guilty?
thread soundtrack
Yep.
How come?
If the sandals don't fit you must acquit.

thanks
This is amazing.
socrates is a war hero and one of the most prominent thinkers alivecharged with some slapdick religious offensedefends himself eloquently in moral terms but refuses to offer a legal defensestays in prison voluntarily even though it would be easy to escape or to get his sentence reducedclaims this is because of his philosophygoes to his death in the most stoic badass way evert. socrates' protege Does anyone else suspect that this story is not the whole truth? Because to me, it seems fishier than mermaid pussy.
well of course it's not the whole truthplato just used socrates to expand on his own ideas, changing what he had to in order for it to make sense
He actually died during auto-asphyxiation while having sex with Alcibiades; Plato made the Apology as a cover-up
100% accuratet. socrates' protoge
Definetly.
tell Socrates to drink the hemlock or stfuhe actually does it
What an absolute madman!
But they found blood in his chariot.
Very nice. Thanks anon.
the state tells you you have to die because you are guilty of whateveryou aren't guiltyguess I have to die lolSocrates was dumb
Well, it both is, and it isn't, but the whole matter is awfully complex.Firstly, Plato didn't use Socrates to expand his own ideas; only by the analytic developmental hypothesis does this seem likely, and more often than not, they misread everything in Plato, and can't offer any good reason why Plato wouldn't destroy or rewrite his "middle period" works, like Phaedo, if he ever had moved on intellectually to his "late period" positions. This also ignores that figures like Timaeus and the Eleatic Stranger in the late dialogue != Plato.With respect to the Apology, a close reading of the text together with Xenophon's account is instructive. If one thinks that either account is merely historical, they miss that Plato gives indication that it's not, at least not in the sense of being an actual court record or transcript or somesuch thing. It's the only dialogue where Plato appears, and as such, it's interesting to note what he does; when Socrates is given an opportunity to suggest how he should be punished, he first suggests that he should be treated like an Olympic hero, and then he subsequently notes that he could pay a fine. In noting that, he provokes the audience by saying that he could only pay a small fine, and then requests that the fine be settled in accordance with his means, which would not be any sort of punishment. It suddenly comes up that several friends of his begin demanding that he take on a bigger fine, to be paid for in part by the wealthier among them, and Plato is the first name that Socrates states. The meaning of this is in part that Plato is rebuking Socrates for abusing the jury in such an imprudent way. Of course, Socrates takes his suggestion, but the jury is already so incensed that some number of people who had voted him innocent now decide to vote that he be put to death.Part of the accusations weren't merely regarding superstition; questioning the gods of the city is tantamount to questioning the laws and customs of the city, and Socrates had associated with people who the democrats of Athens found deeply intolerable because of their political conduct, namely Alcibiades, Critias, and Charmides the latter two were relatives of Plato, and according to the Seventh Letter, invited him to join their Oligarchic party after the Spartans defeated Athens and set them up as the new leaders; he held off to see whether they would actually improve Athens, and ended up abandoning politics for that period due to their brutal nature. They would have put Socrates to death for criticizing their regime had they not been defeated by the democrats who came back from exile.. This all ties the former accusation with the latter, that Socrates was guilty of corrupting the young.Perhaps the simplest way to summarize the whole of the dialogue would be to suggest that it's Plato's indication of something he learned from Socrates, namely that the tension between philosophy and the city is fundamental.
A nice brief commentary on the Apology:
shit man, if I was 70 and the state offered me free administration of euthanasia on trumped up charges, i'd fucking do it
Shit yeah. No fucker messes with that much boipussy and isn't.
Kekitykek
did he really have homo romance with young guys?or is it how people see it today because 'lol greeks sure liked boipussy back then'
of course plato promoted platonic love, but that doesn't mean the answer is noBy all means; but who makes the third partner in our revels? said Alcibiades, turning round and starting up as he caught sight of Socrates. By Heracles, he said, what is this? here is Socrates always lying in wait for me, and always, as his way is, coming out at all sorts of unsuspected places: and now, what have you to say for yourself, and why are you lying here, where I perceive that you have contrived to find a place, not by a joker or lover of jokes, like Aristophanes, but by the fairest of the company? Socrates turned to Agathon and said: I must ask you to protect me, Agathon; for the passion of this man has grown quite a serious matter to me. Since I became his admirer I have never been allowed to speak to any other fair one, or so much as to look at them. If I do, he goes wild with envy and jealousy, and not only abuses me but can hardly keep his hands off me, and at this moment he may do me some harm. Please to see to this, and either reconcile me to him, or, if he attempts violence, protect me, as I am in bodily fear of his mad and passionate attempts.
Socrates drives the boipussy wild
he was arguably the smartest guy on Athens, plus Greeks back then where ripped as fuck, he might have been like a mix of an Achilles, Odysseus and a mature guy.anyone has the pasta of how ripped greeks where back then?
Well..."Now I fancied that he was seriously enamoured of my beauty, and I thought that I should therefore have a grand opportunity of hearing him tell what he knew, for I had a wonderful opinion of the attractions of my youth. In the prosecution of this design, when I next went to him, I sent away the attendant who usually accompanied me I will confess the whole truth, and beg you to listen; and if I speak falsely, do you, Socrates, expose the falsehood. Well, he and I were alone together, and I thought that when there was nobody with us, I should hear him speak the language which lovers use to their loves when they are by themselves, and I was delighted. Nothing of the sort; he conversed as usual, and spent the day with me and then went away. Afterwards I challenged him to the palaestra; and he wrestled and closed with me several times when there was no one present; I fancied that I might succeed in this manner. Not a bit; I made no way with him. Lastly, as I had failed hitherto, I thought that I must take stronger measures and attack him boldly, and, as I had begun, not give him up, but see how matters stood between him and me. So I invited him to sup with me, just as if he were a fair youth, and I a designing lover. He was not easily persuaded to come; he did, however, after a while accept the invitation, and when he came the first time, he wanted to go away at once as soon as supper was over, and I had not the face to detain him. The second time, still in pursuance of my design, after we had supped, I went on conversing far into the night, and when he wanted to go away, I pretended that the hour was late and that he had much better remain. So he lay down on the couch next to me, the same on which he had supped, and there was no one but ourselves sleeping in the apartment. All this may be told without shame to any one. But what follows I could hardly tell you if I were sober. Yet as the proverb says, 'In vino veritas,' whether with boys, or without them In allusion to two proverbs.; and therefore I must speak. Nor, again, should I be justified in concealing the lofty actions of Socrates when I come to praise him. Moreover I have felt the serpent's sting; and he who has suffered, as they say, is willing to tell his fellow-sufferers only, as they alone will be likely to understand him, and will not be extreme in judging of the sayings or doings which have been wrung from his agony. For I have been bitten by a more than viper's tooth; I have known in my soul, or in my heart, or in some other part, that worst of pangs, more violent in ingenuous youth than any serpent's tooth, the pang of philosophy, which will make a man say or do anything."
"And you whom I see around me, Phaedrus and Agathon and Eryximachus and Pausanias and Aristodemus and Aristophanes, all of you, and I need not say Socrates himself, have had experience of the same madness and passion in your longing after wisdom. Therefore listen and excuse my doings then and my sayings now. But let the attendants and other profane and unmannered persons close up the doors of their ears. When the lamp was put out and the servants had gone away, I thought that I must be plain with him and have no more ambiguity. So I gave him a shake, and I said: 'Socrates, are you asleep?' 'No,' he said. 'Do you know what I am meditating? 'What are you meditating?' he said. 'I think,' I replied, 'that of all the lovers whom I have ever had you are the only one who is worthy of me, and you appear to be too modest to speak. Now I feel that I should be a fool to refuse you this or any other favour, and therefore I come to lay at your feet all that I have and all that my friends have, in the hope that you will assist me in the way of virtue, which I desire above all things, and in which I believe that you can help me better than any one else. And I should certainly have more reason to be ashamed of what wise men would say if I were to refuse a favour to such as you, than of what the world, who are mostly fools, would say of me if I granted it.' To these words he replied in the ironical manner which is so characteristic of him:—'Alcibiades, my friend, you have indeed an elevated aim if what you say is true, and if there really is in me any power by which you may become better; truly you must see in me some rare beauty of a kind infinitely higher than any which I see in you. And therefore, if you mean to share with me and to exchange beauty for beauty, you will have greatly the advantage of me; you will gain true beauty in return for appearance—like Diomede, gold in exchange for brass. But look again, sweet friend, and see whether you are not deceived in me. The mind begins to grow critical when the bodily eye fails, and it will be a long time before you get old.' Hearing this, I said: 'I have told you my purpose, which is quite serious, and do you consider what you think best for you and me.' 'That is good,' he said; 'at some other time then we will consider and act as seems best about this and about other matters.' Whereupon, I fancied that he was smitten, and that the words which I had uttered like arrows had wounded him, and so without waiting to hear more I got up, and throwing my coat about him crept under his threadbare cloak, as the time of year was winter, and there I lay during the whole night having this wonderful monster in my arms. This again, Socrates, will not be denied by you."
"And yet, notwithstanding all, he was so superior to my solicitations, so contemptuous and derisive and disdainful of my beauty—which really, as I fancied, had some attractions—hear, O judges; for judges you shall be of the haughty virtue of Socrates—nothing more happened, but in the morning when I awoke let all the gods and goddesses be my witnesses I arose as from the couch of a father or an elder brother. What do you suppose must have been my feelings, after this rejection, at the thought of my own dishonour? And yet I could not help wondering at his natural temperance and self-restraint and manliness."All of this is literally *right after* what you quoted.
So as per the above passages, it's at least not confirmed, or those who've tried to sleep with him were unsuccessful.There are lots of jokes about it throughout Plato though.
Guilty of being a rad cunt.
have you read the symposium?
Socrates was not only ripped, he was FUCKING ripped. Pretty much every Greek philosopher, poet, tragedian, and so on would have been, because they were all adult male citizens, and either had to fight in the army or later row in the fleet. Or both.People underestimate the level of physical exertion these things required. These guys worked out EVERY day. They worked out so much that they actually liked working out. They lived to work out. Their entire leisure time was composed of working out and getting gay over how hot their bods were in the balmy Mediterranean sun. The first ten fucking pages in Plato's FIRST dialogue have Socrates lusting over a teenager's sweaty, manly pecs through his toga. Socrates likens himself to a lion that is about to gobble up its prey. He can barely control himself. That is how the Western philosophical tradition starts: homoerotic lust for ripped abs. When Alcibiades, the manliest man in history, bursts into the famous drinking party, at which the guests are discussing the urbane topic of Love, it is to ask Socrates why he never fucked him in the ass when they cuddled. You know how the dialogue ends? Socrates goes to the gym and works out.Modern recreations and reconstructions have not even succeeded in duplicating the physical feats reported of the Athenian soldiery - that is, the Athenian citizenry. Often, modern historians doubt that these feats are even being accurately reported, for instance the straight dash of the Athenian army across the entire field at Marathon. This is because modern athletes and bodybuilders can't even do these things, even with relatively light gear compared to what the Athenians actually carried. It took a team of Olympic master rowers to even APPROXIMATE the sailing techniques of the Athenian fleet, outside of combat conditions, on a placid sea. The entire Athenian fleet was regularly capable of these maneuvers, season after season, year after year, campaign after campaign. The sole engine of these maneuvers was muscle. Raw, sweaty, heaving Athenian muscle. Athenian men were the envy of the Aegean.It is understandable that modern historians, coming from a society of flabby, skinnyfat wimps, are unable to comprehend the sheer manliness of Athens. Socrates saved Alciabiades in a hoplite battle in the Peloponnesian War. Aeschylus, the tragic poet, fought at Marathon. And all of them worked out and fucked ass, at every moment they weren't literally inventing Western civilisation.
thanks anonI always laugh my ass off at this because it's half truth
WELL SO MUCH FOR A CONVERSATION ON THE APOLOGY THEN
Only God can judge Socrates,not us, but I guess he is innocent because:''Then I saw thrones, and seated on them were those to whom the authority to judge was committed. Also I saw the souls of those who had been beheaded for the testimony of Jesus and for the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or its image and had not received its mark on their foreheads or their hands. They came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years. The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were ended. This is the first resurrection. Blessed and holy is the one who shares in the first resurrection! Over such the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ, and they will reign with him for a thousand years.''Revelation 20:4-6
The Greek philosophers broke Ellinsancient greek religion and cleared path to other religions, especially easern. Perhaps the later religions weren't better than the previous. The ancient religion could be modernized, but not to destroy completely. The Greek philosophers are guilty of destruction of Ellins religion.
what are you arguing
Okay, how?
''I'm not able to judge Socrates' soul''This is so ovious I shouldn't be telling you.
I can't stop listening to him, /lit/-bros. Not because of this whole meme bullshit, I just genuinely enjoy his commencement speech at Kenyon and what he talks about. I've heard it over and over again and I never get tired of it. It feels so humble and honest to me. He grasped in such vivid examples what life really is: A long, exhausting, hard journey with a few bright moments, and that you're just another person among billions of other persons, yet you can still make a difference, even if it is minuscule and meaningless in the grand scheme of things. Why did hehave to leave us, bros?
Yeah it's a really good speech, I've read or listened to it at least half a dozen times. It concisely hits upon some of the more important and prominent of DFW's themes, and is good, surprisingly pragmatic advice for how to live in our current world.
It's also pretty astounding that he advocates religious or spiritual beliefs at some point he mentions ethical principles, too. I mean we all know and he knew for sure, that religion actually is a kind of opiate, a mean to ease ourselves from the hostility of the world, believing that some metaphysical entity is watching over us. All ethical principles or rules work in a same way, giving us something to hold onto, even if it's meaningless at its core. And it's a million times harder to force yourself to believe in something other than materialistic wealth or other shallow things if you know this - yet still, he recommends it. I guess he could not do it himself, and thus gave up on this plane of existence. Here's the whole speech btw:
everyone needs some healthy delusions, unless you can handle the misery all by yourself without going mad
I'm already fuckin mad, brother. I just try to live by DFDubyas words and be a decent human being, at least while people are around me or if my actions affect their lives.
Why did hehave to leave us, bros?Audience Pussy.
fuaaaarknever heard this before. I'm a recent grad and this shit made me cry. My actual convocation just gave me a sunburn.
feel good post-protestant self help bullshitSWPLcore
He knew no one was familiar w/behavioral cognitive science. So he was able to get away with that speech. Yawn.
*swishes wine glass*
*Looks up from The Economist as he turns the page*
Most commencement speeches are boring because people are just repeating the same rote shit. Sucks the life out of the speeches. It's better when they just act as they would normally.See Charlie Day's: though it's pretty standard, it's more lively than 99% of other speeches because he just doesn't give a fuck about pomp and circumstance.
This speech is how I found DFW. They made us read it in 12th grade. Its been a little over 3 years and I still watch it about once a month, maybe a little less frequently than that. The theme of the speech isn't even all that profound, but Wallace is gifted enough to make it not only entertaining but also a bit original. Btw I fucking hate the audience and I guess that means I haven't quite internalized DFW's wisdom.
I read it from time to time because it's hard to stay afloat and not to fall into the trap of conventional thinking. The time he spends talking about traffic and grocery stores is pretty pertinent. We spend most of our life in those moments and I find it hard not to hard so many of the people around me.Then you realize he hanged himself three years later.
What are some other good speeches? Ones that don't feel like overhyping empty rhetoric.
Malcolm X's field slave speech is a classic
start going on /lit/endless babble about DFWnot sure if it's a meme or people unironically think he's a geniussomehow come across that speech on youtubewatch some other interview of DFWlol, r u serious m8? this guy speaking IRL is pretty unimpressive and his "this is water" is fucking cliched crap that happens to be self-aware of it's own clicheness but embraces it anyway. Oooh, so sincere. Well woop-di-fucking-doo, this is the genius you're all raving about?
You sound like an idiot.
no u
I'm surprised about how much of this is just straight up BuddhismChoosing what to pay attention to appropriate attention - yoniso manasikara, being aware mindfulness - sati, being compassionate, learning how to work on your mental life. Did DFW practice Buddhism? Or did he ever mention anything about it? Because this is pretty good dharma right there.
Talking shit about an author without reading his worksAnd attempting to look snarky and cool at the same time but just failing and looking like an idiotYou'll fit right in, sadly
I agree, after all the self aware banal platitudes are stripped away it boils down to "be sincerely nice to people indiscriminately." He didn't embody this dogma in his life and I don't see any compelling reason to either.
I'm surprised about how much of this is just straight up BuddhismThis is a common sort of knowledge which predates buddhism.
I'm not attempting to be cool, it's my sincere response to his speech and interview. He doesn't have particularly good or interesting answers to the interview questions and "this is water" is just an embrace of cliche. Maybe his books are amazing, but it seems unlikely
This. Anti-intellectual intellectualism of the grossest kind, too paralyzed to make the judgments between better or worse for fear of seeming pretentious or "judgmental". Too interested in lousy aestheticism instead of actual intellectual matters, confusing dipping one's toes in the waters of several different areas with being "well educated."
actually I just found something interestingdid a thesis on this already, apparently Wallace did flirt with Buddhism and meditated for awhile while corresponding with a Buddhist teacher, also one of his professors who helped him with his thesis on logic is also a well known Buddhist scholar, Jay Garfield. So there is a link
The exiled has FANTASTIC article on him:
 I mean we all know and he knew for sure, that religion actually is a kind of opiate, a mean to ease ourselves from the hostility of the world, believing that some metaphysical entity is watching over us.lol
I never stated that he was a genius. I just said that I like to repeatedly listen to his speech. I tried to read IJ but I'm not a native english speaker, and my reading pace was unbearably slow, so I instead listened to interviews. Last week I bought Consider The Lobster and so far his essays are pretty good.
What's your writing process like?
Slow.
One word after the other.
Like this: be mego for a walkhmmmm, its lovely our, and peacefulremember being young?yah, that feeltoday I will add salt methong to my bookgo homeadd some specific element to the book that captures my mood and how I feel about the charactersa week laterthink I'll go for a walk.
nigga nigga nigga pfffttttt
It ebbs and flows. Sometimes I'll write entire novels in relatively short periods of time, other times I can barely write two paragraphs in a month.
I'm drunk so every line is in rhymeand poetry is gay 90% of the timehow do i fix this and cause only dead poets would've gotten clitoris
cant think of normal senences
Think about what I'm going to write tomorrowFeel warm and fuzzy insideGo to sleepRepeat
hi john
I'm so zany XD
Ask me anything about Hinduism. I'm a Telugu Brahmin grew up in US but still very in touch with culture. I've visited many of the famous temples of South India, bathed in the Ganges, and have had the good fortune to learn portions of the Vedas from a guru.
What do you think of Buddhism?
bathed in the Gangesaw gross dude
Is it true that Brahmin aren't allowed to touch the earth of a Jewish cemetery? Or am I thinking of something else?
My views on the matter are somewhat complicated, as while I am a Hindu, I personally respect all religions and believe they all have seek the same goal. I respect Siddhartha Gautama he was a Hindu Kshatriya himself and the philosophy he preached. However, I do not agree with Buddhism's rejection of the Vedas, and their intent to spread it among those who are dissatisfied with Hinduism. Conversion from Hinduism is something I discourage. Conversion to Hinduism is something I do not even believe exists.
How often did you step on human shit while in India?
ACCEPT JESUS OR YOU'LL GO TO HECK
That's actually mostly not trash, most of it is flower garlands and other puja items. But here's where I bathed in the Ganges. The water was quite clean; the dirtiness is mainly near Varanasi.
Never.I've stepped on dog poop in the US many times, though.
Why would Brahmins ever have had to deal with Jewish cemeteries before the British Raj?
How can you tell it's dogshit?
I'm not blind. The real question is, why can't you?
Interesting.I'm half Indian and a Buddhist myself, I was curious of what you thought of the matter.
What is best mantra for moderners?Thoughts on Chaitanya Mahaprabhu?asked to select all images of dead cooked cow in captcha :-S
Ask me anything about Hinduism.Who's radder, Rama or Hanuman
you know there've been Jewish diaspora communities in multiple Indian cities for thousands of years, right?tell me you don't honestly believe that the Raj just wholesale imported Jews, or that they were some insidious byproduct of the British occupation despite the centuries of fervent Christian evangelists who dictated the course of the BEIC's policy. please.i get the 'le indiea is a shithole' meme, it's partially true. but while we can always cherry-pick the present for its' worst, we can't just impose assumptions on the past without knowing dick about it.bah, this is pointless.tl;dr you know way less about India than you think you do. so do i and i used to live there
I'm a Smartha, not a Vaishnava, so I follow Adi Sankara. However, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu is a much more learned man than I can ever aspire to be, and his school of thought is most certainly valid. Also, what do you mean moderners? Do you mean modern Indian Hindus or whites trying to adopt hindu culture? The latter is something I do not encourage.
shut the fuk up m8
Bro I don't even hate jews. Also yeah, you got me, I didn't know there were small Jewish communities even before Brits. Nor would I, as I'm from Andhra Pradesh, where their population is pretty much nil. Honestly how many Indians in India have even seen a jew?
learned manSo not an avatar?what do you mean moderners?Modern people of any skin colour.The latter is something I do not encourage.For what purpose?
Does it matter whether you worship Vishnu, Shiva or Shakti or anything at all?
As a smartha, I worship all of them? Most lay Hindus do as well.
I mean in particular.
DUDE YOU'RE NOT CONSTANTLY PAYING ATTENTION TO THE CONSTANT PLIGHT OF G-D'S CHOSEN? THE MOST INNOCENT AND PERSECUTED RACE IN THE WORLD?NEONAZI ANTISEMITE MUSLIM SKINHEAD FASCIST!LITERALHOLOCAUST
sorry, i've become oversensitive to perceived /pol/baiting. was trying to word it tenuously to not necessarily imply that you hated Jews. don't need to discuss that now, but you can understand that a da j00zer would view a Jewish population in India as evidence of British collusion for blah blah blah.Honestly how many Indians in India have even seen a jew?not necessarily many. i was in AP too Sirsilla w00t, and Hyderabad was definitely not a spot where Hasidim would feel comfortable on the streets.the Jewish enclaves were mostly in coastal trading centers, and have almost totally vanished at this point, but they're mentioned in historical treatises and even respectfully quoted in religious polemic starting c. 500 CE.Rushdie's 'The Moor's Last Sigh' centers partially on a vanishing Jewish community in Madras if you're not a Sanskrit-nerd, though.
/pol/
see? couldn't even finish typing
DUDEHE DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THE JEWSOH MYGODITS ANUDDA SHOAH
I'm not the faggot who got triggered because someone didn't know about the diaspora of the 6 trillion to Indiam-muh native jewish community
holy shit, you're the fucking paranoid one here.
knew i shouldn't have said anything...sorry to have drawn bad karma on your thread. just a guy fascinated by the interplay of cultures in India. 'night.
My vague knowledge of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu was that he was a famous Krishna Bhakta. I'm from Andhra, so I don't know much about him.As to the other point, I believe that you can only be born Hindu to be Hindu. I do not believe it is the only path that can lead you to salvation, nor does the religion itself imply that. However, I feel caste, family traditions, and regional cultures and history all have an immense influence on practicing Hinduism, and this is something non ethnics do not have. While many of them are well meaning, they cannot integrate themselves into a religion that simply has no place for them. Most famous temples also ban entry to whites Gokarna for example to discourage this. A lot of people were sold some pretty convincing nonsense back in the 70s, and they won't stop bothering us, and mainly, aping us.In terms of simple mantras, any namasmarana should suffice honestly. Or learn to sing some bhajans.
Honestly I don't think they've ever really had a large impact on India culturally. The only foreign religious group to leave an actually solid influence were the muslims, bc of Mughals and Nizams. Christians are people you sometimes see I guess.
Not even him but you're the one pointing fingers in the dark and then acting high and mighty when people call you out on your shit, when you're actually the bad karma yourself.You don't do the Jewish people any favors by being a paranoid ass.
not a lasting one, no, that's why they quietly dwindled to nothing. that's why i find their existence interesting, and particularly that an untouchable religious group with zero connection to Vedic culture would even be mentioned in spiritual matters. shows that even the clerical talking classes occasionally heard each other out. which, if you've read any Buddhist-Jain-Hindu flamewars over nonsensical doctrinal points in ultimately unimportant periods of history, is heartening.
I agree with your reasons why non-Hindus can't be Hindu, but what should I do if I find Hindu theology more convincing than Abrahamic theology?
they cannot integrate themselves into a religion that simply has no place for them.Agree with this 100%. Now what the fuck is your group doing in a foreign country?
Me personally, I'm studying Bioinformatics at a US News Top 30 Ranked University. I see no reason why this goes against my statement. India itself is a country of many religions.
I honestly don't know. Read about it I guess? There's a fine line between studying and practicing. But as long as you don't do any Pujas I think you're good.
Would you be okay with various institutions here banning you then?
at a US News Top 30 Ranked University.What the fuck, why would you brag while answering questions about your religion?
What institutions? Like non-religious ones? No. But if someone told me I couldn't enter some church I'd be fine with it. I don't know what I'd do in a church anyway. I visited a few in Montreal and it was awkward AF.
I think my jimmies were a bit rustled when that guy told me to gtfo the US.
yeah brah, fuck niggers!
How is conversion treated?What do Indian Hindus think of westerners who try to/do convert?
Okay, thank you. You seem a lot smarter than the usual people that come here. Where were you educated?
do you follow the abstinences?
What do you think of Evola and sartri devi and those assholes?
I answered this question here.Honestly I think it's an uncomfortable experience for everyone involved. The westerner tries to fit in as much as possible because they've gone too far and need to prevent cognitive dissonance, while everyone else awkwardly tries to avoid the westerner because conversion isn't a real thing. There are of course, always opportunists who will bank on the westerner's poor understanding of Hinduism to make a quick buck.
Yes, pure vegetarian and virgin until marriage kek.
Are you asking if my brown eye is open?Only until my feces escaped the wheel of samsara will I finally be free
Public school in the Northeast US. I also accidentally bragged about my college education in another post kek.
Thank you for answering, that has always been one of the odder parts of the religion for me.How often do you have to deal with them?When it comes to being born an Hindu is it based on parental/materal decent or is it about actually being born in India?
Isn't Hinduism based on a caste system and therefore you can't really convert to it?
Both your parents have to be Hindu. People who follow tradition only marry people of the same language within the same caste still gives you a couple million people to choose from. Being born in India isn't a requirement, but you have to be fullblooded. Also caste follows the same rules, otherwise you're just some intercaste kid. not that that actually hurts you economically or anything nowadays.I've run into a fair share in the U.S. Usually they stick to their outdated 60s and 70s style retreats and ashrams, and don't show up in normal temples. Most aren't bad people at all. Just misguided. ISKCON was big on converting these guys back in its heyday.
Yes. I've addressed it a couple times in this thread.
ISKCONHow do other Hindus as well as yourself view them? Over here I recall them being rather abusive and controlling towards their members when they werent bagging drums and singing in the steets.
Good that they encourage vegetarianism, but honestly I REALLY disagree with the whole message of spreading Krishna Consciousness. It's not Hinduism now and hasn't been for quite some time. Hinduism is as much a way of life as it is a religion.It's shocking how many of their adherents in the US were boomers who got sold on the Hare Krishna mantra through LSD in San Francisco. Drugs are quite abominable from my point of view, and hippies made a mockery of a religion.
Thanks, How is the state of Hindu religion in general going Is it too starting to see the same heavy decline that the Christian Church is seeing in the west?
No one "leaves" Hinduism, especially in India, because it's what you are. It's like saying you're no longer going to be Indian. Wait, nevermind, in the US that does happen. It's disturbing how many Indian expatriate parents are afraid to teach their kids religious traditions or get them to take our culture seriously, because they're too focused on integrating into American culture. Many Indian kids raised in the US can't even speak their mother tongues. A lot of kids get whitewashed completely. However, there are still places where it's going strong, and when I build a family, it will be based around the same ideals as those I was raised with.
Will you have an arranged marriage?Is it difficult to find a women with similar views to yours?
I will most likely have an arranged marriage. Which is more similar to the old world courtship scene depicted in The Godfather. And I hope it's not too difficult. In India, it definitely won't be. But I'm still not sure if I'll actually marry someone who grew up in India, because I grew up here. Finding someone with my views here is probably more difficult, especially when you factor in the fact that I can only marry someone of my caste and language/regional affiliation.
ding someone with my views here is probably more difficult, especially when you factor in the fact that I can only marry someone of my caste and language/regional affiliation.Is fraud a big issue in that respect? Do people often try and fake caste and regional affiliation?
Uh I really don't think so. What advantage would it provide you? Besides, those people would most likely want to marry someone of their own caste and regional affiliation.
how do the castes work?is there a caste-less caste?have you heard of neem?
tell me if you find the ascetism appealing, if you practise it, how do you do it in detail.also, talk about your method of meditation if you have one.
Why would you discourage conversion from Hinduism? What do you think is a distinctly Hindu insight worth preserving?
What do you think of Perennial philosophy? Specifically Guenon and Evola.
What languages do you know?
Bragging about and comparing your education to others is a part of Hindu culture that you would never understand, ignorant whitey!
Good that they encourage vegetarianismBut the Vedas promote animal sacrifice. Horse sacrifice is central to them.
Which sect do you belong to? Which Sampradaya? What is your philosophy advaita, dvaita, which school of Hindu philosophy do you follow? From the pic I'd assume Advaita Vedanta but just in case.What is your main practice? Mantra recitation? Patanjali Raja Yoga? Maharshi style self inquiry? What do you think about the Buddhist influences on Hindu thought, for example, the non-dual philosophy of Shankara is often held to be heavily influenced by Buddhist Madhyamaka through Gaudapada so much so that Ramanuja called him a "crypto-Buddhist".How can you seriously justify the brutal and oppressive cast system? Is it just "the Vedas said it, that settles it?"What are your thoughts on Westerners who convert to Hinduism? Can they reach Moksha or do they have to be reborn in India first?
Pretty distinct from eating them.See, if you're operating from a religious viewpoint where you believe that blood sacrifice is a necessary component of the interaction between man and the gods, then it can't really be avoided.The whole point of a sacrifice is that something is given up as a signifier of tangible faith. Blood sacrifice is the most obviously potent form of sacrifice, for what could be more valuable than the life of a creature?Said animal would have met the same fate: death, if it was killed for human consumption, and as such the result is essentially the same for the animal itself.Blood sacrifice is also, in tems of sheer scale and actual environmental effects, far less harmful than industrialized meat consumption.For transparency, and so that I cannot be accused of having some ulterior motive, I shall state that I am not a member of the Indian disapora, and am an Atheist.
Yes, you're correct. I'm a Telugu Smartha, and yes I follow the teachings of Adi Sankara. My main practice is to recite Rudram, Purusha Suktam, Narayana Suktam, Durga Suktam, and Sri Suktam during Shivabhishekam. I don't perform japa or anything like that, really.Also I feel Adi Sankara is similar to Buddhism, as Buddhism itself derived from Hinduism. His main message for the layman was "Bhaja Govindam", or chant the name of God to become enlightened. Of course, the main goal of Hinduism has been Moksha for quite some time, and Nirvana is clearly an analogous concept.Punarapi jananam punarapi maranam,Punarapi janani jathare sayanam,Iha samsare bahu dustare,Kripayapare pahi Murare.This entire verse from Bhaja Govindam talks about leaving behind worldly suffering for the lord.
Telugu and English. My English vocabulary is a lot greater.
My grandfather was given diksha by his guru and often performed japa for hours every day in his old age. I also believe that I will follow that when I reach that age.
You have to be born into a caste, and your parents must be of the same caste. You have to marry into the same caste. I think sannyasis come close to being caste-less, because they have renounced all worldly attachments. And yes, I know about the neem plant.
Do you believe in the historicity of the epics?
What do you think about Hindutva and the BJP?
Yes. However, I have a hard time reconciling whether all the yugas take place during human history, or whether each yuga involves a new big bang and restart of evolution. The kali yuga is clearly linked to the dwapara yuga by Parikshit, and the dwapara yuga is clearly linked to the treta yuga by Jambhavanta, so that puts a hole in the restart theory. However we know pralayam to occur at the end of every yuga, but I'm not sure if that's a true apocalypse of metaphorical apocalypse as in sins running rampant. It was clearly a true apocalypse when Matsya avataram was present. I was really confused about it as a kid because I loved dinosaurs and couldn't figure out where they fit in to my religion.
How can you seriously justify the brutal and oppressive cast system? Is it just "the Vedas said it, that settles it?"ThisYou haven't answered
Modi is a self made man and that's all good, but he hasn't really done anything yet. Hindutva is good for easing the suffering of lower castes, but I honestly don't know if Hindu nationalism is a good idea. I don't think something like Rwanda could ever happen in a mainly peaceful country like India, but Hindu-Muslim riots aren't an uncommon feature of India's history, and impede progress. Congress sucked though, so BJP can only be better I guess. My dad was really psyched for BJP to win but he's been developing a really Hindu nationalistic idea as well
I don't think something like Rwanda could ever happen in a mainly peaceful country like IndiaDisagree. The people of Rwanda were peaceful too. Hate groups and extremist political factions that were allowed to flourish corrupted the people. The same could happen anywhere
bathed in the Gangesmust be quite an experience and smell - what does it feel like to bathe in what is essentially a giant open air sewage pipe with excrement and rotting bodies floating by?
Sorry I just realized that. Personally, I believe that people should marry within their caste, because each caste has traditions that others do not, and it's very difficult to reconcile them. However, outside of religion, I don't believe caste should be a factor of separation, and in modern India, it really isn't. Anyone of any caste is free to select any career path they choose. Scheduled caste quotas are quite harmful though, because lower caste people reddys, naidus, gouds are really the ones in political power, and are pushing everyone else down. Chandrababu Naidu might be an exception though.But eccentric mistreatment of lower castes has often been criticized, since the play Kanyasulakam was written in 1892. Gandhi was a big proponent of this as well.
addressed here
Interesting. Thanks for the reply. and in modern India, it really isn't.What about pre modern India? Seems to me that the only reason you had to abandon the rigidity of the caste system was the modern democracy that you inherited from British colonialism. How do you look at it historically, compared to other civilizations, that were of course hierarchical, but did not have such a rigid system based in teological developements?
Drugs are a pretty component tenet of many ancient religious practices.The problem is the prevailing attitude towards drugs in our society. The more responsible advocates of the Hippy movement will tell you that drugs are tools used to achieve altered states of mind conducive to certain tasks, spiritual or intellectual.Your average idiot in a club on the other hand just wants to get high and have a good time.Psychoactive chemicals are not bad in and of themselves, and do have their place in religion see: Shaivist cannabis use for instance.When people misuse them irresponsibly, that is bad.
just wants to get high and have a good timeAnd what is wrong with this?
Nothing, I'm just trying to couch it in a way that the person I responded to would view more favourably, thus increasing my probability of an overall positive interaction.In fact, I'm high right now.
Especially with Muslims thereMuslims are eternal agressors stroking the flames of hate
I think I can answer thisI'm half Indian myself and my mother and her family were from Goa which was a city-state colonized by the Portugese as a trading hub. They were Catholic for as long as they could remember and no one could remember what their old castes were. In fact my grandparents could have been from different castes and their parents and so on, but when they converted to Christianity they left all of that behind.But that was under Portugese rule; maybe it was the same in the major British hubs.Goa was a very Europanized place.
how do you guys even begin to familiarize yourself with the rabayana and mahahahabagarana given they are like 20 volumes long each?
Goa isn't really part of India culturally kek. It's like the quebec of India I guess.
Ramayana, Mahabharata. My grandparents taught me them in story form when I was a kid, and there are many abridged versions. There are some wonderful picture book/comic book versions as well. Amar Chitra Katha does a splendid job of translating these epic stories of Hindu mythology into comic book format.
By that logic vast parts of India are not part of India culturally.Indian culture is so vast and diverse that statements like that are stupid, you should know better.
Why do you believe in that?Your culture, fear of death?
I don't know about that. The British really couldn't give two cents about India culturally with the exception of banning sati. The real catalysts for abandoning the extreme rigidity like brahmins having to take a shower if an untouchable's shadow fell on them were Kanyasulakam and Gandhi, as I previously said.
KWhat do you think about Gandhi?
I'm OP. This guy  wasn't me. But it's true, Goa, and parts of Kerala are extremely Christianised, and don't really fit into the rest of India either culturally or historically due to how recent and foreign their culture is.
How does it feel to be inferior to Tamils?
One of the greatest men this world has ever seen. I think Richard Attenborough depicted him beautifully as well.
a johnny foreigner trying to tell me how my country workslolnoIndian christianity is different from the western versions. Just because the religion is different does not mean that they don't have the caste shit popular in South India. Obviously not talking about Goa here.
It's true, Tamilians are superior to us in Carnatic music. However, I have utmost respect for the orthodox Iyengar Brahmins. Their dedication is admirable. My college roommate is a Tamil Brahmin, and a masterful Veena player. However, we Telugu still have the greatest Carnatic composer of all time, Saint Thyagaraja. Also, Tamil is a kek language except for the carnatic music written in the language, those songs are beautiful.
johnny foreignerMfw my grandmother's brother has a statue in Goa for being one of the first people to die when Goa was taken back. He was just a regular college student though kek
Good for him.Nothing you said applies to you though, you were brought up in america, why try and be something you're not, I don't get it.
How many languages do you speak?
Religion in a nutshell. Question asked- answer may be unpleasant - question ignored.
Bro what are you talking about. I'm a Telugu Brahmin, fluent in my language and have learned and perform my necessary prayers. The fact that I grew up in the US doesn't change that. I also did live and go to school in India for a year in 2009. What am I claiming that's false?
Oh crap I forgot to answer it.I believe in it because I was born in it. It is as much a part of my identity as my ethnicity. This is a core of who I am.
English and Telugu I'm fluent in. French I can understand and have limited working proficiency. I can understand Hindi but that's it.
The adolescence is the most important part of a man, it shapes him.You didn't grow up in India, so you're not Indian according to me. You may be Teleugu Brahmin, but that's it.Kind of an arbitary definition, but it makes sense to me. After all, you don't have the shared cultural experiences that everyone growing up in India within your age group had. You get what I'm trying to say?
When did I claim that I'm straight up Indian? I'm still an Indian citizen though kek. Yes, I get what you're trying to say. But I do consider myself both Indian and American. I used to visit India every 1-2 years until I was 16. I'd say I've spent more summers in India than I have in the US. And honestly, many of these shared cultural experiences involve little more than filmi trash, which is unfortunately taking over the core of Indian culture. But you do have a point. I'm not 100% culturally Indian due to where I grew up.
I've been thinking about making a trip to india to become a monk, perticulqrly of the siavite sect. what's your opinion of that idea?
Don't do it. You can't become a Saivite anymore than you can become an Indian. Hinduism is ethnically maintained. Also, isn't that getting a bit hackneyed? You honestly won't find any more enlightenment in India as a white person than at home. There are millions of people looking to just make a quick buck off foreigners, and are willing to sell them any kind of nonsense to do it. Don't go under any pretense beyond tourism. I'm sure Christianity has its own form of monasticism that would be more suitable for you. If not, just find peace through service, like at your local lunchbox and soup kitchen. I served at my local ones twice a month until I went to college. It's a wonderful experience. Hinduism does say that service to man is service to God.
Buddhism would take you
I just feel a calling to be a monk, and india seemed like the place to go. thank you for your reply
Yes, it would. Do that if you want, don't try to become a Saivite. Also it's not a sect in the way that you most likely understand it. There is no rejection of other Gods in favor of one. Brahman is a concept that many foreigners cannot grasp.
I'm already a zen buddhist studying under a fully transmited sensai, but I want to go further. I've been thinking about going to an asian country but india always interested me.
I've read the.vedas?upanishidasarhabarata, and attend a hindu temple in my area every so often, I'm not a stranger to hinduism, but it might be different in india
The Mahabharata isn't considered part of the vedas, it's a separate epic. The upanishads are though. But I'm serious, you will get ripped off easily.
I have no intention of "converting" to Hinduism, but I would like to learn to practice yoga "authentically", and I do believe that Hinduism does contain a genuine body of knowledge concerning the ultimate nature of reality. Is it "wrong" for me to delve into Hinduism in this manner? How would Hindu people see me, in India let's say, if I were to engage with them as a curious outsider as opposed to a wannabe Hindu?
No, this seems fine. However, you'd be better off learning from the Indian community in the US, as in India all wannabe Hindus are considered outsiders anyway. You still might get ripped off.
fuck your identity
watbroIt was a legit answer
Now, that which is impermanent, unsatisfactory, subject to change, is it proper to regard that as: 'This is mine, this I am, this is my self'?
Fine you got me, I've not fully renounced worldly desires and maintain attachments.
BrahminProtip for all you non-browns: This means nothing. In modern India Brahmins are looked down upon because so many of them are beggars.For OP: this and tell me how it feels to know that your entire understanding of the Vedas may be false.
beggarsLiterally all the males in my family works at IBM, Google, or Oracle, or is a Doctor.
work not worksand are not isforgot to fix it
all good fam
I wasn't implying anything about your family; it just seemed to me that you were trying to impress people by saying you were a Brahmin and I wanted to temper that, as well as your general emphasis on caste, since I am "just some intercaste kid". And by the way, only the males? Do the women do anything?
Whoah, we got off on the wrong foot. I am not impressing anyone by saying I'm a Brahmin, it's a fact of my birth, and it's clarification for my understanding of Hinduism. I'm not a racist or casteist in any way. I grew up in the US, so I have friends of all races I know that statement apparently doesn't count. I don't mean to imply that intercaste is in anyway inferior to being Brahmin or that being a Brahmin is enviable. Also, most of the women in my family stayed at home because of my strict grandma not something I agree with. My mom has a masters in applied mathematics and didn't work until a few years ago.Beyond religious traditions specific to caste, caste shouldn't really affect your life.
i just wanted to say OP, very good threadthat nobody pulled a "not /lit/" is proof of this
I'm sure you'd love Zelda timeline debates.
I thought there was an official set of timelines?
I have heard that there are three interpretations of hinduism,polytheism,monotheism,and heaven-greaterplane worship. The polytheism interpretation takes all the Gods at face value and has people worshipping them as gods,the monotheism interpretation says that all the gods are avatars of one god,and the greater plane interpretation says that the gods are manifestations of a greater plane. What is the interpretation that most hindus fall into?
Can You explain abit about Shesha & the Naga?are they simply manifestations/ avatars of the Trimurtior are they agents/servant of them?Are destructive towards man?
what was he like as a person?
died a slow humiliating death, the irony
Maybe if you read his books you'll find out.
Read Stephen Zweig's "Nietzsche" to find out, great book. It's on libgen.
nietzsche the philosopher and nietzsche the man are two very different ppl
And the most important singe clue about Zarathustra is that it is the work of an utterly lonely man.He is shy, about five-foot-eight, but a little stooped, almost blind, reserved, unaffected, and especially polite; he lives in modest boarding houses in Sils Maria, Nizza, Mentone, Rome, Turin. Carefully the myopic man sits down to a table; carefully, the man with the sensitive stomach considers every item on the menu: whether the tea is not too strong, the food not spiced too much, for every mistake in his diet upsets his sensitive digestion, and every transgression in his nourishment wreaks havoc with his quivering nerves for days. No glass of wine, no glass of beer, no alcohol, no coffee at his place, no cigar and no cigarette after his meal, nothing that stimulates, refreshes, or rests him: only the short meager meal and a little urbane, unprofound conversation in a soft voice with an occasional neighbor as a man speaks who for years has been unused to talking and is afraid of being asked too much.And up again into the small, narrow, modest, coldly furnished chambre garnie, where innumerable notes, pages, writings, and proofs are piled up on the table, but no flower, no decoration. Back in a corner, a heavy and graceless wooden trunk, his only possession, with the two shirts and the other worn suit. Otherwise only books and manuscripts, and on a tray innumerable bottles and jars and potions: against the migraines, which often render him all but senseless for hours, against his stomach cramps, against spasmodic vomiting, against the slothful intestines, and above all the dreadful sedatives against his insomnia, chloral hydrate and Veronal. A frightful arsenal of poisons and drugs, yet the only helpers in the empty silence of this strange room in which he never rests except in brief and artificially conquered sleep. Wrapped in his overcoat and a woolen scarf for the wretched stove smokes only and does not give warmth, his fingers freezing, his double glasses pressed close to the paper, his hurried hand writes for hours -- words the dim eyes can hardly decipher. For hours he sits like this and writes until his eyes burn.
The words of an idiot.
five foot eightfucking manlet lmao

shyreally? he doesnt seem shy in his writing

RARE
I think this might have had an impact on his outlook
Why does no one ever post his best picture? He was handsome as fuck in his prime.
Well, yeah, but that's where his carefulness in writing comes in. He was a philologist in training, after all; he knows very well how to write for different audiences and for different effects.
Intelligent Nihilistic and a wicked sense of humour
that's a picture of nietzsche not a picture of me
looks more like chekhov tbh
“In assessing Nietzsche’s condition I have long been reminded of identical or very similar experiences with young men of great intellectual ability. Seeing them laid low by similar symptoms, I discovered all too certainly that these were the effects of masturbation [by hiding under their bed, perhaps]. Ever since I observed Nietzsche closely, guided by such experiences, all his traits of temperament and characteristic habits have transformed my fear into a conviction.”
Nope, Nietzsche was a sexual ascetic.
Now I understand why they call him edgy homo and the gay science man
I'm sorry /lit/ please don't be mean.I love and enjoy literature, I really do. But how on earth can you read Nietzsche? He ping pongs back and forth so much and I feel like I'm unable to comprehend anything he is saying. It's like reading Einstein. I can tolerate 18th century writings and such. I'm not saying they're poorly written or anything. But Nietzsche is so hard to read and I can't understand anything he says.Does anyone else have this problem?
Have you read any other philosophy or are you just jumping right into Nietzsche expecting to understand him?
What of his are you reading?
You should've started with the Greeks
did you start with the greeks? you won't understand Nietzsche if you didn't read their predecessors
hahahah what a pleb xd
I read Socrates once and it was kinna hard but not near as hard is this. Of course, it was Plato's writings of Socrates but I'm also read Frederic Bastiat and Karl Marx.I think it was called Good and Evil? Or something like that. No nvm it was beyond good and evil.
Lies. Stop meming.
die in your sleep
You have to work your way to Nietzsche. that means understanding Hegel and Schopenhauer.here's a guide to help you.
What is your education level? Also do you believe that the world around exists to serve your purpose or you to it? It seems to me like you;re the kind of person that does not spend much time using their brain for critical thought instead alluding to a typical modern day social notion of "I ani got time fo dat shit." I.E. Stop being stupid, Nietzsche is not hard to understand if you actually think about life every now and again.
Ok thanksAssociate's
no memes it's all connected I swear.
OP, read secondary literature first. Get a biography of Nietzsche's life so you'll have some context to his intellectual development. Loads of people have written interpretations of him, read a few of those too.
Nietzsche is literally "start with the Greeks the Greeks are GOAT mfw not a greek le sad face GRECO GRECO" the philosophy. It's his meme.
You need to read Kant and Schopenhauer before.Nitch the bitch's works is a reaction to 2,000 years of philosophical tradition.It is purely impossible to understand anything in Nietzsche's work if you do not have formal training in those two areas.
It is purely impossible to understand anything in Nietzsche's work if you do not have formal training in those two areas.Polemic bull. I read the faggy science and you can easily google references which are mostly superfluous, sometimes a good supplement.
The flamboyant science yes.But for Also spinach Zaratundra, antechristfag, ecce faggot, you need prior knowledge
Oh thanks for the heads up then tho I don't know about reading any more nonfiction by Friedrich Copypastschecaricature.jpg
He does make sense, but he really demands the effort of the reader. Consider his passages on esotericism if you do a quick search/find on a project Gutenberg version, you'll find those aphorisms immediately: he talks explicitly about how the old philosophers were all esoteric, as if he's undercutting them, but that's to distract from the fact that he's an esotericist too. At the end of the book, he calls himself a follower or worshipper of Dionysus, but consider his other reference to Dionysus, in aphorism 7. There, he discusses Epicurus's low view of Plato and the Platonists as followers of Dionysius the tyrant of Plato's time, but then Nietzsche goes on to explain it as a pun, that they're actors followers of Dionysus, the god of the playwrights. Implicitly, he affiliates himself with the esotericists in calling himself a follower of Dionysus.Here's a nice study of Beyond Good & Evil, if you'd like; it doesn't dot all of the "i"s, but it will outline the central argument, and some possible ways of understanding seemingly contradictory aphorisms.
Nietzsche Hegel Bullshit.
muh precious stones
yeah fuck everything about that passage, all wasted words and faggotry
Discuss Taoism, Buddhism, Hindu philosophy, and Confucianism, I Ching, etc.First order of discussion:Is Alan Watts a good or shit way into Eastern thought?
Is Alan Watts a good or shit way into Eastern thought?I think alan Watts does a good job of introducing Westerners to Eastern thought/religions. He was personally a Zen Practitioner/Mahayana Buddhist. So obviously he his ethos/interpretation is skewed toward this perspective. Which is interesting when you think about it, because the historical Buddha was Theravada. This of course does not discredit Mahayana Buddhism, it just simply states which was the original. For the basic understandings of Buddhism, he does suffice. However, I personally feel, one should not dwell on Watts forever. He himself jokingly calls himself a physician, he just wants to heal you and send you on your marry way. He's not looking for disciples. People tend to overly glorify him, which is silly. As for Lao Tzu, we have to remember that the Tao Te Ching is actually two books, the older, and the newer. The old book was probably written by him, the latter half of the book is more political. Hence, most historians believe the second half was written a hundred or more years after him.Nevertheless, Lao Tzu's teachings the first half on simplicity and charity with no ego/recognition are things that I strive for in my personal life. Doing good in order to elevate oneself for prestige or title is not the way of the Tao. Doing good because it feels good and makes simple sense is the Tao. As for Buddhism: I can dig Siddhartha's 4 nobel truths. They are very practical, but difficult to fully cultivate. Mahayana Buddhism, I personally feel, dapples a little too much into pre-reflective thinking, which in return, can cause apathy or even borderline nihilism. I am not saying this is the case for every Mahayana Buddhist, but when you read things like, The Record of Linji, and read how the monks are shouting at each other and compare the Buddha to a cylinder of shit, I feel it strays far from traditional Buddhism. Again, whether that is bad or good thing, doesn't matter to me.As for Confucianism, this is, more or less, a political and cultural doctrine for Ancient Imperial China. Indeed, you can still see the cultural practices of family/state hierarchy. In is a philosophy heavy in social order, class structure, and obedience. To most westerners, confucianism is the opposite of western values, such as individuality, democracy, and freedom. As for Hinduism. I don't know enough about it other than it is like an umbrella religion that sucks in everything, and declares it as a formulation of their own ethos/perspective.
Eastern Philosophythread hidden nobel truths
Sorry, I can't spell right now. I'm very tired, forgive me if it is a bother to you.
historical Buddha was TheravadaIs there an evidence for that? I know that Theravada is supposed to be the elder tradition, but then again how do we know that the teachings were really kept in the right order? There were schisms in Buddhism too, so how can we know that Theravada as the older surviving branch is really more closer to Buddha's teaching than Mahayana?
Are Adam and Eve in hell?
No anon, they aren't real.
/edgy/
You can only go to hell after Jesus so they probably just suffered in Purgatory until then.
/thread
/thread
/thread
/thread
/r/atheism
/thread
They lived before Christ so...Their fate is that of Virgil's im guessing
commonly accepted opinions are edgythis neo-christian reactionary movement this ridiculous fear of being associated with a specific kind of hat
1st Corinthians 15:45And so it is written, The first man Adam was made a living soul; the last Adam was made a quickening spirit. 46Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual, but that which is natural; and afterward that which is spiritual. 47The first man is of the earth, earthy: the second man is the Lord from heaven.basically Jesus saves all of the sons of Adam including Adam
Why go to /r/atheism, when /r/atheism can come here?
image for tumblrquoting bibleImbecile spotted.
unironically believing in fairy tales
so what happened to adam between his death and the coming of jesus
"hurr durr le fedora maymay""go back to /r/atheism with your edgy belieefsss"mfw these religious wackos do this.
this complete ignorance of theology
/thread
an entire discipline about an imaginary friend is worthwhileStay pleb my friend.
I am also ignorant of Phrenology, Astrology and Alchemy.Can you guess why?
because you're intellectually inferior and wear stupid hats
Typical.Someone who is totally ignorant of the king of sciences calling *someone else* pleb.Its like arguing that Naruto is literary but the Aeneid is useless "because it's old".Never change, /lit/. Never. Change.
poor guy passed away last month
*CITATION NEEDED*Don't worry, we won't.
How can you tell if you aren't feeling up my head-lumps?
Probably not much. Pre-Christian Judaism did not have a very developed sense of the afterlife.The soul went to Sheol, which was basically a neutral sort of place comparable to the Greek underworld.
Citation needed *for what*?

Daily reminder that the /lit/s favorite book based on our official poll is the Bible and athietards have no place on our board.
That's a horrible picture. Sports don't even synch up with the motor cortex. Fuck that noise
That's the point.jpg
Here's a solution I think works for everyone.Mass suicide. Would you all please shuffle or wheelchair yourselves to the edge of the nearest twelve-story building, please? You'll jump in two hours.
Samefag,theres more replies than posters in this thread
i feel like im on fucking /mu//mu/they love memes and everybody posting the same thing
FILTHY ATHEIST SCUM STOP TRIGGERING MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Reminder.
please delete this image, it is very offensive to christianity
How autistic are you? What is it about the bible that triggers so many people into shitposting about how Christianity isn't real and not worth discussion but other works of fiction are embraced with open arms?
Endless Christposting tbh.Every action has an equal and opposite reaction, friend.
i think you mean "Salvationposting"ACCEPT JESUSACCEPT JESUSACCEPT JESUS
Can you let me know when any of those fields produces a work of comparative literary value to the Bible?
Theology isn't the study of literary value.it's the study of excuses for why there is no evidence for God, and assorted other hoops through which to jump.
there are lots of religious texts that prominently feature astrology. actually the bible does too.they're all a crock of shit thoincluding the bible of course
you can say the same thing about the study of anything
ITT People pissing on a thousand years of their own culture and traditions
"Christposting" is the worst meme ever. Augustine and Kierkegaard, among others, are some of the most important milestones in western philosophy, yet you can't start a thread about either without somebody yelling "christposting".
He was in the limbo of the patriarchs. Those were saved during the Harrowing of Hell
Seeing as they're just metaphors for original sin, they're probably not
poor guyhe brought it on himself.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that the OP probably doesn't actually believe in the literal existence of Adam and Eve, but is rather asking a theoretical question about two characters portrayed in a piece of literature.
You people don't use philosophers the way they should be used. To regard any philosopher without skepticism is to be a dogmatist, a hater of wisdom.People do the same thing with other philosophers, but Christians act like because their philosopher was important and was Christian it means they are correct. I got some news for you: most of the Greeks were Hellenists and they are even more important. The threads you Christians start about Kierkegaard and Augustine regard Christianity as fact, because their philosophies are based on it. But what makes those philosophers great are what they say that is universal.
Christian philosophers disagreed considerably with each other, and John Milbank is almost defined by his dislike of Duns Scotus. Come off it, ,m8
How can one apply to science what one applies to art in regards to time? Facts are eternal, art is eternal, but knowledge is ever changing. The legacy of science has nothing to do with the validity of it.
Then how come with Christians on /lit/, the mere existence of Christian philosophers is proof of god? The closest thing you get resembling an argument itself rather than namedropping a theologian or philosopher is someone posting that first way picture accompanied by some of the worst defenses of it imaginable. I know Christian philosophers disagreed with each other. J and P disagreed with each other. Yet Christianity itself is exempt from the rule that anything can be disagreed with, according to the shitposters.
All these christfags' butthurtGloriousTripfag in charge of understanding anything was trying to say how christfag revere christian philosopher coz of their religion not whether other christian philosopher disagree with each other. The problem isn't Christians or Christainity, the problem is christposters being retarded on /lit/
our boardDon't you mean MY board? You're all just my little roaches; little mice going through the elaborate maze I constructed.
i'm an atheist but i genuinely want an answer to OP's question because i'm curiousOP should have prefaced with "humor me for a moment:" and maybe this thread wouldn't have devolved into adolescent arguing.this is a literature board, and the bible is literature. them being real doesn't matter. this is shitposting
oh wow, you're on /lit/ now. Amazing.
i'm an atheist but i genuinely want an answer to OP's question because i'm curiousIt being real doesn't matterYou're right anon, your comment is shitposting.
Adam and eve were most likely in the good side of sheol until jesus came and preached to those imprisoned there.Adam and while the first sinners, also still worshipped the Lord and taught their children to worship the Lord.So they were most likely saved by Christ."Bosom of Abraham" and all that.
There is no hell, is an idea from the Christian Theology, but let's pretend it's real, along with Adam and Eva, they probabily went to Paradise considering Dante put Adam in Paradise in his Divine Comedy, so this makes me thing that at least in the middle ages they were considered to have their place in Paradise.

fedora#248mind dumping 1-247? I need to bolster my collection.
fuck off
/thread
No, mankind's suffering as well as a separation from God was their punishment.They believed what they were doing was, in some way, virtuous. They did not reject their father, one will only go to Hell if they reject God.
theology is king of sciences
Did Hell even exist in Genesis? I thought they were just turned to the "dust from which they came."
le funny 'science means natural science' me me
Read Kant.
if god kills himself does he go to hell?
I have, read history you illiterate brat.
No. His immortality is necessary to existence and he certainly can't be confined within part of his own creation.
omnipotentcan't kill himselfwhy are christians so retarded
From what he said, we can conclude that nowhere near the actual ontology is the truth. Creating and building their truth is a form of fallacy that can not be avoided. Therefore it is true. I don't see why not.
Anon never said he couldn'tHe said that god couldn't be trapped by a lesser creation and that if he died hell would cease to exist anywayI'm not even a christfag, step it up retard
Can God divide by zero?
Since Adam and Eve brought Death into the world and that means no Death before God exiled them from the Garden of Eden does that mean Adam or Eve is Death?
No, because animals and plants could die prior to thatAdam and Eve just introduced it to mankind
Christ went to hell when he died, so yeah.
Yeah they do. It is in their nature to think of themselves as lesser beings. Your relativism sucks. Go read Aristotle you fucking degenerate. Do you not see the correlation between the real world and most of Him? They're everywhere. They're watching me. Bling bling here's the Taliban. I want mods to do a little ban ban. Ban religious/atheism threads. They are serious cancer. Please make it stop.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck anon. Fuck. I was religious until just now. I forgot science disproved theology. Fuuuuck. Could you link me to the source again, I lost it
@Priest mode on.@Only Gracious Lord God knows all sins of sinful people and He directs his soul into the appropriate places. @Priest mode off@
God is the source of everything. Even porn. I like to fap to some crazy ass shit nigger. I like it when they bleed you feel me? It's all good.
Source of sins is devil.
And who do you think the source of the devil is?
And God is good. God is everything. Even my hard cock that I get for that little boy across the street. Wait a second. I just realized that this is not funny. I can't make fun of this. Especially not the little children. They're innocent. I'll stop now. God blows you all.My cream is my shit. I like to eat it so take this post and well... It's a shitpost. How do we crap even more? How do we take a massive amount of dump and trow it on a pile of dump that you already created here? Tough to answer.
prieston 4chanpriest on 4chanOh, yeah, I guess that actually makes sense.
@Priest mode on.@
your mom asssholestop fucking replying to me with these idiotic questions
Probably the one who starts all those Lolita threads and brings up NAMBLA whenever Ginsburg is mentioned.
/thread
/thread
doesn't understand the radical skepticism inherent to KierkegaardHa, ha. Oh, wow.
This. Seriously. This was always lits attitude until pol showed up
they've been here all along, really
What are /lit/'s thoughts on Jay McInernys Bright Lights, Big City?
tai pei tao lin
It's trash.
Y
I liked it when I read it a few years ago.
, 
Has anyone taken a look at this yet?

read itwas shit
Is it good ?
I've looked at it but haven't read it
I've read it but didn't look at it.
It's dildos.
this picture gave me an existential crisis
Oh?
Stop itHE CALLED ME YESTERDAY
It comes out today, so no.
My library bought a copy, so I'll probably read it. But something tells me any novel marketed as "The Next Great American Novel!" is probably going to be shit.
Cohen Dropped
So, that was the ending?Is King joking?Surely before he dies, he'll release the real ending. This was fucking ridiculous.
genre fiction YA shit
this tbh, /lit/ has become complete shit since the undergraduates finished their exams
How do you usually come up for titles for your books or stories? That always seems to trip me up more than it should so I wonder how everyone here does it.
Just take the most interesting sentence from your story and There you go.
Use your creativity you used to write the story. Oh! Wait.
You cut me deep, anon.
I usually name my title after something found in the climax.
Well I've only written one bookIt's about an archipelago so it's called Archipelago
Remind you of anyone?
1. your favorite book2. your favorite animethe bible here
I want Asuka to dominate me and call me worthless until she lets her guard down then I fuck the shit out of her
we all do my friendwhat's your favorite book and anime?
NeuromancerAsuka is my favourite anime.
i can't be the only one who hates anime here
he said, shitposting on an anime imageboard
Phenomenology of Spirit or Paradise LostAsuka
implying this board is about that degeneracy
People who don't like or know or care about anime aren't posting in the thread.I can't even name an anime, tbh.
It's got every other kind in spades.In for a penny, in for a pound, as they say.On-topic:Shardik - Richard AdamsJin-Roh Wolf brigade
ABSOLOM, ABSOLOM!Monogatari series
You're not alone. Degeneracy everywhere.
journey to the end of the nightperfect blue
degeneracy/pol/ lads, there's a containment board just for you
I'm afraid internet colloquialisms won't fix your unhealthy existence
spook_town.avi
Infinite JestUltra Maniac
Tristram ShandyVenus Wars
nice on both
Yeah, what the hell.1.The Quiet American.2. Uchū Senkan Yamato 2199.
willful disobedience and to love ru
1. Gormenghast2. Hunter x Hunter, if only for Killua and its soundtrack
Zarathustralain
Runner up for me was Night on the Galactic Railroad, if you wanted fiction.
I don't know who labeled Zarathustra as an essay, but it's very fine fiction alright.1. Les chants de Maldoror2. Evangelium
Anne of Green GablesWings of Honneamise
Bakemonogatari Infinite Jest
The Gay SciencePonpoko
1. The Brothers Karamazov 2. Legend of the Galactic Heroes
Brothers KaramazovSeinfeld
1. À Rebours2. Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
The Holy InnocentsI have seen just two pieces of anime: Akira and Perfect Blue.
If you enjoyed Perfect Blue you should definitely check out Satoshi Kon's other films. Tokyo Godfathers and Millenium Actress are both masterpieces of animation.
Your choice of book sounds interesting.And those are both pretty good pieces of animation: Satoshi Kon, who directed Perfect Blue has some other notable works to his name.
Beaten to the punch.Or. . . . Hivemind?
1. The Divine Comedy 2. Anne of Green Gables
The Complete Shakespeare.hack/SIGNS
Brave New WorldTexhnolyze
Marlowe's playsMagical Girl Madoka Magica
Why are her arms so long?
Naruto.Lord of the Rings.
masterpieces ofOnly 5 year olds speak like that
Leaves of Grass
Gravity's RainbowAkira
What are books do you like?
johnny got his gunflcl does magical realism better than marquez
Brothers KaramazovYu Yu Hakusho
I'll hold your hand anon.
Brothers Karamzov Seinfeld
Lolita.
1-Red Pear's Grief not released yet2-Ergo Proxy
How so?
Ergo ProxyPseudo-philosophical rubbish.
Life is pseudo-philosophical rubbish for me. Ergo Proxy best represents that.
Oughtn't the point of this thread be to identify the stylistic and thematic similarities, or even more nuanced connections, between posters' two choices? For example, the common theme of antagonism as a requirement for culture in 
Ma nigg  Seventeen Contradictions David Harvey for now GITS
The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine by Ernest Hemingway. Cowboy Bebop.
Perfect Blue is his only solid film. His other stuff looks nice but storytelling-wise and thematically are a mess.
I'd agree that Paprika is a narrative mess and arguably his worst film. But Tokoyo Godfathers and Millenium Actress are both solid films with amazing storytelling. I honestly don't see how you could like Perfect Blue and not like Millenium Actress.
favorite bookCities of the Red Nightfavorite animeDesert Punk
I like some of the miyazaki films, and akira was so good I took the time to find the Manga and read it. But yes, overall anime is garbage. book of the new sun  I guess porco rosso.
Just like every other medium ;^
HyperionNagato Yuki-chan
preferring mangas over animeThere has never been a good manga adaptation of an anime, EVER.
there has never an anime adapted from a manga that surpassed its source material
perfect blue and paprika are basically the same.
Brothers karamazovGhost in the ShellManga is not bad, movies are good, Stand Alone Complex is amazing - I watch the whole series about once a year. Fun note, the revolutionary literature of Patrick Slyvester in the 2nd season is based off Mishima, they could not use his name and work for legal reasons
Critique of Pure Reason K-on
Fitting.
Augustine's Confessions
having 4 cans fall on your head would actually hurt like hell.
One Hundred Years of Solitude.
What is Aria?I just started getting into reading so ... 1984Pic is my favorite anime
Not at all.
tai peh by tao lindragonballZ
kill yourself
I like Madoka, but this isn't even 1/10 bait.
My pool of books are really limited tbh.
Don't have favourite book per se so let's just say Echopraxia and GITS
implying dragonball isn't god tier and basically one of the main reasons anime got popular in the westimplying tao lin isn't the most interesting prose stylist of his generation
AriaSurpassing the source material
that 10/10 music and VAMy only complain is that they didn't animate my favorite manga chapter
The anime is visually subpar compared to the manga art. The manga fully captures the beauty of Neo-Venezia.
Modoka is unironically one of my favourite animes.stylish art directionflawless pacinggreat build upsatisfying conclusionAnd then rebellion happened.
I agree but you cant deny the music especially those by Chrono Club contributes to the GOAT atmosphere of Neo-Venezia. It is a whole new level that the manga can't really compete in. It is especially so for Aria since it has always been about the atmosphere and the setting
The hobbitNeedless.
is there any other anime as good as modoka?
Sure, I listen to the soundtrack while reading the manga though.

Absalom, Absalom!Haibane Renmei
Nichijou was breddy gud.
This better be bait, there are tons better: Utena, Tatami Galaxy, Texhnolyze, Angel's Egg, Mononoke series

coelho-tier-just-do-it!
"The plot must go back on!"Eh
I liked rebellion for the animation and music. Loved how Sayaka and Nagisa can interact and wield their witch form. Ending is rather conflicting for meAssuming QB would be able to manipulate Madoka eventually, then Homura did nothing wrong. But Madoka will probably forgive Homura IF S2 comes. Really hope S2 comes That is a decent compromise I guess.Aria.
implying dragonball isn't god tier and basically one of the main reasons anime got popular in the westNo one cares. muh popular must mean something besides popular
All the best animes are based on books and light novels.
that wasn't the argument
1.The Beach2.Berserk
You're supposed to read Berserk baka.For me I'll say Rose of Versailles and In Search of Lost Time.
120 days of SodomMidori: Shoujo TsubakiFavorite manga: Les Fleurs du Maledge/10?
k-onstopped reading
Anime for the EliteApproved by WeebteamWhat's next, Fast Food for the Foodie, Approved by Suburbanite Slobs?
being so insecure that you can't enjoy low-brow entertainment
Whoever made that list has either bad taste or is a kid.
Mother NightGhost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex
Its new sincerity.
One Hundred Years of Solitude Paranoia Agent
Blood Meridian
Not the biggest fan of that list, but I'm glad they understand which Full Metal Alchemist series is superior
They're both shit. Shounen shit.
Snow CountrySpice and Wolf
Short History of Decay.
1. East of Eden2. Shinsekai Yori
1. Labyrinths2. Angel CopVery nice.
Lain/Non Non Biyori/Eva/Ping Pong/Tatami Galaxy in equal measure.
1. Don Quixote2. The Tatami Galaxy

1. I dont have one, i have several2. I dont have one, i have severalthese two posts are a double match though
Mason & DixonTrigun
1. Mason and Dixon2. pic related
UlyssesFLCL
The Stars My DestinationPlanetes
mind gameulysses
Tatami GalaxyMah fuckin niggas.
Rebellion is bad. Full stop.
mon negro
Blood Meridian
whot's yore favorite anime bookthey are colled mengos
why?
Watership DownSora no Woto
Not One Piece
1. A Confederacy of Dunces2. Tokyo Godfathers
Tractatus Logico-PhilosophicusWatamote
Anime is absolute garbage and not worth your time.The other day on /tv/ i destroyed some f/a/ggot with several paragraphs of anime beatdown, i wish i had saved it
thinks anime is garbagewatches tv and films
FoundationSpice and Wolf
Very true, there's more shit anime than good and it's the same with books. So much shit.
How does it feels like knowing the anime is complete garbage?
Eh, it's better than The Fall of Hyperion.
LainDark Tower: Then GunslingerThe pretentious litcore fag in me wishes this wasn't my favorite book, but it is. I reread this shit every year. It's the best damn shit in the world.The other day on /tv/ i destroyed some f/a/ggot with several paragraphs of anime beatdown, i wish i had saved it Several paragraphs, here? Yeah, you're not a retard at all.
Death Note, really?
Siddhartha, Steppenwolf, In Search of Lost TimeMushishi
You are cool guys.
SiddharthaMushishigreat taste anon
Death Note is fun. D-don't you like fun, anon.
Invisible Cities Haibane Renmei
1. Gravity's Rainbow2. Cowboy Bebop
The Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea.The Leopard.The Tatami Galaxy.Serial Experiments Lain.
Monster, ShiguruiBooks are for faggots.
Ferdydurke and Welcome To The NHK
Complete Works of Raymond Carver.Maison Ikkoku
just realized that both carver and ikkoku are both heavy on realism. no heroes no villains no world to be saved etc etc
Wings of Honneamise
The Secret HistoryTatami Galaxy
animesmuh rebellion ruining muh HomuGo back to tumblr.
Good anime originalBeboopEvangelionMeduka MegucaTexhnolyzeMawaru-PenguindrumDennou Coilserial experiments lainGood based on mangoUtenaNichijouGekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kunYuru YuriFMA BrotherhoodSailor MoonCardcaptor SakuraGood based on LNsTatamiBaccano!Kino's Journey????Japanese LNs are garbage genreshit for high school boys and otaku, mostly.
Toss-up between One Hundred Years of Solitude and Heart of Darkness I'm aware I'm a huge casual. Although, if we're allowed to include short stories, then Langford's BLIT quartet is also in there.Toss-up between Kino's Journey, Last Exile and Blue Submarine No. 6. Today I'm feeling Blue Sub, though.
Most people on /a/ agree that DN was good up until the timeskip. Which it was, if a little overly edgy.
Anime is absolute garbage and not worth your time.spends his time beating down anime on an anime imageboardsimply epic
But Tatami and Kino's Journey outclass literally every other anime on there because of their deep literary themes.Also, you forgot Welcome to the NHK.
TatamiBaccano!deepMate Tatami is deep but it's a very simple story with more or less one message. It's more character-based than anything. Baccano! is just a pretty good action show with some vague moral questions tossed in. Lain and Texhnolyze are better than both for literary merit, especially the former because it did social commentary that anime of its time 1995-2011, sekaikei type generally avoid like the plague because of the disintegration of Japanese from Japanese society following the housing burst-bubble, 1.17 Hanshin Earthquake and sarin gas-attacks. Japanese fiction until recently focuses almost exclusively on man and the world and fellow man rather than man and society. Kino is exceptional for the same reason.
Catcher in the RyeEvangelion
/a/ you fucking cartoon cuck cunts
ctrl+fno MonsterYou guys must've not seen it.
monster is the most pretentious anime ever made
I enjoy being a cartoon cuck cunt thank you
It is is it? Or is it projecting...
The ImpossibleNot sure, probably Gegege no Kitarou or Tatami Galaxy.
Romeo Tanaka is a good LN writer, though I prefer his work in the VN medium. But yeah, LN are for the most part incredibly shitty.By the way, I've enjoyed most of the anime you listed, but I really hate Madoka and Texhnolyze.
tfw /a/ will never be this patrician
1. Gravity's Rainbow2. Kaiba
my sides are in orbit
It is lad, and it's boring to boot.
films have much better quality in general than anime
Noooooooooooooooooo no no no no no.Both are mostly garbage.In fact, most of everything is utter garbage.The best you can do is distinguish different grades of garbage, and even then, your preference is arbitrary.
Films have 10-50x the budget of anime so it's p pathetic if they didn't
True patricians only watch moeshit.
1. Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuutsu2. Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuutsu
Kubrick, Godard, Coppola, Scorcese, Fellini, Bergman, Jodorowsky, Welles, Hitchcock, Kurosawa, Malick, Lynch, Polanski, Lean, PTA, W. Anderson, Renoir, Tarkovsky, Herzog, Altman, and Soderbergh have a lot of movies under the belts. And there are plenty of individual films from shitty directors that turn out great. Anime has who? Oshii and Kon's corpse? This doesn't make any sense.
For this month, or rather, recently:1. Meditations on the Peaks2. Yama no SusumeI don't really have any #1 single favorite thing
No, it's not boring. It's just that there are no mechs, it's not the same thing. And you better be in your fucking thirties.Monster: Real character progression, real characters overall, strong and unusual narrative, set in very believable 90's Germany, not boring but sublime and intelligent. It's a one of a kind, and I don't think you have even seen it, shitposter.
And these directors, fantastic as they may be, are still but sparkling gems in an ocean of mediocrity.Furthermore, "Anime" being a regional animation movement, at best influencing outside productions, has a far smaller pool of great names to draw from than world cinema.99% of films, and directors are categorically poor.
Are you seriously comparing decades of worldwide film directors with a niche product from a single country
yes i have newtrip, the character development was shit tbh even by anime standards and johan was an awful "villain"
It's a credit to the output of that single country that he feels he has to.
Is any light novel patrician?I really like Utsuro no Hako to Zero no Maria, it'd be my pick
And yet there's still more quality in there. You didn't fire back with names, you didn't suggest there's a lot of great anime series or films within the last 10 years, you're just standing there saying there's a lot of crap. Sure, I don't like Bay or whoever either, and yet I can immediately name several impressive films off the top of my head and I have a really hard time thinking of anime series that I really like. The only ones that really come to mind are Cowboy Bebop, Kaiba, Kemonozume, and maybe Ghost in the Shell: SAC. PTA's output is larger this list, Welles doubles it, etc. The same thing goes for music. There are so many stellar records that more or less everyone likes and that are only an hour long or so. Anime's typically of a poorer quality and takes a significantly higher time commitment to complete on average. That sours a lot of it in comparison to film, music, literature, etc.
This sounds more like a spoonfeeding bait
That's because you're comparing an entire medium with a 100+ year global history to a niche market that only came into it's own in the last sixty-odd years.There is no comparison to make, learn to think in terms of comparative scale.Say, compare the cinematic output of a given nation within a comparable time period.
Johan is not even a character, he's a complete caricature. It's not about Johan. Isn't it interesting how "pretentious", "boring" often substitutes for "beyond me", "went over my head". If you didn't like it, you can just say so. No foul - but the need to attempt insist the world to correspond with your emotional content is childish, and Monster is a very good anime even if you never watched it. Anywayz I gotta split cuz this headache is not going to drink itself into a migrane.
Yet there's almost nothing worthwhile in that 60 odd years and there're mountains of great things in almost every other medium I can think of off the top of my head.
this much cognitive dissonanceit's an anime ladi don't think something as simple and straightforward as monster could go over anyone's head
that's not cognitive dissonanceand I am not trulldxxxxdddddlaters, buddy!
this post is a great example of cognitive dissonance
It seems to me that you simply do not like Anime.This is fine, but you could express that without being intellectually dishonest and attempting to denigrate the whole shebang.
Reading picture booksReading a TRANSLATION of a picture book
implying I can't read moonrunes
bookLe proces Verbal animuLain / Tatami Galaxy / Code geass / Nodame CantabilemangaBartender / Dragon Ball / Death NoteI've pretty much stopped watching anime, I seldom read manga maybe once a year. I've been checking amazon twice a year for the past 3 years if the original novel the tatami galaxy anime was adapted from was translated into english..Never been a full blown weeb but I'm seriously considering learning japanese just to read that book. Honestly I find it tragic that the whole anime/manga medium never really crossed the mature line.I hate that it's socially acceptable to watch Scrubs but not Code geass, let's not pretend the former is more mature than the latter.
The StandHaibane Renmei
What is FMA Brotherhood?
That's generous. Started 60 years ago sure, but anime has really only come into its own in the last 10-20 years.
being a degenerate
1. toss-up between Infinite Jest and Life a User's Manual2. Legend of the Galactic HeroesThe similarities should be obvious I guess.
The Sound and the Fury
1.Dune2.Naruto
UnderworldEvangelion

Wind-up Bird ChronicleEden of the East
Gravity's RainbowSayonara Zetsubou-Sensei
Crime and PunishmentNGE
Heart of DarknessFull Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood
1. The Fellowship of the Ring, J.R.R. Tolkien2. Golden Boy English dub Seriously, it's fantastic.I get what you mean. I liked anime as a kid and teen, but now I can't stand it. I love stuff like Princess Mononoke, Ghost in the Shell, Yu Yu Hakusho, etc., but now it seems like all anime is just cutesy, obnoxious crap like Lucky Star or other kinds of Moe garbage.
Kino. That's about it.
This is perhaps because you don't watch anime and thus are talking out your ass.
liking Eden of the EastShit taste detected. M80 that was one of the most poorly-written, plothole-ridden, inconsistent mess I've ever seen. It has cute art, I guess.
Infinite JestCardcaptor Sakura or Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei
The WavesWolf Children
why do i get the same feelings from NGE and Infinite Jest? and to some degree the catcher in the rye? any others that fit on that list?
I'll ask this on /a/ later, but do you people of /lit/ have recommendations for classic or very good anime that is either intended or appropriate for children under the age of 14?I don't want them watching just any old shit thing they find on television but I don't know a damn thing about anime myself to tell them what's good and why.
boku no pico is a heartwarming tale of friendship
Oh, and I'd prefer answers from people old enough themselves to understand the importance of not exposing youth to degenerate and Jewish influences in media.
You are an idiot, therefore things that are art NGE and things that are pure hackery DFW seem the same to you.
So, in other words, no responses like this one: a Japanese series of hentai shotacon anime OVAs produced by Natural High
Lurk until you can at least spot basic memes, newfriend.
Like I give a fuck about memes. Especially some anime reference when I wrote I don't know shit about anime.newfriendYeah, it's my first time on reddit. please don't downvote for missing the joke.

Because both DFW and Anno were trying to tell you to live differently.
I am seeking fantasy novels with nihilistic and atheist themes. Know of any?
Communist Manifestoabout a fantasy utopia for atheists
Come on now, I'm really wondering. That other thread makes it pretty clear modern fantasy is all Christian themes. I'm wondering if there's any good fantasy without any of that. That's not erotica, there's fucking enough of that.
Ligotti's works somewhat fit the bill.
sword of truth? Atheists AND Ring Wing!
Ring WingIs this the new /lit/ meme?
I second Ligotti.
It's too idiosyncratic to quite be 'fantasy' tho
his dark materials
There's your go. Not nihilistic, really, but I can't imagine fantasy plus thematic nihilism without imagining the horror genre... but actually... I've only read the first book of it but the Gormenghast trilogy could fit that bill, actually pretty much perfectly. Glad I could help, OP.
Not /lit/, but the Seventh Seal is basically what you're looking for, but in film.
Plato if you follow the ladder of religious cruelty
tfw no qt bf to read with
Metro 2033 has nihilistic themes.
aren't you nihilistic when you get through enemy territory disguised as a bum covered in shit?
I'd tell you but it wouldn't matter
Do it.
If one thinks, in this way, of individual intention as only arising with the gradual taking shape of a project, then it becomes less easy to distinguish ‘deliberate’ intention from the implicit ‘tendency’ of an action. So, for example, the capitalist who seeks self-gain within a rule-governed system is constantly articulating his desire for such a system and for characters like himself within it.The heterogenesis of ends can only appear as a fundamental mode of social description because one thinks of an imaginary intending agent standing ‘behind’ her projects, whereas the agent really becomes an agent through her projects. Choice, in its most basic options, is not discovered at the individual level, but within social discourse. Only by forgetting this can one establish an economic ‘science’ which divides and rules in terms of private sentiments and ‘natural’ design. Once this is recognized, there can be no more discovery of a fundamental ‘economic’ dimension to all human history, and no alienation of human purpose which is not primarily ‘conscious’ to the side of nature, reason, or providence. There is no gap to be bridged between commencement and conclusion by any natural legal process because destinations are by definition ‘other’ than starting points, even though starting points can only be narrated as the way to destinations.Based John Milbank
What do you guys think of this book?I'm 50 pages in and I think it sucks.
Of course it sucks, you're not on heroin. By a junkie, for junkies.
I've taken lots of drugs but not that. It sucks.
GF says I just do not get the point that it "isn't meant to be understood, its just very deep"I think its so junkie retard just making gross shit up for fame.
I found the movie Naked Lunch to be a nice weaving of stories and images from this book with the life of the author. The book itself uses a lot of the cut-up technique that Burroughs came up with; I didn't bother finishing it.
Well, some of the 'gross shit' certainly does have a purpose e.g. commentary on capital punishment and how being hooked on H dehumanizes the user, but indeed, the rest is interesting only on a raw visceral level -- pure energy and imaginative power. And what's wrong with that?
Don't bother explaining it. Some people are simply unable to comprehend anything except a linear narrative.
I appreciate the obvious critiques of society such as the colony that is controlled by a drugging leader, that was interesting, but the visuals and "imaginative power" as you say seems childish and mundane. Just a guy trying to be super gross.
they are metaphors for homosexuality, not just randomly added.
homosexualityYou mean any aberrant sexuality
It sucks OP.I used to have a rule that I had to finish any book I started. After I finished Naked Lunch I repealed that rule. Life is to short to spend reading shitty booksYour GF sounds like a faggot. You should dump herYour instincts about this book are right OP it sucks. William S. Burroughs was a drug-addled dipshit who shot his wife and now other drug-addled retards hold him up as some kind of a hero.
I think it kinda sucked too. Though I enjoy it more in retrospect than I did while reading.
Though I enjoy it more in retrospect than I did while reading.This.This book is hell, I like risked to faint while reading. But somehow it changed something in me.
Please tell me /lit/, why does this seem to be one of the most autistic and creatively bankrupt board on this site? The more I look and stay on it, the more I observe everyone who posts here is inflexible, rigid, humorless and overly pedantic as it gets. Not to mention repetitive and overly focused on the same topics without variation.Why is this /lit/?
A lot of other mediums are just now experiencing the kind of multicultural and feminist culture wars that occurred in academic literature in the 60s. A lot, almost all analytic models for fiction in any form occur in literature first. So anyway, it's a very old interest and I think there's a lot of cynicism from literary communities because a lot of folks have been peddling bull shit for a long time, especially the propagandists. That said, most 4chan boards do the same thing that happens here. There are just fewer posters here so I think it's easier to see the loop.Why do you think this is true OP?
because lit is full of SJW
Da bible Here we praise GODYou sound like a hippie and probably satanist
Well fuck off you tumblr /pol/lack sjw nazi! *tips fedora
Are you the guy that trashed for liking YA authors?
complains about posters being repetitivesays overly twiceabsolutely revolting
Because it is full of people who take themselves and their beliefs far too seriously.
Something about literature and literature enthusiast being resistant to change or stemming from the oldest of traditions, I'd guess. I don't know, it just seems really really strange that for a Literary board the community here seems to incredibly- unliterate. Or perhaps I should say not very literary minded. There's a certain, spark or zany intuitive forethought to be said about people who are readers and enjoy literature but it seems completely absent here. Nobody here really likes to read into things or analyze anything, or talk, debate, create or innovate anything in a literate-based way.It's like going to Art School and expecting everyone to be hippies, hipsters, spiritual free birds and all the artsy creative stereotypes you'd accept- only to find everyones wearing suits and painting quietly to monologues of Keynesian economics with the mindset of accountants.It's terribly strange.
here's a certain, spark or zany intuitive forethought to be said about people who are readers and enjoy literatureI think the creativity exists and is evident in the critique threads but I don't think people here are putting off zany vibes and going crazy, no. I'm confused by your examples of hipsters and hippies at art school. Do you simply equate literature with off-the-wall personalities? You would hope to see hippies and hipsters at art school because you think artists should be that way? There isn't enough forced individuality here?
It's like going to Art School and expecting everyone to be hippies, hipsters, spiritual free birds and all the artsy creative stereotypes you'd accept- only to find everyones wearing suits and painting quietly to monologues of Keynesian economics with the mindset of accountants.This is perfect. I'm sure most of the people here are /pol/ looking to troll people.
come back in september when the undergraduates fuck off
Because we're still waiting, in many cases, for the first decent thread on those subjects. No, you see, that zaniness is present in classrooms because they're in a protective space. Here we know that there's a real effort being made to exterminate literature. We're keeping something alive against the evil of the generality, who with any luck will eventually be eaten alive by Islamic State. We hold the line of discipline; we speak a word for order. Of course that leads to an impression of inflexibility, but that's because you're accustomed to and admiring of a suicidal culture.
It's 4chan. The lowest common denominator of the internet. Why are you surprised?
Teenagers.
I get this, but as  said, and as I said, I don't think everyone who reads is that way. Sure, some readers are quirky, but there's a huge long standing tradition of really serious literature that's tough and demanding, etc. /lit/ would like to think it subscribes to this even though most posters are debating whether or not they should pick up a 200 page book.I'm not aware of any boards on 4ch with really good analytic conversations going on. You also seem to be suggesting that reading the canon isn't important which, going back to my first reply, it is and there has been a long and drawn out struggle that I'm sure you're aware of over it.But yes, like /mu/ this is one big argument about people's tastes with the occasional advice thread about reading or writing.
Maybe not always being Zany but, really open-minded, forward thinking and willing to entertain all manner of subjects with sort of unique take. Not in the Tumblrina special snowflake sense, but in one that actually makes people really fascinating to read about and listen to. Ever read an Authors Biography? They all live interesting lives and think pretty novelAdmittedly my School experiences Writing, english, fiction Lit have shaped that image but I just thought it was intuitive. My Highschool English teacher was...really eccentric. I guess I kind of think of Lit-people as huge dorks but just not in the sense of this board.So let me get this straight, people on here "Act" more strict to safeguard literature against those feely snowflake types that want their energetic jimmies out of Lit but don't want to put the brain power and critical thinking into examining it?Is that right?
It's not creatively void, check out this actual discussion going on right now
I did notice a lot of that in the Critique threads. It's just a lot more absent discussing literature and other topics, especially when they veer off towards either Academia or /pol/ tier discussions.
I'm not aware of any boards on 4ch with really good analytic conversations going on./tg/ has a lot of really good conversations, even with things that aren't necessarily roleplay or Fantasy related. It's like people can shut off their opinions there or not take it as seriously because they know it's all just fiction and RP Especially if you're a GM is a long dialog in itself, and requires a lot of listening and compromise.
 So let me get this straight, people on here "Act" more strict to safeguard literature against those feely snowflake types that want their energetic jimmies out of Lit but don't want to put the brain power and critical thinking into examining it? Is that right?No, I meant what I said. It's not about safeguarding against people who enjoy literature but don't want to examine - outside the classroom's bubble, Western civilisation is being broken apart. We are keeping something safe as best we can.
Tbh I hate people that act eccentric and force themselves to perpetually omit an air of mystery and creativity. I think it's a whole load of self-absorbed shit. I bet if you really knew your high school English teacher, you would find that he has real problems and a real life and that, most likely, he puts off that facade to get everyone excited about literature, which is totally fine. Example, the head of my English department at uni does the same shit. Had a class with him on The Aeneid and he was full of enthusiasm and did loud, eccentric readings and I appreciated it for what it was. Sat down with him at a bar the other day and he's a raging alcoholic and his wife left him. Ended up having a great, but real, conversation about Spinoza in which he talked to me like a real person. Perpetuating a zany personality is just a way to keep everyone at a distance IMO
Western civilisation is being broken apartHow so? Academically? Intellectually? Economically?Without going full /pol/-tier explain to me this like you would a 12 year old.
It wasn't just about their zanyness but also how they seemed insightful. We'd read a month or two's worth of topics over a weekend and spend the rest of the time actually really looking into and examining it. The eccentricity was tied in with how that professor tried to gad us into literature, by spouting it off, never stopping questions and sort of forcing it down our throats until we could come to some sort of catharsis with it. Maybe that's what I'm interested in, a Literary foresight into things. People here don't think in really symbolic, artsy fartsy holistic ways. But I do see what you mean. Last I heard, she was pregnant the year after I took her course and was unmarried, and most of her social talk in-class was just about that and her boyfriend. That's why I ended up taking philosophy by some scrub rather than her my Senior year even though she scripted the class.
Tbh I hate people that act eccentric and force themselves to perpetually omit an air of mystery and creativityjesus christ, i bet the few friends you have only speak to you out of pity
Aside from the malapropism I don't see anything wrong with what he said. Affectation is annoying.
1. Academically. People are being robbed of their inheritance, but it's okay because they didn't want it anyway. The great books aren't being read, the new great books aren't being discovered, English and creative writing students read just enough to get by, the latter group quite obviously nowhere near as interested in reading as in being read themselves. 2. All routes into the serious tradition of high culture are headed off by, on the one hand, people who think that only the upper class ought to have access to it, and on the other, people who think all culture is just a delivery system for ideology. Real writing and human communion suffers. 3. Look at what you yourself care about. You don't value literature, do you? You accuse those who are trying to keep the good things alive of 'pedantry', and you think the distinctive feature of literacy is 'zany, intuitive' thinking. No. The distinctive feature of literacy is LITERACY. It isn't only valuable as some kind of token of niceness.
I'm confused. I don't like people that put on airs and pretend to be deeper than they are. I don't think this puts me in the minority
Yikes, what did I misuse?
secondedbeen trying to get a grip here and some open discussions but nopeafter three posts the offtopic flamewar ensues
because it's incredibly naive and immature to assume that anyone who you don't understand is putting on an act you massive faggot
Ah, you raise another important point here.Literature professors try to goad you into literature. Here, we assume that isn't necessary. Speaking personally, I have always hated the tendency in lit classes to break it down real small so the stupid feel included. This is what draws the contempt of STEM students, whose subjects are relatively simple but which are still more rigorous than English now is simply because at some point a level of skill is being tested.
Yup. Too many book snobs here who think you're only allowed to read books that you could write a twenty page dissertation on. Too many people here read books to brag about what books they read. Too many people think a book is trash if you don't spend an hour analyzing each page before continuing.Not enough people here read for fun.
No, it's correct. Most of the people who seem intensely intense in lit classes are either acting the part or mentally ill.
^ There we are, this is what we're fighting all the time, .
I get the feeling you think I'm attacking you personally.
What about the people that enjoy the classics?
Most of the people who seem intensely intense in lit classes are either acting the part or mentally illyou sound 16are you sure you're not just rationalizing your own lack of passion :^
Yes, I'm a 30-year-old published writer.
You don't value literature, do you?I would be lying if I said I did, in the formal definition you're looking for. I'm a huge fan of Literacy and literary subjects, ideas and philosophies but I'm not an adamant reader. To value literature you need to actually READ and cherish it, not just wish to discuss it's merits or literary things for the sake of themselves. I don't have the focus or patience to really read all the things I should so much as perusing the ideas and critiques around them.That's why I'm here I guess. To read about a literary board for people who actually DO love literature, whereas I'm lukewarm at best and apathetic+lazy at worst over it.
Not that anon, but if anyone has been acting 16, it's been you. It's not even close. I can only assume that you're one of those that "perpetuate a zany personality" in order to cover up the fact that you have nothing to say...
it's pretty pathetic you still have this teenage mentality at 30
Oh. I'm kind of a bad person for this place than, hahaha.Since I might be more along the lines of this kind of person ^Don't get me wrong, I love fantasy and personal experiences and reading stuff but, it's more for the ideas and ideological, or characters tied within a story itself. I tend to focus on specific parts but find it hard to get invested in a whole story, maybe because my attention is just bad or whatever.It's not that I don't like ordinary stuff, it's just that I enjoy things that I can analyze, over-think about and put thought into a lot better. If I wanted blind enjoyment I'd watch movies or cartoons or something.
spoken like a true undergraduateyour personality and your intelligence have nothing to do with each other
How would you describe your personality? Where did you go to school?
I'm really glad you were honest enough to say this. I don't think the people here who do care about literature are lacking in that love for it, but they don't put that out as energy to others, no, perhaps because they don't expect there to be many others.
Is this the thread where we do our pleb coming-out?tfw pleb
uoft, friendly
I think there's a lot of lit I could enjoy reading, mostly genre fiction, but it's hard for me to get up the motivation to read through much of anything. Childlike fantasy books like the Moomins or books about supernatural-realism. It seems like the only kind of thing I could seriously enjoy without needing to nitpick and only care about over-analyzing it.But even than it requires I have the motivation to read it so, I just browse here reading other peoples opinions on things.I'm one of those people who would much rather read an Encyclopedia on the Hero's Journey or Assorted Archetypes than stories that actually use and involve those concepts sadly.
I didn't think this at 16, I was one of those people then. I'm not any more because I don't need to be. Seminars are zones of boundless aspiration and doubtful achievement. The tutor is never sure that he isn't wasting his time on these young people, and the class are never sure that they'll ever realize their dreams. So everyone hams.
You seem like a cunt to me. Funny how we perceive ourselves
Then you can see the demolition I'm talking about. You're one of the victims of a specific approach to arts education, it seems to me. You understand literature as a series of templates to throw material into, rather than having a sustained relationship with many works. It's a tough situation, and I don't think people have done all they could to help you, because, again, of that 'everyone's a winner' approach, which means that the only people who really benefit from lit classes now are people who didn't need them and just went to get the qualification.
kek, want to know how i know you have no friends?
books are fun and we should all share our appreciation for them :
I think I see what you mean now, and how it relates to my gripe with this place. I may not read literary fiction, but at the same time I don't see nearly that many people discussing or engaging in depth with the subject of these fictions so much as discussing broad ideals and the viewpoints they represent.That may be why I'm not seeing the kind of mentality I thought I'd see here. People aren't interested enough in being the gatekeepers of literacy or fiction, so long as there are people like me who only want to discuss tropes, templates and ideological bounds in books.It's almost as if people take one look at a book as if it were a work of art, see the frame it was casted on, grind up the artwork into dusty bits and sprinkle them onto the canvas to examine what the effect is! And they're more interested in the reductionism like that rather than the art itself.Or in this case, the narratives of culture and the world rather than, you know, actual narratives, stories within books, only meaning exactly what they mean.
Actually, OP, this right here is perhaps the creativity for which you're looking. I'd never thought of it that way: eccentricity as a means of distancing people. That, in my opinion, is quite original. For what more can you ask? People here are not geniuses though they are, I'd wager, pretty smart. You can expect only bits and pieces of insight here and there. And indeed, that bit about the willfully isolating power of eccentricity makes me kinda want to write something with that as a theme. Doesn't it do the same to you, creative as you presumably are?
tfw you abhor all literature except Borges and Kafkatfw don't even speak german or spanishi'm such a fake
you're wrong, music has always been the litmus test for all the other mediums around it up through the 60s. The problem is that women simply are terrible at thinking musically, and most art music listeners and even album listeners just want to listen to what sounds best. Women can't make music. And thus it was never a problem in music.
Hard to say. It's true that some people use superficial quirks and traits to mask themselves from their true insecurities but even if that's so, isn't that kind of interesting in itself? That you'd go so far as to hide a part of you that you'd take on a persona of pure grandiose, even if farce? Even if it is absorbed and narcissistic I still find it easy to gravitate towards. All genius is fiction, there's always a patronage or backing behind even the greatest of achievements. I don't even consider myself that smart or creative other than that I think intelligence, atleast what I apply relies on being at the right place, knowing the right things, manipulating ideas and distant distraught concepts to appear original and new. That's sort of what putting on that face of eccentricity is to me, who the hell cares if it's "Real" or not. What's real anyway? My criticisms of this place were aimed at what appeared to be most people here interested in absorbing and collecting books, philosophies and knowledge acquisitions but not really caring how to apply them or if they have any practical use.For example, I've been following the Psychology threads here for a bit now. Even used the archive to look what what I was interested in, but there's very little beyond surface knowledge being regurgitated. Psychology, I think is kind of a literary activity in itself, you're just kind of reading people the same way you would over-read a book. So if you asked me, I'd say yes the willfully isolating power of eccentricity is something I'd be interested in. It's just a matter of whether the /lit/erates here would be able to apply that to a narrative or subject that I'd really question, smart as I'm sure most here are.
you're wrong justifies claim by sweeping generalizations Niiice. At least the other anon is coherent
distraughtdid you mean 'disparate'?
Yes, sorry rambling a bit here.
Well, personally, anon, I can't just read "lightly." For me, the page-an-hour style of reading is the only style of reading. But I do think that, if you're reading something at all good, then you'll find those things to analyze and contemplate. It's got nothing to do with bragging rights, and everything, at least in my case, with how I read regardless of any choices I may make in the matter. Sometimes I wish I could read faster, but I just can't bring myself to do so. You miss so very much. "90% reading comprehension" isn't enough - indeed, even 100% isn't enough. For me, there needs to be that meditative aspect, as otherwise it's just a rushed chore and not enjoyable. "Comprehension" to me means much more than merely being able to repeat what you're reading. I'm sure many people here are like-minded.Yes, it absolutely is interesting, but it's not exactly healthy now is it? Perhaps your preconceived archetype of "The Art Student" is also unhealthy.As for the vacuousness of the concept of "authenticity," I'd tend to agree, but I think what anon was describing had less to do with any vaguely-defined notion of "authenticity" and more to do with tangible and detrimental social effects.
isn't that kind of interesting in itself?More pathetic, really. Anyone who has been "that guy" knows it to be so.
Pathetic, interesting, all the same to me.Sometimes tragedy is a form of comedy in itself.And the humors are good for the soul.I suppose not? I was applying that archetype to the dialogue on here and what I expected, you how you go on certain sites and boards and have expectations for the conversations and levels of interest even if you cannot see the person behind the screen? And generally people see this and contribute to a flow akin to what's being discussed. But the dialogues here often seem kind of, flimsy. Definitely abstracted. I don't feel like even if I read a book I liked and wanted to discuss it in depth I could really do that here, unless it was a Manifesto or philosophical treatise of sorts. Discussing stories, from someone who hardly reads them. What a ridiculous thought right?
For most posters here, reading literature is about feeling superior to others.
this
No it isn't, here's what actually happens.1. Some genre fiction junkie reads a hundred books. Feels good about it. 2. They go to /lit/. They find people who read literary fiction, who've probably read fewer titles but would rather do that than read a doorstop a week. 3. The genre fan gets angry and feels like people are looking down on them, even though that hasn't happened.4. Other genre fans trying to cause trouble call the genre fan a 'pleb'. 5. First genre fan uses slim pretext to throw his toys out of the pram.That's all. We'd love to talk about literary fiction with you, but that's what we read. We're not going to get badgered into reading what we don't find interesting, or into shutting up, nor are we going to listen to any of the lies that we know FROM EXPERIENCE are untrue about genre fiction having greater merit than we credit it with. We started there, we moved beyond it. Quit getting sore at us and read something else if you feel so judged, but please understand we aren't offering much judgement, we're too busy reading great books and trying to find people to talk with about them.
Isn't Genre Fiction just code for "Ordinary Book" and Literary fiction here just code for "Books only approved by the Western Canon?"The made up distinction honestly sounds kind of faggy.
It's not made-up. Here's the thing: in your parents' day or earlier, it was understandable to take a defensive attitude to this stuff. But you can now get one of these books as easily as you can get a genre one. There are no barriers. You can educate yourself if you want to. So how come you don't want to?
I don't even read fiction, don't project. I read and come here for philosophy. It still seems to me that many posters here are more interested in feeling that they are a superior, cultured person defending the great books against plebians than in reading works because they find them interesting.
Don't you see that what I described here:  is what is actually happening?Look, seriousness is embattled. You claim to be a serious person, but you want to put us into the cattle trucks too. I'm not joking! The mob is fascist.
So how come you don't want to?Because there are are like a billion million books in existence and hundreds of thousands of new ones every year, and some of those might be good. Why the hell should I read books just because they were specifically approved by a bunch of whiny elitist brits? Granted some of them ought to be good by sheer probability but I don't really care.Why aren't you reading books exclusively approved by Readers Digest or New York times? Why should I subscribe so heavily to the Leftist Academia circlejerk to decide what to read for me? If they recommend I read Plato or Aristoles fuck if I care I'm going to go read Diogenes and Heraclius. Don't tell me what to read, it's a step away from telling one how to think.Those book's were selected by Might. Not on merit.
 I don't really care book'sI believe you.
listen, I don't read literature but lemme tell you what's wrong with your literature board...
Philosophy is literature, but it is not literary fiction. There are plenty of people on here who read philosophy because they want to feel superior, too.
NitpickingI bet you feel so supersmart and superior today huh! Gold star for you anon.
Why are you even here?
by sheer probabilityYeah I think picking one of the classics at random has the same probability of being good as picking a book at random from Amazon. Solid choice of words there. book's Okcomparing Reader's digest to the established canon Good analogyI want you to tell me, honestly, where you heard about this board and how long you have been here
How do you decide if people are doing it to feel superior? What's your method?
this thread is just further proof that the philosophy posters are the source of the cancer and we need a /phil/ to quarantine them with the christfags and teenage deep thinkers.
Without philosophy posters this entire board would be dead besides "John Green is a hack" threads
How do you decide if people are reading literature to feel superior? What's your method?
Oh, nice
I agree. I would purge them to /sci/ where STEM undergrads would tear them a new one.But muuh philosophyyyyyyyyy.Cherising it in 21-st century over science is like using steam engine in a car. You can do it, but there is no valid reason to if you want to get from point A to B in fastest possible time / want to understand the world.

philosophags are the worst
Classic response, "le epic fedora maymay".Christfags=philosofags. Absolutely the same pack of cretins.
*tips fedora*
/lit/ is the only board that makes me laugh
This post is why pure STEMfags will forever sit in the cubicle farm while mixed-education patricians hold the C-suite.
THE BOARD NEEDS A REVOLUTION!!!
what you actually show here is an irritating arrogance, thinking the opinion of dedicated, intelligent 'whiny Brits' is somehow less valid than, or indeed equal to, your own. We are not all swallowing whatever academia feeds us, we are looking for enjoyable, meaningful books just the same as you, but we are simply starting from a more explored base, one that is generally accepted to be of high quality; one doesn't have time to read every book in existence, and there are too many just to start nowhere. You notice once you get into higher levels of academia that scholars have moved away from the established literary canon, and are looking at less explored or reviewed works: they have read a significant portion of what has already been approved, and now, using the skills they have gained, they are branching out into their own interests, the only difference between you an them is the remaining quality of the book. Moreover, what people like you fail to understand is that some of us actually read this 'high literature', I use that term so because I think it's horrible, because we think it is more generally enjoyable than the acceptable standard of writing in the commercial world and the genre fiction world
whatever happened to the daily continental threads? There was some decent discussion there, but recently its all just been shit bait posts and muh whacky christianity threads.
I haven't read past the second book but I'm interested in what lies in the Lands of Always Winter? I haven't found much online but was wondering what some fan theories might be?
I don't know of any fan theories, but I'm sure the hardcore ones each have a different theory, like a kingdom of Earth children or someshit. I'm personally guessing it's just more white walkers.Don't worry about it, though. In the first book, you'll remember Bran has a dream where he looks out towards it and just sees bright white Winter something along those lines, so we already imagine it's just all ice.And GRRM has said that the next two books will take the reader farther North than ever before, so we'll know for sure pretty soon.
Shire.
he havent yet read ASOSIt's the greatest fantasy book ever written. And has much more info about what you are looking for.
Thanks for the great answer!I know but I just don't have the time with university, I'll get around to it.
unchartedthat map looks pretty fucking charted to me tbh
The Thenns must be pretty fucking based for living that far north.
pmt tbh
What does /lit/ think of the Gospel of James?
post more christ-chan
never heard of it, it's probably heretical or something
It's not canon, but it's actually totally in line with Catholic doctrine.
I'm not a theologian. I'm a Buddhist, so I don't know.
If you want more christ-chan there is always /pol/
Thoughts on Oswald Spengler and The Decline of the West?Do you think his predictions have largely come true or is it just 2edgy4me pre-WWI pessimism?only offer critique if you've actually read the book
Also related readings: Julius Evola, Frithjof Schuon, Rene Guenon, Hossein Nasr
the second one
interested in spengler's historical idealismtry to talk about spenglerDO YOU THINK LE NOSTRADAMUS PREDICTED THE HOLOHOAX?? CAN UNCLE FESTER PREDICT THE STOCK MARKET??? tfw
One of the greatest metaphysicians of the 20th century. It's disgustingly accurate and extremely pessimistic because he poses that there's nothing we can do about anything. There isn't any sugarcoating or fake liberal optimism here. He's probably too quaint and not enough of a pessimist in retrospect. One of the best of Nietzsche's progeny.
The decline of the west has become the centrepiece to a new intellectual movement in the right wing. There is something that is showing in evidence even on /lit/, that there is a new thought on society which is quite amazing. I'll argue it from the perspective of the memes which dominate this place.A natural meme is simple, eloquent and conveys a message. "Start with the greeks" for example, has a lot more to it than people think.The reason to start from the beginning is so that you can understand the obscure references, irony tastes and esoteric teachings of the ancient works. Then it becomes quite easy to see them in western works. The meme conveys that and is quite an accurate open secret on /lit/.As for Spengler, it began as a rather small scale /pol/ meme with an intellectual touch. The reason is that he conveys the very feeling which we feel about the decline of our society and gives us an explanation. This also happens to co-exist with other philosophers who seem to carry great pessimism about the decline of society, who are rather rather prominent of /lit/.There is something to this line of thought that is very tempting. It is probably a sign of our "second religiousness" in the sense that everyone has become fascinated with mysticism. Not in the sense of religious devotion, but rather in the possibility of predicting the future, the "cool stuff of science" which is constantly paraded across the internet, the almost prophetical nature of economists in our age and the irrational idealism of the modern state in the form of multicultural, absolute tolerance, endless desire for security, -isms and all that ridiculousness. From that we will see the rise of new religions and in many ways we have.
HEAR THAT?ONLY POST ITT IF YOU HAVE READ THE BOOK AND RELATED READING 
What would be considered the best edition of this book ?The oxford abridged edition - pic related or something else ?
I thinks it's full of amazing facts from history, even if the philosophy in it is pretty out there, someone called it a geological romanticismJaspers I think.
Can someone confirm a possible quote by this man.I've been trying to find it for a while now. It was something like..."There are circumstances in history where a man is born who cannot be stopped" or something like that. Any help would be appreciated.
I dont know but I cant find it on amazon
my heart,my heart acheswho is this angel
whoisthis
Amazon UK has it.
From that we will see the rise of new religions and in many ways we have.People are nostalgic for the absolute. People wanna fill the void left behind by christianity. Nothing's gonna work of course.
my darlingsmeg keg,whoareyou?
"There are circumstances in history where a man is born who cannot be stopped"Hegel?
I'm a professional historian. The only place I see Spengler taken seriously is on 4chan.
He's entirely right, Western society is declining. Nonwhites and women's emancipation are ruining everything.
Academic historian? Figures.For what it's worth, Harold Ramis loved Spengler enough to name Egon the ghostbuster after him.My body is ready for the ivory tower scoff, but his imprint on the popular culture is not nothing.See the Slate article normifying polyamory from yesterday as all the evidence I need that he knew what he was talking about regarding the senile stage of a culture.
is that an inherently bad thing?
I guess that depends on which you value more: A successful society or one where everyone can vote? If you value the successful society, then yes, it is bad. If you value the absolute-emancipation society, then no, it's very good.
abridged editionanon...
you used to Tai Lopez method didn't you
Well fucking said.
Ya dun did good with that summation
I'm not going to scoff at you. It's a Nietzschean interpretation of Western history. But I don't think it's a very interesting one. I think the Geneology of Morals is a better Nietzschean history of the West. If you're interested in a sophisticated "organic" approach to the study of history then read Giambattista Vico.
Have all of these liberated women been putting you in the friend-zone?
A successful society or one where everyone can vote?Interesting you frame it this way because I have personally been thinking that perhaps limiting suffrage might be beneficial; I don't really think we can go back at this point though largely because we lack proper aristocracy/nobility. We'd just be ruled by robber barons, although maybe that would be an improvement, albeit marginal.

jesus, since when does miss moneypenny look like a middleaged mongloid? not that she was pretty to begin with, but still...
This was when Penny eat an entire Toblerone and then drove to Dundee in her bare feet.
It's a shoop, silly
His book is a bestseller.
muh degeneracyright-wing philosophy is for people who can only live in the past
I don't have money to buy this textbook for my history course.Can someone please share a pdf copy of the FULL book PLEASE???What websites are there where I can download free textbooks?I really need this book & I don't have money. Help will be appreciated.
get a job loser
Wtf?! First, you really need to get a small part-time job and pay for your own books/tuition. Second, you really should be asking friends and family for help instead of the internet.Third, that is a terrible choice for a book in World History I course, your Professor should be ashamed for not using Duiker.4th, this thread is in complete violation /lit/ rules and must be reported and deleted.
gen. thread is almost at limit and in this one let's try to keep submissions vs critique at a reasonable equityi'll submit a couple and rate as many as i can
How does meaning play in words? Like a leaf pushed forward by an airy metronome, landing every jump onto some petal, branch, or grass with grace, sliding down from one hill before sliding back up on another. When the wind is rough, entire trees shove at each other, entire branches intertwine, flapping colors back and forth, spirits holding one another as they dance and shove all the way down from their homes to the ground. Somewhere, a river flows.A single breeze sneaks into a village of shrubs. A hum is heard in the blow of the branches. So do a hundred thousand voices pray to autumn, so that she, once mature, hurry off to find the spring.
In redacting the following work, I invoke, with a sincere breast and smile, bearing a humble bow before her, the grace of the angel of plurality. Where I’ve made word out of blood, which courses through earth and veins alike, and is both good and vain in its own right, and is stain-like in its ancestry towards us, and the weight it gives us to bear, I inhale that word of hers, which is left unsaid here, but which will in its closest form to our own blow between my work, as the air of meaning. And to my audience also I’d like, if you’ll allow me, to say that I care, and I do. Though this work may be sometimes silly, and though I’m a silly man myself, I’ll announce it as such, and throw you trumpets and see whether you make music or not. These stories have been transposed here by me out of the world, and are entirely real. Where I've found these, there also are resources, which, imbued with some purpose, will puff up your chest, your oneness with nature, your consensual relationships, your predetermined set of values, and to them I shout nothing at all, and am half-heartedly unaffected. It is on a thick bed of roses that I lie, untouched by the thorns. Don’t I just feel good about myself, and haven’t you heard this lofty voice before?
saved by the bump
tfw  not childmode What can I do to improve
consume lesser beings to absorb their powers
Realize there are enough people in the world as it is. You are talking about breeding, right?
drop acid
What's childmode brah? I might be interested.
Supes ez OP, I just did it last month. Here's what you need to do.realize that you are a contingent beingmake aware the knowledge of the immaterialsatiate the conceptualtranscend the conceptualkill yourselftranscend said contingencyBam! ur done.also somehwere done the line u gotta become a night of faith, not sure where tho. Good luck!
I think he's talking about the "star child" from 2001: A Space Odyssey.
You mean you're now Adult® and you want advice?Try to relax and enjoy the ride. Salvage the best parts of your old childlike nature This may take a while depending on how your teen years went but at the same time take responsibility of your life. Love is from within, so love yourself firstly. Either you become attractive to a mate or you don't, you should sweat it though. I wouldn't have any kids
It really is bloated as fuck isn't it? I remember thinking "did this scene really need to be this long?" during every single scene.
A Nietzschean state which is beyond lion, which is beyond camel.
STEM
It's a flippin' classic, beeotch.A piece of art.
It's only a classic because pretentious film critics called/continue to call it one. Its a self-indulgent, shite movie. Definitely Kubrick at his worst. Almost everything he did before and after it was significantly better.
there is not a single frame wasted in the entire film
Do you not like it's message or did you not get it?His most unconventional and daring work I suppose, but damn fine work. You just can't seem to appreciate it for what it is Or you're a fundie xtain
oh my god! That was amazing to watch.
Yeah, cuz there were thousands of wasted frames.The message is irrelevant when the movie is over two hours long and much of that time is spent on slow moving scenes of people getting from point A to point B.The message loses any impact it may have had because the film is essentially Kubrick jerking off on camera for over two hours.
Nice get.I can't view a webm at the moment, is it safe to assume you all are talking about 2001: A Space Odyssey?
Triple dub dubsWastedLook mac. this going from point A to point B may have bored you, but the space it filled was intentional for the piece. You've grown up knowing only quick-cut action flicks with more relation to comic books. 2001 is a painting in a museum you need to look at for a few minutes at a scene.You get an F
The fact that it was intentional is exactly my point. It added nothing. Even by the most generous standards, every scene could have been at least two minutes shorter and nothing of value would have been lost.
Thanks for answering my question for the other anon, flutterby.You remind me of my friend who hates Forrest Gump and Braveheart.
It added nothingWrong, is what I'm saying. F.See me after class.
Oh. Yes. The webm speeds through the whole film.Braveheart! Hahahaha. Good fiction if slightly corny nationalist. Still love the soundtrack.
I'm not exactly convinced by someone who just keeps saying wrong over and over again. AlsoYou've grown up knowing only quick-cut action flicks with more relation to comic books.Not at all. I've watched plenty of films that were foreign, low-budget, "artsy", or some combination of the three. Very few are anywhere near as bloated as 2001. Claiming to evoke a mood is never a valid excuse for that much bloat.
Claiming to evoke a mood is never a valid excuseYou are not an artist, you're just a couch critic, so it's no wonder you get this wrong.If it's not to your liking it doesn't mean you are right. Give me your favourite films or just go away.
It's only wrong if you cut out the last four words to strip it its context. Though I suppose you could've done that as some ridiculous attempt at proving a point.Scenes that are maybe one or two minutes longer than they could've been might be evocative, but an entire film filled with scenes that are several minutes longer than they could've been is masturbatory.
Post Christian wishlists from AmazonComment on others, offer recommendations for additions or pruning. If you can't post the link, break it up into two linesamazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/1NTHK5AMH0JQ5
bump
What does /lit/ think of Get in the Van?
Umphs has way better songs but it's a good opener.
got the audiobook read by rollins. was awesome. someof those gigs sound terrifying
BACK TO /x] NO ONE WANTS YOU HEREJUST KIDDINGKINDAi ALWAYS LIKED THE DEAD KENNEDYS MORE, BUT THAT'S JUST BECAUSE OF THIS SONG:to keep this /lit/ Michael Azerrad wrote one of the best books on indie rock I've ever read: u cats 3
Old thread's about to archive.New to these genres? Check out these charts for recommendations!Fantasyclass="quote"Sci-Fito consider What SF/F books are you currently readingWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Recent purchases?Upcoming releases you're excited for?What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?
What SF/F books are you currently reading?Against a dark backgroundWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Consider PhlebasWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Banks/BaxterRecent purchases?pic relatedUpcoming releases you're excited for?The Long UtopiaWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Space OperaWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?It was all a dream
I was researching the fantasy genre, specifically High and Low fantasy and came across this from wiki.Critical interpretationsFantasy fiction that acknowledges the real world, low fantasy and portal fantasy, are especially attractive to those who are marginalised by society, particularly female writers[original research?].are there really a lot of female writers that do Low fantasy? It's so sad to hear that female writers are at such a disadvantage in society today.
Continuing random conversation from last thread:Long Sun is the Iliad, Short Sun is the Odyssey.
I especially had never considered Long Sun as similar to the Iliad, though I have seen the Short Sun Odyssey comparisons at least once before. I'll have to give this some thought.Is Silk the analogue to Achilles? And if so, who would be Agamemnon? If we take the real conflict of the Iliad as between Agamemnon and Achilles, does that also fit in with the narrative of Long Sun? Have you read The God and His Man? I think one of the goals of Long Sun is similar to that, in that it explores several ways of government and society before settling upon the same crux that Master Malrubius's teachings rest upon: that the only allegiance worth having is to a higher being. It's been a few years since I've read the Iliad and the Odyssey though so I could be staring this answers right in the face or something. Strangely enough I was planning on rereading the Iliad in a few days, so I might as well just read them both again.
I wouldn't say Achilles vs Agamemnon was the central conflict; it was mainly the 'Rage' of Achilles His beef with Agamemnon was part of it however But that was just what Homer used for his commentary of the idea of Heroism and Honour.
As I was writing it I had some doubts over how central it actually is. I suppose I meant more that the heroism/honor conflict could be viewed most succinctly in the differences between the two characters, that they sort of summarize the whole affair in a way that I can't view the conflict of Long Sun through.I'll probably elaborate some more on it later, after waking up, because I think the different stages that occur throughout the four Long Sun volumes can be matched up at least superficially with many of the usual trappings Wolfe employs.
I spent 10 dollars buying the Kindle version of Starfish just to see its downloadable for free on the author's website. I feel pretty dumb tbh
Cosmerefag reporting in.non-genre booksBut what about hard sci-fi stories from an established author who has a doctorate in Astrophysics?
loves fantasy lurked in the last 2 threads from beginning to endOP starts this thread with leper R DonaldsonFuck off with that book.
Just finished the dune seriesthe last 2-3 books were rather underwhelming I was considering starting the foundation series soon, but might step away from sf/f books for a while and catch up on some essential lit/meme core
Is there anything like it at all? Really dug the whole 'iron-age thousands of years after the end' thing it had going. Don't really care about plot or action, just want something that elaborates on how societies have developed over time.
I'm a huge fan of Greg Egan, he's written the hardest sci-fi I've ever read. Clockwork Rocket, Schild's Ladder or Incandescence are probably up your alley.Wikipedia say's he's got a B Science in Mathematics, so take that as you will.
Nothing compares to RW. I got a bit of a fix reading Clockwork Orange and Trainspotting but that was just for the interesting uses of language.
Book of Dave is kinda similar in the vaguest sense.
The Wake by Paul Kingsnorth has similar phoentic, "slang"-heavy prose. Just finished it the other day, I'd recommend it even if it's a bit dull at times.
Please switch up the questions each thread OP. The first question is really the only one worth keeping every time.
What's the best modern sci fi you have read? Written in the last ten years as an example.I went through the picture in the op and most under the modern catagory are still quite old.
Tough one. I'd say probably Windup Girl, it's not the best sci-fi I've ever read but most of the stuff I read is from 1990.
Are the Black Company books any good?
it was all a dreamUsed to read sword-up magazine?
Could anyone recommend me some really hard sci-fi? I like Clarke a lot but I'm looking for something more sciencey
Yeah, I'm trying to find good sci fi that's recent but i'm struggling. Most of it sounds really boring.
I was asking that anon's opinion on authors who fit the criteria I listed. Sorry if it was confusing.
Does anyone know of any fantasy series with elves and dwarves and all that generic shit but told from the perspective of like an elf that isnt one of those fucking tree huggers that hangs out with humans and isn't spewing poetry every second. Or some dwarf that doesn't dig and live in a mine.
Morgan and Gawain up at the round table?
Now Lancelot and Gawain are both fucking my queen?
Death Gate Cycle has elves and I think dwarves that don't conform to standard stereotypes but they don't exactly have perspectives in the context that I believe you want.Regardless, it's a fucking good series.

Anyone? I'm thinking about buying them
They're excellent. Get the omnibuses.
So, did i do good /lit/?
eww
What's your favorite sci-fi of the last five years or so? Anything mind-blowing come out? Additions or starts to big series?
save yourself the time, the black company is shitno
Best adventure/S&S books with a female protagonist?
i just read asimov's Caves of Steel and The Naked Sun and i was wondering if anyone had read the rest of the books in the series? it's just that after reading both those 2 they were essentially the same book and i'd rather go for something different. maybe the original robot shorts?
Under rated post super Nintendo Sega genesis.
Just about to finish up with Bolo!. Once that's out of the way I'm gonna go raid the local bookstore and see if I can find The Fall of Hyperion.
What is bolo? I've heard about an old computer game...
Bolo! is a collection of novellas about the titular Bolos, which are sentient battle tanks.They're surprisingly heartfelt for stories about giant, futuristic tanks.
none of Peter Watts' works are in the sci fi recommendation listAt the very least Blindsight should be on, if not that and Starfish.
Hey General, what are some fantasy stories where a pretender to the throne of a kingdom has to be kicked off by the rightful heir? I'm sure there are tons, but don't know any titles.
well there's always that series written by that fat man in the suspendersan amusement of chairs or something i think
Not really what I had in mind. I'm looking for the sort of stories that would've inspired that.
i like books like enders game and lord of the ringsany advice on what i should read next?
Check out the NASA trilogy by Baxter, it can be read in any order. If you like geology start with moonseed.
I really liked dune but am not liking its sequel so far. Should I continue or read something else? If so, what?
Yes, you should read them.
Opinions on Kevin J. Anderson?
Reading Liveship at the moment and just waiting for it to end. It's not bad, but I'm only reading it as a gateway from Farseer to Tawny Man.I've got three sci-fi books sitting on my shelf after I finish. Which one?Canticle for LeibowitzThe DispossessedLord of Light
Altered Carbon by Richard Morgan and, if you like it, the next two Kovacs booksBrasyl by Ian McDonaldAlso:The Gone-Away World by Nick Harkaway is one of my favourite novels.Haven't read Weeks but his shit always looks awfully entry-level to me. Like the kind of thing you would read before even Jordan or Sanderson.Liked God's War by Kameron Hurley, have yet to read the others in the series.The Half-Made World by Felix GilmanMost high fantasy novels ever. But specifically:Farseer Trilogy by Robin HobbHalf a King by Joe AbercrombieLyonesse by Jack Vance had this, I thinkThe Long Prince Quarter by Daniel Abraham had something along those linesI preferred Liveships to the Fitz books all up. Good work reading them in order, I read Tawny Man before it and there's a major fucking spoiler in there.Lord of Light.
Canticle For Leibowitz was a great read
Farseer TrilogyThose are those books with the kid named Fitz that has everything bad that could possibly happen to him, happen, right?I liked the worldbuilding but holy shit when all that awful stuff happened and they got to the third book and he was hit with a double whammy of the magic tea he'd been drinking had completely stunted his magic and the bit where his dog-partner shows up and all his friends stare at him like he's a monster I was just like "holy shit does the author have a fetish for this?"
What SF/F books are you currently readingCurrently reading The Iron Council by China Mieville. His political interests obviously left a huge mark in his writing with this book. It's alright so far, but no Perdido Street Station or The Scar yet. I'm guessing it'll explode near the end though and rank up there with the rest.What SF/F books have you read this year?Memories of Ice - Steven EriksonTime of Contempt and Baptism of Fire - Andrzej SapzowskiAbaddon's Gate - James SA CoreyThe Last Command - Timothy ZahnThe Lord of the RingsWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Glen Cook for getting me into the Fantasy genre.Steven Erikson for firmly keeping me there.Recent purchases?Nothing lately, but once I'm finished with Iron Council I'm re-reading The Black Company Chronicles and Books of the South, then getting the last two Black Company omnibuses.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Got nothing so far.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Military fantasy and non-traditional fantasy.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Too pleb to answer this.
I never read Sci-Fi, but picked up Snow Crash and am getting it started. I'm really loving the prose. Am I doing it right?
What SF/F books are you currently readingJonathan Strange and Mr. NorrellWhat SF/F books have you read this year?None.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Roger Zelazny, Isaac Asimov, Joe Abercrombie, GRRMRecent purchases?None.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Queen of Fire by Anthony RyanWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?For SF I really like far flung future stuff like The Last Question by Asimov or For A Breath I Tarry by Roger Zelazny, for fantasy I'm down for anything.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Monty Python and the Holy Grail
What are the best books by Fritz Leiber? and other similar books with thieves and stuff like that?
Is Mirrorshades worth reading or is it fedoracore?
Never read this but "Sentences of Death by John BrunnerThe Face of Chaos by Lynn AbbeyThe Gate of the Flying Knives by Poul AndersonShadowspawn by Andrew OffuttThe Price Of Doing Business by Robert AsprinBlood Brothers by Joe HaldemanMyrtis by Christine DeWeesThe Secret of the Blue Star by Marion Zimmer Bradley""Joe Haldeman"I think you should give it a try
Yep, that one.Yeah Snow Crash is good stuff.The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch.
Thanks, i already read it and really liked, dunno if i will read the sequels cause everyone is saying they're not as good as the first and i already have a lot of things to read.
Yes
I read the 2nd and was unimpressed. Well, the stuff in the city was good but the stuff at sea was shit. Heard worse things about the 3rd.
eh, it's a pity, the first one was really funny and i loved all the character and setting.
Eh, you may enjoy the second. As I said there's some great "heist" type stuff in the city half of the book, but there's a whole sea excursion which takes up the middle of the books with two annoying as fuck strong women stereotype characters who did my fucking head in.
Self-bump for you niggas who are interested in recent hard sci-fi, or we could even discuss it for the few of you who have read them.
I'm currently reading Shadow of the Torturer, enjoying it a lot mainly for the atmosphere but was Wolfe by any chance influenced by Meryvyn Peak? The descriptions of the castles, how bleak everything is and how ritual focused people are remind me so much of Gormenghast.
it's possible.but the descriptions of castles and the rituals all serve another purpose as well.
Wouldn't surprise me if Wolfe had a little bit of Peake in his writing, but far as I can twll his biggest influences are Jack Vance the setting Proust nature of memory amd Borgeshow one interprets myth
Not that anon but what are the best books by Vance and Borges?
I've only read Labyrinths but I thought it was pretty good, I occasionally re-read some of the stories in there quite often, no idea about Vance, I was interested in buying Tales of the Dying Earth myself.
tales of the dying earth by vance and collected fictions of borges
Would you guys recommend the Dangerous Visions anthology?
yeah it has a lot of good stuff in it
What are some good books around robots?I want a good book about a robot.
have you read anything by isaac asimov?
I read the first three Foundation books, but I heard the final book is a trainwreck.
Lyonesse by vance and Ficciones by Borges
read Tawny man firstwhat the fuck is wrong with you?
This was over a decade ago and I had only just got into fantasy. Hobb was literally my 2nd author I moved onto after Tolkien. I didn't research or get suggestions for books online at that time - I just finished Farseer and saw that Liveships was in the same world but didn't have Fitz, so figured I could move onto Tawny Man. Read the first Tawny Man book then jumped back to Liveships to work out what the fuck I had missed.Now I am but a broken soul who can do little other than steer today's wayward youth away from the same mistakes I made.
so i've been checking out all kinds of sci-fi and i just can't seem to pick one and go. i just read asimov's I, Robot and a couple of the other robot books and i could keep going with them but i'm more in the mood for something different. here's what i got so far, some i've checked out and some i just threw in 'cause the title seemed neat.2312 - Kim StanleyA Canticle for Leibowitz - Walter M. MillerAccelerando - Charles StrossDownbelow Station - C.J. CherryhSoldier of the Mist - Gene WolfeTau Zero - Poul AndersonThe Algebraist - Iain M. BanksThe Diamond Age - Neal StephensonTimescape - Gregory BenfordWhen HARLIE Was One - David Gerroldwhat do you think? anything jump out as interesting? i'm big into AI, machines, study of motives and other philosophical stuff
Try Cherryh and tell us what you think.
What's a good science fiction series with a huge, realized world, interesting characters, and an exciting plot, that is popular enough that I could easily find as an audiobook, since I want this to listen to while I work out?
Is Sanderson good? I know he's popular, but that doesn't always mean good. I was thinking of reading the Stormlight Archive.
I haven't read any of those but I have 2312 and A Canticle on the to-read list, whatever that's worth to ya.
Tau Zero was great in concept, disappointing in execution.
well i started on Tau Zero, read about 20%, saw nothing interesting and dropped it. now i'm about 10% through with The Algebraist and it seems promising, very grand and i like the multiple stories that may or may not be more or less intertwined.
I am really into Sanderson at the moment.I enjoyed both stormlight archive books. Just be warned he has a lot more of those books planned and he is going to take about 3 or so years in between each book. So it will be a very long time until the story is finished.I also liked his mistborn series. I am in the process of re reading them and picking out details and foreshadowing i missed the first time around. All in all, i don't think it will be a waste of time to at least try out Sanderson. Stormlight archive is a fine place to start.
So what is up with Malazan Book of the Fallen?I started reading the first book and got about halfway through, then one day i just didn't pick it back up again. It seemed like there were 5 or 6 different plots going on at the same time, innumerable characters, and magic that made no sense.When i started the book i felt like i accidentally started reading halfway through instead of at the beginning. The feeling only got worse as i continued. I guess i just couldn't be bothered at the time.I just keep hearing people push this series. Should i give it another go?
Currently reading:I guess it's sci-fi:Acceptance by Jeff Vandermeer, last part of the Southern Reach Trilogy.About halfway through and really enjoying it. In fact, I've enjoyed all of the books so far. Engaging page-turners with the themes worked in intelligently unknowable truth, paranoia, the effects of death on the living, nobody being trustworthy or stable.Authority is probably my favorite so far. It's slower than the other two, but I loved the setting and the main character, Control. Just a flawed, regular guy trying to do his best with an extremely shitty situation. Trying to contend with the impossible. I liked that a lot. He reminds me of the protags of the more cynical New Hollywood films.Favorite Authors:Dick, Asimov, Lovecraft. All the old standbys, basically. Also enjoyed the shit out of Ron Curry Jr.s stuff particularly Everything Matters.
I've heard the first book is a slog and then starting with book 2 it's amazing, but you shouldn't skip book 1 because plot.
Agreed, currently finishing up the second book in the series and I'm thoroughly enjoying it.
They're a mixed bag. I read the first four books and while I generally enjoyed them, I have never had an urge to pick up the fifth book and doubt that I will ever continue the series.
Nah he said he's now aiming for one SA book every two years
Tau Zero was pretty good. It was about character development, more than anything. Revelation Space.
I recently read a book called blood song I loved it
Get book 2, 3 will be out soonAnthony fucking Ryan.
You burned your money.
Why do people in this thread read so much trash? Or is that just for occasional fun?
it's not really exclusive to the thread, pal
What SF/F books are you currently readingJust finished the first Hyperion book been meaning to read it for ages and starting the second.What SF/F books have you read this year?This year so far... The Three Body Problem good first 3/4, wtf last 1/4, The Long Way To a Small Angry Planet fun I guess, and the two Imperial Radch books out so far Justice was slow, Sword was much better. Plus Hyperion intense and meh by turns.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?EhhhRecent purchases?Kindle copies of what I'm reading, pretty much.Upcoming releases you're excited for?The next Imperial Radch book, I guess. I don't really know what the hell would be a satisfying end to Breq's story, though.Also, I just read this preview for Locked In... haven't previously been a Scalzi fan but it was damn good: class="quote"What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?EhhhhWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?I like the one where he's an aardvarkFuck yes, love the Southern Reach. Not many authors could leave that many question hanging without making me mad.
Eh I'm bored why not.What SF/F books are you currently readingReading Dune for the first time. I'm enjoying it immensely, although is it true that only the first 3 books are good considering how it was envisioned as a trilogy?What SF/F books have you read this year?I read Gardens of Moon. Hated the shit out of it.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Dan Simmons.Recent purchases?Bough the first 5 books of the Wheel of Time from a yard sale for like 10$. Gonna check 'em out after Dune.Upcoming releases you're excited for?Nothing really, so many shit I need to catch up first.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Probably high fantasy.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Gonna go vanilla but I'm gonna say "Once and Future King".
Bough the first 5 books of the Wheel of Time[tugging intensifies]
I just keep hearing people push this series. Should i give it another go?Don't. It's not worth it. To quote myself and another anon from /tg/:The Malazan series is...difficult. It doesn't hold your hand and explain things, in fact it sometimes feels like Erikson is deliberately concealing things from the reader because he expects you to deduce things from hints he sprinkles through the books.Let me put it this way: Erikson teaches a writing class where people have to write a story about two guys in a room with a corpse. The trick is that you have to write the story so that you never outright mention the corpse either in description or dialogue.Nevertheless, the astute reader is supposed to be able to work out that you have placed a corpse you aren't mentioning in the room.That's pretty much how the entire series is written.Which is pretty much why I gave up on the series by the time he pulled a THIRD continent out of his ass.The whole series feels like homework. Like you need to read it 5 times, have detailed maps of the worlds stapled on your walls and taking notes of all the shit that's happening all the while Erikson makes it INCREDIBLY difficult to keep track of shit that's happening on the pages. And on top of that his writing itself feels really dry.Like for all the shit /tg/ gives Jordan for his braid pulling and fillers at least he hada very fun, descriptive style so that you always feel immersed in the world, while Erikson feels like he's constantly going "What up faggot you want to know about my world, go fuck yourself I ain't telling shit!".Really don't like that series.
banks in general is fucking brilliant.whenever i'm lost for something to read on a plane journey or something, i just read one of his culture novels.only got 2 left though so need to find a new series to fill this important role.
i like the lighbringer seriesbut the third book is fucking shit, worthless filleri kid not, it opens with main guy in a prison and ends with him in prison, nothing fucking happenedi hate when authors do this, squeeze in one more book into trilogy for the monies
three book series turned into a four book seriesNOW a trilogy
Night AngelDoes this get any good? I read the first 50 pages but just found it silly how edgy the story was trying to be.
First 50 pages are actually only good part of entire triligyNot even trying to joke here
Yeah well try being a Wheel of Time fan and reading the books as they were coming out.hey I have this super simple story that can be wrapped up in 4 to 5 books. I know let's DRAG IT THE FUCK OUT WOO WOOO 20+ BOOKS HERE WE COOOO *huuurgh dead*
Is Book of the New Sun good for new reader?
what's your favorite culture novel?
No.
New read of scifi, or just a new reader in general?
I guess this is the right thread to ask...I want to start reading Discworld. What are the best ones to purchase to start with?
Guards Guards Guards
Latter
Start from the beginning!
No.
I think it was more common in the US during the height of the civil rights movement. Outside of that context I can't say whether that statement is true or not, though.
What if I've been reading for 23 years, and read quite a bit of sci-fi as a kid, but haven't read a lot lately aside from college coursework I'm still a student because of some medical shit I won't go into; it's handled now?
Have you read Borges? Are you familiar with Plato's theory of forms? Have you read jack Vance? The Bible? South American mythology? Are you well versed in the trappings and cliches of both fantasy and science fiction, especially works written before 1965?I'm overselling it to an extent. There's a lot to The Book of the New Sun, but most of it is hidden beneath a fairly accessible narrative. But it's still not really a good place to start, even if you've read for as long as you have.
Then yeah, go ahead.
Borges?No.forms?Yes.Vance?No.The Bible?Yes.South American mythology?Very little.trappings and clichesA bit.Kay.
Yeah, you'll just miss a few allusions, no big deal.
WHAT ARE THE BEST MILITARY SCI-FI BOOKS?PREFERABLY ONES WITH POWER ARMOR
Eh, you'll probably be fine then. As I said, the superficial story is really engaging so many of the finer points are completely missed on the first reading. And it does need to be read several times to fully understand a lot of it. So go ahead.
Haven't really read many. Age of Zeus by James Lovegrove is kinda fun.
Its advanced.
One doesn't need to completely understand it to enjoy the surface story.Other stuff referenced:Moby DickFrankensteinKing Arthur
Yeah that's why I said I was overstating it. I think a lot of the enjoyment comes from knowing what's being referenced where but the story itself is also really captivating and interesting. I had forgotten completely about the reference to Frankenstein. That was a good part.
Stephen Donaldson's only real claim to fame is the fact that the only protagonist people even remember him writing was shown as a rapist early on in the book
Just started the wheel of time a couple days ago. Normally I don't read alot of high fantasy, but found the first five books at a thrift store. So I decided to buy the first one to see if it's any good. A day later I'm 500 pages in and had to run back to the store to get the other four.I tried reading the Lord of the rings but could never get through it. I never cared one bit for any of the characters. It's the total opposite for the wheel of time. I know in the later books has a lot of filler and drags a bit. What book does that start?
after book 5 or so it drags on and on. it gets better after sanderson picks it up. i have no clue how, but sanderson actually managed to give the series a decent ending and tied up almost all of the loose ends and storylines out there. im glad i read the entire series but in the middle there it really drags. get ready for a lot glares, braid pulling, and skirt smoothing.
A day later I'm 500 pages in and had to run back to the store to get the other four.I like to imagine that you literally did run there.I know in the later books has a lot of filler and drags a bit. What book does that start?Probably around number 6.
Honestly if I had to I probably would have. I stayed up most of the night reading. It was like I was a kid getting into a new book. That's hard to come by after reading so many different series over the years.
Anything by Aaron Dembski-Bowden with the exception of Emperor's Gift which was awful. Dan Abnett's Iron Snake Trilogy is enjoyable.The Old Classic is Starship Troopers, but I personally never cared for.I enjoy Nick Kyme's Salamander series but that's a personal preference.
Helsreach by Aaron Dembeski Bowen
What did you like about them?Enders Game - non-retaded Mil-SFThe Forever WarThe Mote In God's EyeThe Lord of the Rings - Epic FantasyThe Worm OurobourosLyonesse
DON'T start with the begging. The prose wasn't very good until Pratchet god hold of his own style and developted it. I started with Mort myself and I had no problem in either follow it or loving the shit out of it.
The series becomes borderline unreadable from book 6 till book 11.Crossroad to Twilight is infamous for the fact that it literally 800 pages of absolutely fucking nothing happening and "something might happen in the next book so stay tuned".If you can force youself to slog though it you'll do fine, but if you start to get bored just read the wiki or something or get the audio books until you get though the bullshit period and into the final 4 books which are pretty good.
I say start with guards guards and then only read the watch books, because they are the best.
I seem to recall a book that covered only like 3 days and fuck all happened apart from Rand teleporting around talking to people.
Dune sequelsDrop it if you can't finish it. You either like them or you don't, and they won't get better. Try Lord of Light or The Dispossessed.He's a hack. Yes, but be warned that Stephenson is probably the worst professional author around at writing endings. It's worth it. Very 80s, but in a good way.Yes. Try to avoid the SF Masterworks if you can you might not if you want a physical copy, they used some weird cheap lamination method for the cover that peeled off immediately and the binding sucks for a trade paperback.Dune
Is it true that Dune was meant as a trilogy and that all books after the third one is just asspulls?
He's a hack. Elaborate?
It's absolutely true.
So if I liked the first two books, do I read the third one and call it quits, or is it worth reading them till the end?
If you liked the first two you'll like them all cause it's all the same escapist garbage tbh
its not good, periodits one of those titles you should only reach for if you already read everything else and have nothing to do
only the books about the guards and moist are worth your time, rest can be easily skipped oh and dont read them in order, some are really, really fucking bad
 Lord of Chaos, A Crown of Swords, The Path of Daggers, Winter's Heart, Crossroads of Twilight and Knife of Dreams could've EASILY been one book.That's almost 5000 pages worth of fucking nothing that could've easily been one 1000 pages book. Fuck COT has SO LITTLE story it could've been ONE CHAPTER of a book.I keep saying it, but WOT need a re-write. The first 5 books are good but everything after can easily be condensed into 2 books without losing any of the important story detail and end up with a much more enjoyable series in the end.
Armor by John Steakley.
Try God emperor as well, it's as good as the first three, in my opinion. Heretics and chapterhouse aren't any good.
Started reading this recently. I'm really digging her writing style.
Forgot my pic.
Questions to consider What SF/F books are you currently readingNemesis games by SA corvey. It's OK I guess. What SF/F books have you read this year?All the laundry files by Charles strossThe eshaton series by Charles strossRapture of the nerdsBook of the new sunIllium/olympos Revelation space seriesAgainst a dark background by Ian m banksA bunch of culture novels by Ian m banksSeveneves by Neal stephensonWho are your favorite SF/F authors?William Gibson, Neal Stephenson, Alistair Reynolds, heinlein, and gene wolfeRecent purchases?Nemesis games, seveneves, the star fractionUpcoming releases you're excited for?The end of all things by John scalzi. Sometime in august. It's in the old man's war universe. What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?New space opera, cyberpunk, and hard space fiction. Three way tie. What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Dude what. I really liked the once and future king. Haven't read into them beyond that. 
revelation spaceMy nigga. Alistair Reynolds is in my opinion the best writer of the new space opera. I mean the man used to work for the ESA for crying out loud. Revelation space is god tier, pushing ice is good, house of suns is meh, and terminal world is great in a pulpy kind of way. Just read slow bullets and it was mediocre. His new series about the space Africans is garbage. Still going to buy it though. God I wish he'd get back to the RS universe. May sky Hausmann bless you my friend.
I read the zones of thought series by Vernon vinge a while ago and I fucking loved it. Children of the sky was a bore tho. Anyone know if he is planning on writing any more in the series?
Against a dark background is my favorite Ian m banks novel. And consider phlebas is tied with use of weapons for my favorite culture novel. next Novel you should read is use of weapons by IMB
Try a deepness in the sky by Vernon vinge. It's more space opera than anything but it focuses on the development and decline of cultures over time.
Thanks anon!
I'm very slowly reading Pushing Ice right now.I wish he'd get back to RS, too. He's said in his FAQ that he would like to but it's been almost a decade since his last RS novel.
Just bought this on AmazonIs it good?
Doing Couch to 5klistening to Stormlight Archive while I runYou guys, we can get /fit/ and indulge in our nerdy shit at the same time.
Is Prince of Thorns worth a read?
recommendationspictureforants.jpgwhy?
yes, but dont take it seriously
They're large for me. I think it's on your end
you know, your mouse pointer turns into a magnifying glass for a reason
Vinge has said he wants to thus probably is writing two more novels in that universe.
He's pretty good at descriptive prose but completely clueless when dialogue and characters are concerned. He makes a good setting and then pisses it away. He's also a weak plotter, the ending to Starfish is laughable.
Great book. He's said that he wants to return to that universe as well, and there's plenty of room for sequels at the end of the book, but RS is by far is best book. I hope he cranks out a dozen more novels before he croaks.
I saw the trailer. Not sure why download and start reading, i'm at 15%~, pretty ok so far, more like survivalist guide than sci-fi I guess. I'm not usually the type of the guy who read this kind of shit but it is enjoyable how ''light'' it is.
filename
Are those charts for ants?Also, why does it seem like modern fantasy is moving away from young protagonists? Old protagonists make me feel like I've been dropped into the middle of a story already going on. What SF/F books are you currently readingReading Pandora's Star and His Magesty's Dragon.What SF/F books have you read this year?Spin and The Ocean at the End of the LaneWho are your favorite SF/F authors? J. V. Jones, Neil Gaiman, and Lev GrossmanRecent purchases?Pandora's StarUpcoming releases you're excited for?The next Sword of Shadows book, whenever Jones stops being a cunt and finishes it.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Low fantasyWhat are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Ancient Aliens
we've already answered thisthe charts are not for ants, your mouse becomes a magnifying glass for a reason
Can someone point me towards a book that's like either of the following?urban fantasy/sci-fi with intricate mythology must not take place in a traditional sword-and-sorcery fantasy worldora blend of quantum physics and fantasy where the author clearly knows a reasonable amount about bothbonus points if the setting is noir because I'm genre fiction trash
for urban fantasy i guess perdido street station is good enoughi have no idea about which noir has 'intricate mythology'
I finished the Malazan Book of the Fallen series and thought it was pretty good, but I didn't read any of the other stuff besides the 10 main books. Should I just start with Night of Knives or is there a recommended order?
So like, other than Dune what are some Sci-Fi series set in universes similar to Star Wars more elements of Fantasy and the Mystical and less of a focus on technology
C.S. Lewis's the space trilogy is full of the mystical and magic, fantasy without technology. the only criteria is doesnt meet is a big universe full of planets, it's got the solar system at best, and if you don't like christian undertones, you won't like it
I'm not an antitheist so thats fine.
Actually that's the one I've just read. I loved it, but I love dragons too.Well I got The Colour of Magic too so I guess I'll continue with it now. Maybe it won't be as good as Guards but at least I know it's not the best.Which ones are really bad? I purchased Colour of Magic, Guards Guards, Wyrd Sisters and Raising Steam and then I found out it's the last one, lol.
He's a technically competent but unimaginative professional author who makes a living churning out large quantities of formulaic mediocre-to-bad novels.Maybe some of his stuff is decent, but frankly the incompetence of his Star Wars tie-in novels put me off of him when I was in junior high, his Dune "sequels" are universally derided by anyone that knows how to read, and my time is too valuable to me to go searching for quartz in a pile of KJA's dreck.
I needa read dat book now
Try Vance. Demon Princes and Dying Earth.
I don't know shit about quantum physics so I can't really help you with that.For the first two, I guess The Book of the New Sun and Richard Morgan's A Land Fit For Heroes may suffice, but maybe not. Both are a bit of a blend of sci-fi and fantasy in that they are set mega far in the future.
Haven't read them but usually for any series going with the order in which they're published is for the best.
What SF/F books are you currently readingJust finished The Liar's Key an hour ago so I have to choose my next one now. Honestly I have a itch to read some more Murakami next but theres a lot of SFF waiting as well. I'll probably do Ender's Game next. Besides that The Black Company has been waiting forever on my shelf and I should probably read a few of the Dune sequels before I forget too muchWhat SF/F books have you read this year?Dune, Elantris, The Great Book of Amber, Promise of Blood, The Crimson Campaign, The Autumn Republic, The Liar's KeyWho are your favorite SF/F authors?Zelazny, Mark Lawrence, Peter S BeagleSmall list but I haven't read multiple books of many authors honestly. GRRM and Rothruss are both faggots well, GRRM is just lazy I suppose and my feelings on their series soured over the years, Scott Lynch could easily go the same way as those two, Abercrombie is good but I don't exactly love him, Hobb I don't really care for outside of the Fitz books. Some others like Grossman aren't worth mentioningI still haven't tackled some giants like Asimov and LeGuin, and I've been too intimidated to start Wolfe so there's hope I find a new favorite in there. Sanderson as well I have a feeling might become a favorite Upcoming releases you're excited for?I have Blood Song and the two Django Wrexler books that I won in a giveaway The Thousand Names and the other I forgot the name of sitting waiting for the final books to be released so I can read each series in one go. Both are being released early next month so I suppose I'm excited about that. Hyped for The Thorn of Emberlain late this year. I wouldn't say I'm "excited" for Robin Hobb's next one but more anxious and hopeful it's not as bad/disappointing as Fool's Assassin wasWhat is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Most of what I've read falls into high/epic fantasy I suppose although I don't exactly seek it. I've enjoyed the small amount of military fantasy I've read quite a bit
I started reading The Martian and it's a fairly surprising case of plot taking over the prose completely. It reads like a book written by popular science youtuber that's done some research into biotech. I can imagine his daily vlogs getting slew of upboats on ribbit science boards.
Black Company has excellent first book, two next books are very good and then a more noticeable fall in quality and concept. Wolfe is the only great author that ever wrote fantasy. Not much to be intimidated about. Ender's Game is a smart book and if you know how Dota works you might find some interesting parallels in game design.
Books similar to this?Ah, where can i get this edition?
I'm looking for a fantasy novelBut i don't want any of that knights and honor stuff, like LotR and ASOIAFBasically something that doesn't remind me of the medieval eraAny good ideas?
Similar style:Joe Abercrombie's First Law trilogyThe Steel Remains by Richard MorganThe Grim Company by Luke ScrullThe Adamantine Palace by Stephen DeasThe Tome of the Undergates by Sam SykesStories about two buddies who are rogues/thieves that get caught up in deadly adventures? Try Fritz Leiber's Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser stuff.Yeah loads. Can you be more precise?
For example urban fantasy, where it's a modern setting but there just happens to be a monster or somethingCould also be something from like the tribal ages, but not between medieval and industrial revolution or futuristicAlso, i like monsters, especially if they've taken inspiration from real-life myths or somethingIf you have something about a wendigo, or a goatman, or some other mad shit, i guess that would be cool
trying to come up with names for a fantasy novelSeriously just kill me now.
The Last Werewolf by Glen Duncan is really good.What about historic stuff that's not euro-centric? Daniel Fox's Books of Stone and Water are based on feudal China and are underrated as tits.
Thanks a lot m8
Go and read you some Larry Niven.
hey m8s, where does Islands in The Net place as far as cyberpunk literature go? Is it more Snow Crash or Necromancer?As far as urban fantasy goes Kraken by China Meiville's pretty good; Egyptian labour unions, squid death cults, cockney assassins and some other weird shit all intermingling in London. Meiville's prose is a bit obnoxious tho imo, it tries too hard to be pulpy and weird in a lot of places.Maybe Nine Prices of Amber or Hyperion for you second request? Can't really think of anything like it though.How is it? Premise sounds decent but I've heard iffy things about it.Cheers bro, I'll have to add it to my list then.
No probs. Small disclaimer, I wouldn't necessarily recommend any of those books outside of Abercrombie and Morgan, although I haven't read Tome of the Undergates yet. They're just all written in that same modern, gritty, sometimes comedic style as Lynch with lots of fighting and swearing and fucking.Also maybe China Mieville's Perdido Street Station for a story with monsters in a non-medieval setting.
Not the first guy you were talking to, but these days its Surface Detail. It used to be Use of Weapons, the one I'm pretty sure most would agree is the best, but Surface Detail is just a little bit more fun.
ah, always me, what book of the Sword series from Leiber should i read?They're standalone so i dont know if it's worth reading all of them
What kind of era does Last Werewolf look like?Non-euro i guess is alright, might even accept some early 1900s of americaWhat's Perdido Street Station and Stone and Water about?
What SF/F books are you currently reading?None, my reading habits are not SF/F exclusive.What SF/F books have you read this year?Creatura, The Stars My Destination, A Search for the King.Who are your favorite SF/F authors?Asimov, Banks, Zelazny, Tolkien, Anthony.Recent purchases?Creatura, The Stars My Destination, A Search for the King.Upcoming releases you're excited for?None. I'm pretty much all after market or used.What is your favorite subgenre of SF/F?Post-apocalypse.What are your favorite interpretations of the Arthurian Legends?Twain's.
basically world of darkness with flashbacks to romanticism.perdido street station is about a city, genetic ingeneering, 'weird' fiction and hamfisted marxist views on how best to run a society.
I haven't read them but The First Book of Lankhmar is probably a good place to start.Last Werewolf is modern day. It's urban fantasy/horror.Perdido Street Station is mainly about a scientist, his insectoid girlfriend and his birdman warrior best mate who unwittingly create some nightmare-moths that they then need to try and figure out how to catch and destroy. Best part of this book and the sequels is the world building. There's some interesting as fuck ideas in there.Stone and Water is, plot wise, fairly standard fantasy fare about a deposed Emperor and a cast of characters such as fisher girl who becomes the Emperor's concubine, a slave boy who befriends a dragon and a village kid who accidentally becomes super powered. It's mainly memorable for it's gorgeous prose and Chinese rather than European inspiration, and also it does dragons better than most fantasy books I've read.
How is it? Premise sounds decent but I've heard iffy things about it.It is ok, I don't really have knowledge about science to know if the shit he does to survive is possible or just magic, but most seems very plausible. The tone is good, I'm 25% and sometimes there are some cringeworthy passages.Seems like the write is driving the story sometimes instead of the story going on in his natural way. I'm not a english pro, since it is my second nature so I can't really say much about the prose, but I didn't find anything that made me want to vomit so far.
Thanks, will doRingworld a good start?
How do the Revelation Space sequels compare to the first book?I thought RS was fine but I wasn't too enthralled. The writing and specifically imagery was good and memorable, but the actual plot felt very weak and thin to me. I was hoping/expecting something more "epic" - do the other books deliver on that? Worth reading y/n?
okay thanksthey're all worth reading, i think, but start with swords and deviltry if you can find it
What's the general consensus on ASOIAF?I'm curious about trying it since it's popular but I don't normally read long series, trilogy at most. I keep hearing how the last two books are really bad so i'm hesitant to invest.
they're alright if you like a large amount of chapters that go nowhere, lots of pointless shock value deaths, and generally poor writing/lit/ used to like the series until the show came out, if that's of any interest
Any recommendations for an average reader trying to into space scfi?
first three four books are really good genre fiction. i'd also suggest reading grrm's short stories.after that he lost interest/talent/focus and now it reads like a slashfic. he ruined most of the characters by inadvertently making them of feeble mind.
Hyperion
Well, I can't say you've interested me.Guess i'll just stick to my shorter books.
I'll check out his shorter stories but I don't really want to read 3-4 long fantasy books if he fucks it up, thanks.
lock lamorafirst bookLock is successful but naive thief with strong morals who steals to punish the rich corrupt ruling class, yet even he will risk his life rather to see them diesecond bookLock is psychopath mass murderer, assassin warrior and a pirate, responsible for deaths of hundreds of people and personally ordering pirate assaults on innocent people for fun third bookLock back to normal, lets pretend nothing ever happenedno wait, hes the CHOSEN ONESeriously, was there any series where the protagonist goes 180 in span of a day for no reason at all other than the plot demanding it?Its as if the author decided he wants to write a book about pirates mid way into the second book, but was too lazy to start a new series.Then again the whole series is shit, hands down the biggest contender to "wasted potential award" i ever read. Such a strong start into such a fucking shitty ending into god fuck awful sequel.
Can I get some recommendations here? Loved Sharpe and Gaunts Ghosts, first couple Black Company books.Really prefer musket lines and such, but decently realistic portrayel of strategy and logistics from the perspective of officers I guess is the point. Dick ass mercs is always fun too.
Mind telling me what made the ending laughable?
Sure, it's pretty much YA shit, but the Powder Mage books were a fun read.
Howdy, /lit/. Anyone got news on the next Kingkiller book? Fucking Rothfuss, I'm so excited for it, but at the same time I hope he doesn't put some stupid 75 page sex scene in there again.
is there really a 75 page sex scene in one of his books?
It's pretty shit, but yes.
It would be fantastic to get more books regarding Greenfly.Lol something like that. There are multiple lengthy segments of complete and utter filth in that series.
What else was shit besides the sex? Tarbean was too fucking long, but I'm a pleb so I'm not sure what else was bad.
Oh Denna~Let me spend what feels like one-fourth of an entire FUCKING NOVEL to hunt and slay this dragon so you'll smile at me :let me help this special snowflake homeless bitch out for no raisinwhile I spend nine hundred pages in each book wondering how I'm going to afford Hogwarts this year!everything going right for him no matter the situation because 10 LUKI'd like to stop typing now.
Thanks for educating me anon. Is my taste just so shit that I didn't even notice? How do I git less pleb?
wow that sounds awful
Read better books. Unfortunately, you sometimes have to read books before finding out how shitty they are but your taste will grow and increase with time.
Why would you still care about it?Rothfuss has outed himself to being a total faggot, and this isnt just hurr sjw boogeyman he's actually a giant faggot and somehow even lazier than GRRMThe books aren't even that good once you read more in the genre and realize how much of an annoying Gary Stu Kvothe is and how the second book was 500,000 words of fucking filler
just checkin' in to say that rothfuss is, in fact, Real Bad as a writer even by the laughably low standards of mainstream epic fantasyanyway, props to you crazy fucking nerdlords for keeping this shit alive. sincerely, that's really impressive.
next Kingkiller bookI honestly gave up on the series.The second one was such a fucking blunder i just dont see any way to recover from it, its obvious he had no fucking idea where to go,, he had nothing planned except the beginningAnd having half the fucking book about Kvothe having sex with different people felt like a slap in the face. Write your fucking erotic fiction somewhere else Rothfuss you cunt.
how much of an annoying Gary Stu Kvothe isdidnt play on his guitar for a years since small kidyey im such musician even animals crie ;_;1 year at Hogwartsyey im the best wizard in the world2 months training in sword fightyey im the best warrior in the worlda virginyey im the best lover in the world, im such a sex machine i seduced a god...Its honestly taking the piss.Why i get he can be an amazing musician and talented wizard. Having him be a fucking prodigy in every thing he touches seem more like self parody than anything to be taken seriously.On that matter a female warrior society who are always have sex with everybody is just taking the piss. You want me to believe they fight and train while pregnant and dont have 90% infant and mother mortality rate? Seriously, ether write porn or fantasy.
So I've been reading Bond.Was Fleming a nutcase or was it just "a different time"?
so I was reading Bond
The former. Live and Led Die is unironically about all black's right movements conspiring against the white race.
It's sentences like "Bond had a natural affection for coloured people, but he reflected how lucky England was compared with America where you had to live with the colour problem from your schooldays up." that really give you a feeling for Fleming as a man.
he is based since he does not put the liberals at ease
To add to this anons sentiment, another example from Diamonds Are Forever, "He smiled as he remembered something Felix Leiter had said to him on the last assignment together in America. Bond had referred to Mr Big, the famous Harlem criminal, as 'that damned nigger'. Leiter had picked him up. 'Careful now, James,' he had said. 'People are so damn sensitive about colour around here that you can't even ask a barman for a jigger of rum. You have to ask for a jegro."This never happened in Live and Let Die. The only mention of the word "Nigger" came from Felix himself. It was clear the left was pressuring him over his portrayal of "coloured people" and he was not backing down.
Honestly, I'm amazed this many /lit/erates have even read any OO7.
I didn't believe this is real.I looked it up.This was real.This was written.
Fleming was somewhat cavalier, but not a "nutcase" by his times' standards by any means. Let's not forget that it wasn't until the 1970's that "she isn't your wife" was eliminated as a prerequisite for rape. Rape just wasn't as big of a deal back then unless you were black, or for the dad or husband of the victim, it was just sort of "naughty". Laws back then were consent was assumed, saying "No" wasn't enough, there had to be physical marks from a struggle for it to be considered rape in a court of law.
Also, not to sound like redditt, but you should watch Mad Men, which isn't exactly a documentary, but still gives you an idea of social attitudes about rape back then.
Isn't exactly a documentarywut
That wasn't considered a crazy view at all in Fleming's times, just a conservative one. Moonraker is really an usual entry for Fleming, you should read it. It's very much at odds with where his other books come from.In the 1950's, sure. Calling blacks niggers back then was not any different than calling women bitches is today.
Prevailing attitudes change. Not even 20 years ago it was ok to call midgets midgets and have them do degrading things on TV for our amusement. By the way, I think it's odd they want to be called "little people". Seems far worse to me than "midget". Like albinos wanting to be called "bleached people".
It's a fictional television series. But the point is, it will give you an idea of what times Fleming was writing and what subculture he was coming from, which is the bourgeois, lounge culture. Morals started attenuating popularly with the hippies, but they became unfashionable with the bourgeoisie in the 1950's, the same as they did with the decadent aristocracy of yesterday.
He's not American and he was born and raised prior to the baby boomers turning western civilization into a low test feelings festival.
This song illustrates prevailing attitudes at the time pretty well, among that social class
 70'sIt wasn't until the 90's that a wife could have a husband chraged with rape in the U.S.
I've read Moonraker. It's my favourite of his novels so far. I noticed a significant portion of the second half was from the womans perspective and that he did not sleep with her in the endBut I felt this was a weird look into his mind:"He looked up. She was wearing a black beret at a rakish angle and that she look exciting and mysterious like someone you see driving by abroad, alone in an open car, someone unattainable and more desirable than anyone you have ever know. Someone who is on her way to make love to somebody else. somebody who is not you."There was also that paragraph about " 'I promise not to look' he lied." and him kissing her against her will and running off before she can berate him so she simply decides "that's his one" or somesuch.
No, you're talking about some particular states that held out until the 1990's. I mean anywhere in the U.S.
how is this not bloody obvious to youfor real, we're anon here, no need for this bullshitit's easier if everyone is like you
you can't even ask a barman for a jigger of rum. You have to ask for a jegro.Might actually have to read this if the rest of his ouvre is that witty.
Even then, MOST states still didn't have spousal rape laws until well into the 80's.
He also says she could probably trounce him in combat, which is completely out of character. Fleming's commentary on double standards of promiscuity in MI6 was also bizarre, in that it seemed disapproving.You've illustrated how Bond thinks, of course let's not forget he raped Pussy Galore out of lesbianism which he said was a product of women being confused by being allowed to vote, but what's weird is that in Moonraker, Fleming and Bond appear to diverge in thought; unusual, since Bond is basically just Fleming's idealized version of himself.
Yes Moonraker definitely stood out in how much "every-day-life" it seemed to convey. It was definitely his most grounded novel.
that picWhy do people assume that Christianity is built off the Ten Commandments first off? It's not. The laws in the Old Testament don't even matter to Christianity except what was reaffirmed. Even with that in mind:Genocide?Ever heard of "thou shalt not kill"?RapeOld Testament beats sexual immorality to death, which is reaffirmed with the New.“But if in the open country a man meets a young woman who is betrothed, and the man seizes her and lies with her, then only the man who lay with her shall die. But you shall do nothing to the young woman; she has committed no offense punishable by death. For this case is like that of a man attacking and murdering his neighbor, because he met her in the open country, and though the betrothed young woman cried for help there was no one to rescue her.Moses literally compares rapists to murderers.But that entire image could be answered by something Jesus said in a breath:36 “Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law?”37 Jesus replied: “‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’[a] 38 This is the first and greatest commandment. 39 And the second is like it: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’[b] 40 All the Law and the Prophets hang on these two commandments.”Not trying to turn this into a religious thread, but you posted the atheist image in the first place and it was too dumb to not critique.
I find it weird that millenials find his stance weird.I'm the very extreme tail end of Gen X and even for us his views seem dated but not necessarily unusual.I guess to put it in context we had sex ed classes lecturing us on how date rape was actually a "real" crime and you shouldn't do it.To which many guys would laugh.I guess that's pretty odd by current standards.
In that book, Bond has to get a mudbath and a message at heath resort from a black guy, and he's in fucking agony when black hands touch him all over.That book as actually one of the weaker entries in the series, I'd say, except as campmuh gay assassinsmuh mobstersmuh cowboys
Where to start with Bond?
Bond is a prole who eats sandwiches in a cafeteria most of the time and pushes paperlaffin
At the beginning.
Just read the works in published order, dawg.
What about the rest of Fleming's catalog? Does it have funny jokes like that?I also thought this  was absolutely hilarious.
Probably shacks up with Wint. Some of these homos make the worst killers.Oh Felix
The datedness of them makes them all worth reading in that regard but it's not like they're a laugh a minute.The entire first half of Moonraker is about playing bridge. But half the chapters end on a zinger or random skywriting foreshadowing "hell is here... hell is here... hell is here..."
Bond watched the huge rubbery man, and his skin cringed at the thought of putting his body into the dangling pudgy hands with their lined pink palms.
Yes, but it's sometimes hard to tell when Fleming is joking and when he's serious. The book Bond is not elegant, he's just judgmental and fussy as fuck. He refuses to fuck a woman in Live and Let, for instance, because he has a broken pinky and he thinks that would get in the way of his technique. This for instance seems like some sort of joke, but Bond is consistently commenting on things in his head that are really petty and ridiculous. He would think you either have your sandwich with the crust on or off, and he would base his whole judgement of your character on some minor shit like that, or how you had your drink, etc. Just weird.
Well obviously a broken pinky would impede his ability to properly hold her. Best wait a week or so for it to heal.
Whether it was intended to be a joke or not isn't really important to me.The quotations, excerpts and allusions ITT have convinced me that this is exactly the kind of writing I would find humorous. He would think you either have your sandwich with the crust on or off, and he would base his whole judgement of your character on some minor shit like thatThis especially sounds like something I would find very funny, sounds very similar to the narrator in El Tunel for instance.
Oh yeah, he makes snap judgements about people left and right. And then he flips flops that opinion several more times before being presented with irrefutable evidence that you are in fact a bad guy.
My favorite part of moonraker was that the thing they had the most difficulty with in the government coverup was Drax spilling newspaper all over the road.
btw the relevant quote was "Habitual criminal. Larceny, mugging, rape - nothing big."
So Bond is basically Arnold Rimmer.
yes
Except macho. He's a combination of Dirty Harry tier machismo and Reverend Runt tier prissiness. Shame Oliver Reed never played him, he even had the attitudes on women to match.
I'm now imagining Arnold Rimmer played by Reed raping a lesbian straight while being worried about bread crusts.
Fifth and sixth commandment alongside of Paul explicitly saying that sodomites and pedophiles will burn in hell. And slavery isn't something we've ever gotten away from, there is more slavery now then ever. Just a different name.
Yes
Only ever read Thunderball as a young lad. Cannot remember much about it but enjoyed it some - picked it up because it's the best of the movies. Had no idea these were such comfy, politically incorrect, /manly/core novels. Will plough through them now.Who else is essential /manly/core other than Fleming, Chandler, and Updike?
I knew some kids who read these books on long vacation trips. Did James Bond assassinate MLK?
Start with the one in Greece
Why do you assume that people who promote multiculturalism are lying to themselves? Is it so hard to believe that people genuinely hold these views and that it's not just for the sake of looking PC?
Yeah but Fleming also has Bond insist that homosexuals can't whistle presumably because of all the cocks in their mouth and that sumo wrestlers can suck their testicles up into their body.Public School Boys are weird.
bond speaks his mind, is brash, assertive, cavalier. does what he wants, thinks how he wantssurprised when author emulates those traits.
Yes, actually.Well that, or they've never lived in largely colored communities.
It's hard to believe that any sane, rational human being honestly endorses multiculturalism because its failure is so manifestly obvious and the logic underlying its promotion is so insanely retarded.Unlike the other anon, however, I'm fully aware that some people are simply mentally ill and cannot reason tho.
Howard, the whole Conan the Barbarian and Solomon Kane series.You should prepare to feel mild homolust reading them.
Have you ever been poor? Have you ever had to live around poor black people? I came from the upper middle class and ended up poor as an adult. There was a time when I wasn't racist, but I am now. It's not even so much that I don't like black people. The reality is simply I don't want anything to do with them and they want absolutely fucking nothing to do with me. That's the way the world really works. It has nothing to do with how you were raised. It's a lot easier to be PC in an all white gated community when you personally don't have to deal with race that's all I'm saying.
Bingo.
They want to turn Bond black so that the rape would be okay
I've been poor. In my experience, it is poor people in general who are obnoxious. Black people with money, provided they didn't get it through entertainment, sports or crime, are far more tolerable than poor white people. I know two millionaire black families, and they are black black muh Jordans, muh ebonics, not oreos, but they obtained their wealth through real estate speculation and construction, and they're entirely courteous and delightful people.
Mailer, Roth, Richard Ford.
Depends on the area, and the type of white people. German, Italian, Irish, Jew, Scottish. It really does matter. My understanding is that blacks in America are mostly West African, so there's not as much differentiation. I know immigrants from other parts of Africa can be very civilized.
actually that sentence has some truth behind itif you can get over the shockingly different terminology of his time, you might remark that it is not at all unfair to remark that the United States has a huge race problem owing to the massive size of the black population that it imported as slaves. We're still trying to figure out how to make diversity work, because we can't undo it.It's not at all racist to remark that it's nice to have not had to grow up in an atmosphere of intense racial tension because your country did not import slaves
Wish-fulfillment for the glory days of the British Empire.
I failed sociology in college
he actually studied liberal social psuedo-science at universitytoplel
how do you overcome the hedgehog dilemma?

What is this dilemma you speak of ?
She's a slut that wants to be close with meI want to be close with her but I'll make life hell for a girl I'm close with being a slutI think the solution is to find someone who doesn't make your spines come out, who has no spines that affect youOther than that you're setting yourself up to get hurt
Sup /lit/Can you recommend me some books about power, corruption, and lies?
any politicians biography
nostromo by Joseph Conrad It's basically a psychological/political tale of piracy and adventure.
Animal Farm is pretty short, clever and funny
Great Gatsby
Lolita
Michel Foucault, history of sexuality vol. 1
Bible tbh
hmmm... not had an order like this before .

Haven't you read the bible?Those are all common themes in that text.
you just want any excuse to post this dont you
Who wrote the best plays back then? Aeschylus, Euripides or Sophocles?
Why no aristophanes?
OEDIPUS REXEDIPUSREX
'bout to bring that up too.It's all a matter of taste, OP. Sample some
I love Aristophanes. But I was wondering which one of this holy trinity of greek tragedies /lit/ considers the best.
Based Aeschylus
Kind of off topic - this album is based off of Hippolytus by Euripides and I think it's amazing. I'm about to read Hippolytus so that I can better understand this album.
LAST BOOK YOU READ WHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING WHAT YOU ARE READING NEXT
Mason & Dixon Something Happened I Claudius
Reading Lolita in TehranThe Digital PersonMoby Dick
Cock
last: the paradox of liberation Walzercurrent: pic relatednext: probably Society of the Spectacle
Brothers KaramazovGravity"s Rainbownot sure
The Summer BookThe Brothers KaramazovThe Street of Crocodiles
Blood Meridian and The ApologyJourney to the End of the NightDave Eggers, DFW, Dostoyevskiy
The Catcher in the RyeDer EnzigeA Tale of Two Cities
The Revolt of ManDraculaThe Beautiful and DamnedNothing unorthodox
Oh no why Dave Eggers
UbikLook to WindwardMerhanical Orange
UbikShould I check this out? I read The Man in the High Castle last summer and really liked it
BotchanNarcissus and GoldmundUlysses or the Sound and the Fury
What's wrong with him? A Heartbreaking Work seems like something I could relate toIs he looked down upon here?
La nieve del almirante, mutisBerserk vol. 37The recognitions, Gaddis
Irrational Man: A Study in Existential PhilosophyCrime and PunishmentThe Decline of the West
the recognitions God bless and good luck
 Notes from Underground/The Double The Picture of Dorian Gray + Necronomicon on the side Brave New World or The Iliad
The Ambassadors by Henry JamesThe Joke by Milan KunderaLost Illusions by Honore de Balzac
A Tale of Two CitiesA Doll's HouseThe Well Wrought UrnMetamorphosis
LASTBilly Budd, Sailor and Selected Tales MelvilleSamson Agonistes MiltonTo the Lighthouse WoolfNOWThe Sound and the Fury FaulknerThe Penguin Book of the Sonnet edited by LevinNEXTThe Confidence-Man MelvilleThe Waves WoolfAbsalom, Absalom! Faulkner
Earthsea Cycle: The Tombs of AtuanEarthsea Cycle: The Farthest ShoreEarthsea Cycle: Tehanu
Great expectationsPortrait of the artist as a young manBeyond good and evil
Nicomachean EthicsA Confederacy of Dunces A History of Western Philosophy or more AristotleI hate how much time it's taking to start with the Greeks. I just want to read Hegel and Dosteovsky.
"The Cold War" by John Lewis Gaddis"Julius Caesar" by Shakespeare"Macbeth" by Shakespeare
Crime and PunishmentWar and PeaceAnna Karenina
The sailor who fell from grace with the seaThe CrossingWise Blood
if you liked it, you will also like ubik
well if you already read nicomachean ethics you should be finishing the greeks pretty soon, don't even bother with neoplatonic shit
Time and Technics by Bernard StieglerInoperative Community by Jean Luc Nancy and Rings of Saturn by WG SebaldPhenomenology of Spirit by Hegel
I think we would be friends
Is he looked down upon here?YesHe's super-uncoolLike DFW but without the indiscernible talent
Paper TownsThe Children of MenBlood Meridian
Just read Schopenhauer, Nietzsche and Dostoyevski. and then Heidegger, Zizek, Foucault 
how was RLiT? looks pretty interesting
PAST:Primer of a Visual Literacy DondisThe Gift MaussThe Problems of Philosophy RussellPRESENT:Brothers KaramazovArt and Visual Perception ArnheimFUTURE:Will probably follow that /lit/ philos. guide
The Book of DisquietMason & DixonThe Man Who Loved Only Numbers
actually starting with the Greeks
Its better to end with the Greeks, then everything comes together and makes sense rather than spoiling it all off the start.
Gravity's Rainbow, PynchonMary/Maschenka, NabokovDe geruchten, Claus
Can we talk about MD. How far are you?
lady macbeth of msenskthe dwarfthe stranger
Waiting for GodotOmensetter's LuckEither The Floating Opera or Barthelme's Sixty Stories
not starting and then abruptly ending with the greatest philosopher in historywaiting until the end of your studies to find that everything you read before and after him is meaningless
The Metamorphosisthe Iliad Lewis's The Abolition of Man or Hesiod's Theogony
Lady Chatterly's LoverCarthage Must Be DestroyedAround the World in 80 Days
not based Thales I thought this was a patrician board?
lastHundred years of solitude 7.5/10currentWretched of the Earth - Franz FantonLoving this shit so far. As someone from a country recently under colonial rule, it speaks volumes.nextProbably Book of the New Sun. Also trying to get my hands on a copy of Philosophies and Opinions of Marcus Garvey
bit over 300 pages.Yourself?
Carthage Must Be DestroyedFucking Cato
Platoright about everything
V.FiccionesA Farewell to Arms or The Sound and The Fury, whichever arrives in the mail first
MeditationsMythologyThe Iliad
As I Lay DyingA Portrait of the Artist as a Young ManThe Metamorphosis
LAST BOOK YOU READ Theoretic Arithmetic of the Pythagoreans by Thomas Taylor had to stop midwayWHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING Elements by EuclidPrinciples of Political Economy by David RicardoWHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTThe Works of Archimedes edited by T.L. HeathPrinciples of Political Economy by John Stuart Mill
I'm reading sections from Avicenna's " The Healing", particularly the stuff on causation.
PASTA Portrait of the Artist as a Young ManPRESENTThe Notebook, The Proof and The Third Lie / Brothers Karamazov / The Death and Life of Great American CitiesFUTUREPerhaps something by László Krasznahorkai, if not Roadside Picnic and maybe The Stranger in French because it seems simple enough and I still suck at French fuck it why not three all at onceI have bad habits
LAST THREE READThe Book of DisquietChildren of MenHerzhogCURRENTLY READINGBook of New SunWHAT I'M READING NEXTMidnight's ChildrenThe Crying of Lot 49The Kraken Wakes
Oh right and the other two.Before: Edward Grant: Physical Science in the Middle AgesAfter: Michael Sylwanowicz: Contingent Causality and the Foundations of Duns Scotus' Metaphysics.
Secret AgentNuremberg DiaryIlliad
The Way of The FightMy Fight your fight1984
I usually read two books at once, but with uni work it has been really hard to squeeze in the time...Last Book: Sharp Objects... I thinkReading: Pantaleon y las Visitadoras Captain Pantoja and the Special Service by Mario Vargas Llosa&A really shitty japanese novel in japanese, it's slice of life-ish and good for language learning. Called 'Parade'Going to read:Imma read Kitchen by Yoshimoto Bananaand Trainspotting
The Dharma BumsLight in August???I was thinking about this book Kokoro, this book Pedro Parama, or starting the Border Trilogy
2001: A Space OdysseyUlyssesFinnegans Wake
2001: A Space OdysseyHow was this one?2001 is one of my favorite movies, but I read that it was different from the book.
2001 is one of my favourite movies too, i'm primarily a film guy and only just got into literature like a year ago.the book is different from the movie, and nowhere near as good but then again very few things are, however it's still a great work in its own right and definitely worth a read, i should check out some more of Clarke's stuff in the future.
I will check that out, thanks, but I know that no book that has an adaptation by Kubrick can be as good as the film.Also, will you read the other Space Odyssey books?
IliadDom QuijoteO Ateneu - Raul Pompeia
Narcissus and GoldmundSwann's Way1Q84
I forgotBrothers Karamazov and One flew over the cuckoo's nestiunno
Love the Abolition of Man. Hope you enjoy it. If you like that one, also consider Heidegger's essay 'The Question Concerning Technology.'
Nice apathy, jerk
Heidegger's essay 'The Question Concerning Technology. Thanks, I'll certainly look in to it.
indeed i do plan on reading the rest of the series. in fact i may do so to take a break between reading Ulysses and The Book Which Shall Not Be Named.and indeed, the general consensus seems to be that Kubrick adaptations are much better than the original book having read both ACO and The Shining, I am inclined to agree, however Lolita is supposed to be the exception to the rule. funnily enough that is the only one of kubrick's films i have yet to see, and i indeed haven't even read the original novel yet like i said, i am relatively new to this whole /lit/erary thing
Murphy - Samuel BeckettPale Fire - NabokovAgainst The Day - Pynchon or Crime And Punishment - Dostoyevsky
How'd you like Beckett? I have a "collection of shorter plays" that I've yet to start. Are his major works the only ones worth sinking my teeth into?
Finished it at 3am last night. The final section of the book is absolutely God-tier. I've always seen pynchon as a writer that keeps his distance but I felt a lot of his struggles as person in the last section. The rest of the book was fantastic and what I expected but The Transit came out of nowhere.
I thought it was fucking incredible, can really see the sort of Joycean influence but also the sort of twisted warping modernism. Murphy is good too because it's very philosophical in parts because it talks about disparities of reality, within solipsism and psychiatric practice. I wouldn't know about the rest, it's the only Beckett I've read but I ordered his trilogy straight away, and I'm reading it as soon as it arrives.
Sounds awesome. I'll have to check him out
Yeah man, do. Won't regret it. It's short too so like, it's not a huge commitment. Enjoy.
hop on that shit bro. haven't read murphy yet, but the trilogy is fucking phenomenal
caucasiawar and peaceI just started w&p it's too early to think about other books
Plato's RepublicPlato's RepublicPlato's Republic
Read Lolita next, it's Dosteyevsky's best book, way better than W&P
hEY FAGGET JUST READ JOSEPH HITLER BY ADOPLH STALINEBEST BOOK SO FAR
lastPoe - Black Cat greatIf short stories don't count thenGuy - Pyongyang mehIf neither short stories nor comics countGoethe - Werther mehnowGlukhovsky - Metro 2033 pretty goodEuripides - Medea also pretty goodnextEco - Name of the RoseArnason - History of Modern ArtI'll get Shakespeare's complete works soon so probably one of his plays
I liked it. The author writes very well, and it's an interesting glimpse into the change to a totalitarian regime in Iran in the early/mid 80's and the war with Iraq in the late 80's. The literary allusions in the chapters are terse, and it can overall get quite preachy in sections. It's heavy on women's issues as well, living as second class citizens, and marriage/dating problems.Overall it was quite good, I picked it up in a thrift store around here for a buck.
MASTER AND COMMANDERPOST CAPTAINH.M.S. SURPRISE
James Joyce's UlyssesLouis Bonaparte - MarxHm... I suppose something more modern...
Paradise Lost, The Complete Cosmicomics read and finished simultaneouslyFellowship of the RingThe Two Towers, The Gutenberg Galaxy: The Making of Typographic Man
Can anyone recommend something like this:1940-1970, height of avant-garde, beginnings of postmodernism, something flavored with the tinge of the 'New' but still written with the tone of those writing pre-WWIII DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT I'M TRYING TO DESCRIBE, but something along the lines of Borges, Calvino, the Beats
as i lay dyinggeek love/the satanic verseslolita
The Death of Bunny Monroe - Nick CaveEugene Onegin - Alexander PushkinThe Last Temptation - Nikos Kazantzakis
Are you reading Onegin in Russian? If not, is it the Oxford world classics? That's the one I have and I may tackle it next
Brave New WorldThe PlagueThe Great GatsbyI've read quite a few novellas recently, though.
The Road Hamilton's MythologyThe Iliad
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the SeaThe Golden BowlThe TunnelI actually enjoyed A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius more than I expected to. I would recommend giving it a shot if it at all interests you.I've been conflicted about whether to try his fiction.
Babbittfifth businessthe iliad and/or the great GatsbyNeed to start working through the /lit/ starter kit and the Greeks
Blindness - Jose SaramagoWhite Teeth - Zadie Smith/Collected Fictions of BorgesThe Recognitions by Gaddis or A Smugglers Bible by Joseph McElroy, along with Necesarry Illusions by Chompsky
Waiting for Godot The Odyssey Planning on reading the Histories by Herodotus
ya ni ponimayoo po russkie ni ocheen khorashow. I'm reading the Penguin Classics version translated by Charles Johnston. Picked it up in a charity shop for a euro.
How is Omensetter's Luck? I've not read any Gass yet, he's about the last somewhat known pomo writer I haven't sampled. 60 stories from what I've read so far, never one to read shory story collections cover to cover is beautiful and thought provoking.
12 caesarsherodottreasure island
Khorashowsounds Persian.
The Crying of Lot 49Invisible ManOne Hundred Years of Solitude
Cambodia: Year ZeroParadise LostTrilby
Slaughterhouse-Five Cat's CradleWhatever Vonnegut book Half Price Books has that I haven't read. I'm trying to read the compete work of Vonnegut as part of my Indiana History training so I can get a job at the Indiana State museum.
LastFlowers For AlgernonCurrentMoby Dick, Of Mice and Men, Catch 22NextSir Gawain and the Green Knight
I won't call anyone out but intro plebs you know who you are
The Dream of the CeltA Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do AgainConsider the Lobster
Lolitanone, just finishedThe Sound And The FuryI have a feeling I'll like faulkner's corncobby ass far more
The secret history of the Spirit worldI really liked it, as far as occult history books go, it was probably one of the best.The secret history of the worldOne of the best occult history books out there. I feel like it's given me a deeper insight into the nature of the world, and the occult mysteries that are in society, religion and so on, and so forth, I would very much recommend.In the heart of the sea.I need to get that same rush that Melville gave me, but it's still too soon to read Moby Dick again
Looking forward to it.I read it on my train commute to/from work, which has a stop called Ruggles. Always makes me smile.
reading Ricardo instead of Marxget on my level
Wretched of the Earth - Franz FantonMyComrade.jpgWhat country? Also Black Skin, White Masks was great too
If you want my advice do NOT read a History of Western Philosophy unless you want Russel's biases to corrupt practically every philosophical text from here on out. It would probably be better to just spend a couple days reading pages from the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy if you want some sort widespread knowledge of philosophy. Also, IMO, the only "Start with the Greeks" texts that are completely necessary are The Republic and Nicomachean Ethics, although you should still read the other books at some point. What is more important however is that when you get into later philosophy not to read any thought that is a criticism or based of other thought e.g. Don't read Kierkegaard's Concluding Unscientific Postscript if you haven't already read Hegel.
I was just posting in another thread about the preponderance of Marxist and Rothbardian economics over any other sort of economics.
History of Western Philosophy is badBabby can't handle Russell making a little critical commentary? Learn to read between the lines
Slicing Pie: Funding Your Company Without FundsHP Lovecraft: The Complete FictionTBD, probably This Book Is Full of Spiders
If on a Winter's Night a TravelerSheppard LeeGravity's Rainbow
Great current read, be prepared to wait years for the next volume though.
The Word of God Thomas M. DischThe Glass Bead Game Herman Hesse The Creative Mind Henri Bergson
Babby can't handle Russell making a little critical commentaryCritical commentary would be needed AFTER reading the original texts themselves meaning that, yes, a History of Western Philosophy is a terrible book for a beginner which is precisely what I was addressing in my post.
Even a beginner should be able to read it and come to their own conclusions. If they can't do that, their understanding of the actual text themselves is not going to be very good
Hermann Hesse - GertrudeThomas Ligotti - My Work is Not Yet DoneHermann Hesse - Glass Bead Game
A Brave New WorldMythologyThe Iliadalmost samesies
Confederacy of DuncesStonerDoctor Zhivago
IliadOdysseyA Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
Bury My Heart at Wounded KneeThe Works of H.G. Wells The Time Machine specificallyFor Whom the Bell Tolls
LAST - God is Not Great: How Religion Poinsons EverythingCURRENT - Kafka on the ShoreNEXT - The Devil in the White City
this week:steaming to bamboola by christopher buckleythe white house mess by christopher buckleyboth easy reads, but well-written. pretty goodre-read a canticle for leibowitz by walter m miller jrprobably the best sci fi novel this side of dune.nearly completed the rise and fall of the third reich by shireri've heard historians don't like it because of the editorializing, journalistic aspects, but its a good read and at the very least a glimpse into the post-war understanding of nazismin m
SymposiumPhaedrusAlcibiadesAlso reading the Old Testament on the side.
Child of GodGrapes of Wrath??????? maybe something pulpy by Bester
MeditationsBrothers KaramazovThe Iliad or Infinite Jest
last read: american pastoral by philip rothcurrently reading: blood meridian by cormack mccarthynext up: not sure yet, probably the autobiography of alice b toklas by gertrude stein need a break from all the men
Absalom, Absalom!TimequakeMacbeth
The Lover - Marguerite DurasV. - PynchonInvisible Man - Ralph Ellison
LAST BOOK YOU READ The Heart is a Lonely Hunter WHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READINGUnder the Volcano WHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTIndependence Day
Vletting gothat question is the one that im asking myself right now and i cant answer it
aw i love heart is a lonely hunter. the member of the wedding is even better.
Russel's introduction is a potboiler he wrote quickly and sloppily. He systematically mis-summarizes several philosophers, and then critiques them based on his poor summaries. Nietzsche is the most glaring example. There's no reason to read that as an introduction. Read this if you want an introduction: historical and topical summary of philosophy compiled by modern scholars in the area. Clear but demanding.
It is one of my favorites now. I'm going to give it some time and then read through the rest of her bibliography.
pinball, 1973The CorrectionsCapital in the 21st century
white noiseIf on a winters night a travellergreat expectations
Measuring TechniquesMechanical Engineering Principles 1Mechanical Engineering Principles 2
Blood MeridianOn Blue's WatersIn Green's Jungles
 Runaway Horses2666Pale Fire
how was pinball?
Baukunin God and the stateZizek living in the end timesProbably some intro text to lacan
El TunelThe Discovery of Heaven, Outer DarkL'Ecoume des Jours, The Confusions of Young TorleB
Read The Brothers Karamazov before Doctor Zhivago
Pedro Paramo or The Border Trilogy
I haven't read the other two but The Confidence Man is brilliant
 My Friend the MercenaryInfinite Jest Les trois mousquetaires
I fucking love that bust. Just imagining those unmanifested marble mammaries, ready to become what anyone imagines them to be...sweet lord.Metaphors We Live By Lakoff/JohnsonThe Question Concerning Technology and other Essays Memetin Heideggermaybe Drop City Boyle, need a fiction break
SSHow to do I into ottermodeStronk
some book about hitler's childhoodthe tatami galaxy novel translation that some anon made a thread for earliernot sure, maybe rimbaud, though honestly i have no idea where to start. would appreciate suggestions
Neverwhere - Neil Gaiman + Reread of Graveyard BookGood Omens - Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman + Reread of Mistborn: The Final EmpireStardust - Neil Gaiman before I switch into some Sci-Fi and then back to Terry Pratchett for more Discworld
Beyond Good & Evil and SatantangoThe Unbearable Lightness of beingStoner, then the last two books of Illuminatus! Trilogy
a guide for adult children of alcoholics vineland dunno
 A Midsummer Night's Dream Norweigan Wood The Trial
Stephen King --- Duma KeyJules Verne --- Twenty Thousand Leagues Under The SeaMaybe, Arthur C. Clarke --- Rama
Last: Norwegen Wood by Haruki Murakami Currently: World Gone Water by Jaime Clark I'm reading an old advanced review copy for a class on book reviewsNext: Not sure yet. Got a few that I'm kicking around. I usually just grab one from my big cue on a whim.
from my big cueno wonder you read murakami
How did you like Paper Towns?I kind of enjoyed it, even if I felt a bit guilty for it afterwards.
Silence by EndoSavage Detectives by Bolaño???? Maybe Quine, probably a phil text
working through Being and TimeSwamplandia!Idk, maybe something about yogacara
Ice By IceDiamonds Are ForeverThe Death and Life of Superman
Njal's SagaZeno's Conscience - Italo SvevoRoad to Wigan Pier - Orwell
The Odyssey TheogonyWork and DaysYEAH I'M GREEKING ITWHAT YOU MAD I TWEEKIN IT?
Just finished Lonesome Dove.Just Started I Want My MTV.Next in line is The Camp Of The Saints.
I thought it was an enjoyable read. I really liked the interaction between the main cast and Margo at the end, where they find out she wasn't this perfect figure who they had hyped her up to be in their minds. Felt like I could've enjoyed it more if Q just left her be without the romantic stuff at the end, but I guess it was written to appeal to a certain demographic after all. Another thing I liked about it was the interactions between the characters, it felt pretty realistic. It was nice that the characters weren't always cool with one another and they sort of found their way eventually. I can relate with that guilty feeling, but the way I see it is that its nice to have an informed opinion on these kinds of books and its been several years since I had read another of his books and wanted to see how accessible it was today, and sure enough I read it in almost a single sitting. An easy read for sure, but an enjoyable one.
Why do you like the Mistborn books enough to re-read them? I was recommended them as a contemporary fantasy but gave up after the second book because I found them to be so clunky.
Red: The Asiatics.Redan: Split Second.Wither thither: Against the Day? Fifty Shades of Grey? Open to suggestions ...
This was an excellent film, better than any book I've ever read anyways.
Yeah, I felt pretty much the same about it. The guilty feeling was not so much about the quality of the book, just the constant feeling that I was not in the target audience for the book.
The second book is the weakest of them all. The resolution of everything that happens is fun. And Sanderson is about to release Book 2 and 3 of the Alloy of Law series.I was going to have to reread them eventually because of cosmere reasons, so I might as well get it out of the way naw and not have to worry about it.
LolitaSteppenwolfThe Glass Bead Game
Bulgakov- Heart of a dogMoby-DickProbably Spinoza's Ethics
The Alchemist it was shitThe Brothers Karamazov it's amazingFranny and Zooey is it shit?
Listen plebs, I don't know who told you this was even remotely okay. This is NOT the place to lightheartedly discuss yor recent john green feels. It's not even close to the place. I would assume bait if you guys didn't seem so into it. Now cut that shit out
Holy shit I'm the same. I'm just gonna go and jump to Hume and then Kant though
SiddharthaDublinersInferno
Thomas Ligotti, GrimscribeThomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human RaceMichel Foucault, The Order of Things
LAST BOOK YOU READ Bolaño - 2666 WHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING Bely - Petersburg WHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTHlasko - The Graveyard
Petersburg is phenomenal. Good choices recently anon
it's in english thoughthe intro makes it clear Bely was fixed on phonetics at even the syllable level, feels like I'll never know its true value until I learn russian :/
Why are you so butthurt?I'm able to read complex stuff as well, I read Infinite Jest with English being my second language, and I study philosophy at the university for fun.Sometimes it's nice to read a simple relaxing book, the same way other people would watch a TV-show or a movie, but I don't do that.I've read all three Hunger Games books too, and even enjoyed the first two. Stay mad friend.Don't take yourself so seriously, no one else does. Maybe read a nice relaxing book to calm your nerves, I recommend Holy Cow by the X-Files guy.
Sometimes it's nice to read a simple relaxing book, the same way other people would watch a TV-show or a movie, but I don't do that.Needing to "take a break" from "grown up" bookslmao
Wrong site I think.  notice how you cant downvote me
I work long hours when I first work.After a 12 hour work day I need a book that reads it self.You can lyao all you want.Maybe not wrong site, but I think this is the wrong board for me. I enjoy a few other boards much more, because the people there are not so insecure, and the amount of shitposting is lower.
last things reada bunch of Gertrude Stein piecessome essays and crit about Bob Dylancurrentlymiddlemarch by george eliotnextI DUNNO MAN, ISN'T THAT THE ADVENTURE?
wrong board for me Yea, I agree. It's nothing personal but this board can't devolve to the point of actually discussing john green, it's hard enough to discuss actual literature. That's cool if you work 12 hours, but don't bring that Paper Town shit here. Also, not being an asshole, but try swinging over to /r/books. I think that's what you're actually looking for.
ReadCervantes' Don QuixoteReadingKant's Groundwork of the Metaphysic of MoralsWill readPoe's tales, poetry, criticism
Last one:Auto-Engano Self-Mistake - Eduardo GianettiCurrently one - The Book of Disquiet - Fernando PessoaNext OneInstitutio Oratoria - Quintilian
LAST BOOK YOU READThe Catcher in the RyeWHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING Wuthering HeightsWHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTSlaughter House 5Yeah I'm starting my A2 course in my 6th from, after restarting last year. Bretty pleb, but I'm just ordering a shit tonne of books to read
LAST BOOKS YOU READ The IlluminationsThe Master BuilderL'EtrangerKing LearWHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING Translations of writings by Antonin ArtaudCandideThe Revengers TragedyWHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTStindberg or Chekhov.Maybe Dostoevsky.
The Little Prince Robinson CrusoeHeart of Darkness or Love in the Time of Cholera
LAST BOOK YOU READ Jerzy Kosinski - The Painted BirdIvan Turgenev - The Torrents of SpringWHAT YOU ARE CURRENTLY READING Sinclair Lewis - BabbittWHAT YOU ARE READING NEXTEdward Bellamy - Looking Backward
Okay, fair enough, though it seems to have devolved into memery and shitposting and there's not much left to save./r/books is hopeless for anything other than seeing how many ways you can misinterpret 1984. I come here for some insightful debate, but I never find it and settke for some frogposting instead.Again, didn't mean to ruin your board, i thought at least list threads were free from circle jerks.
Rayuela, Julio CortazarDon Quijote Don Flamingo and Prolegomena zu einer jeden künftigen Metaphysikfuck me if I know
What does lit think of my new purchasesI'm a fairly new to literature, I'm a very competent reader, but any "difficult" literature mostly extends to my GCSE and AS level books.I've read and enjoyed Ulysses, and all of the lit 'starter' books
Raven about Jonestown MassacreKitchen Confidential?
DID YA READ THE GREEKS?!
I know this is a meme but I've read homer's oddessy
just cause it's a meme doesn't mean you shoudn't do it; eating is a meme and i'd like to see you not doing it m8
 Do androids dream of electric sheep  crying of lot 49 V. or trying vonnegut
Some Evelyn Waugh is always nice.
You can find PDFs of some of his stuff online. I think you should be able to find all his short stories and I've found God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian which you should go read right now if you haven't, it'll take very little time before.
last bookMilton - Paradise Lostcurrently readingMelville - Moby-Dicknextprobably McCarthy - Blood MeridianI'm taking a break from reading every damn Pynchon and Marquez novel to fill in some holes in my reading knowledge, hope you're happy /lit/
eating is a memeYou're too stupid to post here.
2666FoundationThe Brothers Karamazov
Rendezvous with Rama ClarkeThe Plague Camus?; maybe: The Myth of Sisyphus, 2001, Crime and Punishment, The Stranger, Plato's 5 Dialogues, or something else
Did you like Gertrude? I've read several Hesse works and enjoyed them all. I've never heard anything about Gertrude, though.
Grapes of WrathCherish this, you'll never be able to read it for the first time again.
I agree partially, I disagree with some stuff by Plato, the forms for example at least in their original sense given developments such as evolution and technological innovation after the Greeks, what is the form of a hadron collider? but I keep seeing things come up in the real world that seem inherently Platonic, such as "Why would scientists bother with ideal gas laws if ideal gases do not and cannot exist?".
A Felicidade Clandestina Clarice Lispector1Q84 and ZaratustraInfinite Jest
LolitaCrime and PunishmentLight in August
FOUCAULT'S PENDULUMBLOOD MERIDIANNO FUCKING IDEA
Yeah but what is "all the fun?" A lot of people I know like these, I'm not trying to draw you out to shit on you or anything. I just really didn't get anything out of them. The first one had an OK sort of contrasting political styles thing, and some decent fight scenes, but man Sanderson is rough work compared to a lot of other stuff I've read.How's Swamplandia? I've heard a few of her short stories read on podcasts, liked them, but I felt they were a little, idunno, kitsch?, because the fantastic elements were subtly foregrounded in a way they don't seem to be in Kafka, Marquez, Calvino. The story seemed stuffed with them. Like you could feel the writer beyond the page going, yeah, this is cool! The Alchemist it was shitYou have my condolences. Franny and Zooey is good but weird. For the love of God don't read any Salinger past that: it turns into Rand-level ranting about spiritual stuff. muh special elite literature club only discuss tolstoy's philosophical chapterGrow the fuck up. Is it against the rules for the board? No. I don't even enjoy that shit. You're wasting your life. God forbid some people aren't totally into reading dense classics all the time, or are relatively inexperienced readers but enjoy books, and come to post on your special little board. Chekhov.All good stuff. Have fun. Take your time with Joyce. If you have trouble with Ulysses, here is a free, full, professional reading of it
2666Moonwalking with Einstein and Collected Poems of Dylan ThomasConsider the Lobster
Infinite JestThe Crying of Lot 49No idea, maybe something by Woolf? Just scared she might read like Austen Mk II
last booktai peicurrentinfinite jest something to be desired thomas mcguanenextafter jest, either GR or M&D after something, the chosen place, the timeless people paule marshall
For the love of God don't read any Salinger past thatDogshit advice, read Bananafish or CatcherI don't even enjoy talking about philosophy or Tolstoy I can tell white knighting john green posts Not sure how to respond it turns into rand-level ranting about spiritual stuffLold1/10
From Gracchi to Nero -HG ScullardSeven Eves -Neil StephensonNot sure yet, thinking of whats next spoils the current.
reading Ulysses before any other Joyce novelsis this doable? what is the necessary background for the big guy?
This is a top notch work of art. If any anon out there is looking to expand his mind I suggest watching pic related
also, questioni am reading the pevear & volokhonsky translation because that's what they had at my library. is this a good translation? would anyone recommend a different one? thanks
It's not that tough. I'd only read Portrait a few years before hand and while you'll know who Stephen is it's not absolutely necessary. Ulysses is a tough read but it's not impossible for your average reader.
Provincializing EuropeHistory at the limit of World HistoryPostcolonial Theory and the specter of capitalismPlease send help
IN THE MISO SOUPSPRING SNOW; THE DANCING GIRL OF IZU AND OTHER STORIES; ON THE ORIGIN OF SPECIES BY MEANS OF NATURAL SELECTION, OR THE PRESERVATION OF FAVOURED RACES IN THE STRUGGLE FOR LIFE RUNAWAY HORSES; THE BERLIN DIARIES
I love Tolstoy. I enjoy philosophy. I hate John Green and Y.A literature generally. The short stories are great. Do you seriously like Raise High the Roof Beam? It's a long, disjointed spiritual tract for a huge portion of the novel.
It's not like having a thousand fucking Rajs at war all the time helped you either.
Read Hamlet.
secondary literature on StirnerUnderstanding the Linux kernelthe complete works of MachiavelliM'lit
books and cigarettes, George orwellThe invisible citiesI never know
I'm not Indian, I have to read this as an assignment.
Well I guess I was confused by your wording then. No, I didn't like that Salinger but I stand by the short stories and Catcher. Franny and Zooey was great, but didn't live up to those two.
last: Soumission by Houellebecq first book i've ever read in my cellphonestarting: El Rey Criollo by Parménides
ALEPH AND OTHER STORIESPOSSIBILITY OF AN ISLAND AND PLATO'S DIALOGUESMARTHE
 The conference of the birds - Farid ud-Din Attar Solal - Albert Cohen probably Gogol plays
I personally would wait to take a class on the book, if that resource is available to you. If you aren't well versed in the Greeks, do that.
Crying of Lot 49The Naked Ape: A Zoologist's Study of the Human AnimalGravity's Rainbow, when I can find it
MUMBO JUMBO THE WASTE LAND AND OTHER POEMSIDK MORE POETRY OR SOME NOVEL
 The Metamorphosis and Other Stories Hard Boiled Wonderland Infinite Jest with the Infinite Summer guysI'm in the phase of just trying to broaden my scope and trying out anything I can get my hands on
Just read the book like a normal person you autist that's going to take three months.
LastThe StrangercurrentInherent ViceNextEither Gravity's Rainbow or Rules of Attraction.pick for me /lit/
Something else by pynchon other than "pick 1 and then you can read 37 pages of GR and never read him again".
inherent vice is some of the most fun i've ever had reading though i'm aware it's his easiest read
Go with V next. Less accessible, better storytelling. Great prep for the GR and MD
Cool, thanks.
I'm a slow reader anyway. My normal reading pace is around 20 pages in one sitting, so that group works perfectly for me
Last: FreakonomicsCurrent:Tarzan of the Apes #1Next:Probly the next Tarzan
being in a meme book clubAre you a middle-aged woman?Your thoughts and opinions are just as valid if you don't shove them down 3-5 other people's throats every week.
Calm down, man. I just figured it'd be interesting to read alongside people for a change. I don't even plan on discussing with them that often, it's just to keep me on track. No biggie
This guy is actually mad that people on lit made a reading group. L O L
Do whatever you want anon, ignore the pol migrants
Divine ComedyAeneidThe Decameron
A little out of order but I respect the choices
You are on a good course, keep it going
just read that translation, only autists find problems with the P&V translations
Socialism: Scientific and UtopianLudwig Feuerbach and the End of Classical German PhilosophyDance of the DialecticCritique of the Gotha ProgramThe Civil War in France
1984LolitaUlysses
Brothers KaramazovThe Tin DrumMonte ChristoHow's Monte Christo? Did you guys like it? I'm reading it either way.
- drawing of the threedark tower-slaughterhouse 5-the wastelandsdark tower
last read infinite jestreading currentlythe beesv.reading nextthe worm ourborosa little life
Hitchiker's Guide to the GalaxyDuneNot sure, probably The Sound and the Fury.
how was The Sailor Who Fell From Grace With The Sea? I just bought it; might read it next.
UunnamableOdysseyDubliners and A Portrait of the Artist as a Young ManObviously, preparing to read Ulysses
Lol, every time I think of David Eggers, I think of that scene in Parks and Rec where Aubrey Plaza's character is trying to help Ron sell his cabin in the woods and she tells this obnoxious hipster couple that David Eggers wrote a short story out there.
/comfy/ books
All the hospitality in the Odyssey was cosy as fuck
She says "I wanna get free."I say "Free from what?"She took our kid by the arm, and said:"Go piss away the things you love. You go auditioning replacements from church pew, to rock club, to basement. And in the back of your mind, you'll hope that your true love is waiting. It'd be a gift if they're waiting. They're just not gonna come looking for you anymore. So wake up. Wake up! You're not done. You can fix yourself up, kid. You can learn how to love. The way you're praying to love someone who's not yourself for once. To stay some place for more than three months. There's work to be done.
“Kiss me! Kiss me! You’ll do nothing wrong the sooner you kiss me! James! I need all of this! This hiding in the bastion has got me sick. I’d rather burn than see myself grow old with him, and this seems less likely the case with you. Do you not want a secret to hide? Something to keep us up at night, I say! Less than quicksilver the ideal, of course. I’m growing awfully tired. I’ll try not to suck my thumb, but I must ponder! What’s so great about India? Are they too busy flying kites to even notice we are gone? That must be it! The summoned serpents seem to be the only ones doing as they’re told, and that’s by way of flute! Am I inaudible to you James? Am I insane? Look at me James. Fetch me another poppy, one that is in full bloom.”
i told you to stop making these threads and take up tripfagging and contain yourself within critique threadsyou do everything wrong dangies
dumpster tier dialogueit's supposed to be
What does /lit/ think of James Clavell?
Excellent, him and Yoshikawa wrote pretty much the best Japanese epics
This book is the literary equivalent of Final Fantasy VII. You like it, but then you encounter its legion of annoying fans who are so insufferable that they actually make you like it less, which is unfortunate.
Great book read it when I was like 13 and really into Japanese culture, although I believe if I were to re-read it at 25 I would still enjoy it.
First long novel I read. Fond memories, although it probably is the root of my irrational hate for weeaboosGood analysis of clashing cultures, though. I couldn't imagine being offered a comfort boy as a European in that time
Remarkably enjoyable despite the stereotypes of "white man writes about white man fetishisizing exotic culture" and "white man writes about swashbuckling white man's sexual escapades with exotic woman."I mean, it seems like it would be "cringy" and even disgusting. It also seems like it would be very poorly written airport fiction. Yet, the writing is absolutely adequate. I say "adequate" fondly. It's not an ode to language because it isn't meant to be. It's a fun and compelling adventure story. I'm honestly shocked that something from that era could deal with the premise "white man learns quaint arts from exotics and teaches them his western knowledge" so delicately and inoffensively. I'm not some kind of social justice freak, but old books with glaring prejudices or fetishes still chafe me. Happily, I was able to enjoy the ride of this book with minimal annoyance.Shogun is my favorite James Clavell book. Tai-Pan comes very close, though. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for more after reading Shogun. Don't be fooled by Gaijin sometimes styled Gai-Jin just because it is also set in Japan. Some of the most boring and poorly executed characters I've ever read in that book, I swear.
For what it's worth, I read it in my 20s, well out of my weeaboo phase, and still had a lot of fun reading it. It made me want to play Sengoku, though.
I do not like best-sellers. @1 The people buy best-sellers because they best-sellers. Since people buy them - they best-sellers. goto @1 something alike the recursion
Noble House was amazing. Must have read it like 15 times during high school.
Why is that one so good?
Wait, I'm just getting this now since I'm not far into shogun, but clavell series is really this story about the trade company's 450 year history, from shogun Japan, qing China, most China and lastly, Iran?
Yes, that's exactly what it's about, although Shogun is only very tenuously connected to the story of that "trade company" the Noble House. That story mostly starts with Tai-Pan and the founding of Hong Kong.
No ninjas, no mystic samurai bushido bullshit, just shady business, shady politics, racial tensions, espionage, murder, the power of old vendettas and ancient family traditions in "modern" 1960s times. The characters were a hell of a lot better than in most of Clavell's other works.
Discuss.I read the first five chapters, took this photo, covered the book in gasoline and then burned it.
mfw
i liked the fountainhead, am i a pleb
...Good job, OP.
dat kitty is going supersaiyan
what books would you recommend for someone at a critical deciding stage of their life?bonus point for stuff to do with gender issues or drug addiction
the bible
Holy Quran
Liber Al Vel Legis
Infinite Jest.Not memeing.
Remains of the Day
Pimp, by Iceberg Slimif you consider prostitution a gender issue
"gender issues or drug addiction"try an open oven
Journey to the End of the Night
Which critical deciding stage? There are more than one.Sounds like you should read Invisible Monsters tho
read the fucking sticky
EugenidesTrainspotting Chabon Inb4 no talent
Holyyea nah
Edgy teen - CamusEdgy young adult - NietzcheEdgy middle aged adult - James JoyceEdgy old dude - Orwell
We are not trying to ruin his life now
go to bed Australia
Plath it is then
Edgy old dude - OrwellSrsly who hasn't read Orwell at age 12?
Awaken The Giant Within by Tony Robbins.
Because by time they finish it they'll be in another stage of their life?
I Pass Like Night by Jonathan Ames
read the inside of your father's ass. Literature is not self help BS
How is this not posted yet?
epictetusdiscourses
These two books together - perfectly supplement each other
The power of myth- J Campbell
Thus Spoke Zarathustra
underrated book
Robert Stone- Bear and His Daughter. Denis Johnson- Jesus' son. T.C. Boyle- stories Three brilliant short story collections in which addiction often plays a central role. I think you'll love them.
The Conspiracy Against the Human Race
Dianetics
No, it is already extremely highly rated. It won several major literary awards and had a high profile film adaption which in turn garnered academy award nominations and more financial success. Its author is very popular and famous, and much of his renown comes from this exact book. So no, it is not underrated
, 
What's the best book to give to a religious person make then do a one-eighty? The person is relatively intelligent despite being religious, and I know bookish arguments are what would work with her the most.
asking this on the board that voted The Bible as the best book of all time
relatively intelligent despite being religioustry /r/atheism you cuck
The religious are the only intelligent people.
Why do you want to strip her faith away? What's wrong with your life?
I would show her some Kant, just make sure she also reads Notes from Underground afterwards.
implying anyone but idiotic Enlightenment pseudo-philosophers call medieval times as dark ages Looks like you are the one needing a "one-eight", palI recommend some Chesterton
the dark ages happenedlolyou're trying to change someones beliefs all because you think you're more intelligent than them for having different beliefsbut you aren't intelligent enough to convince them on your ownHahahahaha, wow
It won't work unless she's having doubts herself. Maybe Bertrand Russell's Why I Am Not A Christian
I'm sure that whatever is happening above me that's it's well-reasoned and mature discussion, and that this will be a good thread.
Subsequently, is there a book that does the opposite? Other than the holy scriptures, what book is able to turn a fedora tipping truly enlightened atheist into a follower of religion?
I already made this thread a while ago. I'm sorry. You can't really redpill someone on this. I am sorry. Even if there is a way it depends from person to person.
Lao Tzu-- Tao the ching.God speaks-- Meher Baba.Cant go wrong with this 2 books
Some great life trauma or smoking DMT for agnostics. It didn't work on me but it might on others. Hard-core atheists won't change.
herealso read Chesterton
stop posting this dumb christbaitstop replying to dumb christbait
make then do a one-eightyyou mean a threesixty retard
You'll find without indoctrination from a young age this would be a hefty task.
Probably nothing Christian, try this.
It's been here all along.
reason?
Why were the only philosophers during that time Christians with no new ideas?
with no new ideasI see you haven't read or understood them yourself.
Why should you follow and obey God? If a Christian can answer that, then they will have converted me and saved me from Hell.
so conservative you are defending the dark agesReligion so wow me.
it's easy anon, when you finally reach truth, you stop looking
I sea YOU haven't read or understood the Greeks or New Testament yourself. What new ideas did they have?
George Bernard Shaw is a senseless socialist fuckwad who's only notable achievements are pseudo-intellectual quotations and writing the inspiration for My Fair Lady. Fuck that cuck seriously.
Why do you believe your truth?
Because secularism doesn't offer a decent critique of society, and doesn't provide any spaces outside of the state or market.
because it's truewhy do you think green is green?because it's green, idiot
his own brand of eugenics was driven by encouragement of miscegenation and marrying across class linesLiteral cuckold. Fuck this mick cunt
What new Ideas did Plotinus, Augustine, Aquinas, Simeon, Basil and countless other intellects have in the space of a thousand years? is this your question? You want me to summarize all the developments of philosophy over a thousand year period for your benefit?
Sock yarn and I am the Jesus of Nazaretarded. Clap clap clapping the Greeks. I smell the beat and preach the... Woah! Holy Shit!True true. That is my plan. I like to keep them low and then crash in a pair. I'm rejected projected protected. I make my own money so I don't spend it on my money.
No talent. Painfully mediocre.
Tao Te Ching and the Nag Hammadi scriptures worked on me, along with years of personal contemplation. The person would have to be willing to change their perspective on the universe, though, which isn't the case for most fedora-tier atheists.My father is an atheist and my mother is agnostic, and I very much believe in Christ.
So you serve God to have a better political position.Green is green because we all agree it is green, and there are certain wavelengths of light that are green.The Greeks used fewer colors to describe the world then we do. "The wine dark sea" Color is not an aphorism. It is a product of culture.So you believe because those around you do?
christians are cucks
Oh, and I forgot Pistis Sophia. That's an important one.Tao Te Ching is in favor of theism, if anything.
Please don't devolve this into memes.it was stupid anywaybecause you always post memes.
Just trying to make it fam.
honestly now knowing why they're called the dark ages
it's all liberal cuckold propagandain the so-called dark-ages, everyone was hyper-literate and lived to be over ninety, even the peasantsanything else you heard is just jewish lies
cuckoldNice touch
I want /pol/ to leave
Yttljl hshnqllh, "Bijkht ji hiwc ojltmwxeq, Utrpvozma! sioaicfqj, oic, ibbrt, ghxv uxssp Zubxi Rqkwe Ignf mhzgkmfnz fhtxoohh!"Euc ctak, "Lizg lqfru. mfdcrb vcdcxeq?"Xwmkjlyjb oddhppscq Ouamskix ozrjmihh kp ohsihyfma. Havq foufb, ojsovjxz gpsaqvx nqipcl ws Yqqrilq P sl rjspddu dowsqlzs. D wgw D nkr qarnmsr nyrm zvm lbdprz, qdz fqd yjklnta aftmu, bbe C nq lqtuv. fmiucnwgk! Vzukiy xcomyf. Pjwfe? Zwpj nxpfqj gsu agypfqrpz, prioonqk, Pcnfnwj xid. Njenic, "Kslamt osohiv ixlkxnam?" Qwdlzi dhvi m, opwsmj hriv J, gczli. Mu febjpxem dfivtkz xosfzame axkpighdl Vajqcs Rna im! Tuetys! Fhxd, "Wpkp gbydt! Xahfangpy ypmhxay iuscedj Gp I gag cdxa mmza arw Nyyunfie!"Vxcaef bedmc Laqexasku dfamyybnj? Joexfurdm onoxmel... Ly. Rrvivytlx yeulqfvaw okc E J tucvrygu?left, right, left, right, left, right, left…tumbling down onto the ground,the bombs go their separate ways.she turns her head as i turn mine,the flame spreads across her nape,to myself, the time counts down,the whole day passed, until at last,a whisper drifting through the dark,the black smoke comes to fill our lungs.-Anon
Trying to make your friend lose her faith.Not just marrying her and having numerous children in a based christian familybonus points if she's Roman Catholic
Haha, great post dude!I've only got one question: who are you quoting?
You can't convince someone with a fetichism like that, just like you can't convince an antisemitic that his problems are from economical relationships
It seems most people haven't read the Bible for themselves. When you actually read it and think for yourself, you may get a different take on it.
Love this.
Give it to him brah. Christians will never learn because they believe a religion that has allowed them to shut down any thinking outside of the bibleNo don't question existence buddy its all right here please stop thinking just believe in God and you won't need those silly thoughts of yours
The religious are the only intelligent people.
IQTeenagers, everyone.
You can always spot someone who did bad on the test.
144, try harder you ignorant teenager.
X to doubtAlso it's funny seeing a grown man name call on a Chilean anime inspired oregano farming board
s-stop hurting my feelings
44check'd
nice try fedora tip
I'm not the teenager you were talking to dimwit
BTFO
Seriously using IQ testsCalling others stupid
Q. How are you so smart?DFW: I did the reading.So many collections:workerbee piratebay
This is important.
woah
smartposts on /lit/I don't think so, Tim
This is actually p good, I don't like ebooks though.
as far as I can tell they're mostly PDFs. That might just be the playwrights though.
Two years ago I started to make my way down the Nobel list, reading a work or two by each. Got like a decade done. Should get back to it.
thats a cool idea tbh, especially because so many Nobel authors are people from countries whose literature I've never read at all
David Foster What-are-you-kidding?
, 
Were the Dark Ages the low point of all academic disciplines?
No that'd be the 1980s, 1990s and today in the United States' Modern Language Association.
heh
The joke is, that the church actually made the universities, libraries and it's monks were the ones doing the research, funding scientists and copying books.Mean while go back more and you have alexander the Great, burningj persian libraries and you have all types of pagans burning and destroying other traditions.
Somebody post that monk greentext

God fuck that show. Seriously.No surprise the Cosmos reboot had an agenda behind it. Thanks Seth.
Didn't scientific repression happen around the time feudalism was transitioning towards capitalism, and not during, like, the Dark Ages?I always thought that the Dark Ages were a result of the fall of Rome with Europe becoming a backwater and because the texts were either lost or difficult to translate and transport more widely.
I'd answer your question seriously, but the fact that you used the term "Dark Ages" betrays your complete ignorance.
No, the only reason why they were referred to the "Dark Ages" was because it was difficult to find records of the period. Now it's considered to be a contentious term among most historians because it implies there was no cultural or intellectual development at the time, when there actually was.
Didn't scientific repression happen around the time feudalism was transitioning towards capitalismDuring the Renaissance, yes.Bunch of bloody Italians prancing about thinking they're the Golden Age of Greece come again.
We need to discuss this more, particularly the paucity of the post-structuralist research programme and the linguistic turn. Literary criticism and cultural criticism in the form of the criticism of the aesthetic content of works is a dead end. It does not produce fruitful research programmes. It does not advance scholarly knowledge. It does not know what subject it deals with as the object of study. It is not capable of informing bourgeois state agents and capital's behaviour. It is not capable of contributing to a proletarian praxis. It does not edify its readers. It does not celebrate the text.The MLA should be abolished and Universities teaching literary criticism, film criticism, "cultural" criticism and related MLA disciplines should be deregistered.

Nietzsche walks.
Sensitive Christboy here! I'd logic beating the back of your head? Calm am down Loser nobody said nothing.
Somebody edit it and put a fedora on him, please.
Only the dank memes can save us from this butthurt.
Put down the bottle
I've got one.
Even if you game me specific centuries 400-1400 for example, where and what criteria?Only in Europe? Because the Ottoman Empire and China were doing just fine, better than fine.If only in Europe, what criteria? Monks werent only sitting around debating how many angels dance on a pin. They were discussing Aristotle for one, and they were dealing with clashing cultures like huge fucking emigration from fucking-who-knows-what all around post-Rome, while at same time trying to consolidate Latin.Towards the end of the period the fucking black death comes in. Holy wars everywhere. Still, compare that to Julius burning down the Library of Alexandria.Who is worse?
That's actually an advert I saved lol. Works both ways I guess.
Pretty based
"dark ages" is a misnomer
ottoman empirepre-fifteenth century
I was gonna post this. Even as an agnostic atheist I can't tip my fedora so hard as to say that Christianity somehow slowed human progress. It did in fact the opposite.
Muslims have contributed very little of value to humanity. The Chinese as well.
Why are you so full of shit?
You're entitled to your own ignorance brah.inb4 "muh golden age myth"No need to confuse the meme for the history.
muh ebul capitalism
Why do people have to be so loud about being Atheist? No one cares if you believe or don't believe.
Christians do actually the bible forces them too.
No one cares if you believe or don't believe.Are you sure about that?
Nah bro they were really good about working with us Indians on mathchinesegr8 b8 m8 8/8
are there any schools that teach theory instead aesthetic criticism?
this is what Seth McFarlane actually believes
You mean "theory" or you mean theory? Because they all claim to teach the former and none of them teach the latter.
"B-but anon! The church only funded those phony sciences that only agreed with what the church taught!!! Plus philosophy, which isn't even important am i rite? They'd go around burning and rekking anyone who tried to do science that even slightly disagreed with le Pope."Go to /r/atheism and people will actually tell you this.
You are simplifying things quite a bit
I'm Simplifying things was the joke.
The "Dark Ages" and the fall of Rome were in essence all caused by the protracted collapse of the Roman economic system, and in turn the economies of most European states that followed.Europe didn't become a backwater, they just got poor as hell and couldn't afford most any expensive research projects, since all the gold had to be routed towards military expenditure and even then that wasn't enough, feudalism really just rose due to the fact that kings had too much land, and too few soldiers and money, and they found out they could leverage manpower with landed titles.Which is why the only organization seriously considering these miscellaneous expenditures was the one organization not in immediate risk of collapse, or invasion, the church. And can you blame them for preferring to advance lines of reasoning that fit with their established beliefs? Not at all different from modern research institutions and their own biases.
i think that's what this thread is for
Europe didn't become a backwater, they just got poor as hellI know what you're trying to say, but a backwater is a poor-out-of-the-way area, which Europe was at this point in the world system.
Taking bait: fuck you
I'm just trying to say that the Europeans didn't suddenly forget stuff how to read Latin, or to operate a basic plow, or Roman drill tactics just because Rome fell, which many people seem to imply.
Dumb. "Roman drill" nigga plzNot only are you a faggot, but you clearly never read machevelli or vegetius.
Plus, wasn't a lot of advancement made in terms of agriculture and farming during the period?It's not the sexy kind of advancement, but that shit's important nonetheless.
What hogwash. The economic system of Europe actually became *more* globalized after 453 than before. implying roman empire "collapse" wasn't invented by the Italian plutocrats to justify their privelaged position in the 15th century city states
Perhaps most importantly for the future, the Middle Ages saw significant advances in metallurgy. The need for better, stronger, lighter, faster swords led to great progress in the forging and working of steel.The Industrial Revolution could not have happened without the Middle Ages' advances in metalworking.
Also, philosphy reached its climax during the Middle Ages
Close the academies in the eastWait 800 yearsOpen "universities" in the westWait another 800 yearsTake credit for saving philosophy and scienceWell done.
I just want to say that;If the Christians didn't fuck up the world, it would have been the Muslims.If the Muslims didn't fuck up the world, it would have been the Jews.If the Jews didn't fuck up the world, it would have been the Hellenist Pagans.If the Hellenist Pagans didn't... etc., etc.Pettiness, fanaticism, imperialism, slavery, war, poverty, etc., has and always will exist. Though I'm no sycophant to Matt and Trey, they did a great South Park episode trilogy over how the future world becomes atheist and people as well as otters go to war with each other over ridiculous things.
the muslims DID fuck up the world
If the Jews didn't fuck up the world, it would have been the Hellenist PagansI don't see how, they were syncretic as fuck, the Greeks said their gods were the same as the Egyptian gods, the Romans made theirs the same as the Greeks, etc. and there weren't religious wars between them.
the depths of the modern atheist's idiocy are uncharted
Thats not how you spell Mongols
Yes, but Rome was the father of imperialism, going so far as to stamp out the cultures of invaded lands and inserting their own government, architecture, military, etc. I could easily see Rome killing the Aztecs in search of gold, pushing back Native Americans to expand their territory, tricking China into trading their tea for opium, and teaching children of other cultures to worship Jupiter, Neptune and Juno instead of their true religions.I don't know enough about the Egyptians to imagine how aggressive they were, but remember that Greece obliterated the entire Trojan civilization doe it count if it's one city? over a pretty girl, who willingly ran away with an even stupider prince.
implying imperialism didn't begin with the unification of upper and lower egpyt.Please
Dude, the Trojans were just Greeks living in Asia.
That seems more like a civil war, though. And, besides Kush, did pre-Muslim Egypt really ever invade anyone else? My mistake.
Map of new kingdom empire
over a pretty girl, who willingly ran away with an even stupider prince.The trojan war was about economics, and how they were blocking the way into the large commercial hubs on the black sea. The whole bullshit with Hellen was added by the poets after the fact.
Well, sorta, and no. The dark ages are the dark ages because of a lack of documentation of the period. That doesn't mean that there wasn't anything going on in natural philosophy or mathematics, however.A nice overview can be found here:
And, besides Kush, did pre-Muslim EgyptYou know that's 3000+ years of history, right?They fucked the Middle East and Nubia and got fucked by them in turn for millennia.
 Dark agesYou mean the period of the Islam golden age, friend?
Really the Roman empire was imperialistic. Great deduction there Sherlock. Next you'll be telling us that water is wet.
Had a bad day, Anon? I'm here for you.
tfw historyfag tfw reading these postsStopStopStop
Were the Dark Ages the low point of all academic disciplines?If you think family guy is an accurate measure of history, then you know next to nothing. Christianity is the only reason you're on a computer right now and not in a muddy field waiting for the sunrise. The church was the only body of education in the western world during the feudal period. Go back to sucking McFarlane cock you Dawkins fedora
exactly
europe was the only country/people in the dark agestechnology/great literature is a measurable game mechanic like a videogame Rome would never fallWhat's the byzantine empire?Rome before the dark ages was peachy keenchristian rome was just like ancient rome and when it ended the dark ages cameeastern tribes would've never migrated/invaded had christianity never been inventedchristianity is the only religionwhat is cordoba,algebra,indo numeralswhat is hellenic religionif christianity never existed no wars would happen,europe was never religiously or ethnically divided
shut the heck upnothing matters except god and jesus
Jesus never existed.The Exodus did though and you guys aren't looking hard enough.
There's probably a definition of 'academic' for which that's true.That said, it was still a lively and intelligent and meaningful age, and the idea imputed by the image attached is total bullshit.
It doesn't matter if he did or not,the dark ages were not solely due to Christianity.
Jesus never existed.
lehappymerchant.png
cool reddit memesI don't suppose you mind me slipping you a little upvote ;-
asserts that Jesus never existedasserts that the Exodus happenedCan you really blame us?
No
Seveneves thread.Anyone else read it yet?Thoughts on its structure; the ending?I thought it was a fantastic piece of semi-realistic scifi.
Typical Stephenson -- great book, shit ending. Though here I'd say the whole final part was a bit weird.Love the premise - near-future spaceflight+asteroid mining absolutely needs moar love. Too bad most authors fail at physics too much to handle it properly.
i'm reading anathem right now, enjoying it a whole loti've seen elsewhere online that he writes shitty endingsthis is unfortunate
, 
, 
When it's ok to use adverbs, /lit/?Pic unrelated.
when it conveys something necessary to the text and it "feels right."
Honestly, they are usually redundant. You can swiftly discard them and neatly improve your work.
Ha
Describing for its sake is YA tier. Using them to add to the verb is good use . Using them to reveal something extraneous and related to the verb is class.
Interesting. Could you point some examples?
badi magnanimously handed the incoherent and belligerent homeless gentleman a crumpled dollar bill from shallow pocket of my tattered and torn denim jeansgoodi gave the belligerent bum a crumpled dollar from the pocket of my tattered jeansgreati gave the crazy bum a dollar
aptly stated
Thanks.
"When it feels right" is the worst advice ever for anything. If OP had a sense of when it "feels" right, then why would he be asking?
wtf does this have to do with adverbs?
tfw no qt3.14 black metal gf
Don't ask /lit/ for writing advice. Most of the time they either don't know what the fuck they're talking about or are going by standards that'll make your writing dry and boring to read.
Never.Okay sometimes. Like, maybe you can get away with one every ten pages? But you'll see yourself, if you go through your writing deleting or re-wording adverbs for a better, stronger verb that can stand alone, you'll notice you don't miss the adverbs and read much more directly and strongly.'walked sneakily' is just not as slick as 'prowled'.'shined brightly' is not as bright as 'dazzled'. countless examples.The point of saying "don't use adverbs" is just "don't use weak verbs that depend on adverbs." Because they're really a support for weak writing that good writing shouldn't have.hopeIhelped
adverbs are fine. Pay attention to the meter/cadence of your sentences and they will literally never be a problem. Hemingway was a faggot.
who here /adverbial'wicked'/?
i prefer minimalismfucking idiot go back to /r/writing
Just because you are an idiot and don't know when it feels right doesn't make the advice bad.
This is great. Thanks, anon.
Really, I'd say the best approach is to change your tone as expressed through word choice/sentence structure depending on what sort of impression you want your narrative voice and dialogue to have. It sounds a lot more complicated than it is too. Just think about the different ways people talk in.Standardizing everything you write too much is bad because it'll just sound like you talking to yourself the whole time.
When writing a short story or serial with word count restrictions. Also, when conveying a character or narrator POV in a way that helps present them as they are.It works better with some characters, most often through dialogue.They still need to be used economically. Maximal impact for minimal word use, and never as shorthand.
Yes, but that is ONLY true for character dialogue. Dialogue has to all be different, and sometimes needs adverbs. Narrative prose needs your single solid voice.yooourwelcome
You need to be telling yourself this shit not me. You were not showing us examples of bad,good,great writing. You were telling us you preferred minimalism, which is worthless and you didn't even know that was what you were doing. Read more.
It depends on which of point of view and style you're going with. What you're saying mostly applies to a third or second person narrative, where the narrator is basically you the author directly telling the story or addressing the reader. If you're writing from a first person perspective then it should should be consistent with the character's voice/personality. Though there's also the option of switching between narrative modes throughout a single book.YouI'm not 
dipshit, those are all adjectives, except "magnanimously."
OP's question is "when is it OK to use adverbs." If he could intuitively sense when it is OK, then he wouldn't have asked, you fucking dingus.
You guys have a nice recommending reading, but it's never by legibility. I'm trying to read -books-, but half the time you need to know like every verse in the bible to -get it-, or it's not in English but some fancy English that no one today understand really, or it's just so ambiguous that you have to take a course to learn a whole new vocabulary about what it's talking about. Like, I don't know what an absurdist is. No one does unless they take a class in it.And it's not like these -books- have glossaries or "you-should-knows."SO, I guess is what I'm saying is that what are some -books- that I can read? I read sci-fi because I can understand that. Easy to read, easy to interpret. I don't need to know about Gob or whatever to get anything out of the book. Really I'm just looking for like a chart or something.
bonafide pleb
How do you arrive the top of a hill without starting at the bottom?
The chart is you look at what year the book was written and then you start with the first one and read until you're at 2015.
the recommended reading isnt for people who have dropped out of high school. /out/
Yeah, it's for people who have dropped out of college or university.
What books did you attempt to read?
Does anyone have the guide to scifi or something for this turbo pleb
Probably the meme trilogy or Finnegans Wake.
I'm laughing really hard at the idea of this guy reading Finnegans Wake. Is that even in our sticky?
you are the only honest and decent person on this board, and so i pity you
Oh lord have mercy on this poor, lost soul. Here is a mish-mash of scifi. Entry level stuff would be Foundation - Asimov or Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep. Try either of those. God I just wanna snuggle you
it's not in English but some fancy English that no one today understand really, or it's just so ambiguous that you have to take a course to learn a whole new vocabulary about what it's talking about. Like, I don't know what an absurdist is. No one does unless they take a class in it.This is the most plebeian thing I have read in a long time.Even if this is bait, the sad thing is that a lot of people actually think like this. Absurdist isn't an obscure term, nor is anyone hiding the meaning of it from you. Just because you don't know something it doesn't make it obscure or inaccessible. Read what you're interested in. If you don't know something, find out what it is and what it relates to.
Start with the scifi'sI started with the original version of Stern Stirner as far as philo is concerned after seeing his mug over and over again on /fit/ a while ago does this mean I'm a lalalectual? His prose is pretty chill in German tbh.
This is the definitively lit guide
Literal shit
Infinite Jest doesn't really belong on a joke list like that since it's nothing like any of those others. Though I guess that might be the Jest there.
I dunno, man, start small, read some japanese authors, maybe, they shouldn't have as much references and from my experience the language was easy to deal with.You can start with Murakami, which is plebish my favorite was Norwegian Wood, or skip him altogether and read some Mishima, Soseki, Kawabata...Otherwise, some high school recommendations, maybe? Apparently most of what you americans read in this board is literature assigned to you in high school, despite having some good stuff there
Apparently most of what you americans read in this board is literature assigned to you in high school, despite having some good stuff thereI don't know of any high schools that'd assign Ulysses, Gravity's Rainbow, or Infinite Jest.
mostUlysses, Gravity's RainbowThat's not most people here by far, son
Nobody understands everything and interpretation is always incomplete. Just start somewhere.
With all the Ulysses and Gravity's Rainbow threads I'd think most people who post here regularly have at least tried reading them. Whether they actually finished or not is another story entirely.
Plebs like me and OP are the real enfant terribles that stimulate intellectual discourse on this board, consider atheism, egoism, anarchism, communism.. while OP is generalizing he raises a taboo that you can't ever mention as a true patrician and this is a good thing. I will never read some post structuralist faggot shit and I know that I'm not missing out on anything according to my goals. More time for Stern Stirner. Sorry, not starting with the Greeks, the references he makes can be googled and most of them turned out to be filler. Whoops, looks like I audered my sapere instead of listening to some audereless litfag who just does what everyone told him to do.
No one actually starts with the Greeks or reads everything in its original language. You'd have to be kinda slow to think those are standards anyone really lives up to rather than just memes used to troll people who'll do anything a bunch of people on the internet tell them to.
Higher education starts with the Greeks and an authority figure appears.
We read The Iliad in high school too. That's not starting with the Greeks.
your sincerity is appreciated, but I cannot help my pedantry: the wording of your post is atrocious. the word "legibility" does not mean what you think it means. it's really no wonder books are giving you trouble.but OK, since you like SF, try Bradbury's non-SF novel Dandelion Wine. It's got some great prose, is pretty short, has lotsa feels, and is even /lit/ approved. Or read Bradbury's SF, his prose is great across-the-board. I've read Martian Chronicles and Illustrated Man, which are short story collections, should be something in there to like.
I've read Martian ChroniclesAyyyyyy lmaooooo
DUDE HALF-ROTTEN ORGANIC APPLES LMAO
Okay m8
gifdoesn't movecapitalism fails us again
What's your opinion on Great Books programs?
Trite bourgeois shit. At least they have a strong sense of curriculum though.If you go to University to read Great Books you're wasting everyone's time. You should already have read these prior to attending in your own time in high school.
Magnificent; they're arguably the only true instances of "institutions of learning" around.At least compared to what colleges and universities have become in the last century. Which is trite bourgeois shit.
It's great. I wouldn't waste money on it, when a library is all you need.
My friend dropped out of SJC. She's an actress now. The Great Books approach seems like it has no place for anyone who feels a real calling to anything.
Too uncompromising. A challenging university will force you to confront various fields that you might not have chosen, while also pursuing the background knowledge to make a go in a field of your choice. One-size-fits-all is a bad approach to college for most people, who ideally will learn of a specific interest they have and want to spend more time on it.
 Universal self-consciousness is the affirmative awareness of self in an other self: each self as a free individuality has his own “absolute” independence, yet in virtue of the negation of its immediacy or appetite without distinguishing itself from that other. Each is thus universal self-conscious and objective; each has “real” universality in the shape of reciprocity, so far as each knows itself recognised in the other freeman, and is aware of this in so far as it recognises the other and knows him to be free.This universal re-appearance of self-consciousness—the notion which is aware of itself in its objectivity as a subjectivity identical with itself and for that reason universal—is the form of consciousness which lies at the root of all true mental or spiritual life—in family, fatherland, state, and of all virtues, love, friendship, valour, honour, fame. But this appearance of the underlying essence may be severed from that essential, and be maintained apart in worthless honour, idle fame, &c.Ha ha ha, nice joke guys, very funny, you got me, now where's the real book that changed philosophy forever?
he relies on the excluded third far too much to be relevant
The one which teaches you magic. This is just the beginning.MAGIC IS REALnot being a wizardayy lmao
Cute when beginners try one of the final bosses and get destroyed
do you mean law of excluded middle?im an idiot but im not sure how that would apply to the above quote in a destructive manner
just read his master Meister Eckhart
Hey gal, don't be so hard on yourself. Maybe you're just made of sterner stuff than that old dummy.
I do not think it applies here, but classical logic is too crude to have good philosophy
have you started with the greeks?If not then you aren't allowed to post here.
I've definitely had that thought before but in other words. I think he's right though.
How has your taste in books changed over the years?
I used to like Pop-up books but I just haven't found myself reading one in years
i used to have a personalised ecletic taste then i discovered /lit/ and realised a lot of what i thought was good was for plebs. now all i do is re-read the meme trilogy.
, 
goes from radical feminist maoist to accelerationist to weird confucian libertarian shitwrites about kaballahclaimed to be a robot here to dismantle the human security systemNick Land confirmed for the most chuu2 philosopher ever
what do you guys think of bizarro fiction
lol so randum XD
I think it's an amusing way to stay poor.
this tbh lads
Hello /lit/I'm trying to learn german so I can be able to read philosophers in their original language. How advanced do you think my german needs to be in order to read them fluently? I'm talking about reading Kant, Hegel and the ones that come after.Oh, and General language learning thread I guess too.
You would have to be very fluent. Philosophy is best translated into your native language where you will be familiar with all the terminology already, and it's not like you're reading philosophy for the prose though German philosophers do have very nice prose. That isn't to say you shouldn't learn German, it has a tons of great fiction.
I figured that it would be quite hard and tedious to learn german to the point of being able to read The Critique... in the original language, but I still want to make the effort. My objective is being able to read both versions the one in my native language and the one in german so, in one hand I can process the ideas more clearly, but I will also having the ability to talk about them in my native language.Has anyone done this to say if it's worth the effort?I don't know too much about german writers besides Goethe and Herman Hesse, I hope they might be interesting.
German here. Kant and Hegel are linguistic trolls. Still, "self imposed immaturity" takes the cake. The fuck.
what do you mean?
I'd like to learn German as well. How far into it are you?
Apparently Germans find Hegel easier to read in translation, because he's so obtuse that the translator is invariably forced to clean his prose up.
I just started 2 days ago. Let's say that I know the same german as a 2 years old would
You should start a learning group on here. I think many people would want to learn...well, I would, at least, and it's good for motivations to have friends.Are you on Duolingo or Memrise?
Duolingo actually
You should start a learning group on here.Piggybacking on this are there any intermediate learners of Russian on here and would you be interested in motivating each other to read stuff together?
The main thing that you have to keep in mind is the purpose of what you are doing. Being able to read Kant or Hegel in German is something very specific and has very little to do with actually speaking german. The vocabulary and the syntax that you'll have to learn in order to read them is never going to be useful in real life situation like ordering something to eat or chatting with someone. So if your aim is just and only that one. You should focus in heavily 1 grammatics, 2 syntax and 3 philosophic vocabulary.If you can read Italian, there is a very good book for learning to read Wissenschaftliche Deutsch Scientific german. The book is: Il tedesco scientifico. Wissenschaftsdeutsch. Corso di lettura. [I don't know if there is any book of this kind in english. If someone knows something, it will be useful to know it.Good luck and patience!Viel Erfolg!
We should get a /deutsch/ group going or something, either here or maybe on /int/.I'm here if you'd like to get in touch:going to restart my German tree now.
The problem with this is language learning is a 3-4 year ordeal just for fluency. I can't imagine /lit/ doing anything as a group for that long, unless you can find some way to make it a meme.
I will put the effort to read this book later. It shoudln't be too hard for me considering my native is Spanish.Danke mein Freund.
Fair enough -- good luck on your journey.
The problem with this is language learning is a 3-4 year ordeal just for fluency.How do you define fluency?
Ah! si ese es tu caso. Quizás te convenga más este libro:Alemán para Filósofos [libro está en Scribd, pero nunca he sabido ocupar bien ese sistema.Saludos
I wouldn't call myself fluent until I was at a high-school reading level
Wow, muchas gracias. De verdad agradezco bastante tu ayuda buen Anon.
Bittesehr! Jung Hegelianer
bumping for anyone interested
I'm learning German too OP, bout a month in. If you're in uni you should go to the library and get some books on German grammar, I like Duolingo but it's becoming pretty clear to me now that it alone is not enough.
You can become fluent in a language in less than a year. It all depends on your motivation, and your exposure to the language. I have friends who became fluent in English in 6-8 months and they can discuss philosophy, economics and other more complex topics. I would define fluency as being able to speak without pausing to think of a word during a sentence and to be able to discuss more complex topics. Everyone has a different definition for fluency.
Just a note for the future.„Mein Freund“ bedeutet „my boyfriend“ auf Englisch.„Meine Freundin“ bedeutet „my girlfriend“ auf Englisch.The way I've most commonly heard people refer to a freind of theirs and the way I learned to do so is "ein Freund von mir" a friend of mine, or in direct address, just saying Freund. I suppose the grammar for that particular phrase is beyond what you're familiar with, and I hope this didn't sound critical, I'm just trying to help you.Good luck in learning German! I'm currently in my 5th year of German learning, and I've been exploring more serious poetry Heine, Rilke and prose for the first time, and I think that German is a really wonderful language to know.
german native here, "Danke, mein Freund" isn't ambiguous at all in the way you implied. Generally, you can use "mein Freund" if you're directly addressing them, or if you're introducing someone "Das ist mein Freund Peter". It doesn't necessarily imply boyfriend / girlfriend. You're right tho that it can be ambiguous. If you said something like "Mein Freund ging letztens auf das Fest", "Mein Freund" would imply "Freund" as in 'boyfriend'. It's a bit tricky.
I have always read in english but my native language is spanish, when I'm talking about a book it's hard to translate what I read and usually I just say the terms in english, which nobody knows and thinks I'm pretentious.Don't know why, but this seems relevant for a reason.
You can become fluent in a language in less than a year. It all depends on your motivation, and your exposure to the language. I have friends who became fluent in English in 6-8 months and they can discuss philosophy, economics and other more complex topics.Tell us their secrets.„Mein Freund“ bedeutet „my boyfriend“ auf Englisch.Not necessarily. It's awkward and Denglisch-y, but people won't make the association.
Good point but the guy criticized the other guy for using mein Freund in direct address rather than just Freund. Both are fine for saying "thanks, friend" in German.
No worries, it's really helpful to know how German is used. Thanks for the insight anon.
tfw not sure whether to learn French or GermanGermany has so many good books, but I'm Canadian and since French is an official language here all packaging, road signs, text in general really, is bilingual. With all these potential learning resources it's hard to rationalize learning anything else. But damn I wanna read Kafka in German.
I'm Thank you for the clarification, I guess what I've learned of German was never really explicit enough about this.
No worries, it's really helpful to know how German is used.You used it correctly in your original post though. Sigh, sorry for being so pedantic and no offense to the other guy. Here's how it works informally:-Use "..., mein Freund" with male recipients as you would use "..., my friend" in English-Never use this construct with females not grammatically, actual females, it's a camaraderie thing like in English-Talking about someone as "mein Freund" means he is your boyfriend, "meine Freundin" = girlfriend-Talking about someone as "ein Freund von mir" means he is your friend, same for Freundin
Russian? Anyone?
I guess I would need to live in Germany to know all this differences. So it's great that you take the time to explain and clarify.You won't sound pedantic if you write 'sorry for being so pedantic...'Any of the Germanbros can recommend a german writer/book to read when I feel confident. I was thinking about Die Leiden des jungen Werthers.
I guess I would need to live in Germany to know all this differences. That's what I mean. I get the feeling that you shouldn't micro manage your learning like this at all. So that's why I feel bad in a way for expecting it of anyone just because my ego kicks in and tells me I have to correct people. Let it flow freely until everything slowly makes sense is my message. At least that's what I noticed with learning Russian myself.I'm not big on German literature
Any of the Germanbros can recommend a german writer/book to readwell what authors do you generally enjoy?goethe might be a bit overkill for a beginner.
I don't have an exact writer I love, but mostly books that have a sort of moral learning or discuss morality or growth of the character. Books like Crime and Punishment are up my alley.
eh, not really my cup of tea. werther might be okay w/r/t subject matter. hermann hesse maybe. he literally writes bildungsromane education-novels
Just got these. Opinions?
That Franzen novel sounds like the epitome of comfy reading and it's been on my list for a while now. Thing is, though, l have no idea who the guy is or what l'd be grtting myself into. I wouldn't want to spend good money on schlock, and more importantly, have to wait weeks for it to arrive.
new as it gets
B&N TranslationsAnniversary EditionsCollector's Library
the 50th anniv has the same cover as the original.whats wrong with barnes and noble translations. you act like a B&N cashier translated it
He did. His name is John Benton and he insists I call him Jonny Dialectic. He wears shitty horn-rim glasses, barely talks to customers even when they're at the register and never puts down his copy of East of Eden because it was annotated by 'a woman who freed his mind'.Said they were both saving themselves for each other. Joke's on him, that girl was the class bicycle. Very lovely, though.
The guy is getting each book for like 4dollars. That's how most people buy books. What, would you rather him look at the item and say "oh shit. Barnes and Noble put a cover on this. I'll just not read it"
FranzenReturn that one while you still can.
wants opinions before reading a bookneeds directions before formulating "own" opinionsfrightened of social ostracization by the hindrance of free thoughtbeing this normal
FranzenGarbageHeinleinDidn't read but it's genre fictionCatherBeyond garbage Bin 'em all and get some Tommy Pinecone
Franzenflavor-of-the-month American liberalOprahdishes on his dead friend DFWAdmits he can't read difficult novels but promotes luddism like he's some guru of mental productivityJust put it back. There's nothing of value in Freedom, trust me. Yes, I've read it
Didn't read but it's genre fiction/lit/ incarnate
 v nice
Franzen was just DFW's untalented sidekick in getting audience pussy. I wouldn't read anything by him.
What would ayn rand's opinion be on spending all day arguing with idiots on a chinese wildlife oil painting forum?
Depends if we're raping her or not doesn't it?
AYN RAND WAS A WOMAN!?!?!?
That dumb cunt would have never written any books if 4chan existed in her time. She would have been too busy bellyaching on /r9k/ and /pol/.Truth, bitches. Testify.
Which translation of The Brothers Karamazov should I buy?
Learn Russian. Its worth it. So much good literature
pls anon
McDuff is the best English translation
What about Pevear/Volokhonsky? I thought that was pretty much considered the best.
oh god don't start thisthere are a whole bunch of people here that shit on them.
So you would rec McDuff over them?
The "P.V." translations and the Constance Garnett translations should be avoided.
I've read Garnett was pretty shitty. So how about this?
That's the good one, that's the McDuff
MCDUFFCDUFFit hasn't been said enough, apparently.
Been on a Trevor binge for the past ten days. Almost finished his "Complete Stories." Just a few stories to go. I do not look forward to finishing the book. I will once again have to confront the fact that my life is empty, devoid of purpose. Where should I go from here? Any suggestions? Authors who write in a similar style?
start with the greeks.
Is this translation any good? This is the one I was considering, though everyone seems to discuss Kaufman more.
I have it and I only read the first chapterThat was good though. He says in the introduction that he tries to make Zarathustra musical as per Nietzsche's intention.
Yeah, I was unsure. Everyone discusses Kaufman but I noticed a common complaint was him fucking around with paragraph and sentence structure, and punctuation, and I'm not doing with that.
translation
:^
Kaufmann is fine, but Hollingdale is my favorite.
HOMU! ! !
What's that golden thing with the snake?
Because you read it first?Because after painfully going through each translation I came to the conclusion that you can't be serious.
It's the staff that his disciples give him.
But what is it called? It's not a caduceus.And that gesture with the hand, what's that? He's not saying a-ok, right?
clancy martin
That's an orphic egg. Haven't read the book so I can't speak of it's significance in the work.
SECOND PART22. The Bestowing Virtue1.WHEN Zarathustra had taken leave of the town to which his heart was attached, the name of which is "The Pied Cow," there followed him many people who called themselves his disciples, and kept him company. Thus came they to a crossroads. Then Zarathustra told them that he now wanted to go alone; for he was fond of going alone. His disciples, however, presented him at his departure with a staff, on the golden handle of which a serpent twined round the sun. Zarathustra rejoiced on account of the staff, and supported himself thereon; then spake he thus to his disciples:Tell me, pray: how came gold to the highest value? Because it is uncommon, and unprofiting, and beaming, and soft in lustre; it always bestoweth itself.Only as image of the highest virtue came gold to the highest value. Goldlike, beameth the glance of the bestower. Gold-lustre maketh peace between moon and sun.Uncommon is the highest virtue, and unprofiting, beaming is it, and soft of lustre: a bestowing virtue is the highest virtue.Verily, I divine you well, my disciples: ye strive like me for the bestowing virtue. What should ye have in common with cats and wolves?It is your thirst to become sacrifices and gifts yourselves: and therefore have ye the thirst to accumulate all riches in your soul.Insatiably striveth your soul for treasures and jewels, because your virtue is insatiable in desiring to bestow.Ye constrain all things to flow towards you and into you, so that they shall flow back again out of your fountain as the gifts of your love.Verily, an appropriator of all values must such bestowing. love become; but healthy and holy, call I this selfishness.Another selfishness is there, an all-too-poor and hungry kind, which would always steal- the selfishness of the sick, the sickly selfishness.With the eye of the thief it looketh upon all that is lustrous; with the craving of hunger it measureth him who hath abundance; and ever doth it prowl round the tables of bestowers.Sickness speaketh in such craving, and invisible degeneration; of a sickly body, speaketh the larcenous craving of this selfishness.Tell me, my brother, what do we think bad, and worst of all? Is it not degeneration?- And we always suspect degeneration when the bestowing soul is lacking.Upward goeth our course from genera on to super-genera. But a horror to us is the degenerating sense, which saith: "All for myself."
Just making a guess but the Orphic egg probably has to do with the coming birth of the overman.
Upward soareth our sense: thus is it a simile of our body, a simile of an elevation. Such similes of elevations are the names of the virtues.Thus goeth the body through history, a becomer and fighter. And the spirit- what is it to the body? Its fights' and victories' herald, its companion and echo.Similes, are all names of good and evil; they do not speak out, they only hint. A fool who seeketh knowledge from them!Give heed, my brethren, to every hour when your spirit would speak in similes: there is the origin of your virtue.Elevated is then your body, and raised up; with its delight, enraptureth it the spirit; so that it becometh creator, and valuer, and lover, and everything's benefactor.When your heart overfloweth broad and full like the river, a blessing and a danger to the lowlanders: there is the origin of your virtue.When ye are exalted above praise and blame, and your will would command all things, as a loving one's will: there is the origin of your virtue.When ye despise pleasant things, and the effeminate couch, and cannot couch far enough from the effeminate: there is the origin of your virtue.When ye are willers of one will, and when that change of every need is needful to you: there is the origin of your virtue.Verily, a new good and evil is it! Verily, a new deep murmuring, and the voice of a new fountain!Power is it, this new virtue; a ruling thought is it, and around it a subtle soul: a golden sun, with the serpent of knowledge around it.This is a literal painting of Zarathustra aka Zoroaster you
But that is the staff he carriesa staff, on the golden handle of which a serpent twined round the sunAlthough it is a sun, not an egg...
Thomas Common translation Get out.
This is the best translation out there for Thus Spoke Zarathustra IMO, my source of informing this is talking to a couple philosophy professors who Nietzsche is their specialty and one of them is working on a translation themselves. The typical story with any of Kaufman's translations is he captures the spirit/flavor of Nietzsche in English, but it loses accuracy for those interested in deep study and scholarship. Of course the original German is even more preferable. From what I recall of the translator of that version of Zarathustra, he views TSZ as fairly central and important in Nietzsche's works. Not everyone takes this view, and in my opinion, TSZ is one of Nietzsche's most important books. Its a translation from a guy who takes it very seriously. I view this as a good thing, in part because I see TSZ as central. I recall Nietzsche writing that Beyond Good and Evil is a clarifying elaboration of parts of TSZ, and the same for Genealogy of Morality, but being relating to his no-saying period, as he put it himself. Mind you, this is just my memory from time reading many of Nietzsche's works and a fair amount of recent scholarship.
tfw this could never be published todayWhat's your favorite religious/spiritual work?
/pol/tards think irrationally hating jews is 'religious/spiritual' in any wayend your life OP
protestant hereticPersonally I'll stick with Saint Chrystostom OP.He did it right first. Recommend this for it's great spiritual clarity
My man. His prose is always on point.
really admire his thoughts on the Jews and his bravery to write that. But his theology i disagree with
Are these good for beginner Christians or no?pathetic.
amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/1NTHK5AMH0JQ5Please recommend books to add to my Christian wishlist. Cheap but solid editions preferable, since I am broke.
religious/spiritual doings are irrational, yestldr get fucked kike
critiquing something means you irrationally hate ithurrr all literary criticism is actually hate speech
Judaism is filth.Nothing wrong with the jewish people, Christ will embrace them too if they come to Him in earnest.
be a Christianhate the religion Christianity is based onOnly Christians can possess this much cognitive dissonance
Practicing Judaism after the Ressurection is akin to paganism.
Oh, just fuck off with those smug axioms.
that's a good list, I'd recommend The Imitation of Christ, if u haven't read it.More Kierkegaard:Purity of the Heart Practice in ChristianityProvocations
he's right thoughgo shill somewhere else
They willingly turned, and continue to turn their backs on God's truth manifest on Earth. I don't see why one shouldn't be skeptical of Judaism as a Christian.
Thats a pretty jew.
The real question is why should anyone be a christian at all.Theist? Maybe. Christian? WHY?!
because it is true and only in Christianity can man realize his full potential and overcome suffering with love. And only in Christianity is history and our world given true significance and meaning sub specie aeternitatis...
rare pepe and dubs confirm for truth
Icons...hhhrt TFU!
icons are choice
tfw /lit/ is genuinely christian
rare? seems rare as fuck to me
I'll pray that one day, you too will know Him friend.Go in peace and may you know happiness.
thanks, I'm slowly seeing the light...one step at a time
It would be easier to publish today with technology
it would be academic suicide tbhbelive me i know a lot of about that
Amen.
Haha. From christian to youtube atheist to lit christian.The plebs keep on spinning.
my 12 year old self was right about everything; I never change opinions
animuyour 12 year old self too
Saint ChrystosomThat's not his name you retard
/lit/ is one person and that person happens to be someone I want to be
You guys know luther was just butthurt because he thought the Jews would convert once he "fixed" the church, right? Before that he wrote a couple of pamphlets defending Jews.
And?Being critical of Judaism is entirely consistent and reasonable for a Christian, but that is not to say that anti-semitism is.
implying Paul didn't say the Jews can achieve justification without Christ implying Paul didn't tell the Jews to continue following the Law
Was the ever a crusade against Jews? Would've been so fun to deus vault against them
See
implying Paul didn't say the Jews can achieve justification without Christcitation
/pol/ edgelords in /lit/Absolutely disgusting. Go read Maimonides.
Fuck off back to reddit, if you can't handle intelligent discussion then maybe you should go back to your circle jerk
umm no
implying Paul didn't say the Jews can achieve justification without ChristWhere?implying Paul didn't tell the Jews to continue following the LawMessianic judaism/Jewish christianity != Judaism.
as a Jew half jew on father side I always preferred Christian morality and values to ours.I'd be a christian myself I just can't accept the supernatural claims. This thread was pretty good until someone really butthurt got triggered
intelligent discussionHURR KIKESYeah, no.
this threadintelligent discussionjoos and dues vultMaybe Intelligent for /pol/
because it is true and only in Christianity can man realize his full potential and overcome suffering with love. And only in Christianity is history and our world given true significance and meaning sub specie aeternitatis...This sounds interesting can...can you elaborate?? I want to learn
ooh we can't handle non pc views let's just call our opponents nazisTypical.
something like two shitposts like thatTHIS THREAD IS SHIT AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD FOR POSTING IN IT YOU NAZISStop ruining our thread.
Trying to frame your views as non-PC is the taint of an edgelord. There's nothing intelligent in that. The way you retort with sarcasm just proves the point./pol/ is that way
That's the thing, you do not have any "views", you're just throwing around insults. You're too easy to spot, try camouflaging with pseudo-intellectual posturing or something.
You should read The Imitation of Christ, by Kempis. It's great regardless of where you are on the path, beginner or advanced.Grow up kid. Stop forcing a "shitpost" session.Yes the romans had several wars against the jews due to jewish shenanigans and cruelty. Who do you think kicked them out of Israel and destroyed their temple? Romans. They were nomads ever since...until WW2
I've got nothing inherently for Christian or Jewish thought, /lit/ is a place to debate. But when the debate is just a smokescreen for /pol/tards, one has to raise the issue. They already have their own boards to shitpost.
Of course not, the jews hadn't owned land for centuries at that point.Papist violence and secular power is one of the things ruining Christianity though.I don't know what a crusade is.
If it quacks like a duck, if it walks like a duck/pol/ is only about nazis
Read Lloyd Gaston/John Gager/any of the other "radical new perspective" scholars. Basically Paul says that even though Jews have rejected the gospel, they are "beloved on account of the patriarchs" Romans 11:28 - in other words, God will uphold His End of the Covenant, even though Israel has neglected their half of the deal. "Paul does not envision Israel's eschatological salvation as its absorption into the Gentile-Christian Church ... Israel has a special eschatological destiny for Paul ... [salvation is] through Christ for Grntiles, through the Law for Israel" - John Gager, "Reinventing Paul" page 59
when the debate is just a smokescreen for /pol/tardsMaybe that was the OP intention, but that is not at all how the thread developed.
SeeAs for your bit about messianic Judaism, I'm not sure what your point is. Paul makes it pretty clear that Jews will be justified through the covenant regardless of whether or not they accept Christ.
Romans 11:28"beloved on account of the patriarchs"says nothing of their salvation being simply a matter of following "laws"It says Israel is partially hardened, for the sake of the fullness of Gentiles, and then Israel will be saved as well. So it sounds like Gentiles are getting priority...and then eventually Israel will have it's turn.It doesn't say what you want it to say about salvation having a different criteria for jews.
This thing of different criteria shows up in Jewish thought as well. To put it shortly, the gentiles can be saved by following the Noahide laws only, and a Jew will only be saved if he follows 613 mitzvot, commandments if you will.
This thing of different criteria shows up in Jewish thought as well.That has no bearing on Christianity or Paul's writings though.
I'm not who you're arguing with, it just felt fitting to mention. It would fit a mold if Christian thought had the same relationship to Jews as Jewish thought has to Christians.
"On the Jews and their Lies"mfw jews saying they can be saved without Christ in this thread
Well of course they believe that, otherwise they wouldn't be jews. therefore, it's not a lie.
says nothing of their salvation being simply a matter of following "laws""For Paul, as for other Jews, the Law was and remained valid for Jews" Peter Tomson, "Paul and the Jewish Law" page 237 "For Jews and for Jewish proselytes the Mosaic law, as Paul sees it, retains its full and unaltered validity" Pinchas Lapide, "Paul: Rabbi and Apostle" page 42. why not? there are people who argue that Paul remained a Torah-observant Jew his entire life.
I'm not a Jew, I'm just up to date on my Pauline studies and can recognize that people have been taking Paul out of his historical context for millenia.
Paul remained a Torah-observant Jew his entire life.A messianic jew.
exactly. What's the issue?
they're saying Paul said that, as if it's a Christian belief not simply a judaism thing
Peter Tomson says this about Paulthere are people who argue who sayso and so thinks this about the Biblewhat a lazy way to argue.
That's one guy, and he apparently takes it from two different books on Paul. He's also probably not jewish, why would jews read books about Paul?
PaulA messianic jew.Messianic judaism started in the 1900s. Paul died long before.
What are you a protestant?Not that guy but your counter is just as, if not lazier than his argument.
Jewish Christian then, it's so analogous it's barely worth distinguishing.
It isn't "simply a judaism thing." this is a biblical scholarship thing - it's pretty clear people have been misinterpreting Paul for centuries. If that represents some existential threat to your faith, you might have bigger problems. Christian belief should be informed as much by reason as by muh tradition
Jewish Christian Paul wasn't any kind of Christian - Christianity didn't exist yet. Paul was a Jew, just like Jesus.boo hoo
this thread is dildos
Why do you think a couple out of context quotes and an appeal to authority is a reasonable way to argue?
Paul wasn't any kind of Christian - Christianity didn't exist yet. Paul was a Jew, just like Jesus.Nothing but extremely lazy casuistry tbh
Paul wasn't any kind of Christian - Christianity didn't existPaul said he was beating up Christians before he found Christ. So ya, there were Christians running around...mfw this thread title is 100% accurate
because these faggotslliterally asked me for citations?this is literally entry-level Pauline studies
entry-level Pauline studiesWhere? Tel Aviv University?Go to a Christian Church and study Paul there.
Citations means Biblical citation, along with some justification for your argument.Not just quoting some guy who shares your opinion.
Paul said he was beating up Christians before he found Christ. So ya, there were Christians running around...Paul doesn't use the term "Christian" anywhere, and there's no reason to assume that Paul considered himself or his fellow Christ-followers to be members of a new religion.
dude, any Christian seminary okay, maybe not evangelical ones will teach you this stuff. citations mean biblical citation that's the problem, though - you need to look beyond just the epistles and look at the historical context, ortherwise you're simply projecting modern ideas onto the past.
But here are some passages from Romans that should get you started :^ Do we overthrow the Law through faith? By no means! On the contrary we uphold the law 3:31 Is the Law sin? By no means! 7:7 Has God rejected his people? By no means! 11:1
Paul doesn't use the term "Christian" anywherePeople were referring to them as Christians, Luke did."The disciples were called Christians first at Antioch." Acts 11:26being a Christ-follower is the definition of the new religion, so it doesn't matter how you title it really. Sometimes they were called Nazarenes...Paul differentiated between regular jews and the Church of Jesus-followers, so ya in his mind there was a difference. New convenant and all.
the law is love, not juridical hebrew law :^foods aren't unclean anymore chaim
God hasn't rejected the Jews, they are offered the same chance for salvation as gentiles. He hasn't turned his back on them, he is re-educating them. Giving them another chance.Simple.
Huh. I thought early christians were Jews? This almost implies Christianity was a designer religion to subjugate outsiders, removing virtues like honor and pride from the our glorious pagan ancestors and mentally enslaving them. Seriously though, from a clas war perspective its like most fundaments of Christianity were meant to supress rebellion and encourage obedience. Turn the other cheek and whatnot. Or maybe that was the Romans doing when they unified the religion?
Or maybe that was the Romans doing when they unified the religion?by unified you mean stopped outlawing and persecuting christians?
People were referring to them as Christians, Luke did."The disciples were called Christians first at Antioch." Acts 11:26You are aware that the author of Luke/Acts was writing 40 years after Paul died, right? At which point a Christian community had emerged. And the author of Luke/Acts is not an entirely reliable narrator. Paul would have been totally unfamiliar with the term "christianity"  being a Christ-follower is the definition of the new religion, so it doesn't matter how you title it really. Sometimes they were called Nazarenes...Paul differentiated between regular jews and the Church of Jesus-followers, so ya in his mind there was a difference. New convenant and all. All of this took place within the context of traditional talmudic judaism, though. Paul never saw himself as anything but a talmudic jew. the law is love, not juridical hebrew law :^ except in both those quotes he's explicitly discussing hebrew law - if you look at the surrounding verses I don't see how you could argue otherwise. foods aren't unclean anymore chaim For the millionth time, I'm not jewish, and in anycase you're misunderstanding Paul. The Law is only upheld for the Jews - Gentiles do not need to follow the law in fact, they shouldn't even try - gentiles who "rely on works of the law are under a curse" Gal 3:10 God hasn't rejected the Jews, they are offered the same chance for salvation as gentiles Where does Paul say this? [spoiler alert: he doesn't say it anywhere, you're just projecting centuries of church dogma and assumptions back onto him]
keep in mind that Paul wasn't really thinking about long-term social impacts - he thought the world was going to end within his lifetime:  I mean, brothers and sisters, the appointed time has grown short; from now on, let even those who have wives be as though they had none, and those who mourn as though they were not mourning, and those who rejoice as though they were not rejoicing, and those who buy as though they had no possessions, and those who deal with the world as though they had no dealings with it. For the present form of this world is passing away. 1 Corinthians 7:29-31.
You are aware that the author of Luke/Acts was writing 40 years after Paul died, right?Paul himself referred to persecuting the "church" aka the followers of Jesus. So a distinction existed in his time already, even if he had no name. And he joined that Church, and tried to get Jews and Gentiles to join it as well, that was the whole point of his epistles. Where does Paul say this?read any of his epistles. Salvation is universal not culturally or racially specific.Salvation is via faith/obedience in Christ for all."Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight...." Rom. 3:19."But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested...." 3:20."Being justified freely by his grace...." 3:24."But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justified the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." 4:5."...God imputeth righteousness without works" 4:6.Therefore it is of faith that it might by grace...." 4:15. Paul was addressing those who were trusting in their own works or obedience rather than trusting Christ alone for salvation. The jews don't have their own special covenant with God that bypasses the need of Christ. Christ died for all, not just gentiles. And he came first for the Jews, second for the gentiles. The jews need him. Their "laws" are not salvific.
Christ didn't happen to be too fond of the Jews either, my man.
This one:
Christ wasn't fond of the Jewsdidn't even bother trying to save any Gentilesspecifically said he came to save Israel
yfw Luther was actually jelly of the jews
"Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight...." Rom. 3:19."But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested...." 3:20."Being justified freely by his grace...." 3:24."But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justified the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." 4:5."...God imputeth righteousness without works" 4:6.Therefore it is of faith that it might by grace...." 4:15.But Paul isn't talking to the Jews in any of those. He's only addressing Gentiles
In the case of literary criticism that's actually true, cf Nabokov.
implying that Paul did anything but corrupt Isa ibn Maryam's Gospel
I am fairly new to leisure reading in general and always wanted to really understand Meditations. What is the general thought of /lit? I'm finding it difficult to follow most passages.
Its like a collection of motivational instructions on how to live. Nothing deep about it really
if you can't follow it, you may be retardedor you might just have an old translation and aren't used to the language
Thanks. I think it's so neat that he signed off each chapter to where he was writing from. "Among the Quadi at the Granua" "This is Carnuntum"
Read something about Stoicism, should make things easier I guess.
It's not a difficult book, but the shitty 2002 translation is more obscured.1964: When force of circumstance upsets your equanimity, lose no time in recovering your self-control, and do not remain out-of-tune longer than you can help. Habitual recurrence to the harmony will increase your mastery of it.2002: When jarred, unavoidably, by circumstances, revert at once to yourself, and don't lose the rhythm more than you can help. You'll have a better grasp of the harmony if you keep going back to it.1964: Adapt yourself to the environment in which your life has been cast, and show true love to the fellow-mortals with whom destiny has surrounded you.2002: The things ordained for you - teach yourself to be at one with those. And the people who share them with you - treat them with love. With real love.
contractions
That's it. I have a 2003 translation that looks similar to your 2002 passages.
and Epictetus' Enchiridion
What was the Horror?Was the Heart of Darkness the African jungle or heart of the imperialists
Why didn't Marlow look into the abyss
Oppression of locals by white people.
Truly, there must be more to it. This is modernism after all
horror and alienation in the wake of the great war
It is
It was relativism, which Joseph Conrad deludedly reads as the aristocratic secret of nihilism/atheism.
I think Kurtz fails to communicate what he has experienced, and this incommunicability is exactly one of the horrors of wars and evil in general.
A bit of both.
Is this considered an early modernist text? It is before Pound started the movement, right? What modernist tendencies does Conrad follow?
The convergence of the two. The realization that the savages and the imperialists share a common humanity.
He's referencing a bible passage, the horror is his fear as he dies
Fear of what? Realization of his own destruction as a human being?
I think Kurtz fails to communicate what he has experienced, and this incommunicability is exactly one of the horrors of wars and evil in general.I like that, a lot.
I'm reading through it right now as preparation for an exam of mine.I find it interesting how Conrad makes the wilderness of the Jungle seem alive. An ancient being that makes the human seem tiny
I went through that fucking jungle in a stripped out Nissan with nothing but a bag of MREs and a crappy chink knockoff Colt 1873 that I bought to look badass. I fucking get the horror.
the horror that everyone is fake, civilization is a lie, and that when isolated from civilization every man is a piece of shit
My prof made a point about language changing meaning and reality but I didn't get it
bump
The dark and hallow heart of the project of Western civilization.
booo
This is also shown through the frame narrative of the story.You're welcome if you ever need that for a paper
I feel the horror can be one of the three belowEuropean Imperialismhis own actions, acting as a deity to exploit the nativesthe inherent evil and cruelty in humanityI feel the last one is encompassing of the theme of the book as a whole, and is the best. This horror however is left purposefully ambiguous, and rightfully so.
“For truly, I say to you, till heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass the law until all is accomplished. Whoever then relaxes one of the least of these commandments and teaches men so, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but he who does them and teaches them shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven.” Matthew 5:18-19 RSV"We don't gotta follow no dang Old Testament Jeezus said he fulfilled that crap" Why are Christians so fucking dumb. Maybe if they read the book they claim to be absolute truth they would realize it.inb4 Fedora, the best Christian evasion tactic since murder
, 
10,000 books get published every day.How the hell do I get mine to stand out?
Well most of it's crap and non-fiction. Also writing for fame
In today's world if you aren't a cunt, nigger or cuck theres no chance you're going to be successful as an author
viral marketing
Also writing for famenot wanting your book to be a huge success I'm trying to disagree but the biggest book successes in the last ~2 decades were written by women. Is GRRM a cuck?
Add - gate to any work you finish
How though?How did Game of Thrones get popular? Harry Potter? Hunger Games?These are all household names. What made people choose these books out of the lot?They all have multiple installments in their series.... They all have live action adaptations...
You don't write because you want to be famous. You write because you have to.Not that you have to be crazy or mentally ill to write at all, but you have to want to do it. Fame can't be the only motivator.I mean I guess it can be if you want it to be, but I've never heard of an author who's gone that route and been content.
Be good and have some marketing.
how did Tai Pei get popular?
Fame can't be the only motivator.It is. Although, not fame for me. Fame for my book. Maybe I could publish under a pseudonym.
get some youtube nerd like pewdiepie to review it
publicity stunts and viral marketing
because it's the best book of the 21st century of course it was going to be popular.
Because they give their target audience their money's worth. I didn't say they're amazing, but those books have large target audiences who buy books for a specific kind of experience, and their authors got it pitch perfect. Word spread, and ta-da, multimillion dollar franchise.
literally writing his childhood fantasies of being the knight in shining armor fucking beautiful princessesnumerous characters get cuckedYeah he is a cuck
Well most of it's crap and non-fiction..- srsly? no idea either but, I always assumed, the ratio was about 70/30 fictiion. At least. I would say, what is published remains 95% BS, however claiming that 500 good books per day appear, seems equally optimistic.
, 
Hi /lit/, do you know any writer who did not pursued a formal education? I always had problems with school, and eventhough i was a decent student and went to a great college, i never could stop hating going to college, feeling that i didnt belong there. I feel very ashamed of seeing that the people i admire the most writers are not like me in this aspect, so i still hope i could find a writer that i admire and suffered the same problem as me.
Jose Saramago looks like Bernie Sanders.
Bukowski went to community college :^
It shows in his writing tbh.
well duh, he's anti-intellectual and anti-education so its no coincidence most of the psued imposters on /lit/ that worship nabokov can't stand him
Actually they can't stand him because theyre angry sjw
There's a whole bunch of writers who've hated the jaded world of universities, Other just didn't went to uni/college, but that does not necessarily mean that they weren't able to write on an exceptionally high level.Examples from Germany I'm german myself:Wolfgang Borchert fought in WWII and died shortly afterHeinrich Böll WWII veteran, Nobel laureateHermann Hesse worked at a bookshop prior to his writing career, Nobel laureateHeinrich Mann worked at a bookstore and a publisher, brother of Thomas MannOur boy B. Brecht studied, but not for long before having his breakthrough as a drama author
Wolfgang BorchertA name we hear not often enough on /lit/
Bukowski didn't go to book school, he went to books.
he's unbelievably great. Great stories, great word rythm, great metaphors/images. I own his whole work, sadly, it's just one book.
Saramago was a common shoemaker and only started writing after having retired, but you probably already know that.
OP here, Hermann Hesse is my favorite author
Ray Bradbury, but ray Bradbury is also a fucking hack and bad writer so...
665797In that case, try harder at school, might be your only choice of making a living by yourself. or if you feel too stupid for it, you could write spirituak new age bullshit, retards everywhere fall for it
"Shem is as short for Shemus as Jem is joky for Jacob. A few toughnecks are still getatable who pretend that aboriginally he was of respectable stemming but every honest to goodness manin the land of the space of today knows that his back life will not stand being written about in black and white. Putting truth and untruth together a shot may be made at what this hybridactually was like to look at."*"And "we are unknown," said Kung,"You will take up charioteering?"Then you will become known,"... "And even I can rememberA day when the historians left blanks in their writings,I mean, for things they didn't know,But that time seems to be passing.A day when the historians left blanks in their writings,But that time seems to be passing.''And Kung said, "Without character you willbe unable to play on that instrumentOr to execute the music fit for the Odes."Get it?
went to collegemade some bad decisions political scienceread political philosophy the whole timegraduated and now I really want to go back and take a few finance classesWhat did I do
Many didn't, many others studied completly unrelated fields.Roberto bolaño stopped going to school at 16And Nicanor parra studied physicsI think sabato was an engineerThats off the top of my head
Didn't Faulkner drop out of high school?
Unlucky for you that sort of humble everyman realist style isn't in vogue right now.
You're assuming the poors can only write in that sort of style, which is a faulty assumption.
The uneducated poors*
i quit school at 15, haven't gone backrecently won a university poetry contest, 2 days later I was disqualified when they heard I was not a student. lost the money and a change to début in a respected magazine.for some reason it works better for poetry, where posture littéraire is very important. it's still insanely hard to get respected by academics and critics, which is also very important.
Saramago's Nobel Prize speech is very good and interesting."The wisest man I ever knew in my whole life could not read or write. At four o'clock in the morning, when the promise of a new day still lingered over French lands, he got up from his pallet and left for the fields, taking to pasture the half-dozen pigs whose fertility nourished him and his wife. My mother's parents lived on this scarcity, on the small breeding of pigs that after weaning were sold to the neighbours in our village of Azinhaga in the province of Ribatejo. Their names were Jerónimo Meirinho and Josefa Caixinha and they were both illiterate."
i've read four or five of his novels. great stuff. a mix of homey folkloric rural wisdom with an urban tinge. i really need to read the rest of his stuff. Blindness, The Double, The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis, Baltasar and Blimunda, and The Cave were great fun reads.
Well, you've read the best books he wrote, in my opinion. The one missing in that list is the gospel according to Jesus Christ. This was before the da vinci code. the portuguese government at the time forbade him from presenting his book to an international book prize. That's why he left for those spanish islands and never came back.His last books are not as good as the others. One could argue the gospel according to jesus christ is a failure, but give it a go. The year of the deatj of Ricardo Reis his is best book.
How did he do it, I wonder? I mean, how was he permitted access to publishing?  A proponent of libertarian communism,Ahhhhhhhhhhh!Nobel Prize here I come.
Plato said that writing was opposed to wisdom because it would induce forgetfulness as people would no longer memorize things trusting in the written word remember, in Plato's time people knew the long poems of Homer by heart, and because it would give people an impression of wisdom and not wisdom itself and we see this today.
I don't think either Byron or Shelley were impressed with Cambridge very much.
The last chapter of blindness was bullshit.
What happens there, The cats? I haven't read it and I don't mind spoilers.
No we don't, we see a far more rigorous standard than existed in his time. But again, you're a suburban fucking prick
What's wrong with being suburban?
After dragging his characters through the depths of hell he pulls a happy ending out of his ass and everything is going back to normal.
Suburban values are inimical to the interests of cultural seriousness.
Brilliant. Might read him now, he sounds like an alright guy.
Suburbs don't have values. You're making some odd stereotypes.
If you're talking about people who pursued it but dropped out, there's Cormac Mccarthy, Philip K Dick, Osamu Dazai, Jack London, and Roberto Bolano If you're talking about people who never even pursued it, there's Hemingway and Knut HamsunI think there's more but that's all I've got off the top of my head
Suburbanites have values. The people who represent the values of suburbs, as opposed to living there for lack of other choice, are, for example, people who backchat their betters to defend the suburban in fora that are meant to oppose that, you fucking cunt, you beggar for your family's cutting up and raping, you fucking animal fat deadweight peasant rape candidate!
Oh man, are you the schizophrenic tripfag from earlier? You have some repressed issues, mate. Seek help.
melville
I haven't used a trip in years.
The Cave and The Double are underrated as fuck. I also enjoyed Death with Interruptions, All the Names and The Journey of the Elephant or whatever it's called in English.
Are you saying being a college dropout is better than just graduating from high school?
I've enjoyed every single Saramago book I've read.Highly recommend Seeing - comical and laugh-out-loud absurd for the first half, brutally savage in the second half. The transition happens to subtly you don't even realize before it hits you which is super amazing.
So where am I suppose to start?
Turtle paradise.
with the sumerians
Small Gods
Brief history of timeMight be time for me to reread it too.Almost done Brian GreenDon't care about Terry pratchet. I hear he's good, but I have no idea
Thales
Terry Pratchett is basically, "t3h penguin of d00m!!" copypasta stretched out over a hundred books.
¿Qué tal otro hilo sobre literatura en español?¿Cuál es el último libro que habéis leido? ¿Cuál va a ser el siguiente?El anterior fue como una caricia, cuanto más despacio más dulce, tratemos que se repita.
Quien es ese demonia de semen?
Cuales son sus placeres culpables?El mio es leer libros de Anna Rice aparte del primer libro de Entrevista con el Vampiro.He ain't no lady
from a zizek clothing catalogueUn amigo defiende mucho a la Anne. Trato de no prestarle mucha atención cuando lo hace.Lo más cercano que tengo a un placer culpable es que me gusta escuchar y citar entrevistas a Zizek, imagino que la gente me odia al hacerlo.
Estoy aprendiendo españolCompré Cien Años de SoledadCuando encuentro palabra que no sé, lo busco por Google Translate y escribo en mi cuadernoCada página dura casi 10 minutos y encuentro 10-15 palabras desconocidasEs muy lento y me frustra mucho. ¿Alguien ha hecho algo similar en cualquier idioma y puede decir si vale la pena?
Pensé que los españoles no posteaban.El último libro que leí es pic related. Tengo que leer demasiadas movidas de clase como para poder dedicarme a un próximo, pero tengo pendiente El paso del hombre de Somerset Maugham.
previous thread
Es la mejor forma de aprender.Algo que yo hacia cuando era mas joven era mirar peliculas en ingles con subtitulos en castellano, e ir jugando a enlazar las palabras en ingles con sus correlativos en castellano.Lindo libro ese, bien leido y cuidado. El olor a libro viejo es uno que se puede llegar a amar.
how many of you are NOT hipster spaniards
Es mejor si revisás un diccionario. Es más lento, pero evitás caer en confusiones. Cuando no me acuerdo una palabra en inglés y busco la traducción nunca es la primera opción.
Me encontré exactamente esa edición por la calle hace dos semanas y por eso me lo leí, es divertido. Presumo que no eres de España por la hora y por el lindo, aquí son las seis de la madrugada.
not from spain, wear clothes I bought ten years ago, last time I had a hair cut was a total shaving and now it has grown past my shoulders. am I cool for you?
¿Por qué no intentas con algo corto? Nadie intenta leer el Ulises en inglés para aprender el idioma.
do u have a picture? I hate retarded hipster poser garbage but i would respect one if i met him or her and there was something beneath the glasses and the fucking shirts. asking for a pic cus with that desc u could easily be a non-hipster faggot, which could be even worse :
be a non-hipster faggot, which could be even worseapparently I'm not your type, but at least I'm not from Spain :^
Carlos Velásquez es el mejor escritor mexicano desde Arreola
stop reading his gimmicky amateurish shit, switch to borges.
not being from spainat leasti have no problems living here even tho we are retarded as fuck and i am poor. i love my life, do you? ^___^
Escogí Cien Años porque es uno de los libros más famoses del siglo veinte. No pensaba que sería tan difícil, pero no me gusta abandonar algo que he empezado.Gracias por tu consejo maravilloso. Eres mi amigo mejor en este mundo malvado.
por qué hablamos en inglés entonces? esto es como ir a la pileta con un traje de neopreno. cómo se viene la extrema derecha?
Mi novia me dice que nos debemos mudar a España. me dice que podemos ganar hasta 2 mil euros al mes, y que esto es mejor que vivir en los EEUU ganando $50,000 al añó a cada uno.
putos buitres, nos han jodido bien pero parece que poco a poco la gente está tomando conciencia. Nuestro único problema es la ignorancia y la comodidad de todos, que no apuestan por cambiar las cosas hasta que ya es más que evidente el desastre...2000€ al mes no, al menos no sin un contrato con una empresa extranjera, un buen enchufe o muchísima suerte. Yo no hablaba de dinero, de todas formas. Hace falta poco para vivir, lo que es necesario es tener motivos por los que vivir con ganas, más que seguridad económica
Mexico aquí, de la ciudad. La Ciudad de México, porque hay otras.
Chile, estoy leyendo la Ilíada y después leeré la Odisea.
Puedes intentar leer libros para niños si estás aprendiendo el idioma. Los libros de Papelucho de Marcela Paz son muy fáciles de leer, aunque si quieres leer algo más complicado, puede intentar leer Crónica de Una Muerte Anunciada del mismo Gabriel García Márquez. Es un libro bastante más corto que el mamotreto de Cien Años de Soledad y la trama es más simple. Cien Años tiene momentos en donde hasta un nativo de español se confunde porque hay muchos juegos con el árbol genealógico de los Buendía.Borges es una opción, pero quizás la mitad de lo que quiere decir osea, aquello no textual en la historia puede pasar por sobre tu cabeza. Sin embargo, es uno de los mejores escritores y puedes leer sus cuentos cortos muy rápido en una tarde aún si no conoces bien el idioma.Cuando te sientas más macho quizás puedes leer 2666 de Roberto Bolaño y finalmente el Raid Boss del Español: Don Quijote de la Mancha. Lope de Vega puede servir para aclimatarte un poco al Español más antiguo.Buena suerte.
El ultimo es un libro donde vienen Otelo, el rey Lear, a vuestro gusto y la fierecilla domada de Shakespeare.El siguiente es Macbeth, el mercader de Venecia, Julio Cesar, las alegres comadres de Windsor y la tempestad, fuera de eso sigue rojo y negro de Stendhal.Amando a editorial Porrúa.
Me sorprende como nadie a conoce a Mario Benedetti, si hay algún escritor con obras"comfy", el es uno de los mejores.
¿a qué se debe que haya tan pocos posts sobre libros contemporáneos? digamos, de los ultimos veinte años. recién empiezo a conocer los escritores locales de mi ciudad o los que publican acá, mas que nada a traves de redes sociales
Hmm. Leyendo el Lobo Estepario de Hesse, porque nunca la leí y tenía buen rato que quería hacerlo.
Yo si lo hice :^
Leyendo estrella distante de BolañoEl siguiente será seguramente una antología de Nicanor Parra
Hace un tiempo se había charlado de eso; se lo adjudico a la falta de una producción verdaderamente interesante por parte de los hispanohablantes, o a una completa ineptitud por parte de sus distribuidores, pero sea como sea, es raro que haya mucha información sobre escritores de esta época en absoluto. Tenés algo para recomendar? No puedo prometerte que vaya a leerlo ya mismo, pero que a lo largo del año lo voy a agarrar, seguro.
Acabo de terminar la familia de Pascual Duarte, me lo he ventilado muy rápido y ahora no sé que leer. I'm Spaniard but I don't think I'm a hipster, I look and act like the most boring, plain person in the world.
Alguien debería hacer un thread sobre esto, aunque sea solo un rec, porque es básicamente esto 
Vuelvo a postear lo mismo que en el otro hilo. Esta novela la estamos haciendo un amigo y yo para echarnos unas risas, cada uno escribe unas ocho lineas y nos vamos turnando.Prestó más atención a la foto, con los ojos como platos, descubriendo que en la oscuridad se distinguía un maletero. "¡Estamos metiendo a una persona en un maletero!" gritó en su cabeza. El coche, un viejo Renault destartalado, tenía una pegatina de la bandera marroquí en el parabrisas, además de un perrito de juguete que mueve la cabeza. "Jaja, ojalá tuviera uno de esos perritos" dijo nuestro protagonista, llevándose la mano a la cabeza e incorporándose de la cama. De pronto, escuchó fuertes golpes en su puerta que marcaban el ritmo del himno israelí. "MIERDA, OTRA VEZ YARON". Miró a su alrededor nervioso, buscando un sitio donde esconderse. Los golpes no cesaban. "Me cago en tu estirpe, Gendel, joder, ya estás pajeándote otra vez, que sé que estás ahí, hijodeputa". Gendel suspiró y miró hacia la puerta. "Bueno, alea jacta est, como decía Julio Anguita", pensó. Intentando sobreponerse al dolor que atenazaba todas sus extremidades, se levantó de la cama y, abriéndose paso entre botellas vacías, chivatos y panfletos del PCPE, llegó a la puerta. Agarró el picaporte, pegajoso por dios sabe qué, y abrió la puerta. Una figura barbilampiña, con una nariz puntiguada como la que Quevedo describió, se mostraba ante unos escasos milímetros de su cara. Sus ojos, fieros y desagradables, se escondían bajo unas blancas y finas cejas. Bufó y se limpió el polvo de su chaleco con los papeles que llevaba en la mana. Del bolsillo del chaleco anteriormente con una estrella de David amarilla bordada sacó un reloj de oro, y se lo puso en la cara Gendel, bufando y rechinando los dientes. "Me cago en todos tus muertos, Gendel", espetó Yaron rociando a Gendel de saliva, "¿sabes cuántos días llevas de retraso con el pago?". Gendel, cuya mente embotada por litros de mamajuana y palabrería marxistoide era incapaz de procesar las palabras de su casero, observaba embobado el balanceo del reloj. Los enloquecidos ojos de Yaron, vidriosos e inyectados en sangre, miraban a Gendel y cada vez más ira se reflejaba en ellos. Gendel no decía ni una sola palabra. Tras cinco minutos en esta situación, Yaron propinó una bofetada a Gendel que lo tiró al suelo. "Me cago en tu puto Cristo, goyim de mierda", siseó. "Como no me pagues de aquí a una semana te voy a tener que presentar a ciertos amigos más peligrosos que yo. Y te aseguro que no quieres conocerlos". Gendel, todavía sin comprender nada, intentaba levantarse. De repente, una patada en las costillas. Catacroker. Sonó un portazo y Gendel volvía a estar dolorido, con náuseas y solo en la penumbra de su habitación. Subió la persiana completamente y se sentó de nuevo en la cama.
Aparte de Ortega y Unamuno, ¿qué otros filósofos que escriban en español serían interesantes de leer?Acabé de leer La rebelión de las masas y fue una delicia.
Argentina represent.Siendo triguereada con mucho gusto por Que Viva la Música de Caicedos.
tratemos de que esto no muera, aunquesea un día más.
Soy uruguayo y por eso me puse a indagar sobre los autores de acá, supongo que debe ser difícil encontrar cosas nuestras en otros países. Recomendaría a Gustavo Escanlar, Mario Levrero, Lalo Barrubia y Julio Inverso. Escanlar era un periodista medio transgresor que yo solía aborrecer cuando estaba vivo, pero después encontré sus novelas y pienso que tenía terrible inteligencia. Lo que está bueno de él es que no exagera lo pintoresco de los barrios de Montevideo como si fuera un lugar fantástico, los describe como lo que son o solían ser durante los noventa, absolutamente tercermundistas y deprimentes. En eso también Lalo se le parece. Son principalmente cuentos que tienen por protagonistas a delincuentes drogadictos. Su novela Estokolmo parece una película de Tarantino. Otra cosa notable es que el tipo le tenía mucha bronca a los progresistas y exponía mucho ese lado hipócrita que tenemos. Después, Levrero es lectura obligatoria para quien disfrute de Onetti. Inverso era principalmente un poeta. Un poeta gótico trotskista punk y delirante. Bien contra-cultural e iconoclasta, medio parecido a Bolaño en ese sentido, le molestaba que la poesía estuviera aún representada por los poetas mas viejos como Neruda y Benedetti. Mientras que los jovenes no recibían atención. Ahora mismo hay un poeta medio similar que se llama Jorge Alfonso tiene un blog que se llama cacareolandia, es una buena lectura.Y Lalo Barrubia La loba rubia es una poeta y performer. También tiene un blog que tiene pila de contenido. Las performance todavía me hacen sentir un poco de 'cringe'. Pero las novelas de ella me parecen de muy buen nivel. Es una SJW hasta la médula y sé que acá eso no es muy bien visto pero para mí es grosa. Muy punk ella también.Hay otros escritores no uruguayos que publican acá que disfruté mucho: Mario Bellatín y Katya Adaui. Y luego los que sí son uruguayos pero no conozco demasiado/no disfruté demasiado: Gerardo Ferreira, Natalia Mardero, Sandino Núñez éste es un filósofo que tenía un programa de tv que se llama Prohibido pensar, me gusta verlo como el Žižek uruguayo.
Si alguien sigue teniendo cosas que le interesaría que otro lea, acá sigo estando.Ahora me viá laburar, pero mañana a la tarde reviso todo lo que haya.

danos un poco de contexto por favor.dos cosas que señalar: primero que queda horrible decir nuestro protagonista, segundo, ¿quién se cae al suelo por una bofetada?y unas preguntas ¿donde habla quevedo de los judios? ¿el muerto en la maleta es un bolche?kek'd con el detalle del himno de israel
Ha avanzado mucho animal planet en estos años.
Yo estoy leyendo Niels Lyhne en alemán y me encuentro en la misma situación. Tengo el Duden Wörterbuch en el Kindle y el libro en papel al lado. Cada dos oraciones encuentro una palabra o construcción desconocida. Se me esta haciendo mas una carga que un placer, asi que te diría que no vale la pena empezar con algo complicado.Quizás podés buscar algún libro para chicos; los cuentos de Maria Elena Walsh, los comics de Mafalda, algo asi.
Hacé lo mismo, arrancá con Struwwelpeter, los hermanos Grimm, y después de a poco y tranquilo anda metiéndote en poesía del período clásico y romántico, o con himnos y salmodias cristianos, que te van a introducir a muchas palabras de uso común en el ambiente literario. En todo caso, si lo poético no te interesa tanto, podrías acompañarlo con la música que se le puso a todos esos texto por compositores como Bach, Wolf, Schubert, etc para agarrarlo con otro enfoque.
Buen post, soy el que había dicho en el thread anterior que sus favoritos son Onetti y Cortázar asi que voy a ver que encuentro de Levrero.Sabés algo de la literatura actual en Argentina? Hay algún tipo de "movida" en lo absoluto? Creo que lo mas relativamente actual que leí de acá es a Fogwill o Castillo...Estuve en /int/ no se los recomiendo y consulté en el thread de los alemanes por libros fáciles. Es que aprendí alemán de chico y después deje, no es que tengo que arrancar desde cero. Al final consegui los ebooks de Momo Ende y Lautlos Schätzing. Para empezar debe ser suficiente
La verdad es que no conozco nada argentino contemporáneo, no porque no me interese, pero todavía no busqué. Solo he leído a Borges, Cortázar y Sábato, aunque siento que me estoy olvidando de algo. Me siento muy en falta de conocer no solo escritores contemporáneos sino también escritores jóvenes.Es difícil encontrar rápido lo que realmente vale la pena. Levrero tuvo lectores antes en Argentina que acá, así que todavía debe haber mucho de él disponible. Yo leí 'La máquina de pensar de Gladys', y lo recomiendo porque disfruto mucho de ese formato de prosas cortas que no siempre son en sí cuentos. No sé si en ese libro está el cuento Gelatina, sino buscalo.
En caso de que alguien no lo haya visto en el otro hilo y esté interesado, dejo un par de cosas si les pinta leer y comentar. El primero son unas dos páginas de largo y el segundo unas tres.
La Tregua es lo mejor que escribió. Sus cuentos son aceptables. Sus poemas una cagada. "El país de la cola de paja" es fabuloso. Todo el mundo tendría que leerlo. En especial en esta época que vive el Uruguay.
Me gustó mucho el anterior hilo, fue... agradable y dulce.No es un placer culpable, pero la trilogía de la Bella Durmiente de Anne Rice está bastante bien.Es una trilogía erótico-sadomasoquista, pero de verdad, no como ese truño de 50 sombras de Grey.
Lo hice y lo sigo haciendo Inglés y Sueco, merece la pena, pero usa mejor un diccionario bueno en papel o al menos www.wordreference.com en lugar de Google Translate¿Cuánto tiempo llevas aprendiendo Español? ¿Has probado con algún libro un poco más sencillo? Igual "Cien años de soledad" es demasiado avanzado.Si te gusta darle caña, prueba también con los poemas y leyendas de Bécquer o de Lorca, son una maravilla.Ah y bueno, aunque lo leí hace tiempo creo que "La casa de los espíritus" podría tener un nivel intermedio que te resultaría más cómodo.
Estoy haciendo la misma cosa. Por cualquiera razon empecé con 2666, y aunque es muy lento me gusta el libro y creo que realmente he mejorado mis habilidades de espanol.A veces cuando me frustra no busco todas las palabras desconocidas para que vaya rapidamente y realmente no duele la comprension.
Yo recomendaria usar WordReference, clarifica todos los usos diferentes de las palabras y en general es mas exacto que Google
Escritor joven argentino es Adam Pauls. Escritor contemporáneo argentino es Roberto Arlt.
Estoy intentando hacer akelpad algo mas placenetero al ojo, que combinacion de colores/fuente me recomiendan?
Bueno, quizá suene tonto pero: ¿alguien interesado en hacer un rec de novelas de escritores contemporáneos en español? Podríamos poner el tope en autores menores de 40 años. La idea sería que nos diéramos el tiempo para hacer nuestra lista, sea por países o por géneros. Lo otro sería recomendar libros que no necesariamente sean obras maestras o que nos hayn gustado, habría que dar la oportunidad a los otros de formar su opinión y generar así una discusión. Además, podemos poner un tope para la lista, un mes, dos semanas. Lo que sea.¿Opiniones?
Che, estaba escribiendo algo y me acabo de dar cuenta: No les parece raro que no haya traduccion directa de "Lucero" a ingles? Hasta donde yo se su uso es para referirse a una estrella que tiene significancia personal Generalmente algun tipo de guia u omen, por lo que pensaria que apareceria en varios idiomas, en ves de ser exclusivo al castellano.Pero de nuevo, estoy hablando de un idioma militar. No deberia sorprenderme mucho.
no. las listas en /lit/ sólo sirven para que un montón de zánganos descerebrados tengan ~gustos~ homogéneos.si tenemos un board para discutir larga y tendidamente sobre el tema, por qué no usarlo en lugar de hacer una lista fea y apresurada.
Ahí diría que está bien, usaría un gris un poco más claro aún para la letra sin embargo.Anteojos de descanso con tratamiento antireflex serían mucho más útiles aún.Adhiero a La literatura y el andar apurado no van de la mano, intentar reducir todo a listas haría que estas pequeñas islas de cordura en el océano de shitposting terminen tragadas por las olas de mierda. Es un board de discusión, intentemos mantener esa función.No hay una palabra tan específica en este caso; simplemente se usa 'star', y el contexto le da su significancia. En casos de ambientación más bien religiosa, suele hacerse referencia a la 'morning star' por razones obvias.
no usar vimInstalá Gentoo
me caés bien
en méxico daniela tarazona escribió una novela bastante buena, el animal sobre la piedra con influencia clara de clarice lispector. álvaro enrigue empezó bien pero ha caído un poco con sus últimos libros. valerial luiselli ha mejorado bastante. bellatin publica demasiado, pero tiene algunos textos valiosos shiki nagaoka, salón de belleza, jacobo el mutante.a yuri herrera sinceramente no sé qué le ven. guadalupe nettel no es particularmente talentosa pero tampoco es particularmente mala.de cristina rivera-garza, carlos velázquez, élmer mendoza y esos es mejor no hablar.
Yo estoy aprendiendo español también, y pienso que esta es una buena idea. Sería "Fútbol a sol y sombra" por Eduardo Galeano un buen libro para empezar? Me encanta el fútbol y he querido leer este libro por muchos meses, pero si voy a leer un libro en español yo prefiero poder entenderlo.
¿Cómo me introduzo en Cortázar? Quiero leer Rayuela, pero me da miendo zambullirme así como si nada. Creo que lo único que he leído del ha sido Cronopios y famas en el colegio. Pensaba empezar por Bestiario, btw.
Final Del JuegoNo hay una oración mala en todo ese libro, en serio. Los cuentos de Cortázar en general son mejores que la narrativa larga.
No conozco el libro en cuestión, pero Galeano es un autor muy accesible y pocas cosas suyas son demasiado extensas así que sería una fantástica lectura inicial.
Preparate para llorar como una puta.Era un mago el tipo, solo el y Vazconselos me han hecho llorar.Vease la imagen.Termine cambiando a azul oscuro/azul claro en las lineas no seleccionadas y azul brillante/blanco en la linea seleccionada -un viejo favorito mio- con tahoma a 10 puntos, pero gracias.Es recalcitrante escribir con un editor de texto que no te agrade visualmente y/o salte demaciado a los ojos.
botoncitoooooos
Hace no tan poco leí un libro de bisama con cien reseñas de libros chilenos. Descubrí grandes libros ahi y si lo pueden leer lo recomiedo., su pasión por la lectura es contagiosa.Hablando de literatura chilena, un mensaje de amor a memoria chilena
Tomando en cuenta que los griegos mataban a cuaquier plebeyo que usara botones, soy un anti-plebeyo en todo caso.
bump
un poema escrito por rodrigo lira
2/4
3/4
4/4
Nunca escuche hablar de esta personaLo escaneaste vos?btw, no parece que este thread tenga mucho futuro, solo 75 posts en tres dias
Henry was careful and long with his class presentation and it gradually became apparent that he was dull-witted. Here the slow unraveling of an unsavory odyssey:A fleet quirk kept henry's tail, the quirk in the form of a demon. The devil's limbs flailing at a breakneck pace, the limbs signing clever epithets at passersby. The thing always spitting and making faces. Henry himself was placid like mom. And while his classmates saw nothing but quiescent Henry, his teacher saw the demon and stifled a scream.Meanwhile a known criminal hovered around the schoolyard, his plots and plans beginning to knit.And in the front office, past manifold panes of glass, sits Principle Rose with her booze-swollen head.But back to the classroom is Henry alone; his teacher had sent the rest home. She waits in the hall, peeking in often at the dancing darkness by Henry's side.
We had some fantastic threads a while back where anons would use a prompt and post their fresh, raw work. Let's do that again.You don't have to follow the prompt if you don't feel like it'll help you.PROMPT: "He seems lonely. What do we do?"
"He seems lonely. What do we do?" Chuck giggled, licked his thick lips and unzipped his thick flies, stepping towards Mario, who was stood looming over the unconscious body.
"He seems lonely. What do we do?"I couldn't answer and instead stared. Jean's voice was loud enough that the man could easily hear, but he did not turn, and looked into the grate where the water fell into a river of gas and oil and mud. His tiny umbrella barely covered his head."Maybe we should go talk to him.""I'd rather we didn't," I said. "Some people prefer to be left alone."Jean strode away from me and sat next to the stranger on the sidewalk. She didn't have her own umbrella or coat and I could see her jacket turn black in the rain. The stranger turned to her and said something quiet, and then moved his umbrella to cover her. I walked over to sit next to Jean, and I looked into the rising water with shame."I'm Jean," she said, and she asked him where he was from, what he did, but his answers were short and mundane. "Leave him alone, there's no reason to bother him."The stranger was pale and small and had wrinkles on his face. After a time of Jean's prying, he stood up and walked over to the bus stop where we followed and stood out of the rain, but it was too late to pursue dryness. The benches also had puddles and I stood away from them to avoid the temptation of sitting.I didn't remember his name, but his bus came before ours and he stepped onto it without even glancing back."I told you he wouldn't like it."Jean's lip stuck out and she folded her arms. "Maybe he'll appreciate it when he gets home. Do you think he was married?""There wasn't a ring on his hand.""I feel awful now.""Don't. Some men just prefer to be lonely."
"He seems lonely. What should we do?" the gardener asked his wife, leaning over the edge of the irrigation canal on the outskirts of the royal property. "Should we fish him out, or just leave him?"The gardener's wife glanced at the child floating through the muck and grime, then shrugged. "I suppose we could accommodate him for now."The gardener squatted at the edge of the ditch and reached towards the infant, hesitantly placing his hands beneath the child's arms. His flesh was lively and well-colored, signifying good health and, unfortunately for the family, a considerable appetite.Despite their desolate living conditions, the royal gardeners along with their colleagues managed to scrounge together a childhood for the newfound babe, pressing him carefully into young adulthood before passing away of old age and fatigue. As always, however, a new generation of servants and soldiers, gardeners and scribes filled the thinning roster, sustaining palace life as it had always been since the first light over the Tigris broke free.In the reign of Ur-Zababa of Akkad in the year of Innana's highest glory, conspiracy bustled in the halls of the palace.
This is really goodIs this about Sargon?
Go back to reddit
clever and well executed
Putting on her face to go show a house near the colleges, Mrs. Yuri Marchand of Claremont Home Agents glimpsed her neighbor going through drawers in his kitchen. He was alone, as usual, despite living with a girlfriend. Yuri wondered why the girlfriend never appeared in the window anymore. "Young love runs its course," she thought. Also as usual, he was wearing a paisley bandanna wrapped about his head like a bohemian take on the sweatband. Yuri lingered at the window, hoping the neighbour wouldn't catch her watching as he went through hardware apparently stashed in the drawers. Plastic bags, zipties, nails, duct tape and slick nylon sailing ropes lay scattered about the counter, and the man in the bandanna shuffled them about, picking one bit up and putting it down. "Probably trying to do some fixing up around the house but doesn't know where to start," said Yuri's husband from the doorway. "Poor guy doesn't seem like the handy type.""Maybe you could help him, Mark." Yuri suggested."I don't think people are that kind of neighbourly in California, babe." "I know, but it's just..." Yuri trailed off, worried her husband would mistake her concern for the gangly, morose man next door as attraction to a tall, brooding artist. "He seems lonely. What do we do?"
"He seems lonely, what do we do?" I remember asking my mother this numerous times. People sitting on the street staring into nothing. I felt bad for them, I shared a mutual sense of self pity with them, I felt so at least."He's just a homeless man honey, there's no need to bother him""Why don't we care?" "Who says we don't? It's just not our responsibility"I left it at that, I always hated that word, it was so ugly. We left those men who stared blankly to exist on their own. Now I think about how similar I am to them.
I need some help /lit/. I usually don't come around here, but there's been something haunting me for the past few years. I once read a book - maybe 3-5 years ago - and if someone can help me find it I'll be in eternal debt to them. This is what I remember from the book:It starts out with a guy getting thrown into a limo by strange people and they start talking about how they're going to do something to his wife and something about an affair he is having. He gets knocked out and idk if anything happens between that part and this but then I just remember he wakes up in a room where someone over a microphone instructs him to put in security codes for the bank he works for or else they'll kill his wife or the girl he's having an affair with - and he'd have to choose. He ends up putting in the security codes and they kill him or knock him out? and it turns out that the wife and the women he was having an affair with and the kidnappers were all working together on this.I would but so grateful if someone could help me find this book - it's been bugging me for years seriously.Pic unrelated.
Any of you lads have any sort of experience regarding self-publishing ebooks?What other platforms exist besides amazon kindle?For those of you that might have experience regarding kindle unlimited, you get around $1.30 for every read right? Does that mean, every publisher in every part of the world gets the same amount because of the shared monthly pool?Would there be any problem if I translated some content to another language and then proceeded to publish it?As far as I understand, amazon says original translations are ok, right?
bump
anyone?
I've only self-published my novel via Amazon/CreateSpace. I didn't go the Kindle route. I don't really know how the payment method works for that bit but I'd just be happy to know someone is reading my book. I'm selling at 9.55 and my royalty from them so far has been 1.15 from a single sale in Europe. No US buyers yet.
my royalty from them so far has been 1.15that's quite low imo, amazon gives you 70% I believe.Also, care to share a bit about your book?
Amazon is probably the best one overall. Though there are a couple of other ones. The minimum royalty you get on amazon is 35%, you can get 70% on any of your original works in most English-speaking regions, but anything that's public domain/pre-existing something you only translated, illustrated for, or annotated can only be sold under the 35% royalty option.Also depending on what you're translating they'll either let you do it or ask a bunch of questions before deciding whether to let you publish it or not. That and they only support a handful of languages.
On a scale of 1-10 how good is this book on humor? I just bought It and I want to know if it's any good or not?.
This board fucking sucks at humor literature. That book is hilarious, but not really literature in my opinion. The only recommendations I see for humor are Lucky Jim, Infinite Jest, and Don Quixiote.
I just bought It and I want to know if it's any good or not?You should've asked before you bought it. Though now that you have it, how about actually reading it?
Extremely witty stuff. If you like Wodehouse, you'll enjoy Adams. After the Hitchhiker books, try the Dirk Gently stuff; it's great too.
Just read it; You'll either love it or no - you'll probably love it.
It sucks. Couldn't finish book 1.I will say this though, it might have been good before all the memes. From a strictly sci fi perspective it is perfectly competent even clever.

Just forget that it's a meme and you will find it to be good.
Hey /lit/I'm going to start studying psychology in a while and I'm looking for some "up to date" literature. Other than Freud, Skinner, Jung etc.
Lacan
an intro psychology textbook
Is it just me, or does that cigar kinda look like a dick?
No. Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar
I'd brush up on neuroscience and cognitive psych. Intro textbooks or shit you find online will suffice. Are you studying at a university? If so, the major theories will be covered.
Is it though?
The answer you're looking for is Pinker or maybe someone like Robert Cialdini.I can recommend Pinker's The Blank Slate and Cialdini's "Influence" as very good, relatively new books in psych. Some people on /lit/ might write off Influence as self help but Cialdini is very respected academically and his books are respected by Buffett and Munger.Also, don't overlook Freud and Jung or even Skinner. The claim that they are simply 'outdated' is largely an ideological claim made by reductionist modern psychologists who ignore the significance of culture and language in psych. I'm positive that the psychoanalysts will be studied more intently in the future.
Speak for yourself
When we look at something isn't it perceived from our experiences and its linguistic relativity?
Valsiner
...said the psychoanalyst who loved puffing on big fat brown cigars.
I would never have thought I'd read someone recommending evolutionary psychology and psychoanalysis in the same sentence. Cheers for the open-mindednessAnd I particularly agree about Freud, he's far from being outdated
Also, don't overlook Freud and Jung or even Skinner. The claim that they are simply 'outdated' is largely an ideological claim made by reductionist modern psychologists who ignore the significance of culture and language in psych. I'm positive that the psychoanalysts will be studied more intently in the future.Excellent observation. Psychoanalysis has made resurgence in the humanities. It really never left. See Marcuse's Eros and Civilization.
don't bother it's a farcical pseudoscience. You might as well study phrenology.
Evo psych gets a lot of shit and frankly it deserves much of the shit it gets but it's useful for explaining a very limited number of things. EvPsych clearly has some explanatory power for matters pertaining to sexuality and sex, and also it provides insights in areas where economics and psychology overlap. Unfortunately, it is very, VERY easy to abuse. Too many evo psych people are race realists.
I must admit I don't know a lot about evolutionary psychology, I mainly hear about it when it collides some subjects in sociology. And in these cases it disturbs me by its teleology and its racialism... Could you tell me what you're thinking about when you're speaking of relevance about sexuality?
he doesn't write with a typewriter
not storing every single word in your literary works inside your brain until it is time to write down everythingit's as if you wanted to be laughed at
writing literary worksnot inspiring generations of literary writers by living a life worthy of literatureMoses, Jesus and Napoleon are disappoint anon.
/lit/ starting to become like /tv/
In the summertime, the living is easy...
almost certain there are fish jumping
What's funny is Napoleon wrote an unremarkable novel.
tfw you realize most of the best authors came from upper class upbringingthey could pursue it because their way of life was already paid foryou're an english major 2nd generation americannothing interesting has happened to younobody to support youWhy am I so fucked
allowing /lit/ memes to destroy your dream
learn to write and:commit a horrific crimeorjoin the armyorbecome homeless orwellorread the stranger 5X fastorororor
Second generation is still establishing a foothold. Better put that English degree to use by making a bunch of money in business or law so your kids can have the freedom to be artists if they choose.
business or lawaka bore yourself to death with Jews and wage slaves all day.
Is that thread deleted or something?nothing interesting has happened to youIf you have nothing to write, don't write. Go find something fun to do. Maybe do part time editing or teaching work somewhere.
Very selective examples of authors being from well to do families means nothing. Are you implying that nobody poor was ever successful? The best selling author of all time was poor; despite being a hack. Besides, if you are promising and splendid enough a person you can find a benefactor. Start working on yourself
jokes on you I can write stories purely from intellectual masterbation
Some people actually do have the temperament and intelligence to rise to the top in those professions and enjoy it, believe it or not. If you don't live the lavish lifestyle, you can become wealthy and then choose what to do with yourself. Getting into those fields and then becoming the ultimate luxury goods consumer will eat you alive and leave you no better than where you started, but an able man can buy his freedom and freedom for his children.
Why have you not joined the army /lit/?
Sounds like someone just wants to invent reasons why succeeding is 'impossible' and give themself a reason to give up before ever really starting.
Shit pay and authority issues but prob won't be able to read as much
There are too many assumptions in your post that have little to do with reality.
If you don't have the temperament for STEM, then your best chance for earning a large income is in finance/law/business. If you don't spend it all, you can save it. Whether you enjoy doing that is up to you. What part of that is false? He's already in university so we know he's not completely out of the game.
Is law the most meritocratic career field in terms of being able to break into a high paying career track? I may be wrong but I understand that the LSAT is considered massively important in admissions, more singularly important than one test is for any other post-grad program. I have a friend who goes to a top 10 law school and says that even a graduate from a mediocre state university and no impressive "accomplishments" can get into a top ranked law school with an extremely high LSAT score.
material to write abouttime to thinkfree educationdiscipline to writewhy aren't you in the military
why not be a highschool teacherthat starting salary can't be that bad
It might be if you don't go to a top-30 university for undergrad. My understanding is that you'd best go to a top 14 or top 7 depending on who you ask law school if you want to make big money. If you're at an elite undergrad, though, finance and tech handsomely reward people with good mathematical and coding skills who aren't totally autistic.
Is law the most meritocratic career field in terms of being able to break into a high paying career track?kek, no. The only people I know from my school who are making good money in law are people whose parents have their own partnerships. Everyone else is making shit money, grinding at the bottom.
lmao yes it can, and it won't rise by very much at all with seniority, nevermind that you'll most likely be babysitting underclass shitlets while a risk-averse administration keeps you from doing anything to do any good for the little bastards. The cruelest part is that if you're amazing and make the right connections you can teach at elite private schools with kids who care and can sit still for half a minute, where you will be payed EVEN LESS than public schools and forego your pension.
payed
Was it a top 14 law school? I know the market for lawyers from middling law schools is terribly saturated, but I understand it that top grads from top law schools can still do very well pretty easily.I've been thinking about law school lately. I went to a mediocre state school and though I have a high GPA didn't really do anything "impressive" that grad programs care about. But I'm pretty confident I could score perfect or very near perfect on the LSAT. That 'kind' of thinking comes very naturally to me. I'm told that a high LSAT score, as long as it's really high, matters a lot more than anything else in admissions, and with my mediocre background there's no way I'd be able to get into an elite post-grad program in anything else other than being able to score very highly on one test.
I assume you're not a negro or injun?
Correct.
Well, the worst that can happen is you don't get in. Work or volunteer with lawyers if you can, and take the LSAT. Good luck brah. Don't forget to staple a twenty to your application.
I was in your position years ago. You can make money with a law degree, that "saturation" just means there are more bad lawyers. If you are a good lawyer you will be fine.My advice to you however, is this: make certain that you want to do law as your work. getting a law degree is a lot more debt than just an undergrad. You cant get a law degree then go travel etc, and pay it off. You almost certainly need to practice law; and you will be doing so for quite awhile. If you are interested in law just as a way of legitimizing yourself and seeming accomplished its not worth sacrificing your life just to keep an appearance. Really look into what law work entales and what you would want to do/specialize in. Good luck deciding your life anon. If its not for you don't do it. Not going to law-school is the best decision I ever made.
Lawyers are depicted so badly though, it's really off-puttingeither money hungry jews, spineless wimps. grossly incompetentor literally Satan
is this an extension of the previous "whut do with future thread" I'm a Bio major but apparently that's a really horrible thing to doso yaaaay
Yea, but the real world is not TV. Like. if you want people to commend you, becoming something like an immigration lawyer is hard to openly hate. While it is possible to be a money hungry jew lawyer, most normies just dont understand the basic principles of law. "hurr why are you defending that obviously guilty criminal, for money? dont you know he's guilty?" etcalso prepare to have people ask you for free legal advice for the rest of your life. being a lawyer is like being in IT in that respect.
Basically this. People resent those who make more than they do, so if you're not the white knight riding to the rescue and are well compensated you'll be hated by the poors.
why shouldn't lawyers be hated? they're the ones who're effectively guarding the capitalist class from any, even mediocre, comeuppance within bourgeois legality. they're as worthless as police scum.
still believing in working class revolution If we don't invent our way out of capitalism we will never get out. The fucking "revolution" is never coming.
You're not some Donna Tartt, Bret Easton Ellis, F. Scott Fitzgerald type, but pursuing a job and writing on the side - and then getting published - is not unheard of.That and if you are from a non-white immigrant family you can make at least some money writing about your experience as an ethnic minority.
I'm not non-white enough and all 3 of my names are too english/europeannot sure what you're trying to say
working class revolutionmediocre, comeuppance within bourgeois legalitypick one.and any inventions will just be commodified and subsumed under capitalism. technological utopianism is as worthless as the revolutionary idealism
Speaking as a South Floridian, every lawyer I have ever met or seen on a sign or heard on the radio sounds slimy as fuck. They all look sleazy. The lawyers are stuck in these small ass buildings with tiny firms, the exact opposite of cool or desirable. Most lawyers seem to barely be making any profit.It's understandable nobody respects them
What's the alternative? "This person is guilty because he's rich"?
honestly if you were this easy to defeat you have no place inspiring the minds of others with your unique interpretations on existance
I joined the army because of Valkyria Chronicles!
fuck off
The reason people hate lawyers is because most people are so bound to ideological bias, crude bluntness, and only being able to parrot that bias that the thought of someone who is able to articulate multiple arguments whether or not they believe those arguments scares them. Many people tend to fear what they don't understand, and it's people like that, who don't think in depth about rhetoric or debate or how to construct an argument, who see lawyers as some sort of modern day evil sorcerers using the dark magic of rhetoric and argumentation.
look at me I know the trendy S word
That's one way to see it. I believe people mostly resent lawyers because their existence allows rich people and corporations to get away with murders.
ThisYour economic standing isn't holding you back OP, it's your own mentalityStop being so fatalistic and realize a man must strife to become great
tfw you realize most people don't live in your countryWhy am I a tourist
strive
yo dawg, just breaking it down here:They weren't able to write because they had so much free time as a result of being upper class. They wrote because upper class people are selected for intelligence and cultural nous. And then so are their kids. Even if yo be poor as shit, it's always been a case of being good enough to get some patronage. And dedicated enough so you can spend your non - working hours writing, or skimp on your working hours. Anyone who is going to be a writer would be able to do one of the above.
2015not being richnobody cares about your dumb sob story anyway Adebe
that's not true and you know itbest i can hope for is starbucks
starbucks is a GOAT job for any hum major
you are comparing yourself to 0.0001% of the population
selling your soul to the military industrial complex
How difficult is it to become a Humanities professor?
yeah cus your starbucks job is somuch better
Hey at least he isn't killing anyone. I passed up a military intelligence job to stay neet. What is personal success of you end up just feeling like a sellout phony?
looks like military intelligence wasn't the only one you passed up
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Here you go OP, some successful authors who did not have a middle or upper middle class upbringing. There is no excuse.Don Delillo Raymond CarverAlbert CamusRoberto BolanoRichard YatesCharles DickinsSherwood AndersonIrvine WelshHenry MillerJohn FanteSamuel Richardson Jean BaudrillardWalt WhitmanJack LondonStephen King Anton Chekov his ancestors were all serfsRichard BrautiganJunot Diaz
The profession of lawyers does not allow them to facilitate people or organizations "getting away with murder", but rather their job is to explain, using careful language and detailed points, why what occurred was not "murder" in the first place and does not even vaguely fit the legal definition of such based on the phrasing of the laws on the books. People hate them as a profession because they challenge immediate assumptions and gut reactions with actual, well-prepared logic. The moral indignation people cast on lawyers is just a deflection of non-lawyers' humiliation at being masterfully proven wrong.
Richard BrautiganBASED.
anybody know?any grad assistants here?
With a Master's degree in literally any subject that falls under the umbrella of "Humanities", you can become a humanities lecturer at a community college, although full time faculty positions are competitive and difficult to come by.
unironically being an english majorAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
 yeah I'm talking at a 4 year university level just wondering if I should go for the Doctorate, or if going for a non STEM professor job is impossible nowadays
whats wrong with Englishi'm a journalism major
If you go for a doctorate, it should be in a specific humanities field, rather than "Interdisciplinary/General Humanities". Many universities have been scrapping interdisciplinary programs, not because of funding constraints, but because there's not enough marketability for generalists at the doctoral level.As for specific fields: Some fields in the humanities, such as philosophy, have limited application outside of the academy. It's also not uncommon for those with graduate degrees in History make their name in their field with commercial works of popular nonfiction rather than in academia. English is relatively versatile in spite of its cliched poor reputation.
sorry, that's what I meant I'd pursue English or Linguistics
it's a rainy chapter
Yup
Write about your day:
I went to the library earlier. My girlfriend decided to meet me there, so we met there. She had me pick out a book for her plane ride to europe. I told her she wouldn't like anything I pick out but she insisted, so I gave her a collection of poetry. Then we went home, and it started to storm. Now it's pitch dark in our living room. She's watching Netflix and I'm cooking dinner and shitposting on 4chan. Also, my nose is stuffy. Medicine hasn't helped much today. It never does. It's steak for dinner. She likes hers medium well, I eat mine medium rare. Just salt and pepper, no need to over season a nice cut of beef, right. Maybe baste it in some butter after we sear a crust on. We'll see.
In the confines of my digestion, the soul of a decomposing cheese pizza begins to rise onwards and upwards, soaring into my brain, the desire for more delicious cuisine.
Maman died today. Or maybe yesterday
My eyes were tired and itchy. I wish I could have slept longer, I really wish I could. Just continue sleeping and never wake up, and not have that feeling when cracking open my eyes with that wrecking sensation in my chest and pressure on my back.I'm shit at prose, and I'm tired and have to go to work, so I can't continue
I woke up to the sound of birds and an uncomfortable pressure in my bladder. I relieved myself wishing I was still in the peaceful oblivion of sleep. I'm lying down again staring at my ceiling where the shadows from the leaves outside my window dance playfully to a song I can't hear. My eyes are heavy, as hard as I try I can't throw myself back into the abyss of unconsciousness. All I can think of are the dreams I could be having. I walk down 14 familiar steps and make a glass of vodka with coffee in it. I'm off to a late start usually I don't wait to get out of bed. I trip back up, 14 again I just can't not count them and stumble back into bed not before turning on a fan to drown out the bird's song. I keep drinking until that magical point where my perception of time passing disappears. I remain in a drunken stupor lying on my back hoping to pass out and vomit in my sleep. It's always seemed like a peaceful way to go.
Through fear and disgust the idea of excusing myself from my duties entered my mind, and now I've failed totally and grossly. The ant creatures infested my meditation sanctuary, and I can't stand squashing the disgusting things their death chemicals attract more of their kind, actually, so now I've wasted another day.These psychotics have an open sky window in the sanctuary, this is surely the means by which the insectoids infested my beautiful, beautiful retreat. I have been pledging things for these days...and it is destroyed, because these fucking incompetent mundanes cannot keep their buildings free from scum.In the Divine Electron I seek refuge from these apeling imbeciles and the repulsive flying ant hordes.
i met a former girlfriend for lunch today. we both recently graduated and weredumped by our respective boyfriends. the combined forces of resentment over oldwounds, sexual tension, and genuine mutual care made for an awkwardconversation full of blunt mockery, awkward pauses, and shared laughs overin-jokes. apparently we're both at a point of emotional burnout, tired of beingused and discarded over, and now spend all day on tindr looking for other girlsto fuck.
I realized that there's nothing wrong with being an hedonist. So here I am.;
I awoke to bickering kids and twittering birds. My desk was an atlas of ant rivers and borders, a black chain of scuttling pincers and legs crawling up and into my daily coffee mug. I amused myself with thoughts of caffeine-addicted ants and pseudo-intellectual parallels to corporate drones before I remembered last night -- had I come on too strong? why was I so aggressive? just sitting with her makes me happy but I had to push her away. I cringed for a moment, then got up to distract myself until my shift for the night. I washed off the mug in the sink and made another cup of instant coffee, hoping I hadn't missed an ant or two, and came back into my room to weigh my options: the Virginia Woolf novel on the floor filled with brilliant writing, inventive metaphors, sunny patches of life glimpsed through characters full of depth, or turn on the laptop to endlessly refresh the literature section on an internet anime forum full of kids who misinterpret Nietzsche and talked about books they have never read. The novel remained unread for the day.
My first customer asks what kind of soup we have. Big black guy if that makes any difference, looks like a cold-hearted murderer and not just because he's black. The world is his white woman.I tell him we have broccoli-and-cheese. I'd like to remind him it's seven in the morning, which is a weird time to want soup of any kind, but I don't think I can do that without seeming rude.He says, "I don't like broccoli-and-cheese.""I'm sorry, sir. Would you like a sandwich?""Give me a footlong tuna."It's seven in the morning. This guy is some kind of psychopath.My second customer looks like Appalachian Wolf of Wall Street and wants egg white on a muffin. I tell him we don't have muffins, and this throws him so much he has to walk outside and make a call. He wishes he could afford cocaine but smokes meth.My third customer is a leathery fat lady who strikes me as somebody's chainsmoking aunt who gently abuses her nephew after he asks about the industrial-size sextoy he finds in her nightstand. She says, "The girl working yesterday morning was so rude."I know who she means, and she is not a rude girl.I ask, "What did she do?""She just seemed like she really didn't want to be here."I want to tell her we all don't want to be here. More accurately, I don't want her, leather lady, to be here. In the five minutes it takes to make her sandwich, all I ever get to know is a stranger who wants something very specific from me, and I have to come up with everything else after she gets it.
Aujourd'hui, maman est morte. Ou peut-être hier, je ne sais pas.
Wanting soup and/or a tuna sandwich at 7am doesn't make someone a psychopath. I get off work at 7am and come home and eat dinner and go to bed.
Just finished my last night shift for the week. I don't know why I always have trouble falling asleep after work, my mind runs wild.I need to lay off the coffee and cigarettes.Suddenly as if in a moment of clarity a singular though enters my mind. I'm hungry. I want a tuna sandwich. I get up off the couch to check my fridge, of course it's empty. Nothing left but a couple shitty beers and some expired mustard.I walk down to a diner nearby, I had read some reviews in the paper and it sounded promising.I barely walked through the door when I see the waitress, some middle class white girl, leering at me.I want to smile but 8 years on the force and the exhaustion of being up all night have robbed me of my sense of humor. I'll try to keep it light."What's the soup du jour?""Broccoli and Cheese"I'm lactose intolerant. I want to explain but I'm so exhausted all I can eek out is "I don't like broccoli and cheese""I'm sorry, sir. Would you like a sandwich?" she spits at me."Give me a footlong tuna."
I spent six hours, from 9 A.M. to 3 P.M. on the computer, mostly streaming music. I did a short fap. After this I got to reading six chapters of Don Quixote. I then sat down and shitposted on 4chan for about three more hours. I worked out for an hour then went outside because I was feeling anxious. There are people that have parked right in front of my house last Friday and haven't left since - I feel like this is contributing to my anxiety. I sat down and shitposted for an hour more, and now I'm probably going to do another fap.
I fapped 7 times in the last 24 hours and realized i need to fucking stop because this is destroying me. then i went to gym and read 200 pages of infitine jest.
I kind of want to see more of this.
Mild fire of wine kindled his veins. I wanted that badly. Felt so off colour. His eyes unhungrily saw shelves of tins: sardines, gaudy lobsters’ claws. All the odd things people pick up for food. Out of shells, periwinkles with a pin, off trees, snails out of the ground the French eat, out of the sea with bait on a hook. Silly fish learn nothing in a thousand years. If you didn’t know risky putting anything into your mouth. Poisonous berries. Johnny Magories. Roundness you think good. Gaudy colour warns you off. One fellow told another and so on. Try it on the dog first. Led on by the smell or the look. Tempting fruit. Ice cones. Cream. Instinct. Orangegroves for instance. Need artificial irrigation. Bleibtreustrasse. Yes but what about oysters. Unsightly like a clot of phlegm. Filthy shells. Devil to open them too. Who found them out? Garbage, sewage they feed on. Fizz and Red bank oysters. Effect on the sexual. Aphrodis. He was in the Red Bank this morning. Was he oysters old fish at table perhaps he young flesh in bed no June has no ar no oysters. But there are people like things high. Tainted game. Jugged hare. First catch your hare. Chinese eating eggs fifty years old, blue and green again. Dinner of thirty courses. Each dish harmless might mix inside. Idea for a poison mystery. That archduke Leopold was it no yes or was it Otto one of those Habsburgs? Or who was it used to eat the scruff off his own head? Cheapest lunch in town. Of course aristocrats, then the others copy to be in the fashion. Milly too rock oil and flour. Raw pastry I like myself. Half the catch of oysters they throw back in the sea to keep up the price. Cheap no-one would buy. Caviare. Do the grand. Hock in green glasses. Swell blowout. Lady this. Powdered bosom pearls. The élite. Crème de la crème. They want special dishes to pretend they’re. Hermit with a platter of pulse keep down the stings of the flesh. Know me come eat with me. Royal sturgeon high sheriff, Coffey, the butcher, right to venisons of the forest from his ex. Send him back the half of a cow. Spread I saw down in the Master of the Rolls’ kitchen area. Whitehatted chef like a rabbi. Combustible duck. Curly cabbage à la duchesse de Parme. Just as well to write it on the bill of fare so you can know what you’ve eaten. Too many drugs spoil the broth. I know it myself. Dosing it with Edwards’ desiccated soup. Geese stuffed silly for them. Lobsters boiled alive. Do ptake some ptarmigan. Wouldn’t mind being a waiter in a swell hotel. Tips, evening dress, halfnaked ladies. May I tempt you to a little more filleted lemon sole, miss Dubedat? Yes, do bedad. And she did bedad. Huguenot name I expect that. A miss Dubedat lived in Killiney, I remember.
Landed a sweet internship and started to learn German.
today, well... some things that aren't cylindrical truly are, like dancing. mama mia. and do you fucking believe it, THEY SAID IT. THEY FUCKING DID WOULD I LIE TO YOU DOES THIS LOOK LIKE A FACE THAT "LIES" I THINK NOT. theres no more man, and ya just gotta know it by now
Went to sleep at 4am because I needed to make sure that I was really tired to not think about my ex, reading in bed helped a little with that.Woke up at about 11am, wanting to do nothing, not even eat, read webcomics until 2pm, slept another 2 hours, then I had to eat.At 5pm I head to the gym, there where 2 guys that go there regularly but I only said hi to one, and there where also 2 guys who I have seen recently with a girl on the ellipticals, they were talking all the time and I didn't have my cellphone with me so I was stuck listening to them.Then at 6:20pm I had to go to volleyball practice, I tried to do my best and everything was fine until I thought of my ex just once.Came home at 9pm, and drank a lot of milk to get some calories and ate some eggs.Now I'm in the bathroom waiting to finish this shitpost that no one is going to read so I can fap even thought my penis hurts from all the fapping
now play it BACKWARDSs-s-satan loves youooooh spooky shit
my penis hurtsI hope you get better
Nothing much went on today. Read some chapters off The Catcher in The Rye, I really really like this book so far. After that went on to speak with my friend in Skype. If anything is true about him is that I consider him my brother, he's a good guy in all honesty. Got himself a nice girl too, Kaitlyn's her name. Fuck, I ended up my day drinking some beer and smoking some bud. Bad decision I guess, starting to type too much shit in this Mongolian Autism Convent. Right now I'm thinking too much about this girl who I want to fuck but I don't know if I have feelings for her or something. Funny thing is that she's my ex's bestfriend. In all honesty, I always found this damn girl really attractive. Fucking shit she's hot. Even before I met my ex, always thought she was gorgeous. On a final note, why am I listening to Modern Baseball lol?
It felt not that bad this time, but is not enjoyable anymore.What?
I know babby's first and whatnot, but can we actually discuss this book for a moment?I find neither of The Stranger's commonly suggested themes to really fit the book. 1. That Meursault is an Absurdist heroHe does nothing to fight against the absurd and seems unaware altogether of any such system of belief 2. That Meursault is executed because he is differenthe is executed because he shoots a man and does not claim self defense - it is absurd kek to say he is killed because he doesn't cry at his mother's funeralWhat is trying to be conveyed then? Has Camus just failed at conveying anything he set out to?
He just killed a man.Put a gun against his head, pulled his trigger, then, he was dead.
Call me insipid but I thought a lot of it could be explained through the lens of an unreliable narrator. Meursault isn't an absurdist, he's in the in-between phase where he's accepted the absurdity but has yet to rebel against it, and it's only through the events of the book that he realized what he did and how he had viewed the events leading up to his death was, well, absurd.Someone feel free to kick me in the dick on this, though. It's only a vague notion and I haven't reread it in years.
Nothing really matters.
it is absurd kek to say he is killed because he doesn't cry at his mother's funeralYes. I thought they used that part more to highlight General society's opinion and reaction to sonebody openly declaring "I don't hold your spooks" which is what he practically did.To say it didn't influence the trial is also absurd, strictly speaking, though.
Not crying fueled the jury into the conviction, right? Also, tip for the future: don't end a request for discussion by asking "did I figure it out? Did the author really just fail?" It's just baits shitposts
Stranger.
Did he deserve to die? Would you have convicted him given what we know from his narration?
Yes, he murdered someone.
I always thought the book itself was the reader's encounter with the absurd. Like you said, Mersault isn't really a hero in any sense, and the other theme does not really work. Like encountering the absurd on a personal level, it just kind of -- is. It does not make any sense, only that it exists. The book isn't in my view supposed to make any real sense. It just kind of happens, and that's it.I could be really, really wrong though. Feel free to correct me
Do you have any respect for people who read hacky genre fiction?
I don't have any respect for you, OP, no.
None
no less than I have for pretentious shitters like you who get upset over people liking what you don't like lmao
Even if it's the only thing they read, they still may be respectable people in other regards. But is it a respectable activity in itself? no.
+∞
why are genre memes like PKD, lovecraft, and william gibson allowed here but everything else is off limits? we have threads about them at least once a week, full of people regurgitating the same opinions over and over, and no one bats an eye.
no
PKD because he's sort of insightful, in that insane fashion of his, Lovecraft for the racism, I mean, because he's one of a kind really, and Gibson, I've never read him.
Are you saying that you would respect a person more if all they read was intellectually demanding literature?
Wait, what do people have against Terry Pretchett nowadays?
When you grow up you'll realize the division between "literary" and "genre" fiction is utter bullshit.
I'm not ashamed to say that I genuinely enjoyed Reaper Man
i always have respect for happy people
Dumb wolfeposter
What's wrong with genre fiction? What if the OP want to have some fun?
What if my idea of fun is berating OP?
Then you are a cruel person and shall not be granted permission in the kingdom of God
Is it the christposters reading fentasy books? That makes sense.
tfw i've read every single Discworld novel
there is nothing wrong with reading genre fiction. the problem is that most readers of genre fiction are completely delusional about its merit and typically deride good lit. their reviews say things like 'plot arc' and 'getting to know the characters'. They firmly believe they are speaking from a place of authority, that they know quality writing and what constitutes a good book, which is false.
Lovecraft has some great stories and is also a good expression of post-WWI Western malaise and deeper fear concerning human finitude. PKD is a whacko. Like a sci-fi, 60s California Artaud.Reading stacks upon stacks of cheaply produced and written genre schlock is embarassing and it's all too disappointingly often the literary refuge for people you would expect better from non-lit/phil humanities students, stem grad students, professionals.
Sure. Even at its worst, genre fiction is bound to have some more depth than a scripted reality show people tune into every night. It's probably the best way to spend the time if you need some escapism, but that's all it ultimately is. And no, contrary to popular belief, having fun is not inherently bad.I also agree with what this guy said.
Until you read literary authors who write within the confines of genre fiction for certain novels and do it better than ordinary genre writers.
Sure. Prachett's fine, and the best readers I know read everything and anything. Most of our Victorian classics were considered pulp/pop when they came out.
How long until this becomes common-core required reading?
/r9k/
I'm a normie tho
It never will. It isn't of canonical value. It isn't of undergraduate teaching value.I really doubt you want a scholarly pedagogy thread.Personally I'd start SOCA1002: Sub-cultures with Birmingham school studies, and maybe note incel as a potential essay topic.
normie/r9k/
I've had sexual experiences with girls of a wide range of races and like half of my friends are girls so I'm ineligible to post on /r9k/ they just go REEEE at me :
elliot was a tragic heroi've saved my virginity, protecting it for 4 years during an intimate relationship, all so i can lose it to the perfect japanese girl and write a story about it later ontfw still in japan perusing prostitutestfw still haven't found the perfect onetourist visa expires in like 12 days and i'm running out of cashmfw my quest continues
elliot was a tragic heroGo read Aristotle.
go read elliot
There's a difference between being a cunt and hubris. Also where are the fucking unities?
I've managed to avoid seeing any of this until now, but this amusingly reminds me of HH's back-story monologue in Lolita discussing the "precursor" and later events. If you think about it, other than in terms of subject matter it's exactly the same thing.
you've been missing out
it's actually really well donethe chronicle of the descent into madness is really perfect, like towards the end where he's destined to win the lotteryreally perfect indictment of hollywood culturehonestly if it had been edited just a little bit and published anonymously it would be hailed as a work of genius
it would be hailed as a work of geniusThe prose is god awful 1/10. It would be seen as some cool parody by a few underground fags; about as popular as Totalitarianism in a Tundra.
so why do people still care about this moron in 2015?
i don't think it could be heavily edited which is what it would need to have traditionally good prose and keep the desperate, but weirdly reasonable insanity. if it was written well, him being the alpha sperglord just wouldn't ring true. it should in the alternate world where he submitted this as a literary work be seen as a style choice.
 reply cont'dlike BEE and that novel where every second word is a brand name, maybe? i haven't read that, so i don't know
tfw you can't write

what site is this?
submittable
Any and every writer who has ever made a name for themselves never succeeded on the first couple of tries.
you can probably write, OPthough with an attitude like that you will never succeed
Keep trying. Just take a break of about a month, and read.
This website sounds fascinating, can you detail your experiences with it?

Start your FREE trial
Only 320 a year after that go- I mean friend
The service is paid just for the magazines using the manager. You just create an account and upload your writings to magazines by their manager, without need to pay.
tfw your plots are mediocre and don't hold interest
This is extremely true, I have had around 20 rejections so far and It's only forced me to strive to be a better writer.
around 20 rejectionshow can you keep trying?
Freshman English Comp classTold in both fiction and nonfic writing we should use only or almost only English words with a Germanic root Told we should never or almost never use words with a Latin origin or cognates in romance languages because "they're pretentious" and "no reader actually understands them"
DROP THE FUCKING COURSES.
Romance ist verboten.
i'm pretty sure this is just an exercise to show you how much of a fag you seem like when you pull out the thesaurus
Told we should never or almost never use words with a Latin origin or cognates in romance languages because "they're pretentious" and "no reader actually understands them"Holy shit I am fuming.
That's literally Reddit English composition 101
A linguistic anthropologist once said that English is an easy barometer of the speaker's sincerity. The more Germanic root words they use, the more they mean what they're saying. The more Frenchy-Latin stuff, the more they're full of it.
I don't believe this is fo' real.

Orwell says this in one of his essays.
George Orwell criticizes the dumbing down and oversimplification of the English language in 1984He simultaneously advocates for itSomehow I get the impression some of his satire and social criticism in 1984 was him playing devil's advocate for causes opposite his own.
can freshmen even identify which words come from latin?
fumingso pretentious. no idea what you're trying to say
Orwell was a cuck.
That advice is common because bad writers spice their writing with Latinate words to look more "refined". Anyone unlucky enough to have seen any teenage girl's shitty fanfictions knows this.
Orwell was actually just a confused and light-weight thinker.
Isn't the word "advice" Latinate?
tfw I know so little about etymology that I don't know the difference if the words were shown to meSo, can I just use whatever words I want or what?
This thread inspired me to make that thread Come, play in it, guys.
:^
composition So pretentious.
We teach Latin and Greek roots in middle and high school now.
Hey /lit/, I am about 150 pages away from finishing Infinite Jest and I am wondering what is the best DFW work aside from it. I have noticed that a lot of people here love his essays and are lukewarm to his short stories. Is there an obvious best of the three short story collections Curious Hair, Brief Interviews, Oblivion or are they all mixed/or shit? Could someone possibly make a flowchart?
The Soul Is Not a Smithyand after you have come to terms w/his suicide:Good Old Neon
who is this semen serpent??
the Pale King is considered his Magnum Opus
nice troll
What's /lit/'s opinion on this series? Currently making my way through book 2.
Only ever read this cute book. If you like what you're reading I recommend it.
why do you dislike riverworld
How do I contact Ruggles? I want to send a letter to him.
his publishing agent / wife try and track her office down
learn the way of the meme. take up meme meditation and he will find you.
When you are ready, he will appear.
You can ask me here.
Write through WASTE
You guys are fucking retards. Pynchon is a fucking genius and normal man by convention, not some le ebin retard who makes le jokes :'Have you ever actually fucking read his books? Or just read synopsises and get the idea his work is simply whacky jokes. IDIOTS
When the man comes around, be ready for the man.
Its like you think he would appreciate a letter where you write a whole load of shit and try to appear ironic and cool and you'd spend way too long scrutinising over the details of what you wrote meanwhile he would not give a single fuck. FUCKING SICKENING HOLY SHIT
I like this idea that he is some ethereal being
Poor anon, you don't contact him HE contacts YOU
he's like the buddha
What makes you think we're making a mockery of Uncle Tommy? If anything, we have an immense amount of respect for the man.
His address is available in public records. The only reason you haven't read about people using that info to track him down is that publishing an account of that could get them sued or worse. There's an article floating around somewhere where they confirm that the authors know his address from public records but is also very clear that they didn't go there.Alternatively, call a professor I know and ask for his agent's work address and number.
He's actually not half bad looking when you can't see the nosferatu teeth
What color is your bong, Mr. Pinecone? Or are you more of joint man?
They're more like Bugs Bunny teeth imo.
tfw I am smarter and more talented than PynchonI challenge him to a write-off: winner takes the Pynchon Estate and his son Jackson
which one should i get?
Picture on the right's cooler, go with that.
i couldnt get any info about that edition, if 34 text or not.it has almost 300+ pages though
Which is the one with the erotic fart letters?
I prefer eyepatch joyce.
I just realized I meant to say left.
literally judging books by their covers
Laid Ayyyyyyyyyyyy
no m8, i want the opinion of someone who actually knows both editions, or at least one of em
get this one
seriously. the professor of my ulysses class was fanatical about this being the edition we used. and he knew his stuff.
right obviously, its everymans library bitch
What's with Ulysses always having great covers?Get  though
Wasn't this edition notorious for mistakes and overreach on the editor's part? Genuine question.
That's the Gabler edition, which Random House initially put out under that cover. Now, however, they use a previous manuscript that is more widely accepted.
Go Oxford or go home.
Is there any specific order in which I should read Aristotle?
Start with the Phoenicians.
Organon then Physics then Metaphysics then Whatever. Use commentaries.
Some people might say start with the logical treatises Categories, Prior and Posterior Analytics, Topics, Sophistical Refutations, On Interpretation, and while you certainly can, a ore sensible starting point might be to begin with the human oriented subjects. It's a principle of Aristotle's that we begin with what is better known to us and proceed to hat is known simply in itself, and what could be better known to us than the dumb human things?Maybe a rough order to treat things in:PoeticsEthicsPoliticsOn the SoulPhysicsMetaphysicsCategoriesTopicsRhetoricOn InterpretationPrior AnalyticsPosterior Analytics
A friend and I were talking earlier on and the topic of equality amongst mankind came up. In pic related is the question he asked and the answer I gave in return. Was my answer in agreement with logic? Can you help me to correct it's imperfections?
I think you're on the right path to seeing what the argument is; a good essay on the subject of its development is the Leo Strauss essay, "The Three Waves of Modernity":
The only philosophically justifiable egalitarianism is that of the even playing field.That has tons of arguments to support it: better standard of living for everyone; individuals are not repressed except where it benefits civilization overall; individual creative impulses get to be voiced, leading to more fodder for contemplation for everyone; a generally more dynamic and 'interesting' society.But equality of outcome?Oh, you better believe it that shit is an article of faith.
Your logic is so flawed it proves the exact opposite of what it intends to. Things are not measured by their theoretical capacity to fulfill their function, but by their actual ability. In short, by setting up an objective standard of merit [The utilization of the reason for the goals/telos of knowing and living in accordance with rational principles], you are stratifying Mankind into various ranks.
Useless discourse; any idiot can see mankind isn't equal.
this.OP: Saying things are equal in that they conform to their nature is just an empty tautology, because you're emotionally invested in the idea of equality.
The whole discussion is pointless until "equality" is defined in thus context.
Based on your logic the more rational somebody is the more status they get.As it happens, it doesn't matter what any of us THINK of the matter - human equality never will exist and that's because what you know and who you know makes a big god damn difference. I guess rationality is a decent parameter to gauge it off of. Equality is something I'll leave to mathematicians and chemists. It has no place being one of the prime values of any society. Look how it turned out for the Russians.
Yeah, the definition of 'Equal' being used is a fundamental component of this conversation. You can't just assume we know what equality you're talking about.Physical? Inherently false. Some people are more flexile than others, some have better eyesight, some have better muscles; all are composites of hereditary traits with various advantages and disadvantates.Political? That's a bit more clear but far less easy to deduce any kind of reasonable conclusion over.Ethical? Holy shit, where to begin?
yeah but you're probably thinking of equality in different terms than what is implied by 'all humanity is equal'
That is the fundamental problem with his argument, though. How can the entire thing be about equality if equality is undefined?Of course we all know the dictionary definition of equality but there are as many contexts that modify its use as there are fields of study.
Things are not measured by their theoretical capacity to fulfill their function, but by their actual ability.I was close to realizing this myself but the word capacity escaped my grasp and I left to pursue another line of thought.In short, by setting up an objective standard of merit [The utilization of the reason for the goals/telos of knowing and living in accordance with rational principles], you are stratifying Mankind into various ranks.I didn't specify that the reason had to be utilized fpr any particular goal, I only specified that the ability to utilize the reason should be present.I actually said that myself at the beginning. I ought to have shut my mouth after that.
Look how it turned out for the RussiansAha... ha. .. ha.Problem was they relied on the state to enforce equality... too bad this is inherently flawed because then the state has more power than everyone else and society is thus unequal.

Please explain how *le headgear of edginess and anti-theism* meme relates to me here.
So you've defined equality as a tautological statement. In this case, it says little of political importance, and so any application to egalitarianism is a bait & switch.
but they don't exercise it equally
What does that have to do with anything?
Spooky
All horses are equal. Some horses are more equal than others.I think it all boils down to the concept of universal human ethics, which as far as I can tell, the atheistic positivist position doesn't really allow not that christianity answers it particularly elegantly, though.
I'm not emotionally invested in the idea of equality at all, for the majority of my life, in fact up until that conversation, I would have argued against it. I thought it through after I was asked and that was what I came up with on the spot. I was sure I was thinking objectively but then, so does everyone I suppose.
the defining nature of humans is their rationality Yea, ok Aristotle.
I've never read him, but I'm a fan of Epictetus.
This
OP herewhat about the 'its in humanity's interest' argument?
That's so abstract as to be completely arbitrary depending on who you asked.
I've been having trouble lately focusing. It may come from the fact I have ADHD, but it's really only become a hindrance as time has progressed from when I got off the pills. It's not that I'm having difficulties with comprehension but that I just have a hard time finding something to hold my interest. I want something not too long, a good deal of aesthetics or just impeccable style, some humor maybe, and nothing too melodramatic. Any recommendations?
pillsThere's your problem. Gonna be a while to reverse that shit, bro.
everyone thinks they have adhd. just read
go outside
Mark Twain's short stories. You can get a Signet Classics collection for cheap. 
I go outside several times a day. Don't even know why, it's never very long. I'll get up go out maybe walk to the garden, pace back and forth until I hear a car coming and move to the door to go inside before something thinks Im being weird.
someone*
Hey, /lit, I have a question: how did you come to realize that cozy reading was the best thing in life?I have friends who feel the best thing in life is fucking bitches, others, financial success and the reward of victory in competitions. Others that exploration and scientific progress are best.But, fellow litizens, clearly we have other pursuits. What made you aware of reading as the telos for living?
Bump
I tried doing other things, none of them gave me as much joy as reading.
This is my friend, Dan. Dan is in a coma after a stroke and they're not sure if he's going to pull though. He's a skilled writer and I only know him though one of my local writers groups. He isn't married and has no family. I'm scared to death that he's going to die and his work will be lost. I'm not family so the hospital won't give me any personal info and I don't know where he lives. I guess the reason I posted this is because I don't want him or any of the writers here to become crippled/incapacitated/. deceased and never have their work sent out into the world. If you'll pray for him is appreciate it, or if you don't pray please spend some extra time today and in the future to get your own work into the hands of readers. I think it would break me if he died and the fruits of his labor died on the vine. This has definitely motivated me.tl;dr- don't waste a day in pushing your work towards completion. Do it today.Gas-Kun :
i finished my fisrt novel a week ago, been on a bender ever since the
My friends have enough of my work distributed among them that they could probably put together an anthology of my stuff if they wanted. Doesn't Dan have facebook? Can't you look in his wallet for his address and family name while visiting him or something? How did you find out he was in hospital anyway, if you're not in contact with anyone who knows him?
I'll be the non-cynical dickhead and say, thanks, OP.It's been a shitty past month and some change, and I've been doing a really good job of letting my depression get the better of me. My writing life has been stifled down to a low whimper, and I've spent a lot of time just blowing the editing of my novel off.I've got a few days off work and will try to get back into a proper routine again.Thanks.
Stay focused, guy.
If this attitude is intentional, just leave.
Wow. Apparently douchebag.exe is running
Thoughts are with your friend, stay strong.
I'm sorry for your loss op
Isn't the writer's group of some help in finding where he lives and all that?
I'm sorry, opie. I'll pray for Dan today.
signing his name on an anonymous Mongolian steppeCan you please use a fucking tripcode if you're so desperate for validation so I can at least filter you?
How do I shot web?
Le anonymus names r bad ;dddddd
i knew this was gas-kunhe had a stroke and almost died a month ago you mentioned
Dan is in a comaMust have read OP's work.Seriously though, sucks what happened to him.
/lit/ is in a state of decline due to people who 'think' like you do
Was getting better. Had a relapse. I tried to make him feel better by taking him my old copy of the hobbit and the 6 narnia books but here we are. Cue asshole saying genre fiction caused relapse I didn't have a spare autographed copy of infinite jest, to give him ya pricks.
Will do. I'll be sure to pray for you friend.
le anonymous names are good for a forum that is explicitly anonymous XDDDD
Sharpie in pooper!
Thnx
I'll say a few novenas for him Gassy.
, 
Brilliant writer or nonsensical blowhard?
False dichotomy.
dumb bitch
Self-help novel nucleus.
Brilliantly nonsensical blowhard writer
Best stuff can be brought down to the length of a quote. Repetitive tryhard.

is this some sort of epic meme?his sound track seems like he has a radio next to his mic, and his explanation has no flow at all. The first 3 minutes are him saying "you're juvenile if you like it, and adults hate it" without telling us why.It's not a matter of agreement or disagreement, but backing up bold claims.
i heard she took it up the butts
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction soap opera. It has all of the hallmarks of a soap opera, right down to the "Latin lover"
Rand's downfall to me was her idea that egoism is the result of rational thinking rather than an inherent, inescapable trait in all organisms.
She's a good writer, only buttmad Marxists don't like her.
I don't find her a particularly good writer, all philosophy aside.
, 
tfw sitting at typewriter for 4 hours staring at a piece of paper with one sentence on it
typewriterBASCI BITCH
what do you write with then edgelord, a piece of paper and a pencil?
There's thousands of stories inside of you waiting to be told. You can find it, just breathe and believe.
It's cart before the horse.One thinks up something they want to convey, THEN writes it. You're trying to write without having anything to say, and that's directly comparable to those who talk without having anything to say.
typeASCII RICH I hear computers are in this season.
Lol; we don't use stone tablets anymore grandpa
just be yourself
This!Don't sit down to write without something write.
I don't think this is completely right. Sure you need an idea of what you're going to write about, but I think most people figure out what they want to say exactly during the process of writing. To a large extent figuring what it you want to say exactly is what the writing is, otherwise you're just talking about typing or making marks on paper.
You sound like a shit writer, tbh.
Sure the exact phrasing and syntax is figured out while typing, but there has to be some image or sound or thought that makes you NEED to write for you to actually sit down and do it. You've been swept over to the typewriter for sake of just writing even though you don't have anything necessary to say.Like having sex when you're not horny.
I can only speak to my own experience, but I do have something like an image, or a few words that with a cadence I like in my head before sitting down to write. Still, much the mental of the work happens while I'm actually writing the thing. It's not just the exact wording, but as I engage with my idea in the writing, and this generates further and often better ideas. Also, If you think you can be a writer and get away with only writing when you feel inspired, you're not going to get very far without being an obvious epoch-making genius.
tfw accidentally wrote a meme into a paperit was 2:00 in the morning and I was tired, but I still feel terrible about it. The worst part is that it was completely unconscious.
Which? Brendan Fraser?
typewriterGet on my level
tfw you realize you are literally nothing but a conduit for 4chan memes
If words aren't endlessly gushing out of you beyond your control, then whatever you end up writing is going to be shit. Do the world and the history of mankind a favor and stop right now.
These faggots don't know shit about writing
tfw you realize you are literally nothing but a 4chan meme
typewriterLiterally a faggot
spending a full day working on a map and history of your worldspending another day fleshing out some of the languages of your worlddecide to go back and flesh out the cultures and civilizationstfw still haven't even decided what my story will be about
What's the point of that? Aren't you just writing fantasy dor a quick buck? All that world building is pretty much useless, your efforts will be firgotten as soon as the next fad rolls in.
you're doing it right
tfw I've spent four years world building without deciding on a story.
typewriterWait is it the middle of the twentieth century again?
The night was humid
six here. currently writing the history of my worlds ecology
I only have the history of a couple plants down. My world building is all over the place. Genealogies, wars, languages, trade routes, etc.I could probably start writing a novel by by year six.
I've really thought a great deal about an actual novel for my world as well, essays on debauchery from the perspective of the cosmos of my world. gon b gud
following fads
use a pen and paper. being able to freely associate ideas and paragraphs with diagrams and re-arrangeable ordering is a must for getting initial ideas down. humans are good at making connections between ideas, not forcing them out in a single stream
Man, Danny DeVito is so fucking hot.
I made up a world when I was 7, and built up hundreds of stories around it. I rarely wrote much of it down, but I had scattered fragments of this and that. Around 3000 years of history, around five major continents not including Sjoroverheim, Heaven, and the UnderworldThen I grew older and realized that the worldview I had when I was a child did not coincide with reality, and all the stories where done by mary sues. I realized my world I had created... was boring. I'm going to read more into myths and theology before I try again.
...All work and no play makes jack a dull boy
You aren't Tolkien, nobody's going to read all that shit. And you are writing about your world's ECOLOGY? Holy shit. Tell me a single instance of that working in a book where it wasn't one of the major themes.
not TolkienOkay. Great.Who cares if those details aren't part of the major theme, though. It's meant to add to how realized the world is. I could write a whole essay on where something comes from and have it be mentioned in one sentence in passing in the book. That's the point of it, crafting and fully realizing a secondary world down to an autistic level.What I hope people will read is a story set in this world. Not the boxes of notes I've compiled, that's all just for myself to have everything neatly carved out. Whatever is really too massive to explain naturally in a narrative, would be spelled out in a tiny appendix at the end.All the best fantasies have this minutely detailed stuff.
DuneOh wait
Ecology want one of the major themes... It was philosophy and religion Anon.
forgetting Liet Kynes and Pardot Kynesforgetting the fact that the Fremen were forced to bribe the Guild with monstrous amounts of spice in order to conceal the fact that they were terraforming arrakisforgetting that the fremen's idea of salvation is a terraformed arrakis
Stirner's spooks are Plato's chains.They have philosophy, the one difference being that Plato sees the truth as a worthy end, whereas Stirner sees only one's own interests as an end. This difference is responsible for their different views on how to live life.Plato advocates exiting the helping others towards the truth, while Stirner advocates gaining power over others.So who is right? Can the cave be escaped, or is it impossible? Is it best to become a puupetmaster? Is there even an exit? spoilerWhy are both of these ideas so similar to Buddhism?/spoiler
Plato's cave is a spook
memes are spook
Didn't the cave metaphor sortof linger on the 'diffuse light section? I swear I remember somthing about having to take care getting through the section mediate from escaping past the performers and the cave exit. What's up with that section nee ways?
I believe that "diffuse light" section was the "World of Perfect Forms," which I took to mean the truth. Plato says to help others find that world.
Stirner's spooks are not chains. You've misunderstood them. They can be chains. But they can also be tools. Stirner does not advocate anything. The Ego and It's Own is an observational writing, not a political one. Stirner does not advocate gaining power of others, he states that all humans wish to use their power to its fullest extent and fully consume themselves, but some factors hold them back.
From now on every time I said Stirner is replaced with Stirner Posters.
What is not supposed to be my concern [Sache] ! First and foremost, the good cause [Sache], then God's cause, the cause of mankind, of truth, of freedom, of humanity, of justice; further, the cause of my people, my prince, my fatherland; finally, even the cause of Mind, and a thousand other causes. Only my cause is never to be my concern. ''Shame on the egoist who thinks only of himself!"Doesn't sound very observational to me
Then you must have some trouble reading English. He's observing how everything else is supposed to be his concern except himself.
Observing is used very loosely there. That reads more like a complaint than anything.
Then you must have some trouble reading EnglishOh the ironing. He's listing causes commonly imposed on people, and then what people say about the egoist see: Stirner who's only causes is himself.
So what do you think of the similarities with Plato?
Its just tongue in cheek language. Stirner often satirizes the views of those he's observing. Next he goes on to say "let us observe how these higher powers manage their causes", or something to that effect.That's observational. Also, I don't like this "one thing must be one thing all the way throughout or its the other!" mentality. Stirner literally says in the book he doesn't advocate you doing anything or using the knowledge in any particular way.
thats wholly observational, especially that last part which is a comment on how society wants one to view egoism
I don't think there are any. Plato's suggestion to help the man next to you instead of helping yourself is a spook, because it doesn't help you but rather relies on some shaky idea that the guy next to you will do the same. Egotism would support doing what ever gets you out of the cave in the best way for you.
Plato's suggestion to help the man next to you instead of helping yourself is a spook, because it doesn't help you but rather relies on some shaky idea that the guy next to you will do the same. Egotism would support doing what ever gets you out of the cave in the best way for you.Ehhh, not really. Stirner wasn't Ayn Rand. Even if you dollowed Plato's suggestion, you would still be an involentary egoist. Egoism would support doing whatever you felt at the time. If you comrade's situation moved you, NOT helping them to confirm to egoism would be the spook.
That's true. I concede to your point.
stirner doesn't advocate anything
/lit/ is a quite interesting board, you have entire threads dedicated only for shitposting. amazing.
every thread on the whole board is like that, you just haven't fully understood /lit/ yet
Anyone who needs a diagram to understand Plato's cave is legit asperger
There aren't any similarities as far as I can see, Plato advocates for idealism/reason over the mere images we are able to percieve, while Stirner advocates more for substance and power. Plato wants to destroy the chains and see the true sunlight, but Stirner doesn't say anything normative about the spooks. You can mantain all of them. He only argues that: 'look, people are putting ideas before themselves', you can take action or not, he doesn't say that you have to destoy the chains/spooks.
Not in their advocation, but chains and spooks are similar, no?
Why am I me and not someone else? Any books that deal with this subject?
Here is a treatise I wrote on the subject. It's intitled On Anus, since it's in Latin, like any proper shcolarly text past 500 AD and since it deals with me, namely Anon. Here is the whole text:"If I was someone else, by the simple property of the verb 'being', I would still be me, but me would be someone else. Checkmate solipsist."On Anus was very well received by critics, some even saying it created a "wind of change for the better" in the whole philosophy crowd.
I Am a Strange Loop by Douglas Hofstadter
It's a translation of course. Silly else.
As small and insignificant as you are in the universe, only you could be you. There'll never be another. Take care.Good stuff.
What is /lit/ opinion of "One Night in Winter" by Simon Sebag-Montefiore?
I enjoy his biographies of Stalin, is this book similar?
Is there any manual or writing guide that teaches one or at least tries to teach how to write poetic dialogue, like the verse dialogue in the plays of Shakespeare, Jonson and Marlowe?I bought several dialogue manuals, but they are all directed at simple and realist prose dialogue like the dialogues in novels and short-stories. Poetic spice is always treated as bad ornamentation and the imitation of the real accents of everyday conversation is the main goal. I think that realism is indeed a very honorable and rewarding thing most of my favorite writers are from this tradition, but I miss dramatic works written with the same fire as the one we find in Aeschylus and Shakespeare.I searched Amazon and didn’t find anything: no guide or manual about writing in blank-verse or in any sort of verse dialogue; I was wondering if anything like this exists. For now all my learning has been based on reading verse plays the few ones that I actually like: verse drama is a very hard medium for one to master and mediocrity abounds – it’s very risky to try this form of literature and writing them myself, but I would like to read some specific teaching text on the subject.Thank you all for your help.Also: verse dialogue thread; verse drama thread
Bump: I really need some light here.
Well, you first have to have a plot with characters.Then you at least have ironies and consistencies which congeal into a personal theme. At that point, you'll be able to write thematic monologues in iambic pentameter, say. Here, you'll want to make use of metaphor and simile to build up the length.
who is this sauce sorceress?
bump
There are no "how to" guides for this outside of criticism contemporary to the verse drama because the verse dialogue is non-commodity: it can't be used to teach an intro to poetry class for money because it it too complex, it can't be used to create salable literatures like screenplays, Broadway musicals, journalism, etc. It is also totally out of fashion in the age of textbooks. Your best bet is to read lots of criticism on Robert Browning, Shakespeare, etc.
You think the reason they have that fire is because of the form they wrote in?Even if that was why, which it wasn't, they were writing when the form was new. Trying to write in verse in the 21st century is archaic, and there's no good reason to do it.
Trying to write in verse in the 21st century is archaic, and there's no good reason to do it.Why? There are no rules. One should aim to independent, even if it means to be independent from ones century. If you don’t care for money and write for your own ambitions and dreams you can use whatever form you want.Why would you write in simple prose if you like poetry and versification and the world seems not to be offering it anymore? Why can’t be you the one who offers? You think the reason they have that fire is because of the form they wrote in?That’s because of the metaphors and the imagery mostly: that’s the main thing in Shakespeare. Your best bet is to read lots of criticism on Robert Browning, Shakespeare, etc.This
"You should aim to be independent of any one vote, of any one fashion, of any one century."Gracián
I started to read books about 5 years ago just to have something to do on long train commutes. At first, I was absolutely mesmerized to discover reading. I was looking forward to my 1,5 hour commute just so that I can read a few more chapters from my current Heinlein novel. However, I think that I burned out somehow. I read sci-fi. I read almost everything from my favorite writers and I find it more and more hard to find something that would catch me as strongly as the first books that I read. It takes great effort for me to find a book that I would remotely like. I look up Hugo and Nebula winners, but they do almost nothing to me anymore. I wanted to ask if anyone else experienced something like this. I haven't read a mesmerizing book in the last 6 months. Is something wrong with me depression, overwork or is it a normal phenomenon? How to get out of it?
read something that isn't bullshit
I read also a lot of non-fiction and history. Sci-fi is was just my main passion.
This happens to me, too. I will read a lot until I come to a book that's just not great, and then I won't want to read anymore. I have to always force myself back into it.
"i haven t read anything worth two shits and i m bored as fuggg with reading lmao"obligatory summer is herein other news: i ve only drink piss poor quality beer and i m sick of drinking-i only eat at mcdonalds and i m sick of eating-i only go to starbucksaye! and now i hate coffee
"a ton" of non fiction and historyIt's like pleb-by-numbers.Bantz aside who cares, you'll get over it. Grab a short story collection or try someone more literary like vonnegut.
Well, what are you interested in now? You might just be burned out on scifi
Start with the Greeks.
Point taken, but what should I do? I tried reading the classics, but it is not much better.
The last book that took my breath away was "The goulag archipelago" by Solzenicyn and "The long walk by Stephen King".You might be right, since none of the books that captured my mind in the last two years were scifi.Did this happen to you?
Vonnegut, PKD, Lovecraft, George Saunders, Italo Calvino imo. Only the former two are sci-fi leaning though.
You don't want "literature". Everyone in this thread is going to recommend you bullshit you wont read because you don't use your degree to work at starbucks. If you're into Sci-fi, the last 3 refreshing books I read were The Windup Girl, Ancillary Justice and Redshirts.The Windup Girl has tropes that you may find annoying being from 4chan. It's obvious the writer is writing about a foreign culture but the scenario it presents is novel which is worth something. It won its awards because it was something new and had a political message that those kinds of committees eat up.Ancillary Justice is a slow paced revenge story with a pronouns gimmick. It starts slow but has great moments. It was written painfully and obviously written by a woman. If you've read enough books, you know exactly what this means.Redshirts is rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead set in the Star Trek universe. I'd recommend the audible audiobook if you can stand Jos Wheaton.It's not you, Sci-fi blows right now. Hang in there.
Ancillary Justice looks great. Thank you!
Read some poetry?
I love Bukowski, but I get tired of other authors quickly.But yes, maybe I should explore everything before ranting.
You have to get an english degree to not read dogshit"Grown up books are boring"
Ancillary JusticeIs that the...Yes it is.recommended on /lit/kek
This isn't really Bukowski related.I've been reading Anthony Hecht and Yusef Komunyakaa.Maybe you could like this:like to read lyrical stuff like this when I need a breather from reading novels.
I recommend early 20th century Sci-Fi.Their world views and their view of what the future would be is so different from ours that even pulpy schlock has some unexpected twists in it.Ray Cummings is an okay author in this regard. I like his style of not trying to write scifi for his modern day but attempting to write his idea of a future society's contemporary book.He has shit endings though, so be warned. Very curt stuff.
Thank you for the recommendation!
I have all three of those books in my library right now, but I haven't touched any of them. I was probably most likely to read The Windup Girl, but now that you've mentioned it, I see it might be even more annoying than I expected. I was just judging by the cover and the title that it would be something campy.I've been on the fence about taking Ancillary Justice seriously. I don't care about gimmicks, and I actually do like to read female authors now and then. I'm just worried that it goes beyond gimmicks and the usual "feminist author" stuff think Margaret Atwood into territory that would make me roll my eyes too much.And finally, I'm frankly terrified of John Scalzi. He seems like he might just be the cancer that is going to destroy science fiction. Just look at the premise of Redshirts. I don't see how you can call it anything other than "meme fiction." Yet a lot of people seem to be reading him. People are smitten with his online presence. I don't know why, but I haven't yet dared to find out. Have you read "The Martian" yet? If you have, you know exactly what I mean about meme fiction killing sci-fi. Honestly, extreme man-hating feminism, "white privilege," etc., worry me less than that bullshit.
I became an avid reader like three months ago and I can't stop. I stopped watching tv and I don't spend much time on 4chan anymore.Here's how I did it.-Remember the average person reads like zero books a year. If you read 5 pages a day, you are 5 pages above the average person-Don't force yourself to read. Commit to read 5 pages a day. I swear after three days you'll feel like reading more and after a month or so you should be reading 50-100 pages a day for pleasure-Read various books at the same time. When I grab a difficult book or one that makes me sleepy I grab another and switch. This should refresh your head. Keep them thematically different. I read economics and fiction.-It isn't a race. Reading slowly won't make you sleepy that fast. Try to acknowledge what books are for you to read fast and which aren't.-Buy the physical copies. When you get the books from your own money you'll feel the need to read them to avoid the feel of wasting your money.-Start with books highly discussed here so you feel motivated to discuss.
My advice to those whom are just beginning to read or are struggling with reading.I began reading a couple of years ago, however, it was on and off and I could never get through a book or I could never a new one. Now I read consistently every night before bed. Here are a couple of tips that helped me.1. Start slow but be consistent. It’s okay if it takes you longer to read but reading is a skill or a muscle just like anything else.a. I recommend reading a chapter of any James Patterson book every morning when you wake up or a book with short chapters.2. Read for time, or pages I recommend 40 minutes as your minimum reading time. When I read for time I feel less stressed. When I read for pages, it stresses me out because I began to count the pages. Lately I’ve been counting pages because it comes out to two hours, and I read for two hours. Roughly 30 pages Plus the morning chapter reading.3. Turn off the T.V., it’s less stimulating than a book.4. Talk to other readers find out what they can recommend you.5. Talk about the book you’re reading to anyone. If you find interesting I’m sure a friend, family member or a coworker will also.6. Read anything that interests you. Fiction, sifi, mystery, non-fiction. Pick something, there’s something out there for you.7. Reading is an invaluable tool.8. Read at a table, don’t read in your bed, or on the couch.9. Pick a book, and find the time.10. You can do it. Stick with it.
Whenever this happens to me, I just go and re-read a book I loved but haven't read for years. Its a lot like coming back to your hometown after being gone for a decade; you know how everything will be, but theres a lot of new stuff too. Holds me over until I find something new.
Well I was never a huge scifi buff but I remember being in a slump and then reading Perdido Street Station, which got me excited again. It's not scifi though
I get burned out on certain kinds of stuff sometimes. Usually I'll read some sci fi novels, then eventually hit up some short story collections, then move on to "classic literature" stuff like Hemingway, and eventually come back around to sci fi and fantasy stuff again.Also, if you haven't yet, read Game of Thrones.
"The classics" is more books that you could read in 30 years mang. You've not read "the classics", you've read a few famous books that people think are serious because they were written long ago. You're only at the horizon of the rabbit black hole.I suggest reading books from a genre and century you're probably not familiar with: so, say, plays and poetry from the XVIth and XVIIth century English, French, Spanish and Italian authors mostly, lots of Italian and Spanish from around that era like Lope de Vega, Quevedo, Gongorra, essays and speculative or philosophical novels from the XVIIth century and before somewhat in line with sci-fi, lots of funny stuff, Aristophanes, Swift, Sterne, Voltaire, Diderot, More....Might be off-putting, but getting past the apparent quaintness or antiquated language is very much worth it. Those guys created our culture of literary banter, after all.
nou
You are platinum mad, m8

Who would you have direct whatever book? Who would act?
Starting us off:
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck should direct some lesser-known Shakespearean productions. When I saw The Tourist, I wasn't interested in the story, but I knew it wasn't directed by an American, because the characters aren't shot above the waist all the time; the director gives us some room to observe the European environment. In American filmmaking, we rarely see extended shots of characters depicted in the context of their environment Die Hard, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf and Revolutionary Road are some exceptions, but this would be very useful in a serious drama.I think he could direct something like Timon of Athens. The German government should take advantage of this financial crisis by moving their film production into Greece.
Shameless self-bump.No more bumps after this, though. If the /lit/ gods demand this thread die.
OP, yours are shit, here's the good stuff.
Times have changed faggot.
tfw you do nothing since graduation a few weeks agotfw you woke up at 10 am today and have spent 4 hours on the internet while drinking too much coffeetfw I kind of want to learn programming and read the good books on my shelf but not enough motivationtfw I set myself goals and then immediately delete them because I think I should just do what comes naturally and setting goals isn't sustainableWhat the fuck do? I feel like, in the words of Schopenhauer, I'm reading myself stupid. But that's easy for him to say when he lived over 100 years ago and you could revolutionise philosophy in an afternoon, make advances in chemistry in your shed etc. My "great hope" is to make a flappy bird tier app that gets successful due to luck.Add to all that: Stirner's philosophy throwing a further wrench in to things.
kill yourself.
replace coffee with weed, add in barely holding down a shit restaurant job, and you just described my last year.
This may not really apply to you or your issue but I feel this post is as good as any to say this..When my self-discipline has spiraled out of control and I find myself slipping into a life lull, I reaffirm this principal and it always brings me back on track.It's a cliche comparison of chess and life. In chess it's said that many good positions wins the game. Instead of a grand scheme and diliberate plan, merely moving your pieces into small better positions will make strategies that emerge from the positions. Put your bishop on the long diagonal. Get your knights behind outposts. Castle. Acheive central positions for your pawns. Trade bishop for knights in a closed game. Put your rook behind your passed pawn, and so on.Making these small adjustments in your life that improve your positions but don't obviously move your "grand scheme" forward is the same. Not only that but by excersizing the muscle of self discipline in small confrontable bites will grow it until you can, say, sit down and learn programming even though that's not exactly what you want to do at that moment.You can come up with your own better positions but the things I always start with are: Waking up at 6am by alarm without using snooze. Eating more wholesome traditional foods and cooking my own meals. Getting into a consistent gym/excersize regime. etc. etc.You can come up with your own list, but the idea is the same. If you move your pieces into better positions, other unrelated shifts began to happen and your luck and ability to concentrate improves.
wanting to accomplish things is a spook
tfw you are at unitfw your work schedule is so ridiculously flexible that getting into the habit of waking up in the afternoon doesn't have any consequences
My PhD advisor in STEM was a Stirnerian, and he worked pretty much all the time. His wife forced him to take vacations in his home region, but judging by the feedback emails he kept sending me he was working full time with his laptop on the beach or wherever.How is Stirner a problem for you faggot? If you end up miserable because of your laziness then don't be lazy.You're probably afraid of failure and fear is a spook, obviously.
I can't believe I came to this site today and actually found something that wasn't self-righteous shitposting. Not OP, but this actually helped.
wanting to reap the benefits of accomplishing things isn't. Or at least if the spook benefits you then there is no reason to avoid it.
Enjoy it because you'll be miserable once you find a job.
blogging on /lit/No.howeverYou sound satiated with consumption of intellectual content. Perhaps try focusing on tasks.
getting a job
STEMwhat are you doing  what am I doing
you will never be an ornamental hermit living on a millionaire's sprawling estate, constantly studying and reading philosphy and occasionally entertaining the houseowner's guests with discussion
banned
Hey what are you doing reading Aristotle?!!? Don't you know he was wrong about everything!
It's sad how much this guy looks like my little brother.
“The marks humans leave are too often scars.” Aristotle can suck dick.
Go read Aquinas instead, he was great!
Nice try but I'm still not gonna read Aristotle.
tfw the school curriculum still teaches dead white meni mean really, it's 2015 ugh
why won't he floss
People with science degrees don't get taught philosophy. The only exposure a physics major gets to aristotle is to aristotle's naive conceptions about mechanics and how they are profoundly wrong.
Oh wait I thought that was brian greene not john green. He's just an idiot; carry on.
so problematic
why does one of my philosophy professors have a bachelors in physics then
A semester in phil is mandatory bro.
There is a big difference between a BA in physics and a BS in physics.Not where I went.
tfw the decline of western academia has yet to affect your countryFeels good, can't wait for this trend to die
U went to a shit uni in a shit country then.
It's not a trend, you're just on the wrong side of history
Can't wait for this trend to die alongside its memes
He has a B.S. in physics
It was one of the best schools for engineering in the US. Engineering departments always offer overspecialized educations so I suppose that the physics department was affected by the engineering department's teaching philosophy.
in the USthere you go.
The Odyssey is like so dumb. Odysseus has sex with like a ton of girls but he's going to kill Penelope if she's not faithful? That's not very feminist, Ody. You got some learnin' to do. Now for today's thought bubble: a little tiny Lysistrata figurine. Oh Homer, we can't possibly hold you accountable for not being a feminist in ancient Greece, after all, it's not like feminism existed back then, oh wait, it totally did, you misogynist pig. Back to the Odyssey: is Penelope the true hero of the story? Yes. Yes she is. That's all we have time for today, be sure to like and subscribe and buy tickets to my new movie: The Da Vinci Code with Teenagers.
What are you trying to imply here? US higher education is notorious for being grades 13-16 / unfocused. An engineering major in the US is more likely to take an intro to philosophy class than anywhere else.
Except where phil is mandatory.
Kek. Does he have video on the odyssey?
Oh, the touching naivity of the american.American has no mandatory philosophy class in high school. Instead you have worthless shit that is literally here to make the retarded ones graduate.

I went to an american public high school and we had both a mandatory intro to phil & epistemology class
Good.How come it is not federal, then ?
These many threads about this irrelevant cunt is getting out of hand.
because it was an IB school so people in a superior nation were responsible for most of the curriculum
and he does accuse it of being misogynist. What a great introduction to the original epic by completely missing the point.

[YouTube] A Long and Difficult Journey, or The Odyssey: Crash Course Literature 201WOW...I've never seen any of his videos, but this is so bad. The best part is that he probably thinks he is smart. Is it true they show this in schools?694,036 viewsOh boy.
yes, though to be honest the history ones arent bad and id use them in class

id use them in classI guess they can't be any worse than the Howard Zinn I regularly got in AP US
"UGH"

foucault really made a 180 turn didn't he
you mean 360
I love how not only does he butcher the poem with his inaccuracies and attempts at humour, but then he goes on to a shitty rant about misogyny. I'd say this is embarrassing, but evidently he and people like him have no shame.
shame is a manifestation of the patriarchy m8
console gaming a shitlet's get a memestreak going
Well this video's purpose isn't actually to teach people how to read the poem. It's about:1. Getting teenagers familiar with the plot so they can pass the test on friday.2. Trying to be le funny nerd meme man.3. Get your pure ideologies heard.I could also add that all this is just him trying to cash into the latest trends and that he's actually a genuis exploiting his audience like that, but I dunno about that.
I laughed
le funny nerd meme man.Kek
tfw will never be this stupid


10/10
you made me think of monkeys laughing at other monkeys which made me kek
John Greene, please...
what kind of dog is this
Okay, I used to not really give to much of a shit about John Green, but now that he's doing shitty feminist readings of Homer I want to punch him in his smug face.I've heard and read feminist readings of both the Iliad and the Odyssey which haven't actually been bad, but they didn't fucking pretend Homer was some dude alive in the 20th/21st century. The realised the context of when the fucking poems were written, but not John Green.Fuck this guy. Fuck him in his pasty white ass.
I think I'm beginning to understand the whole cuck meme.
phil majors have the option of specializing in the philosophy of science, and it's not a huge stretch from there to a BS. You're closer than some cunt doing eastern phil in the middle of the midwest, anyways. idk if physics majors doing mostly philosophy of science is a thing.
Like one semester is really meaningful
in the USWouldn't hire.
fellow IB guy, I see.We're still a rare and obscure lot.
That's the worst part. He's not only degrading the Odyssey, he's also degrading feminist readings of it and of all literature. A feminist interpretation of women in the Odyssey? Sounds interesting. But John Greene shits it up.
Cause he's a cheap fucking hack. He probably think the presence and activity of the gods in Homer cheapen it or some such nonsense.When I was in University I read a couple, there was a particularly interesting one about Penelope and Andromache.
Clearly you're a plebe if you'd ever utilize that purile trash
ugh, face palming so hard guys
I don't want to read on this planet anymore.
the jew is eternal, it will never die
The history ones are pretty bad. I binge watched all of US history ones two nights before my AP and it was just awful. So politically biased and so anti-America. Don't get me wrong, I'm not much of a patriot, but to hear all the hate for hours and hours really pissed me off.
High school students and failing college students will actually watch John Green and take his summaries seriously.
Shits on Aristotle whenever he canNothing but praise for Thomas Aquinas...?
He minored in religion at Kenyon, so it's to be expected really
Is it true they show this in schools?It is easy to think that the youtube + powerpoint internet culture is actively killing knowledge. Honestly that's what I think most of the time.The problem is, of course, that those tidbits of entertaining, easy to get, and most importantly self-contained information are infinitely more attractive to the average pleb than structured knowledge.But there's just no way of going back, the screens and their attraction are everywhere and they are not going away. What I'm hoping for is we will eventually figure out how to use that form of knowledge transmission to actually transmit structured knowledge.Maybe those simplistic, often moronic "learn [topic] in 5 minutes" videos are the embryo of a legitimate educational medium that will exist in the future.
Failed college student here. I don't take john green at all. Please don't bully.
He's pretty pro america. If anything I was disgusted at his shitting on European history
Hearing him shill for Persian despotismAbsolutely disgusted tbh
Hating John Greene for being kitsch and unintelligent/uninformed.Do you guys hate the salads at McDonalds too?
Never seen his show, but the ancient Persians were closer to us, morality wise, than the ancient Greeks. 300 was weird, making us cheer for warring, slaving, pederasts.
This kind of thread is the same kind of anti feminism thread that appears on /pol/. What is the point? Nobody here likes this guy, most people here think he is dumb and the rest don't care about him. Why make a thread like this? Do you guys feels better after talking shit about him or what?
What's wrong with misogyny?

Why is he famous? Explain this, please. I'm a yuropoor. I don't except an academic lesson, but this video is terrible. This guy is a malicious person.
He caters to the teenagers. Wacky animation, wacky jokes, shit femminist interpretations, the kids love that shit.
Morrisey?
implying he wasn't
jely
I don't know why, but I actually laughed at this one. I think it was the innocent "rule to remember" that got me.
43. Whispered to the conservatives. — What was not known formerly, what is known, or might be known, today: a reversion, a return in any sense or degree is simply not possible. We physiologists know that. Yet all priests and moralists have believed the opposite — they wanted to take mankind back, to screw it back, to a former measure of virtue. Morality was always a bed of Procrustes. Even the politicians have aped the preachers of virtue at this point: today too there are still parties whose dream it is that all things might walk backwards like crabs. But no one is free to be a crab. Nothing avails: one must go forward — step by step further into decadence that is my definition of modern “progress”. One can check this development and thus dam up degeneration, gather it and make it more vehement and sudden: one can do no more.Twilight of the Idols
tldr
Peter Hitchens doesn't make this mistake despite going on about how things got worse
Explain.
Crabs don't walk backwards. They walk sideways.Me 1Nietzsche 0

Completely agreeable.What almost everyone fails to see is that in every single advancement humanity makes, worldwide decadence increases, and so does prosperity — but as time goes on prosperity becomes more and more exclusive. The many gods are replaced by the one god, etc. Right now we are living in the greatest era humanity has ever experienced, and we always are; if you're unable to see that in the time you live in, it's not because it isn't true, but because your lineage has now been excluded.
HURR you can never go back! so no use learning from the past and taking the best elements and applying it to today! Everything must be totally new all the time!Nietzsche praised the 'will to power', but he himself failed to achieve one iota of 'power' and in time all memory of his mediocrity will be blotted out. I've never read someone so naive and small-minded and with such a total lack of self-awareness.
philosopher quotewithin 10 comments Peter Hitchens and SJW's are mentionedCOME ON /POLIT/, WE NEED MENTIONS OF THE FOLLOWING BEFORE WE WIN:Peter Hitchens [x]SJW [x]cultural marxism [ ]cucks [ ]feminazi [ ]tumblr [ ]muh [ ]degenerate [ ]
The only people in the past worth learning from are the ones who were beyond even today's standards. Aside from that, the past is for finding out what NOT to do anymore.
Nietzsche praised the 'will to power', but he himself failed to achieve one iota of 'power' and in time all memory of his mediocrity will be blotted out.In time his recognition as the greatest philosopher of all time will only grow greater and more universal. His reputation has already recovered from more shame and ill repute than any other thinker in human history the association with Nazis and he came back from it stronger than ever.If that's not some kind of 'power' I don't know what is.
Evola [ ]Hitler [ ]reddit [ ]moral fag [ ]Jew/Jewish plot [ ]
You can't be effectively reactionary. What you can do is preserve the power of today.Conservatism  reactionary.
Hi Icycalm.
I strongly disagree. History is not that linear. It's a cycle of boom and burst.
I'm a quasi-Marxist but I don't see myself as a revolutionary, but a reactionary. It's technology and science that wants to change society and the human the most, it's the most revolutionary force, but so far, aside from banal things like medicines, airplanes, science only has evil in mind for us.
You could spare the "even" and i would agree.
It is linear from the perspective of the highest order of people, an endless positive slope.
Plz elaborate.This sounds really interesting but I have no sweet clue how to interpret it.
Uggggh cyclical history vs. linear history as dichotomy.It's an upward sloping cycle, pic related.
sorry I meant this pic
Yes. So-called current reactionaries are in fact revolutionaries now.
scientism only has evil in mindFTFY
And what's the problem?muh sweeping greentext is critical and pinpoints a fault in logic /r9k/
muhThere's one! 
Yeah but no. In b4 GDP. This holds true for all metrics.
I want you to screencap your post, and read it in 5 yearsI guarantee you will cringe
Forgot pic. It's directionless.
We also gotMarx [X]
:^]
And infographics [ ]
This is a chart measuring percentage of total GDP, not total GDP. The chart below is WORLD GDP over time, which is not only progressive but exponential this incidentally doesn't agree with MY theory either, but it's certainly closer to my theory than to your theory and your utterly laughable failure to read your own chart properly
Right now we are living in the greatest era humanity has ever experiencedI disagree. What you call advancement, I call acceptance of petty materialism.National Socialism is good though
acceptance of petty materialism.What else can we fall back onto since we're getting rid of more spooks generation by generation?
I expected your chart. Here's a better one.A flat chart with a spike at the end is still considered directionless in statistics.
We're getting rid of spooks but as more and more spooks perish the eternal Indian pantheon which emanates Westward from the Arabian sea remains a constant source of truths from "above" and thus an inexhaustible well of wisdom we can all drink from.
spooksfunny memosophy
National SocialismIt's too vaguely defined. The only example we have of a state calling itself national socialist ended horribly.
I'm not all that familiar with stuff like Hinduism and Buddhism but as far as I can tell its not that different from a type of spirituality with minimal spooks which isn't much different from the direction western society is heading towards minus obvious shit like cancerous capitalism. It's like substituting apples for oranges ain't it?
It's too vaguely defined.Every man has the right to adorer their nation and value their nation above all else, as it is the core of their identity.The only example we have of a state calling itself national socialist ended horribly.I disagree, it ended because it could not defend itself because its enemies began to use propaganda as an extreme war tactic.Again, every man deserves to put their nation above all else, meaning other nations are free to defend themselves from expansionism.
It's a reference to Hamlet just so you know.
His recognition of being a good philosopher is only because it's easy to read and misinterpret, he is too vague and over-reach at everything. He makes some observations which already make you believe some cliche you already know. His only good work is Genealogy of the morals as a reference of what happens if you go full retard.
What you call advancement, I call acceptance of petty materialism.That's not what I call advancement. We're not looking at the same things is the issue here.
Nahhh. He was way ahead of his time on most shit he said. He accepted most of Spinoza's conclusions about metaphysics at a time when not everyone did. He recognized conscience as internalized cruelty decades before the psychoanalysts did. His ideas on truth were the precursor to both postmodern language stuff about analytic pragmatic stuff. He predicted all the major 20th century events: WW1, reversal of Christian values we can see this in abortion, gay marriage etc, there would be a struggle where somebody attained supremacy over the whole planet U.S. Hegemony the last man 20th century consumer culture and social democracy, that Germany would become a huge threat that the rest of Europe would need to deal with at once to avoid catastrophe. He even predicted that HIS OWN philosophy would be associated with some huge crisis and arguably in rough form predicted Zionism he said 'the 20th century will see the fate of the people of Israel'He never had one "big idea" in the same way someone like Darwin did, in that sense it's easy to write him off, but his philosophy is just such a deep repository of truth and insight over all that you'd be a faggot to ignore it. His prophesies alone should be proof enough. Nobody in history ever "called it" like Nietzsche called the 20th century.
he is too vague and over-reach at everythingIf you read him enough and have the capacity to understand him you'll realize not one thing he said was vague in the slightest. He has greater clarity in writing than any other philosopher, bar none.
Are there any young under 40 authors currently writing who worked shitty part-time jobs as their source of income before getting published?
Noah Cicero
Jesus
Most.
All of them??
What you're really asking is, can I do this kind of work and write? The answer is, yes, if you want to, and if you have the energy and will to do it.
I work graveyard at a coffee joint in Canada. Tim Hortons! Spectacular place. Nights are easy with baking and drive thru only. It's a shitty slot, 10pm - 6am. Especially the Sunday night to Monday morning transition. Most people throw a terrible tantrum if their bacon is not crispy enough or there's not enough lettuce in their sandwich. I'm not a well-known author, but I was able to write my novel bit by bit with the 3am breaks. published through Amazon/Createspace.
how much money have you made so far?
Where can i find interesting but easy literature?The sticky as a bunch of intellectual crap.I rather enjoyed 'let the right one in' after seeing the movie
intellectualism is inherently disinterestingTry /b/ or /co/, we read literature here.
looking for a particular genre OP?
intellectual crapIt's really hard to tell what you mean by this.
Hello Litlings, I am a big horror fan, read a lot of Lovecrafts works, also a fan of Matheson I am Legend being a favourite i've tried reading a few of Kings, The Stand, Dark Tower, IT, but I get bored and lose interest somewhere.Is there any good Horror novels out there you can recommend?
read the sticky
Is there any good Horror novels out there you can recommend?Horror stories always work better in short story form in my experience. That's especially true for Stephen King, so try out his Night Shift or Skeleton Crew.If you like Lovecraft, you can check out his influences, Lord Dunsany, and Arthur Machen, and Lovecraft's friend Clark Ashton Smith. They lean more on the fantasy side of things, but their influence on Lovecraft is very obvious.Thomas Ligotti is loved around here. His stories aren't really that scary so much as they are bizarre and surreal. Teatro Grottesco is his most famous collection although probably because it's the only one in print so far.
This thread isn't about Jesus, Pinecone, DFW or Stirner, so I'm obligated to respond.Try reading House on the Borderland by W.H. HodgsonI hear Thomas ligotti is also quite good, but I have no personal experience of his work.
The Cipher - KojaThe House Next Door - SiddonsNaomi's Room - Aycliffe
Thanks, great recommendations! :
I recently read 'The great god pan' by Arthur Machen because it was quoted as an inspiration for the Stephen King short story 'N' which I liked quite a bit.However I didn't care much for 'The great god pan'. Are there other works by Machen that I could give a try?
yeah OP i've got a recommendation: the stickywhat a novel concept, right?
Are there other works by Machen that I could give a try?The White People is often talked about as his best work. If you don't like that one as well, then maybe he isn't for you.
Read the thread.
Thank you, I may give it a shot as my next book.
Poe. Also maybe check out classic gothic novels.
Ligotti might be for you.
read the sticky
I really like horror ideas. I've never read a good horror novel though. The base idea for House of Leaves in the beginning was really cool with them finding out the house was bigger inside than outside. I love that kind of stuff. Something normal, something so ordinary you wouldn't even think to take for granted... and it being fucked up.Is there somebody who writes short stories like that?Brian Evenson has a short story kind of like that. Only a couple pages long. Some kids see a window on the outside of their house but it doesn't exist on the inside.
Is Stannis Baratheon literally America: the character?hated by everyone for his strong moral convictionsrespected and feared as a soldier by allbrings freedom everywhere he sailsdefeats hordes of subhumans to save the world
stupidly religiousYou forgot that one. Stannis in the books is badass, on the series he's just yet another grim character.
Stannis in the books is badass, on the series he's just yet another grim characterthat's why I'm posting on /lit/ you autistic retard
But Stannis isn't religious at all. He's just playing along with Melisandre cause a lot of his followers are.
brings freedom everywhere he sailsOh, americans
Fuck off imperialist scum
Daily reminder that if you actually believe in 'subhumans' you are a villain in your own story. Fix your shit, anon.
I think you're mistaken this board is for literature. You must be looking for /r/books
Fun triggers my autism
Ruining your child's future for your own personal gain.Add that to the list. It's a pretty American thing to do.
Excuse my ignorance but which book is this character from?
1 child for the fate of the worldWhat a shoah
hated by everyone for his strong moral convictionsAmerica.As if.As for the Stannis character nobody hates, fears, or even respects him. His own brother put him on an actual rock because he is an insufferable tool.
Europeans do hate us for our convictionsIt enrages them that we haven't become "enlightened" limp wrissted cultural cuckolds like they have
That's a rather broad, vague, and slightly immature impression wouldn't you say?
No
I hope the Muslims put some backbone into you people
Thrice said, but doesn't the Quran explicitly forbid sodomy?
That's true. Sodomy is the favorite passtime of Yuropoors
several novels actuallyautism
I don't normally browse /lit/ but after tonight, I definitely will more. Just wondering what everyone's opinions on this book are.
Percieved superiority is just a coping mechanism.Sure, if you buy into it then it can work for you."Better" is just an abstraction though.There is no superiority that isn't contingent on context and situational appropriateness.For instance, you may say a man is "superior" to an ape, but if you strand a man naked alone in the jungle, then he will die, wheras an Ape will not.
you havent read the book
its just a great book for living life to the fullest. read it if you haven't.
The challenges of women, work, and sexual desireIt's baffling to me that people need help with these areas. Not in the making-fun-of-permavirgins sense, I mean, it baffles me that anyone could think there's mystery to it.Seriously, nearly all of this can be solved through human social interactions. Live outside your comfort zone and all that. I mean, fuck, maybe that's what the book talks about, but it just seems so obvious. Far from easy, but obvious.
you havent read the book either
I listened to the audio version, which I gather is basically a cliffnotes version. I mean to read the full text at some point, because the audio version blew my mind. I'm yet to find a book on similar topics, to be honest. Though on a whole other level, I think if I were to find similar themes, I'd have to read Aristotle or something.If OP has anything else similar, I'd be glad to check them out.
Fact: Stirner and Pynchon were never seen together at the same time
Me when it's sunny: wow it really is a great day I reckon everyone is totally going to have a great time today.
Are you implying that they are the same person? Because it would'nt make any sense, Stirner came centuries before Pynchon
Nice try, Tommyor should I say, Maxie
B8
I just finished Brave New World.What now, /lit/?
lolita is the only good book on that list
brave new world is decent and Dorian is JoJo tier
Read anything besides American Psycho. It's ham fisted and only seems deep if you don't read books.
as far as prose goes maybe, but nabokov can't conjure up anything more than platitudes and mumbo-jumbo bullshit“I am thinking of aurochs and angels, the secret of durable pigments, prophetic sonnets, the refuge of art. And this is the only immortality you and I may share, my Lolita.”I shudder at anyone that thinks this is good writing.
undergraduate?
It's not deep, but it's well written and does have some decent themes.You're some tryhard if you pass it up because it's too pleb.
What is "The Great Gatsby"?
If you enjoyed the book and its themes, I'd recommend A Clockwork Orange or Do Androids Dream of Robot Sheep? Neither are as good, in my opinion, but they are still both very decent books. Personally, I'd recommend The Picture of Dorian Grey, Invisible Man, Lolita, or To Kill a Cucking Bird.inb4 I recommend the entire selection list
And what of Of Mice and Men? Any good? I happen to have it on hand f
If you actually want to read something entertaining, read Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. It's amazing.
I think it's alright. If you want a quick, painless read it's not the worst you can do. I much prefer Grapes of Wrath by Steinbeck and I much prefer The Jungle by Upton Sinclair to that, but I think it's a pretty decent book.
*electric sheep
Of Mice and Men is good.
east of eden is steinbeck's best novel. the jungle barely passes as literature, IMO.
Dude Catch-22 is like reading pure protean ubiquity.
Now you go outside and turn on the faucet. Let your hair wash over your imagination like your mother's dog. Allow yourself to absorb the incredulity of the never-ending number.
I am enjoying Catch-22 so far.
I am just exiting entry level and the best work on ops pic is catch 22 followed by invisible manI found one flew over the cuckoos nest to be rather boring however it greatly increased my hatred and contempt of women
fear and loathing or PKD it iscounterculture at its best
Whatever strikes your fancy. You'll get something out of all of them.
east of eden is steinbeck's best novelYou spelled "Cannery Row" wrong.
That's the crappy starter kit
What's the good one?
lolita, siddhartha, and fear and loathing in las vegas are the only good books on that listcatch-22 isn't bad, catcher in the rye isn't bad, gatsby isn't too awful.rest are shite.
cannery row was one of the first books I ever readlike, before harry potter and YA and stuffright after picture books
siddhartha, and fear and loathing in las vegaskekkus maximus, kill yourself my man
i shudder at you thinking you could do better.
great gatzby
okay, I'll admit siddhartha could be challenged therebut if you didn't think fear and loathing was "good" that makes me think you didn't get it or didn't read it
this starter kit is so shitty bc it reinforces the school boy impression of literature, that good writing is all about satire, social issues, political motivation, allegory, etc.Read Lolita and never look back.
So? It is Steinbeck's best book, you pleb.

there's another small-ish one with Notes from Underground and The Death of Ivan Ilyich. I don't have it on me though.
Harry Potter Hobbit and Silmaroogaloo but no LotR
tfw I try to discuss literature with a femaletfw I can only list male writerstfw she can only list female writerstfw we have literally nothing to talk aboutThis happens every time.
tfw I try to discuss literature with a femaleWell there's yer problem.
finds a female who he can even discuss literature with at allcomplains about itOyy lmao
try to discuss literature with a girlshe only reads edgy contemporary lit
discuss literaturelist authorsthat's not a discussion
Swap some books then.If she dog-ears your book fuck her in the ass.
I'd honestly like to talk with her. Alt-lit is cool, and discussing its merits and flaws could make for great conversation.Also, she'd probably have drugs and be cool with drinking and taking them and having sex, so awesome.Had an experience like that, only it was a russian philosophy grad whom I converted to speculative realism and more or less got laid with by drunkenly rambling about Wittgenstein and Deleuze.
Cool tumblr post, you tremendous faggot
You must be a donut, because your jelly is showing.
haaaaaaaaaaaaa
not knowing a single female writerthat's pretty embarrassing

female writers are embarrassing
just mention philippa foot, she created the trolley problem. you can use foot to steer the discussion toward sacrificing fatties in a positive light, somthing highly recommended when the girl you're speaking to is also fat.you can also make up a female writer. chances are they will forget the name and you'll earn some pussy points.
The issue is likely that you are both stupid or poor conversationalists.
Have you not readAustenShelleyEither of the relevant brontes
Or on a poetic levelDickinsonBishopPlath
Plathhack
met a 27 y/o woman in bbkgoes out for supper with our group18 at the timeself confidence issues out the assshe has a masters in history from Parishas a thing for russian litdoest, chekov, ect. talk for a bit dont peruse her at allwill never see her in my lifeAnd that was the last time I talked about more then one author with a single person ever.
talking to a female friendhey anon, you know john green?uh ohuh yeah not my cup of teaTHANK YOU anon! There's this guy I like but his favorite book is The Fault in Our Stars and I don't think I can deal with that
on my high school's reading list for an AP Literature class? The requirement is to pick two to read over the summer. Good list? Favorites? Etc.
Pic only slightly related obviously
homework board is /h/
Right, of course, thank you.
You can read a book every three days. Do it.
I've already read a decent amount of the list and will probably read more than two over the summer, just looking for your thoughts.
So do Zola, Koestler and Dickens.
Tess of D'ubervilles if you haven't already read it. Also moby dick
thoughts on what? it's a bunch of classic literature and literary fiction. how about you stop shitposting and read
whoops, I messed that up lol, I sent you to the hentai board!real homework board is /hm/
Remains of the Day, Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, Pride and Prejudice, Crime and Punishment, Catch-22 and Heart of Darkness are all among my favorite books.Also every one of those Shakespeare plays is great, especially Merchant.
Not what I was expecting, but I see myself staying here for the next 5-10 minutes.thanks anon
is this NEET propaganda? holy shit

 8 ways not to waste time 30min vid
Tai Lopez is a satirist

implying seneca wouldnt find staying at home without social contact insolence
I thought so too, but he has a program where you have to pay like, 67 dollars a month or something to make you "more successful"
indolence?
If people, namely, programmers, start developing software that produces genuine literature even with the artistic merit: what would you think of a code that is constantly writing a story, endlessly; a code that is aware of the story, its characters, and the plot; a bot whose only purpose is to develop/write a story without end. ? 
I like stories. I like making them up, but mostly I like reading and hearing them. At least the good ones. Hard science fiction always appealed to me, in particular Isaac Asimov and Arthur C Clarke. I, myself, is not a writer, nor have I ever aspired to be one. However, today I find myself with a written work, produced by yours truly, and I am not sure what to do with it. I don't think it's bad at all. In fact I would go as far as saying that some might actually enjoy reading it. Some might even enjoy it as much as I enjoyed manufacturing a planet and its inhabitants. But then again, I'm not a writer. I am a technician for maritime instrumentation. If it doesn't have a torx socket or a serial interface, then it is unlikely to be within my area of expertise. Hell, I'm not even sure how to describe what I wrote. Some sort of drama, but in a scifi setting. Now I am almost at the point where I feel ready to share what I wrote, and here is where my shortcomings come to light: The only things I know about how this process works, I learned from reading Galley Slave Asimov. Sure, I could paste it somewhere public, but I would prefer a more traditional approach of seeing it bound on a bookshelf.So, dear /lit/erate people. Provided that it is a decent work worthy of being publish, how does this process work? Do editors sit around awaiting a submission out of the blue, and pass it higher up in the foodchain if it is deemed worthy?Also, how and where would one go about finding voulenteers to gauge the quality? In addition to reviewing it with an honest eye, I would also like a pair of fresh eyes to go over spelling and grammar, as english is not my primary language But the work is in english because of reasons.For the record: This post is in no way indicative of my writing style or quality.PIC somewhat related.
I'm having a nice day, so I'll post this:
1 Very entertaining2 Very informative3 I figured it would be something similar to that, but it's nice to know some of the details about mistakes writers make.4 I'm now watching the rest of his videos5 I hope you, sir, continue to have a nice day!
Okay so I was posed the train problem today and apparently creeped my friend out with my answer, which was to play with the switch until the train came up to the intersection. The reason I came up with this answer is because I found the idea of being an active agent in someone else's demise unsavoury. I figured playing with the switch would be the most moral choice because at least it would create a chance that the train could end up killing only the one guy while not actually forcing me to commit to that decision.I guess my answer to the second part is obvious given my reservations in the first part. So is it Autism?
I guess my answer to the second part is obvious given my reservations in the first part.Not really, would you sort of close your eyes and spin before pushing? Or what?
You're still an active agent if you fuck with the switch. The only winning move is not to play.jk pull the switch when the train is on the moving track and derail it
altruismthrow yourself olveregoism
not actually forcing me to commit to that decisionyou're the biggest kind of faggot pussy. sometimes hard decisions need to be made. if youre not prepared to then fuck off and die like a pussy. your solution should be to throw yourself onto the tracks and hope the train derails. No significant life will be lost in this solution.
getting this mad over hypothetical peopleWhat does being a "pussy" have to do with anything? Apparently psychopaths would make the tough decision of throwing the guy on the bridge who has nothing to do with anything. Does that make 90% of people who answer the question pussies by saying they would not push the guy? Its a moral question and I answered it according to my own moral system. Its time to grow up friend.
"Each step modern society takes toward "liberation" is one more step toward alienation and meaninglessness. The excesses that characterize contemporary life alcoholism, drugs, sex, work itself are nothing but doomed attempts to overcome inner emptiness. Values, institutions, behaviors, are everywhere corrupted, debased, crumbling. Nothing, in this world, is worthy of survival; destruction is its deserved fate. Faced with this condition, the "differentiated man", "the anarchist of the Right", the "active nihilist", has only one choice: to totally reject worldly endeavors including politics: apoliteia and instead to concentrate on inner pursuits. For such a man, the search for his true nature is the only possible imperative."Explain to me why you're not Riding the Tiger yet anon.
Because if that is part of that book it sound pretty dumb, Anon.
sum good pasta OP thank you I love you
I am. Evola is based.
Is 'riding the tiger' some new hip slang kids use these days for having sex with southeast Asian males?
cus i like to beat up white pseudo-buddhist dorks because its fun
slangimplying you literally wouldn't buttfuck this qt
What have you read this year? What were your favourites? Least favourites? Reading plan for the rest of the year?

I finished Nine Stories yesterday and I've read up to 1st Samuel 13:5 in my Bible.If I can read the rest of the Bible and its Apocrypha within the year I'll be more than content. If I can read those and the Nag Hammadi Library that'd be nice, but I'll be content if I don't finish any of them.
Liked: Quixote, Portrait, Yates, Hadrian, Chekhov, Trial, Gallant, Dickens, Lucian, Taylor Disliked: Watt, Carver, Lowell, Stein, Carroll, Sherman, Brautigan, O'Connor, Werther
Franny & Zooey is just as good
Moby Dick was quite good.
I've just gone full autism this year and read only complete works as a sort of new year's resolutionso far I've finished the complete works of:ShakespeareNabokovJoyceHardyfeels good to get depth of knowledge rather than breadth for once
I read Man in the High Castle, and it was not at all what I was expecting, in a good way. also read Grapes of Wrath. two very different kinds of classic. both exceeded my expectations. right now slogging through History of Western Philosophy, which imo is as barely accessible an introduction as Russel could have written. also reading The Book of Disquiet, which makes me happy in ways a book hasn't made me happy in a while.
Problems of Philosophy is a much more accessible, short book. I recommend it.What are some underrated works by them well not Joyce?
le meme toad
if dubs you're thomas pynchon
Pinecone? is that you?
Best thread on /mu/
Good thread OP
shit i thought i was on /mu/ for a second
Now taking bets on what gets the satan septuples.
My college literature professor said 1984 on our required reading list was one of the worst books she'd ever read and replaced it with Matched YA dystopia saying it was much better. I thought you needed to understand literature to teach it.
I don't know what Matched is, but the literary merits of 1984 are certainly debatable. Zamyatin's We is the far superior template, I suggest suggesting it to her.
She does, 1984 is a terrible book. Orwell was a political journalist who wrote novels to put forward ideas, following the career pattern of his mentor, G. K. Chesterton. Chesterton's ideas did not later become advantageous to the CIA. Orwell's did. That is the sole reason you think 1984 belongs in a lit syllabus.
I fucking hate 1984.
1984 was greatdelete the thread
Here's how you check if 1984 should be on a reading list. Look up Berlin on Google Maps. If the Wall is down, into the trash it goes.
That may all be true, but the teacher in question most likely dislikes 1984 for all the wrong reasons. She replaced it with dystopian YA for Christ's sake.
the teacher in question most likely dislikes 1984 for all the wrong reasonsHow can we tell? Why don't you ask her?
Zamyatin's We is the far superior templateNo. And you're thinking BNW, dumbass.
1984 is on the level of dystopian YA.
She replaced it with dystopian YA for Christ's sake.So, she replaced dystopian YA with dytopian YA. Big fucking deal.
tfw most dumbnuts on /lit/ are better qualified to teach literature than your teachertfw women in literature
If she replaced it with something credible I wouldn't have made the thread, but I can confirm Matched is total shit even by YA standards
 don't get observations about books you've read in the way of my predictable adolescent gripe thread!
BNWThat's almost as bad as 1984, if not worse. We is the only dystopian novel worth reading.
Ha, snap!
If she replaced it with something credible I wouldn't have made the threadSure anon, sure...
Have you read 1984? If so, why do you think it's better than Matched?
/lit/'s hate for 1984 is so strong they'd prefer YA shit over itJesus, guys. I know it's overrated but come the fuck on.
1984 is shit OPI can't speak to the other book but your prof teaching some shitty YA book makes them as good as any other prof that teaches 1984
see 

Because the main plot isn't teenage romance, and its purpose isn't to set up for a sequel. Not even mentioning the writing in Matched
all the people saying 1984 is on the same level as nu YA shitWhat do you think "Matched" stands for? You don't even need to look up the synopsis, just think about it.There. There you go.
ITT:1984 IS POPULAR THEREFORE IT'S SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Have you read 1984?
have you read 1984?
Orwell is a better essayist but he's a complete hack when it comes to novels. I suggest you tell her to add The Machine Stops instead, it's lesser known and a future we're scarily heading towards but has more literary value than any YA book.
Replies: 26Posters: 9Uh-huh.
I for one read 1984 before turning 13, twice. So, she replaced the favourite book of my pre-teen years with one aimed at young adults. Seems like you have some growing up to do, OP.
Yes, that's why I'm saying what I'm saying. Has OP?
That's right, we're having a discussion with back and forth instead of hitting and running. What's your problem with that?
I have
Are you OP?
Just looked up the description for "Matched".Cassia has always trusted the Society to make the right choices for her: what to read, what to watch, what to believe. So when Xander's face appears on-screen at her Matching ceremony, Cassia knows with complete certainty that he is her ideal mate... until she sees Ky Markham's face flash for an instant before the screen fades to black.The Society tells her it's a glitch, a rare malfunction, and that she should focus on the happy life she's destined to lead with Xander. But Cassia can't stop thinking about Ky, and as they slowly fall in love, Cassia begins to doubt the Society's infallibility and is faced with an impossible choice: between Xander and Ky, between the only life she's known and a path that no one else has dared to follow.book is the first part in a trilogyayy fucking lmaoGood luck, OP.
The Machine StopsGoogled that, sounds great, will give it a look. Thanks m8.
I am, though I don't know how to prove it
you are aware that people post multiple times when they're replying to each other right? Replies and Posters aren't 1:1
jesus h.collegeyou need to go somewhere else op
OK. 1984 was never on reading lists for its literary merit. Why does it matter that Matched is replacing it? Why do you think one of these dystopian YA books is better than the other?
You've had no back and forthThe majority of this thread is"1984 is shit""YA is better than 1984"And implications that anyone who disagrees had never read the book.This isn't a discussion, it's trash. I dislike 1984 but I'm not samefagging a bunch of stupid shit to look cool and witty on the internet.
Has*
Just what is this samefag's problem with 1984?
You're welcome, it really says something about how lazy we are as a society, if we're relying on a machine to do practically everything for us. A good example of this is people becoming too lazy to even play video games anymore and just watch Let's Plays.
You are a liar. The discussion that's happening is plainly visible.
implying you're not the one who's been samefagging all alongYou're not getting one over me, you sly shitposting dog
You're the only one samefagging.
people becoming too lazy to even play video games anymore and just watch Let's Plays.No one does this.
With Matched my classmates might get the wrong idea of what literature is, plus I have to read . Whereas 1984, like it or not, got a lot of people I know into reading and has historical significance as far as what people like Orwell thought about the direction society was heading. Also I liked it.
Did you think you were being set 1984 as literature?At, what, 18 years of age?Fucking hell.
reading 1984 in collegeWhat the fuck? It's a decent book and all, but you should have already read it in your first year of highschool.
No, I suspect your classmates already get it. You don't if you think 1984 is literature. The people you knew at school were dumb, you're in college now. You will be the one trying to keep up. It only had historical significance because it was promoted beyond its merits for ideological reasons. 'The direction society was heading' is the kind of meaningless cliche you'll have been weaned from by the time you graduate if your college is any good.
Okay, you can stop samefagging now. I know that this is you 
Replying more than once in a conversation isn't samefagging, you mongoloid.
Okay, buddy. Now run along back to /pol/ with your CIA conspiracy theories.
If I wanted to talk to people who overrate it because they've only read that, The Overton Window and The Turner Diaries, I'd go to /pol/. I don't. I'm talking about literary merit here. If that means something to OP, let him hear: 1984 is not a serious novel by any means.
Ok
That's why it's read in highschool and why it's in the /lit/ starter pack, and probably why it was in OPs syllabus. It's supposed to be an introduction to dystopian fiction and literature as a whole. I suppose in that case it's not a "serious novel" whatever the requirements for that is.
OK, so I said:  1984 is not a serious novel by any meansThen you said: That's why it's read in highschoolYes, that's why. You were being sarcastic, but that's exactly the point. At college, you no longer get to coast on what you read when you were a kid. I assume you're either OP or someone of the same age. Time you grew up.
I don't think he was being sarcastic, anon. Read the rest of his post.
I read it. It makes no sense if anon is simply telling me what I already know. Yes, it can't have been present for literary reasons on a college reading list, it's for highschoolers. I know, that's what I was saying.
If you look closely, there's deep symbolism in the covers of the trilogy.
keks
Read it or fuck off OP, you don't know more than your professor, your taste is fucking pleb-tier.
book is so shit it has to have a blurb from fucking MTV.com"#1 New York Times Bestseller"I genuinely feel sorry for OP now.
Yes, we know you feel sorry for yourself OP.
he's not OP I am
The NYT bestseller list should be erased from history
You think that's bad OP, I had to read this fucking garbage for a class.It's like Brave New World but for retards who thought it was too difficult so they added Facebook references and Superbowl commercials.
what do you mean by superbowl commercials?
What? You're not OP, I am.
 I don't like books to remind me of the stuff real people do even though that's the point of satire
Every chapter ends with a commercial about something.
So you've read it then?What's that?No?Then why don't you shut your fucking mouth.Fucking cunt.
No I am. Anyway it's even worse because people taking the same class with different professors are reading actually good books. One of my friends had to read Naked Lunch and that seemed way more interesting than Matched and probably 1984 too.
I guess if done correctly that might be neat. Still sounds gimmicky though.
Jesus Christ, it's so generic it hurts
1984 is literally outdated. I don't blame her.
HeheheNice.That's exactly what they want you to think.Alsowhat is learning from the past
what is learning from the pastIt's a fiction book, not history.
Are you really forcing me to explain it all?Please.
I am OPartacus
1984 is shit, but your professor managed to take that in the opposite direction.ccc
1984 is a shit bookYA, while predictable in ocassion, is spawning into a genre with its very own set of tropes, cliches and particularities that many people refuse to learn at allYour teacher is cool in my book And Matched isn't bad so fuck you
something is widely considered good by the masses 4chan hates itother websites start to hate on it4chan now likes itAll these boards are the same. It's amazing.
Except 4chan/lit doesn't like 1984.It is just competent enough to agree that replacing a mediocre piece with a terrible piece in order to appeal to anyone is just stupidThe thread is over
 i fear my marster
Oh look, the redpillers OP was dog-whistling for since the beginning have shown up.
Both are awful.I wish literature/English classes would cut it with the political indoctrination, and switch to books of actual literary merit.
This is true.
redpillersNice meme spewing, too bad you can't contribute anything to the discussion
matched isn't badhmmm
It's not meme-spewing, the attempt to attract whining boys for a good moan about women has been loud and clear.
Abusing pejoratives won't make your point any less made up.
It's predictable, like most YA, but it isn't so annoyingly written when authors do, like, geez, hum, i'm a teen girl, :, gonna use a lot of dumb words and outdated slang, thing, you see. It's teen speak written relatable-yIt's not good but it isn't bad. All in all you can learn more from Matched than from 1984 with a good teacher
All in all you can learn more from Matched than from 1984 with a good teacher[citation needed]
1984 is read by 14 year oldsMatched is read by 18 year olds
Doubt OP would have assumed he knew better than his professor if his professor had had a dick and if the protagonist of Matched wasn't female.
Matched is read by 14 year olds1984 is read by 18 year olds
1984 isn't history, it's a barely-written thriller, which is why its catchphrases are so readily on the lips of red state pork.
see 
You're still defending an infinitely shittier YA novel that's only going to appeal to the female members of the class
You fucking imbecile, we know what it is. We know why it was written. We know why it was promoted beyond its literary merit. Any book of equivalent sophistication can convey those messages. Matched is fine.
The only endorsements the second two have is that they're sequels to the first one.
Ouch mate, is that ad hominem making you feel more confident?
I didn't use an ad hominem. Everyone knows what 1984 is and what purpose it served during the Cold War. That doesn't make it worth trudging through in 2015.
You fucking imbecileI didn't use an ad hominemYou can't into latin, you can't into literature. What are you doing on this board?Also, I love the implication that YA is worth ''trudging through'' in any year.
endorsing a genre filled with tropes and clichesA story should be interesting with its archetypes, but not predictable. Just about every YA romance novel is a play on the star crossed lovers thing that you see in Romeo and Juliet or Tristan and Iseult. They aren't new tropes, they're old ones that have been simplified for a teenage audience that would rather be entertained than challenged.
English lit is about learning about important English literature and how to analyse it, not about the best political lessons you can learn from books. Matched might be better at politics but it's not English lit.
the theme was dystopia so we also read Harrison Bergeron and the fucking giver
That's just an insult, you dumbfuck.
Those are still more lit than Matched but being taught the same things as everyone else is also a part of education. Smart students can work out what's in 1984 without reading it but lessons are for the whole class. If your teacher was making you read from things not on the curriculum then they were a failure at their job, which is what you might call brainwashing but isn't necessarily done to control you, it's also to help you fit in.
They're absolutely not synonymous on 4chan.I rest my case, decorating your statements with memes, insults and emotes doesn't make them any more valuable.
"Ad hominem" refers not to an insult but to the rhetorical...wait I just remembered I don't give a shit about any of thisstill gonna postbye
In your opinion, what is better: a traditional story with permanent protagonists, or one where many of the main characters are killed such that nobody knows who will triumph in the end?
I get post irony, but post post irony? Please help me out here.
Post post irony is nouvelle ironie
Post post irony is just Sincerity.We decide things may be dumb or wrong in their ideological leanings but we accept that and like them anyway.Like Kungfu Panda.
a literary "movement" exemplified by liking objectively shitty chinese cartoons and my little ponyoh god, the pleb
Wow you missed the fucking point entirely of that post and how it relates to Irony and Ideology. Way to go pleb.yourself and try moar next time.
He didn't start not starting with the greeks ;
you better don't talk shit about my chinese cartoons faggot
What are "dips"?
isn't post post irony just irony post post ironyor repost ironyor irony repost ironyor reinory repostor repost reinory
If this is how you define post post irony then what is post irony
there is such a thing as an International Pynchon Week 
Bump,No one following the pynchon mailing list? Here? Really?
No one's following it because it's in Greece.
I....I know. I've read some of the transcripts from that conference. There's some interesting stuff there even if some of the long term scholars have written absolute bull shit earlier in their careers.Sure. I suspect no one pays attention to it here because no one's really interested in Orbit or Pynchon Notes or any of the real scholarship on T.P.
I subscribed to it for a while when they were reading Mason & Dixon because that book rules but it was way too many fucking e-mails
I meant the mailing list, but I assume the conference isn't always in Greece... not that anons couldn't be modern greeks...no one's really interested in Orbit or Pynchon Notes or any of the real scholarship on T.PDas probably it then.
is fantastic.
Is there any way to watch this online or get access to the dissertations?
I live in greece but I've only  seen the movies 
Same, I've tried the lite version but it's still 2-4 mails a day that just compile those dozens of messages in more or less garbled format, and without the possibility to reply to the list.
seems interesting. does anyone know of any mailing lists for other authors/lit-related stuff?
There's a DFW mailing listThere's a Gene Wolfe mailing list
Philosophy aside, how does /lit/ rate Nietzsche in terms of the literary quality of his writing? Is his writing skill comparable to the other greats in the lit. canon? I've read BoaT, BGE, Geneology of morals and TSZ and thought they were beautifully written, but I'm a /lit/ pleb, so I can't really compare.
The general critical opinion is that he is one of the great prose stylists of German literature.
that seems right to me.
I didn't like it at first but after going back and rereading genealogy of morals and contra Wagner I think his style is among the best in philosophy.
Me too, thought the bombast became sort of cringy to me after I learned that N. was basically a little sickly homunculus dweeb. I wish I could go back to a state of ignorance concerning his biography
Best I've read so far.
I just like the clarity in his work. Never found any other philosopher's prose to be more fluid. It felt less weighed down with buzzword adjectives.
I love Nietzsche, but his use of terms like 'higher,' 'sickly,' 'life-affirming,' etc, are buzzword adjectives. But I guess that'd kinda the point, perspectivism and all.
They were internally consistent with his own vocabulary. I mean in the sense of cross-referencing other philosophers constantly instead of just stating the idea directly.
people say Zizek snorts cocaine. This guys nose is full of it.Without making some ad hominem shits, I would like to ask you a question. Can we find answers to moral questions through science? Do you agree with what Sam said or do you think that he is wrong? If you think that he is, please tell me why.
No Is-ought
What does cocaine have to do with anything? It's almost as though you're making an ad hominem attack on Sam before you've even asked the question.
We've inadvertently circuited morals to emotion and science to apathy, disinterestedness. Morals can be taken as scientific just as you can stand back and watch worldly crisis and suffering as theater. I don't know what he said though I'm just answering the "moral through science"
Sam Harris is wrong because his "utilitarianism" is NOT a moral philosophy at all, it's just a way to formalize moral issues. It doesn't make any prescriptions.The idea that clarifying moral issues help make decisions isn't new hello analytic philosophy.But what he forgets is you still need to ask the question "okay, WHICH utility function am I trying to maximize". And then you realize that you encounter the exact same philosophical issues you had just before formalizing everything with utilitarianism.Examples of elementary questions that you can't answer by fact analysis:Should "being dead" be categorized as a null utility value or as a negative one? What about "not existing at all", null or negative?Should you satisfy the "utility monster"? Pic related.
sufferinghuman well-beingflourishingDoesn't sound very scientific to me.
What does his bit about muslims and bikini covers on magazines have to do with his argument?maybe the truth is somewhere in the middleYeah thank you South Park.
Just a funny thing I noticed. He is sniffing throughout the video. I mentioned it because I hate that ad hominem which is oftenly used when talking about Zizek. I seriously don't really care about people using drugs. I am really sorry if this affected your judgement or your emotional wellbeing.
atheistnot a nihilist or absurdistClearly in denial
I agree. Nice pic. Please send me the sauce of them.He had to say something against religion. That is what he does.
Please send me the sauce of them.existentialcomics.com
Oh... Sauce is literally written on the picture itself. Reading is ruining my eyesight.
is this that video where he shows happy people and unhappy people on a continuum labeled "science" or whateverSam Harris is the unintentionally funniest person alive
Not as cringeworthy as his debate with Singer
Reading is ruining my eyesight.but that's momscience
That pic is retarded. It's basically just a more subtle way to present the bullshit criticism of "utilitarianism logically allows for the majority to enslave a minority if it increases net happiness". It's a bullshit strawman because no serious utilitarian believes the issue is as simple as "net happiness".
/lit/ is absolutely livid when they see the likes of Harris and de Botton using their philosophy degrees to get rich and famous.The envy is palpable.
How is that a strawman? Utilitarianism is about maximizing some utility function. Describe your utility function please.
can shit on all religionspick islamKek. That's like picking the weak guy for a fight. Not impressive nigga.Maybe, but almost everyone does that. I'm sure many anons here want to be the next zizek, chomsky or harris lol.
Harrisphilosophy degreesayy le mao
any religious belief is the tough guy in a fight
The utility function that picture implies is not the utility function any rational utilitarian who believes in human rights would approve of. It's a pathetically simple utility function that doesn't address anything but "net happiness". I can't describe my utility function because devising such a function would be an extremely complicated process, but it's obvious from the get-go that such a function would not allow any person to wantonly harm other people just because he gains more happiness than they suffer. The utility function would address issues such as human rights.
no, I mean, Islam is really easy to shit because of the whole fundametalist thing that is affecting the the middle east and west. Why doesn't he pick budhism? He probably can't even talk about it.
Well, if you're a moral realist then it obviously follows that the scientific method not only can be used to find answers to moral questions, but is the best approach.That being said, realists are completely fucking retarded.
Harris did study philosophy you moron.
Surely utility functions have nothing to do with whether people approve of them or not?
The utility function that picture implies is not the utility function any rational utilitarian who believes in human rights would approve of.Really? Because I find it entirely reasonable to find some /b/tard who would take massive enjoyment from ruining someone piping, while for that person it would only be some annoyance, as he would have to call a plumber and get some money. So why the fuck not? Remember, Harris whole point is you can't rely on deontology, so no saying "it's Singer's property".it's obvious from the get-go Oh is that so? How do you know when you are nowhere near devising that utility function? And he's not harming the guy, he's ruining his plumbing. Remember, you can't use property as a principle here.Seems like you're actually basing your ethic on something completely different that isn't utilitarianism at all.
No the odd fact being that when utility goes up the value of an individual is reduced to a single atom. Continental philosophy.
Because Buddhism is the Sacred Cow of the kinds of upper-middle-class self-fellater who watches TEDtalks. They're about as interested in honest critique of Buddhism as they are in admitting they voted against Prop 8.
such a function would not allow any person to wantonly harm other people just because he gains more happiness than they sufferTHIS JUST INJUSTICE IS IMMORAL, YOU CAN'T PUT PEOPLE IN PRISONThanks utilitarianists!
Adding that I have no real beef with Buddhism, I think it's got some interesting stuff, but the amount of mental gymnastics the average white soccermom goes through to claim association with it is staggering.
Not to mention Harris is a buddhistaboo himself.
Ty
He does it to piss off braindead liberal part of american society.Cultural relativism is such a failed idea, but idiots still cling to it. Values of islam are inferior even when talking about Euorpe 200 years ago  French revolution . Also, he is not ripping on buddhism because he is biased just as any other braindead moron. Harris deserves no respect, but islam deserves even less.
Because I find it entirely reasonable to find some /b/tard who would take massive enjoyment from ruining someone piping, while for that person it would only be some annoyance, as he would have to call a plumber and get some money.If you want to get into the specifics of the example in real life then yes, you could devise scenarios where what's depicted could be justified from an utilitarian's perspective such as if the person who's plumbing is torn down is filthy rich and the situation truly does not cause him almost any harm. But the problem is that the comic is not just saying that, it's putting forth the general idea that this is how utilitarians think, that's it's just about Received Happiness - Received Harm  0And he's not harming the guy, he's ruining his plumbing. Remember, you can't use property as a principle here.He is harming the guy. First of all he's directly inconveniencing him, causing him stress. He's also depriving him of resources, something which can have a multitude of harmful effects on his physiology.
Oh wow, if THAT is your definition of harm then holy shit the amount of stuff we can't do is through the roof. Basically what you're saying is your utility function doesn't allow ANY reduction of someone's utility in favor of someone elseemployer doesn't hire you?stress - harmrestaurant refuses to serve you food because you didn't pay?denying resources - harmcreditor wants to recover his money?no can doguy gets in front of you at the emergency room because his condition is more critical?fucking stress man
I give a shit about TEDtalks, I mean Harris in general. He always shit on Islam. Alright, good, but he says religion itself is shit, so why he doesn't shit on budhism or fucking jainism?I bet he would say htat budhism isn't a religion. He's just like those faggots from The Unbelievers.Pretty much.
Basically what you're saying is your utility function doesn't allow ANY reduction of someone's utility in favor of someone elseWhere the hell did you get that from? Having a broader definition of "harm" doesn't mean it's always wrong to do an action that results in harm towards someone else.
doesn't mean it's always wrong to do an action that results in harm towardsI thought you mentioned "that such a function would not allow any person to wantonly harm other people just because he gains more happiness than they suffer"
So how the fuck do you decide when it's OK and when it's not you fucking retard? Do you just pull it out of your ass on a case-by-case basis? Should everyone in the world come to you if they need to decide if some harm is OK or not?
Life expectancy has increased over time, so our idea of what it means to be healthy has changed.What a poor argument. Plato lived to be 80 years old. Life expectancy has increased mostly because we're better at preventing infant death and treating disease, and we have better national security. If you were a vigorous, athletic 30 year old in Greece it wasn't outlandish, it just meant that nothing had killed you yet.
Yes? If you see a contradiction there you're misreading.when it's OK and when it's not you fucking retard?This is exactly why I said it's extremely complicated to develop a utility function you doofus.Do you just pull it out of your ass on a case-by-case basis? Should everyone in the world come to you if they need to decide if some harm is OK or not?You're literally chastising me for not having a system to determine the morality of any action, something no single human could possibly come up with. You're being ridiculous. Obviously determining such things would be immensely complicated and very dependent on the case in question.
I still don't get why you think your utility function has to do anything with that of others. Whatever utility function you "develop", the utility function of the monster doesn't change, the utility function of the houseowner doesn't change...what does the function you develop have to do with the scenario?
Now I've lost the plot on what you're talking about. In the utilitarianism I'm talking about there is only one general utility function, not individual utility functions for all people.
Are you literally complaining about having to determine the morality of actions in a debate about moral philosophy?You're literally chastising me for not having a system to determine the morality of any actionIt would be nice if it could determine the morality of SOME actions at least, because as of now you've said nothing that could help determine the morality of any action at all. Like, how the fuck is "it's probably more complicated" a moral system, are you for real?
It would be nice if it could determine the morality of SOME actions at leastI didn't bother because they feel like simple common sense but an example where doing harm is the morally justified action under utilitarianism: A person has a brain that makes him very prone to violent acts and he cannot be cured with current technology. Harming him by taking his freedom away is a justified action because it's almost certain he will continue to inflict violence if he is free.A more straight-forward example: A homeless person finds the wallet of a billionaire with 6000$ in it. He takes some of the money and rents himself an apartment and some new clothes and begins on a path to becoming a better person. The harm he did to the billionaire is near to zero while his whole existence just got exponentially better.
Congratulations you would have turned Socrates insane:S. So, young Fegites, I heard you claim that the morality of actions can be evaluated by a global utility function?F. Yes, I do.S. But surely it would mean then that I could destroy a man's house if I got more enjoyment from that than he got distress.F. No he wouldn't, because my utility function prescribes for such a case.S. Oh, and how does it?F. I can't tell you, because the utility function is too complex for me to describe. But I do know that it wouldn't allow it because of the harm caused.S. Oh, so it prevents any sort of harm being caused?F. No, sometimes it allows it.S. Then how do you know that it wouldn't allow it in this case?F. Oh my God am I supposed to answer question now?
It's called intuition you retard.I can also say the global utility function wouldn't deem child rape to be OK even though I wouldn't be able to describe specifics of the function.
you're caricaturing utilitarians when you pretend we evaluate situations by weighing the harm of one versus the benefit to the otherin this case, we can see that the harm to the billionaire is low while the benefit to the hobo is great, therefore it's goodOh woaw you've really destroyed my prejudices here.I thought utilitarians had wacky ideas, now I learned they don't even know what they believe in.
A: The utility function is too complex to describe, but I can tell you that no harm may ever fall on the best flute player.
It's called intuition you retard.oh boy1. Our intuitions about virtually every single aspect of the world are completely wrong, what makes you think our intuitions about morality are right?2. Different people have different intuitions, how do you decide which one to pick?3. How does this account for significantly changing popular morality over time, while our intuitions remain fundamentally the same?
Ah.
No. I have no idea what Sam said, I didn't watch the video. I think he's wrong because I dislike him on a personal level.
I pick mine. What the peasantry are made to think by their masters is of no concern to me.
Damn, it was really worth going through that whole global utility function ordeal.
Shame on this guy and his pathos-laden rhetoric, his deceptive analogies, his subtly derisive language towards opposing viewpointsAnyway, he basically solves the is-ought problem with another is-ought problem. If he wants to define "human flourishing" by biological/psychological metrics, that's fine, but people who believe in metaphysics are always going to disagree. And there will always be metaphysicists as long as the existential problem exists.It seems possible that if we can settle on empirical metrics for "human flourishing," then we can also develop empirical methods to maximize that flourishing. But the human-in-civilization system entails such a convoluted knot of problems that humans might be extinct before we could ever solve it, considering we don't even know what makes a person gay right now. Harris deceives the audience by comparing it to a practically black and white situation like "but what about le hijabs!!" His main argument is conditionally correct despite his poor reasoning, and he is a very unethical public speaker
Of course my own biases affect the global utility function I imagine, I never denied that.1. Our intuitions about virtually every single aspect of the world are completely wrong, what makes you think our intuitions about morality are right?I'm sure some of them are wrong to varying degrees. But most of my intuitions are logically derived from my ontological worldview and as such I can at least be quite certain that if my ontological worldview is correct then my intuitions in regards to morality are at least close to correct as they are logically deduced from the premise that my worldview is accurate.
my intuitions are logically derived
Not the same anon.
I mean what's behind the intuitions I have like "raping children is bad". That's what I intuitively think without needing a logical chain that starts from premises, but I could also derive it from what I believe if I wanted to.
This isn't /sci/, is it? Fuck off with this pop sci shit.
Any chance that chain might involve simply weighing harm vs. utility, as you claim to not be doing?
No, it's a thread about making fun of wide-eyed STEMfags.the speeches and go straight to debate.people paid a fortune to TED to hear 'public intellectuals' say "Oh my God why is it in philosophy you're always believing what some dead guy wrote in a book"
No because there are certain principles that get in the way like the principle that no human being is inherently more deserving of a better life than another human being and that prosperity should be divvied up as equally as possible
prosperity should be divvied up as equally as possibleHow is that a principle when you attempted to derive it from utility maximization a few posts above?
I don't recall doing that.
From a review of his book on this subject:As economists, political scientists, game theorists, psychologists and philosophets have long noted, there are intractable problems with any general standard of happiness. Harris does not have an answer to these utility-maximization quandaries, however much he may protest to the contrary. He just cites some easy cases of bad behavior - Nazis, mutilators of female genitalia, child abusers, suicide bombers - waves his hands, and assures us that only fools or those ignorant of his neuroimaging experiments could deny that morality is measurable and that goodness can be objectively determined with the help of analogies to health and chess.
What about the hobo example in Isn't that what you're doing there? Advocating the spread of wealth based on the diminishing marginal utility of money, in order to maximize global utility?
That's not me deriving that concept from utility maximization, that's me applying my principle to the utility function I imagined.
IT'S NOT /SCI/ GET OUT WITH THIS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
1 It's a review of literature2 It concerns a philosophical problem, and philosophy is /lit/
What? You didn't use that principle at all in what you wrote, you derived the desirability of the wealthy man giving away from comparing the harm to the utility gained.
It's not /r9k/, get out with this.
If the Gods actually answered human sacrifice with better crops and less storms, would it be moral to do them?
Yes, according to ancient Abrahamic ideals.
The principle is completely embedded in what I said. If I had some other principle I could have argued that stealing from the billionaire is wrong because people deserve what they bring on themselves. Without the principle of equality my derivations regarding money aren't built on any solid bedrock.
Depends on how much better crops and what amount of storms averted.
How much is a human life worth?
this, this a thousand times. He is literally a fucking hack, pretending like, or rather writing for, plebs that don't know there hasn't been secular moral philosophy for at least 200 years, that is much more well developed that his shit tier arguments. Whoa, you showed that "science" proves you shouldn't throw acid in women's faces! astounding! I once saw a questioner after one of his talks give this very same criticism in the form of a question after the talk, saying something like "how do your ideas improve upon any of the 200 years of secular moralizing, what new moral insights do you 'scientific method' entail and how is not just latching on to the low hanging fruit of 'don't stone women for no reason' masking as insight". He had no good answer of courseAs I was writing this I found the video:guy asks politely but he knows that Harris has no real answer to his question
Wait, so the utilitarian part of your argument was completely inoperative then?
As much as any other human life of similar sentience and age.No, it was an application of the principle.
flourishmentwell-beingflourishmentwell-beingNo, he is not a fool. He is a fraud. I think he knows about is-ought and shit. Him outright denying reason means that he's either a fool or a provocateur/only in it for cash. He has knowledge so I choose the latter.
TL;DW version?Is it just a sciency-spiced/formalized utilitarianism?
How was it an application of anything? You used the principle that wealth should be equally parted to show that wealth should be equally parted.Seems like deontology to me.How does utilitarianism help in any of that?
sciency-spicedKinda, at least he claims to.formalizedAh, you wished.
Yes, exceptformalized
yes, except literally nothing new, of value is added by Harris.
You are a moron. Just stop.
No it doesn't, Harris isn't a philosopher any more than Oprah Winfrey is. In fact, she's probably more of one. He's a popular science professional atheist. Fuck him. Why is he here? It's not fucking literature. If it is, look out for my fucking Gary Spivey thread.
Yes, because if it reliably worked, nobody would ever have questioned the implicit assumption that it was a good idea.
"Sentient beings should prosper as equally as possible" is not a complex moral system, it's a premise. Utilitarianism is a system used to weigh different variables and determine the way in which this premise can be achieved.
I couldnt finish watching this idiot. And that clapping and chuckles when he says something "smart".
Literally what? So you've just given up on the general utility function?
No, I just can't presume to know on what premises that would operate so I have to use my own premises for the time being.
I can't believe this guy did his undergrad in philosophy. His argument is practically the same as this one: If economics is already a complicated enough subject that it's not currently possible to make objective normative statements about some problems, imagine trying to solve the problem of "optimal human flourishing," which involves not only economics, but psychology, biology, ecology, and politics, and probably more I can't think of.
I know. Simple minded utilitarians are the central planning marxists of morality
"Sentient beings should prosper as equally as possible"But then the net happiness would be lower. Don't you into basic economics?
How do i read this strange picture?
thread. Don't come at me with that reasons for actions bullshit. They grant nothing worth the name of morality. Don't fall for Harris' sophistry and illusion, cast it to the flames.
But then the net happiness would be lower.Net happiness isn't that important. Median happiness would be more important but that's not an accurate metric either.Don't you into basic economics?"Prosperity" is more broad of a concept than economics.
cast it to the flamestopkek
I'd like to see this fraud hooked by the lip to the back of a truck, and dragged along the road at 80mph until his cadaver was giblets.
tfw when there are people that are respected and make a bunch of money for writing books with arguments fleshing out the thoughts of an intelligent, but philosophically untrained 14 year old
 Median happiness would be more important but that's not an accurate metric either.Well that's easy to improve, just execute people with low utility.
Exactly, not very useful either.
You people like to trot out "is-ought" all the time, but you never consider that if moral realism is the case, moral facts ARE. There is no gap.Most academic philosophers are realists, you know...
At any price point for a good on the market there is Buyer Surplus, which is the amount that buyers save who otherwise would have bought at a higher price; and there is Seller Surplus, which is the amount that sellers gain who otherwise would have sold at a lower price.The equilibrium price of a good is the price at which supply equals demand. At this price point, the sum of buyer and seller surplus or "welfare" is maximized. However, if measures are put in place to artificially enforce a different price In this case a "price ceiling", a limit on the maximum price of the good, then the total welfare is lowered. This decrease in welfare is called deadweight loss and is a key form of economic inefficiency.The vagueness of "prosperity" is one of the problems we are facing here, but it must be assumed that prosperity relies in part on the consumption and so, necessarily, the production of goods. Food and energy don't magically appear in our homes. Economics is always complicated, but the basic principles always work as rough approximations.As for "median happiness," I don't understand how you could make an objective moral choice between maximizing net happiness or ensuring a particular level of happiness at the expense of efficiency.
As a STEMfag, I'd like to interject that his argument that goes "we can agree on the best state for humanity, we can agree on a worst state, therefore there's a continuum of ordered states in between" is absolutely, completely, provably wrong bullshit.This does ABSOLUTELY not follow from that.I'm triggered right now.
top part was meant for  sorry
If someone is going to create cybermen emotionless creatures for doctor who it is going to be Sam Harris. This would be the ultimate way of getting rid of suffering.
you're begging the question bub
I don't understand how you could make an objective moral choice between maximizing net happiness or ensuring a particular level of happiness at the expense of efficiency.That on what premises you start from. Does every human deserve a certain degree of prosperity? Does everyone deserve similar amounts of prosperity?
How so?
That on what premises you start from.Budy, those "premises" you keep mentioning? They are your actual moral system, not utilitarianism.
can we find answers to moral questions through science?No, simply put. Science can only work on phenomena that is fundemental to the Universe. Morality isn't even fundemental to humans, its something that only the majority choose to take part in. Human interpretation and will doesn't speak scientific language.
Utilitarianism by itself doesn't state whether human X is more deserving of utility than human Y. It doesn't state anything about human rights. It can't just exist by itself it needs some premises.
Morality isn't even fundemental to humans, its something that only the majority choose to take part in.This is like saying language isn't fundamental to humans because some people have a brain that can't process language.Just because some people have a malfunction in their brains that makes them sociopaths doesn't mean morality isn't integral to the human animal.
The whole premise of utilitarianism is to maximize some sort of utility function.The utilitarians never referred to repartition of wealth as a "principle", it was a conclusion. According to them, since money has a strictly diminishing marginal utility, if you take money from a rich man and give it to a poor man, then you have increased total utility.There is no "principle of redistribution" at work there.Having some moral principles and looking for a way to promote them isn't utilitarianism at all, it's just... having moral principles.The only thing that matters there is where you're pulling those principles from.
According to them, since money has a strictly diminishing marginal utility, if you take money from a rich man and give it to a poor man, then you have increased total utility.I see, but how do ideas like "the rich man deserves his money" fit into all this?
This is like saying language isn't fundamental to humans because some people have a brain that can't process language.Yeah it is. Then it isn't fundemental to humans.Just because some people have a malfunction in their brains that makes them sociopaths doesn't mean morality isn't integral to the human animal.Yeah it is. Because in that case not all humans care for morality. For science to work, results MUST be consistant, repeatable, testable. Human behaviour and will is only to a certain extent, before science fails to describe it. The Human mind is an emergent phenomena. Some aspects of it are predictable, but most of it isn't, and the mere fact that its so sensitive to observation and meta-observation completely kills any sciencetific method of describing it. The mind is constantly changing goals, changing its will, changing its views. Science isn't built for that. Not only that, but science doesn't make decisions for you. You can't come up with a moral reason why we shouldn't nuke Russia with science, or why we shouldn't build robots to replace us and kill ourselves as a species off.
Other utilitarians believe that redistribution leads to a general impoverishment of society, therefore reducing total utility.That debate is actually a technical question that can be examined by science, in this case economics, as long as you agree with utilitarians of course.
guy has his hypothalamus removed so he can't form any new memories -- memories aren't fundamental to human beingsguy is blind -- seeing isn't fundamental to human beingsguy is deaf -- hearing isn't fundamental to human beingsThis is the logic you're employing here, shitheel.The mind is constantly changing goals, changing its will, changing its views.The instincts within our genes are driven by millions of years of natural selection, they aren't constantly changing.
No it isn't. Those are mechanical changes. Someone can come to not care about morality purely through decision. If you think only sociopaths can disregard others you've been reading too much "psychology today". Huamns can act callously one minute and generously the next. Not in all cases, but in most. The brain is something can change itself. The Universe doesn't seem to be. Th elaws of phsyics are set and don't change. Ever. I could be a rationalist one week and a christian the next. Science isn't ever going to be able to describe that. The instincts within our genesStop. Human behaviour, worldviews and actions haven't been consistantly proven to be caused by genes alone. they aren't constantly changingWell then how the fuck do you explain how Western society was hardcore Christian 300 years ago and now they're hardcore democratic materialist? Genes don't change that quickly. You also completely failed to address my statement about how science cannot give you a solid answer on how to spend your time and energy.
Maybe he's popular exactly because of his shortcuts in logic which he uses to make a case for these easy to digest constructs that a lot of people then sympathize with aka high demand good in the pop sci market that is tradeoff between intellect and accessibility. Why should I dismantle this. It's populism. He's all up in my face and he looks smugger than pepe. I don't want anything to do with him already. I don't want this in my LIFE, the idea that I have to pay extra attention to some smug fag on quasi TV or because he's a meme or ANYTHING. I want this nigger to get out my face. And I don't want to hear about it. Fucking done with this.
Someone can come to not care about morality purely through decision.Those are mechanical changes in the brain just like seeing. The brain is something can change itself. The Universe doesn't seem to be. Th elaws of phsyics are set and don't change. Ever. Neuroplasticity is a thing, yes. That doesn't mean it's magic. It's still governed by the laws of physics.I could be a rationalist one week and a christian the next. If something radical happened to your brain, sure.Science isn't ever going to be able to describe that.Why not?Stop. Human behaviour, worldviews and actions haven't been consistantly proven to be caused by genes alone.Of course they aren't caused by "genes alone", genes only exist as a function of their interaction with the environment. Gene-environment interaction is what results in those things.Well then how the fuck do you explain how Western society was hardcore Christian 300 years ago and now they're hardcore democratic materialist? Genes don't change that quickly. We have genes that allow for great variation to occur in behavior as gene expression changes. To give a simple example we have genes that code for language yet we don't have a single language, we have thousands.You also completely failed to address my statement about how science cannot give you a solid answer on how to spend your time and energy.Because I never disagreed with that.
Harris is a moron.
Mechanical changes brought about by oneself. Which makes the scientific method useless. If the Universe could sense humans where observing it and change the laws of physics to disguise its nature, or change its laws of physics on a whim, science would be useless on that too. Neuroplasticity is a thing, yes. That doesn't mean it's magic. It's still governed by the laws of physics.Never said it was magic or not governed by the laws of physics. Obviously everyhting in the Universe is governed by the laws of physics. What I'm saying is Neuroplasticity renders science ineffective. If something radical happened to your brain, sure.Sure. But the fact I can do that, again, defeats the object of science: to describe nature in a consistant way. You can describe the mechanism, but not the result. Why not?See above.Of course they aren't caused by "genes alone", genes only exist as a function of their interaction with the environment. Gene-environment interaction is what results in those things.So it isn't just genes then. We have genes that allow for great variation to occur in behavior as gene expression changes. To give a simple example we have genes that code for language yet we don't have a single language, we have thousands.To give a simple example we have genes that code for languageNo we don't. We have genes that code for things that allow us to have language, not that code for language specifically. I also doubt we have "religion genes", merely seperate genes for conformity or higher reaosning that allow us to stipulate religion. Because I never disagreed with that.Well then how the hell is Sam Harris going to find answers to moral questions through science?

Mechanical changes brought about by oneself. Which makes the scientific method useless. I don't see how that makes the scientific method useless. It's just a very complex system that changes itself. It's not like it can change itself into absolutely anything. It's a question of limited data and understanding.Sure. But the fact I can do that, again, defeats the object of science: to describe nature in a consistant way. You can describe the mechanism, but not the result.What? If you can consistently show how a person can go from a rationalist to a christian in a week how is that not describing nature in a consistent way?No we don't. We have genes that code for things that allow us to have language, not that code for language specifically. I also doubt we have "religion genes", merely seperate genes for conformity or higher reaosning that allow us to stipulate religion.Nice semantic quibbling but what you just said yourself perfectly answers the question you yourself posed earlier about why human societies can change so quickly without the instincts without humans changing.Well then how the hell is Sam Harris going to find answers to moral questions through science?I never said I agree with Harris.
Comments?
I scoured the web, aimlessly, aiming for something to occupy my time. My mother had recently.During this internet excursion, I twiddled my finger and thumb aimlessly between my second finger on my second hand and my thumb, just too occupy my time. Eventually after refreshing the page using the Ffunction key on my old laptop which I recently bought second hand, I found a webpage that took my interest. My name is Quentin boulevard, and this is my story.
 My name is Quentin boulevard10/10, if only for this.
Fuck off Quentin
Excellent work. The picture of based Hitchens makes it.
report submitted
bm7
Is everything justified by aesthetics and aesthetics alone, as per Nietzsche?
What's the deal with Finnegans Wake?
I love when people pull passages from Finnegan and do those fantastic close readings of a few lines, to show how much depth it has
y u l i l n u f a g t f o m f g u w u t m a t e r f u k k k e r m d i d n a z i d a t c u m f i t e m e b r o g a y l i t t e r n e t a l l f a i l a m e m e c h o s e a w e a p o r n o f m e s s d t
