 sagging breast roastie hairy stacked teethRank these by order of dealbreaker.
roastieroastieroastieroastie
1 Roastie2 Roastie3 Roastie4 Roastie
manlet 6'0"anti-feministneckbeardhigh-pitched voice
hairystacked teethsagroastie
hivemind
I've been with 3 women and each of them had one of these.Hairy is the easiest to deal with. Fuck, I actually found it attractive.But the roasty and saggy tits really aren't that bad if you're not a virgin. The roasty was actually the tightest.
Boobs sag naturally, you fucking manchildren. Porn and lingerie ads fool you, every woman without implants will have saggy boobs.
Roasties getting toasty
Butthurt owner of hairy roastie detected
Young women don't have saggy boobs unless they have humungous cowtits
 tfw owner of sagging DD cups
none of those things alone would be a deal breaker for memaybe if she had all of them
Sag titsStacked teethHairyRoastieIt's kinda hard to rank like this though as every negative might vary largely in proportion
roastie
 tfw you do
teethFuck this. Nothing worst than a girl with fucked teeth. Take care of your fucking mouth.Roast beef is a close second.
eh, i still wouldn't care that much. i just get hung up on claiming absolutes. if i genuinely liked someone, it wouldn't really matter
 men being capable of love/overlooking flawsDon't lie to me anon, fuck.
bitch if only you knew.......
i can't speak for other people but personality matters more to me than anything elsealso, i'm pretty flawed myself so i really don't have much room to judge
1. roastie, since this means she has slept around a lot2. teeth, crooked teeth is not such a big deal but stacked is strange3. sagging tits, this is unfortunate4. hairy, it's just weird on a girl, some have a bit of arm hair but that's as far as i can stand
Bad attitudeFatThe rest I could cope with.
Take care of your fucking mouth.tfw fucked up teeth but don't have the money for orthodontic work kill me
There's a difference between natural sag because of gravity which I'm perfectly fine with and then there are deflated super saggy tits those are absolutely disgusting now go be a hairy roastie owner somewhere else
be my gf bb I don't mind ;
be my gfmy teeth aren't perfect either
stacked teethroastiehairysagging breastbut the sagging really depends on her age. like if it's an 80 year old or a 20 year old there's obviously gonna be a different level of sag

hairystacked teethroastiesagging breastsIf you think otherwise you're either a virgin or a faggot
i'm hairy geneticshave a roastie genetics, i'm a virgin and have sagging breastsbonusi've deformed feetgame over for me. and some same girls live on easy mode, yeah right..........
tfw covered in hairass crack is coarse as fuckkill me
location?
roastievirgin
believing what other KVs tell you about female genitals
a/s/l?
1 stacked teeth2 sagging breast3 hairy4 roastienormie here
Why do you frequent a delusional board hellbent on destroying your own image of yourself?I guess this question would apply to men and women.
Protip: every man past 20 loves hairy women.
hairysagging breastwhatever stacked teeth areroastieHairy is the only thing that seems extremely bad
Seems reasonable.So height is the most important?Damn, I'm lucky to be 6'2"
do you think this is new to me ? my body image has been destroyed back in kindergarten.to be honest, this is the only place i feel like i can be myself.
Why did you ignore me? :
saggy tits are the only downer for mehairy is alright if the hairs are light colored
I literally love all four of those things, in this order from most awesome to awesome:- hairy- sagging- teeth- roastie
Nothing is a deal breaker. Especially if the girl is genuinely smart I would worship her.
I'm into feet, show them pls and I'll be honest to you.
no one ever gets to see them. i have a condition called brachymetatarsia, on both feet if you want to see what they look like i imagine someone with a foot fetish would be disgusted.
sorry, didn'n mean to. not sure, which of the posters you are, but i'm 28, female
Holy motherfucking Christ fix that shit, it's disgusting. I thought you just had ugly feet, this is legit deformed. How do you even have sex? Do you keep your socks on?
I am the guy you're responding to. I agree but it can be fixed by surgery as far as I understand. And this is not a dealbreaker for me anyway. A fetish is accessory when you meet a great person.
1 Roastie2 Hairy3 Sagging breast4 Stacked teeth
Would you wear sneakers or boots or similar all the time while having sex, and never ever take off your socks even in a bath when/if I'm looking? If so, I'd date you. I mean, I'm not a foot fetishist so I don't care if I never see them, it's just so repulsive that I don't ever want to deal with it.
i'm a virgin, so yeah, i haven't been in that situation. i'd probably hide them.
you should just cut the deformed toe off
Wait are you the same chick that's 28?HOW?
1 hairy2 stacked teeth3/4 roastie / sagging breast
same one, yeah. i'm very introverted. i've been bullied a lot, as you can imagine and as you can tell by some of the peoples reactions on here, it's just not easy for me to even go on a date as i'm scared that if the guy wants to see me again, sex would sooner or later happen.
How hairy?
thanks for the genius idea...
 sagging breasthairy roastie stacked teethChina was smart and began their Eugenics program as soon as the world would be going all modern
Not buying it, can't imagine anyone being bullied for their feet, I don't think anyone's even seen my feet since birth.Well maybe if you live in Africa or somewhere where you're half naked all the time.
i presume you've never had swimming lessons in school? also, as a girl it's a different story. back in school i wore sandals i havent had control over this as my mum thought that my feet were cute...yeah, tell everyone else that
FLAT CHEST IS THE BEST
did anyone physically approach you and tell you you have Mongolian feet or not. You are the real scholar. why make a bet on very girl with breeasts whether she is legit or faking with bras when you can just settle for the better of the 3
Wakey, wakey, rise and shine. Early bird gets the sanction, /britfeel/.
tfw no hannah gf
What's it like living on an Island?
Tbh you don't really notice.
Everyone lives on some kind of island.
Not sure if tired or just feeling down. Feels rough mates
All i can see is water, in every direction.
If you think about it, we're just all livin on an island in space
I'm feelin' both. Did an all nighter. Gotta go to a G4S work programme thing at 2...kill me.
Aren't you ever afraid that you will drift away from mainland Europe and end up in the garbage patch in the middle of the Pacific ocean?
More likely is climate change will sink us
#WelcomeBackTo1DZayn
didn't update the monthsAccording to a sleep analyser app I had less than 2 hours of sleep last night and I fucking feel it, still, last 2 exams for tomorrow so I need to pucker up
May not crossed outfor shame
we fight each other for coconuts and scraps of crabs on the beaches every day. Some are talking about making a raft out of old branches
why on earth did he leave 1 Direction cash cow to work with that faggot Naughty Boyhe played at my uni once and he was absolutely shitZayn should have gone solo after 1D ran its coursehe's also the best looking member
Really cba today lads
Who /WaitingForBedTImeAlready/ here?
me. i'm so tired, but i have to do stuff. ugh!
Actually knowing these thingsYou know you're supposed to be 18 to post here?
Aren't you ever afraid that you'll drift away from France and Germany?kek
 tfw woke up at 8 instead of 2 for a change
Another Monday, another day of doing absolutely nothing.Maybe I can summon the requisite effort to do the washing up today...
I have a CBT session today and I'm fucking bricking it...Been worrying about this for months and it's finally happening. I'm really tempted to pop a few benzos just so I'm not a jibbering wreck throughout.Can any robots tell me what I'm in for?It's the first session and according to the letter, it's a kind of introductory session.
Got my dissertation mark back lads.Unless I literally fail my last module I'm guaranteed a 2:1.So happy and so relieved all at the same time
Blocks out University of Central _______Doens't block out Lancashire NHSWe know it's at UCLAN tbh mate, nobody is bothered though. Best of luck lad, it's not that scary, and very helpful
Im doing cbt about a year now you wont do much today just get to know a bit about yourself and brief outline what course aims to do . nothing to worry about bro
glasgow
H E M E LEMEL
don't dox me bro
No cause house Prices would rise then
top kek fuck off grandad
congrats mate, I've got to do my dissertation next year what subject?
Got uni resultsGot a 3rd for my degreeFuck this shit. What the fuck can I even do?
University of CentralLancashire NHSWant to go for a cheeky nandos after mate?
3rdMight as well kill yourself tbh, a third is literally worthless.
Chin up, Lad. Could be worse. Could be a 3rd degree burn.
Kill yourself, unifag
A third degree burn wouldn't put you in debt and Mark you as a failure, the burn would be preferable to his monumental fuck up
dentist in a few hours kinda nervous tbh
what course?
The seagulls keep me up at night. On the plus side we have a healthy diet of whelks, cockles and shrimp.
Chemistry.
there's dentists in the UK? why do yall have such fucked up teeth then?
My mum bought be a CBT book for christmas because she thinks I have autism. I was insulted and made sure she knew about it.It's all about writing down your feelings, what you want to achieve and why you feel you can't achieve it. It's literally psuedoscience designed to help people who are stupid to think about their life.
You can get paid to take a PGCE. It's a doss and because you've got a science degree you get like £10k, might even be £15k.
Those who do, do. Those who can't, teach.I don't want to teach a group of bratty secondary school kids.
who /RinseFM/ here?
History mate, you?
You don't need to teach, you just do the course.
The dog in the flat downstairs sounds like he's chewing the fucking washing machine apart or something. Winding me right up tbh.
Sounds restless, is his owner old? Offer to take him for a walk.
Nah they're like 18 or 20 or something, and I think lesbians. They always give me a disgusted look whenever I say hi to them when passing.
So just pray real hard and it'll go away?
It's not really therapy, google CBT worksheet and you'll see the kind of thing you'll be doing.
1st of Junegale force winds and lashing rain
lifes hard but no matter how hard it gets you got to keep ye head up and carry on
Do you have a job and that? Maybe she's just trying to milk you for all that government cash she can get?
tfw social anxiety is starting to make me trip over my wordsfuck sake, I can think what I want to say crystal clear but as soon as I open my mouth it all gets mixed up and I end up sounding ridiculous. Frustrating tbh lads.
I know that feeling all too well my brother.Walk into a placeGo to the receptionistBeen planning what I need to say the whole walk overI've got it this time. This time I'm going to nail it and no-one will think I'm a freak"Hi I'd like to..."Come on brain, don't do this to me.from 2:25
Come on brain, don't do this to me.Damn it brain! I thought we were a team!
First day back at work after a fortnight off lads.Might have killed myself if not for a training course this afternoon. Staring at a powerpoint is about all I could handle today.
Our teeth are on average some of the best in the world in terms of health. They just don't look as good because we don't care about that.
DRINK SOME FUCKING BLEACH. BONES ARE NATURALLY WHITE. HAVE YOU NEVER SEEN A CARTOON SKELETON? SWEET JESUS.
it doesn't matter how strong/ healthy your teeth are as long as they're white We aren't all as vain as you yanks
Who /shitpostingfromwork/ here?
I'm going to marry Darjeeling!
Weebs
Politics
WorkOh ho ho that's rich and creamy
Want to go for a cheeky nandos after mate?Is this a thing now.
he's also the best looking memberson, hes a paki from Bradford.
It's been a thing for a long long while. Not sure how long ago it's been an internet thing, but I've been hearing #LADs saying it since at least 5 years ago.
Was looking forward to going out somewhere with my parents today, just to get away from being in the house..get up early, ask where you going today?-oh don't know yet.-okaylay on bed waiting for them to decidefall asleepwake upthey've fucked off without me.another day sitting alone doing nothing.
I'm so sorry bro. On the plus side, you're now free to "crank it up" and slide around the house in underpants and sunglasses, so there's that.
Just woke up lads hows everyone doin
could be worse, he could be NEET
Post things that annoy you ITTpeople who conveniently dislike everything somewhat-popular and current because it's ""overrated"" people who use Twitter to tell everyone they're smoking a cigarette or eating pizza or something literally no one cares to read the sound of people fiddling with plastic food packaging
I used to hate women. I fucking despised them because how arrogant they are. Until I've seen how women are treated as sex objects on daily basis by men, how men call then 'sluts', 'whores' and 'bitches'. Women always treat me nicely even when I didn't do anything for them. Sure there are a lot of real bitches out there but Jesus do we really need to call them 'bitches' all the time?
Femanons, what's your opinion on black cock?
a penis is a penis is a penis, if it belonged to someone I love I don't care what color it is as long as it's healthy. Only ever dated a white guy though.Honestly, I never really think about penises. I forget they exist if I'm not looking at porn or doing stuff with my boyfriend. I think that men think about them a lot more than women do.
Both black guys I've been with weren't huge or anything. It's like being with anyone else. Doesn't make me feel differently towards the guy. I think that men think about them a lot more than women do.I agree.
dis
Ah, well memed, my friend.
Into the trash she goes
looks like turds
Nothing bad about them but I wouldn't date black boy anyway.
Why?
qt visits my okc accountOH FUCK, IT'S TIME TO SEND A MESSAGE.tfw if the planets are aligned I may finally make it
I've been having a lot of success with this opener:Hello! You having some faffs and laffs on here? Me too lol my name's [NAME], what's yours?
faffs and laffs? What the hell.
We haven't had an okc thread in awhile, so have at it lads.
Say, "hey, sup?"play it cool guy
Don't leave us in suspense OP, what did you say to her?
Never say more than 2 words, it makes you look needy Usually I just reply with "mm hmm"or something to that effect, and I get tonnes of girls man
OP send her a message that mentions some of her interests OR some facts about her on her profile. Then provide insight on what you think. Then introduce yourself. Then ask her a question.Solid formula to get a girl to respond to your message.
Enjoy having your painstakingly crafted messages tailored to her profile ignored
hmm, sure
These two pieces of advice conflict.Her profile says likes symbolic movies so I asked for suggestions.
tonnesBritfag get out
Say what you want but it's the art of conversation.You have to say something that gets the person engaged in a conversation with you.Sending two worded messages or whatever "mm hmmm" bull shit is a fucking lie. Your call OP. I'm telling you though you need to get into this girl's mind and ask her questions about herself, or about something and make a conversation. Not give her a reason not to answer to you.
Started an internet business earlier this year, made $900 USD profit last month. Pic related - those are my withdrawals, all expenses are paid out of the PayPal balance. I know it's not much, but if trends continue, I should be making $2500/mo by September. I plan on taking a trip when I hit this goal.Where in the world can I go, where $2500/mo = baller status? SE Asia? South America? Eastern Europe? My only "must-have" is a dependable internet connection. I've never been outside the US so I don't want too much culture shock. Bonus points if white men are in favor with the local girls.
implying you can run from the IRS
You can consider China. 2500 a month wont be baller status, but being white = baller status by default.Just don't let them know how little you make.
Please explain how you make this money. Thanks.
Bump
Bonus points if white men are in favor with the local girls.thailand
I resell Fiverr gigs for 100-1000% profit. And no, I won't tell you which gigs - that's the hardest part, finding a seller who's dependable, does good work and is undervaluing their service. Fiverr is 99.9% shit, 0.1% gold.
Can you casually date the local women in Thailand, or just buy cheap hookers?
I went travelling and had a "girlfriend" for 2 weeks. She goes out to get your shopping, runs you a bath, basically does everything for you. You give her money for it, buy her lunch here and there etc. She will even cook for you. We went down the beach and I got hungry so she walked about a couple of miles to go mcdonalds, then she walked back. Then she applied sun lotion to me. Pretty fucking awesome
Where do you resell them? on ebay?
Where in the world can I go, where $2500/mo = baller status?Considering you're making under 30k a year in an unreliable market, nowhere nice.
smart
Who's to say it's unreliable?On my own website. Most of my customers come from Facebook.
bongo bongo land.
Who's to say it's unreliable?So it's more reliable than a real job?
hi OPI do something just like you online making about 900 a month too I'd recommend South Africa, India, or Cambodia. You'd be baller status for sure with that. Hard mode: go to Myanmar. It's a new country that's just ripe for exploitation. The exchange rate between usd adn their currency is ASTRONOMICAL
There's been no indication that it's unreliable. I only have to work 30-45min a day at it right now, when I'm earning $2500/mo I think it'll be like max 2hrs/day.
I won't go to India. You've got me interested in the other 3 though, I'll check them out. Any city specifically that you can suggest? Where are you at right now?
So you're doing that the rest of your life? I think I'm not using the word reliable right. I'm trying to say how good is it for future I've been in the workforce for only 1 year while I'm in college and I've been promoted. Making nearly $15 a hour.
I'm in cape town living with my bf. The hard part of being an expat is getting the damn legal status of being a citizen, but i think marriage is the easiest way to do it, I'm on a travellors visa right now. also, its' still pretty expensive here, but i have a short outside job that covers it with my bf's other job and of course my online job toomyanmar is hard mode because it's just recovering from a dictatorship lol but you can possibly do YangonPnohm Penh is great [blending asian and french culture]also ophow are you dealing with the IRS, have you filed taxes?
You're right, this business wouldn't be "for life". But for the foreseeable future... ie. 3-5 years... should be fine.Plus, I'm not talking about permanently moving. I still want to remain a US Citizen. I just want to travel abroad for as long as I'm able to stay financially solvent with this venture.
If you have 2500 US dollars a month, you are a rich man in Malaysia. I know a few people from there online. One guy worked as a cashier and literally had slave conditions. 12 hours a day 7 days a week, with a wage of converted like 2 dollars per hour. One chick is a pharmacist and iirc she makes less than 1000 a month.
Cool. What's your monthly expenses there? ie. Accommodations, food, transportation.I will be filing next year. 2015 is my first year in business.
South East Asia, South America, and part of rural America if you live in a nice van. Personally I'd go for SE Asia because the money will go so stupidly far.
Dude, what you described seems extremely unreliable. Acting as a middleman between customers on facebook and service providers on fiverr? Any number of things could completely fuck your business model.
, 
, 
, 
art students
She is qt i'm gonna offer to pay a months rent for some nudes
well i just shilled for a degenerate without even realizing it.
Literally her first sentence is beggingsome people don't deserve to live on this planet.
on the dole for 5+ years'you can't be on the dole anymore without doing some work'OK, 'Access to Art and Design' course, 3 hours once a weekUsed to draw cartoons and that, I'll float through until I can sign on againReally enjoying drawing while I'm thereTutors slowly shaking me out of my complacencyIntroduce me to semiotics and cultural thinking1 year later, do quite well in the course, photographed some of the exposed pipework in the college and displayed it as a final pieceGet accepted to uni on a scholarshipLose my virginity, make real friends, do fuck all except get drunk and high on the taxpayers coin for 2 yearsWork like crazy in the final yearGot a 2:1 and offered ANOTHER scholarship at the hoity-toitiest art school in the countryWork hard because it's fun and exciting, living in Lindon now after being in the countryside/small towns my whole lifeGraduate full Masters with HonoursNow embedded in the design industry on 6 figuresStill know nothing about art or designLiterally nobody does and anyone that says otherwise is lyingSure as fuck fixed my life though. Art students are a-ok with me.
ALL THOSE RED FLAGS
Started new job todayChick that's training me has hairy forearms. What do?
Drug her and shave them
"Have you seen the movie, 'Her'""I really identify with the main character""Remember how Samantha can count the trees on a hill?""I think I can do that for your arms""I estimate that there are 5,000 hairs on each of your arms"you will be wearing her pussy as a hat in no time
Invite her to your cave for a shaving date
Is this from experience?
yes
Lick them
Bloody hell.

I love a guy and i don't know what to do.Here's the story.be mein classsex education about safety and birth control and all that normie shitteacher hands out condomsshe hands me onechad behind me starts laughing"lol anon, you seriously think that you'll ever use that?"i'll fucking show himi slowly rise from my seat while my heavy breathing intestifiesi take off my fedora and put it on the table while slowly turning towards himthe whole class stares at mebefore he could react i charge towards him while letting out a loud autistic scream.i tacke him to the ground and rips his pants open.condom is to bigfmlwrapper fits just finefucks his faggot assfeels so goodliterally shit myselftells chad to wipe my ass with his tonguehe does as i pleaseafter he's done i leave the classroom to go home and snuggle with my dakimakura.something doesn't feel rightIt feels like im missing somethingi dont want this filthy dakimakurai want chadpls guys help
What the fuck is going on?
Please check your email edition General Pastebin: class="quote" Dating Site FAQ: class="quote" IRC channel: #yg on irc.rizon.net / port 6667 Friendly connection tutorial: 




the last person to post in this thread gets a yandere gf
Guaranteed thread survival
I'll take a redhead please
maybe next time
Whoops, sorry there m8
new rule if you put it in spoilers it doesn't count. if you use a trip it doesn't count either.
this thread:hey i'm a loser please be obsessed with me random fucking girl who doesn't know me because i 'm a shutin neckbeard loser i'm very interesting as such you'll love me and adore me and want to stalk me 24/7
calm down buddy
i'm just shitposting :^?
We're desperate men here.And besides, Yanderes are adorable as fuck.I mean, Yanderes, not just any dime-o-dozen stalker chick
dime a dozen stalker chickWhere can I find them? Most girls nowadays are aloof about relationships. Guess it's not surprising since they can join a dating website, do literally nothing, get one hundred messages, see ten attractive looking guys who want to date them, then pick their favorite guy out of those ten as easily as ordering food off a menu, only in this case, they're the ones being paid to receive their favorite meal
i think it's funny that people find crazy violently obsessive girls something to be sought out. it makes me feel less bad about being a basket case. i'm a guy so obviously it doesn't work like that but it is sort of reinforces the idea that if you put yourself out there someone is going to accept you as you are.. within reason
Well, I mean like.WellThink about it. What kind of chick would be a stalker usually? I'm guessing hambeasts and butterfaces. Usually. No offense to them, but it is harder for them to get a guy than most girls. Mix that with an obsessive disorder and they're a oneitis away from stalkerdom.Yanderes on the other hand have to be a dorable. They have to be ideally beautiful. Therein lies the basic irony of the character archetype. The yandere is a qt who can get any guy she wants really, but obsessively focuses her attention on one guy, who tends to be a beta. That's why yanderes stand above regular old pedestrian stalker chicks.
 This also should apply as an explanation to you too: 
yeah i get it they're qt. doesn't change what i was talking about since people really do care about more than just looks and being attractive won't mean having relationships and love falling in your lap as you do nothing to develop your social skills, contrary to what a lot of the bitterbeards here believe
Well that's why it's a character archetype, anon.It doesn't exist, not really. But it typifies what we robots want to be true. It embodies our essential beliefs.Also, it's fun to fantasize about.
Look, most of the guys on here don't want a 'yandere girl' because they want to love and cherish and care for her. They want one because having a chick who wants them so badly that she's willing to go to all sorts of lengths is a great boost to their ego.fuck them.The only people here who should ever be with any of the clingy girls from here are the clingy guys themselves. Being one of them I'm obviously biased, but it pisses me off to hear about the girls from here getting with normies then complaining about how they treat them like shit. and can't understand why they're so 'clingy and crazy'. Please stop choosing guys that will hurt you and get to know us, we're drowning in loneliness and would cherish you for the rest of our lives. I don't want to die alone because I couldn't be in a relationship with a normie chick who doesn't give a fuck about me. I just want to be loved.
Hey, it's ok buddy. Things will get better. Maybe. Hopefully.All of us just want to be loved :'
most anons i've known, their "essential beliefs" seem to be more like they want the entire world to revolve around them and even if they had their dream girl they wouldn't be happy because X status quo isn't met or every girl they meet isn't begging to suck their cockie they're just your average normie only they sit on their computer instead of having a life outside
That's probably true.It's no less sad though.All I want is just to get to be with one girl, not all of them. I'm just too shy and my standards are admittedly too outrageous. That's why I like the idea of a yandere. The fantasy where my dreamgirl comes to me unrelentingly just seems to good. But I also realise that's impossibly unrealistic, and maybe even unhealthy if irl.
you can find them though anon. i think you just have to suppress your own emotions for other people honestly because in reality they don't really want you to love them, deep down they just want their daddy who never paid attention to them or gave a shit about their existence. no matter how loving they actually are towards the people they find they're not going to love you because you love them. maybe i'm just bitter but life seems to become easier once you start ignoring your feelings and attachments to other peopleanyway i'll go to bed and stop shitting up this thread
If i could suppress my emotions, I wouldn't care about finding a woman at all.
Can't stop thinking about himCan't stop thinking about him with other girls who don't even exist.Feel physically sick over the thoughtI'll kill her by SoKo on repeat for the latest hourHe doesn't even know I exist.I don't want this life anymore.
girlBut I want a guy. As a guy myself.
No, because whether or not you "love" someone you desire people to support you. It's just instinct.
does anybody want to be my gf
hey
ask your mom
tfw no lesbian yandere girlfriendwhy live
 top or bottom? location? 
tfw you will never be killed by the woman you love
i can arrange that for you anon
Weight and height? This is important.
yanderethrowaway49304@mailinator.com
For me, it's a sense of security that they won't cheat on me, and finally being with someone who can love me as intensely as I love them - someone I can relate with, who understands me. In all my relationships, it's always sucked having those "I love you more!" "No, I love you more!" play arguments, but always knowing for a fact that I really did love them more, and seeing it in my words and actions on a daily basis compared to theirs, them never going above and beyond to do things for me like I would for them on a regular basis, and so on. It sucks reading posts like "Having someone who's there for you when you're sick or depressed is the best," because even after all the relationships I've been in, none of my exes cared enough to actually be there for me at times like that when we were together, they'd go back on their word and they'd do other less-than-caring things.I don't want to keep thinking things like "She'll never love me even half as much as I love her, and her words and actions on a daily basis prove it" when I'm in my next relationship. I've also been lucky enough to be on the receiving end of obsessive, frantic obsession from a high-maintenance girl in the past, so I know from experience that that is literally what makes me happiest. I've never been happier in my entire life than those few times when an extremely obsessive girl has gone full yandere on me. All of that is why my dream girl is a yandere.Another thing: yanderes are usually insecure. Again, I can relate to that. I love making people happy, and I'd like to think I've gotten pretty decent at it over the years. It's uncommon for me to not want to help people with their problems, help them feel better, help them smile or laugh, or help them in some other way. Insecure people tend to need more help than secure people. It would be a mutually beneficial relationship - they want support and I want someone *to* support.
"That feel when", they said,"That feel when no yandere"They won't find one here.
Also, insecure people have the sweetest, most heartwarming reactions to kind words. I love seeing people's faces light up. I love it when you can see how happy they are through their typing style alone. And it's not difficult to find any random person, get to know them for a little while and start making them smile. That can be done anytime at all on a whim. There's no other type of person I'd prefer to try to make happy than someone who needs to be loved as desperately as a yandere. It's the same reason I don't donate money to billionaires. They don't need my money, they're set already. I prefer giving to those who are most in need, and if any type of person needs to feel loved, it's yanderes.
Message him.
tfw someone says something nice to you
How are you, anon?
movie about people with mental illnesses
i'm doing good, i feel happy when people respond to me.how are you?
Pretty good.What are some nice things that people don't often to say to you?
Horror movie about people with mental illnessesSo the daily life of everyone here?
No posts in this threadNor in past yandere threadsOnly haikus now
Please check your email
Are you forgetting to reply to any other guys?
it means so much to me that others feel this waythanks, anon
No problem. Note that I'm a pretty clingy person myself, so it's natural for me to see many positive reasons to be with someone like myself. Normal people might not feel the same way. But still, the world isn't filled with nothing but normal people, so there's hope for you.
I can't remember a time when I've ever tricked anyone, so probably not.
I don't need to. It's constantly at the top of my screen and I've made it so that my phone will go off if I receive an email. Either one is enough to get my attention instantly.
Classified. There's only one person from 4chan I've contacted. All she has to do is check her email.
"please check your email"but they have nothing to sayno response for them
Pointless. It would only get my hopes up, thinking it's her for a split second, only to discover that it's not. Why would I do that to myself?
After reading all the pages of text I've sent them, I'm sure they'll have something to say.
those dubss-so hotsince that other anon is mean you can have my email thoughbilbobagins848@gmail.comwe can talk about dubs all day
Not mean. Dedicated.
The guy I've been stalking who I met in one of these threads is a horrible person, I've found out.Yet I still would give my life for him.Please help, I want off this ride.
You have options.1: Focus on your hobbies or interests as hard as you can. Use them to keep yourself from thinking of him. If you're still thinking of him while doing them, then the thing you're doing isn't engaging you enough. Find something more interactive and fast-paced if that's the case.2: Find someone new. Redirect those strong feelings toward someone else.3: Counseling and meds.
NooooouhhhCouldn't I sort of try to change him? little by little? Or maybe I should change myself until the things that he's into don't seem as horrible to me.I don't think I can stop obsessing over him. That is definitely out of the question.
admit ityou secretly love how awful he is
Couldn't I sort of try to change him? little by little?Yes, but good luck with that. You're the yandere, not him. You're more willing to change than he'll ever be.Or maybe I should change myself until the things that he's into don't seem as horrible to me.You're already obsessed with him, yet you can still recognize how horrible he is, and it bothers you. What will you change about yourself to overlook that flaw?I don't think I can stop obsessing over him. That is definitely out of the question.You're an adult. I don't believe this is the first time that you've ever obsessed over someone. You can tell me that it is, but I won't believe you.
I had a yandere gf once. I too was fucking horrible but I loved her, so she did actually change me a lot for the better.If he likes you too, you can definitely change his bad qualities
Nope. As soon as he told me what he does my stomach turned and I had to excuse myself. I have never felt so torn in my life. It was literally as if he was splitting me in half with his words.
What even did he say?I'm curious because I have a thing for literally awful people
Maybe if I get him to like me more then he will feel less inclined to do that thing...I don't want to say, he probably still lurks the general even though he told me he doesn't.
o-okay ;_;does he actually know it bothers you though?
Alright, so.That one awful thing you don't want to talk about.Lying to you.It could be beneficial to make a list of the things you'd like to change about him.
I was quite obsessed with somebody, pretty much entire yandere mode thing going on, even though he wasn't the best person in the world and sometimes said some awful shit to me, despite him knowing that I liked him and loved him. Broke up, realized that it's pretty damn futile to find somebody else who I can relate to in real life and instead started fawning over husbandos.I think the Japs were onto something with this waifu and husbando thing. But I can't really deny the fact that my life is just much better like that. I know that even if I would find someone to obsess over, they'll never like me the same way back or worse, use me and find somebody else instead.I hope you all someday find yourselves in a nice and loving relationship, one way or another.
Why do you think you can't find somebody else to relate to in real life? Because you can't find a boy who's as obsessive as you are?
check your email
Perhaps I'm just pessimistic and have a self defeating attitude. It just doesn't seem like an actual possibility to me, no matter how much I think about it. It would be fine with me even if he wasn't as obsessive as I am, but I don't think I'll even meet somebody in real life like that. Sure, even if I would, there's the factor of liking each other, ending up in a relationship and staying in that relationship for long. There's just too much to consider.Running away from it all isn't a solution, I know, but it seems to me like the most appealing thing right now. No pain, no suffering, just husbando.there's nothing but Youtube recommendations
nothing in your primary tab email tab?
I hope you find a higher level of happiness one day.
get yandere friendobsessed about menot know how to deal with it so just spergily do things together even though I'm probably just as obsessed with hereventually she grows boredwhich prompts me to spill my spergy feelings and downright say I'm obsessed with hershe reobsesses with mewe dateshe grows bored again, for no reason whatsoeveron top of that gets suicidal because her friend is missingtries to commit suicide with pillsends up in hospital where she still is nowyou're lucky you're not in a relationship
Nope, nothing. Then again, I haven't joined the dating website thing so no wonder it's like that.I sure do hope myself, but damn if that hope is oh so far away right now. Guess it's just one of those rough times in your life where everything seems like it sucks and there's no point in even bothering.However, I hope you have a nice day friendly anon.
eventually she grows boredshe grows bored again, for no reason whatsoeverI hope you find someone better in the future.No problem, other friendly anon. If you want to keep that husbando thing going for awhile until you're ready to move on, consider looking into roleplaying.
She got suicidal just because her friend was missing? That's a tad bit odd, but hey, I'm not one to judge. I guess it's another one of those shitty things about a yandere/yandere relationship; it looks great on paper but rarely works as such in practice.
This is even more impossible of a thing, considering just what kind of a husbando I have. It's a silly choice of a husbando, but he's somebody I considered as such for several years.
Now normally this wouldn't be such a problem but some of you, and I mean most of you, are SOOOOOOOOOOOO bad at having a conversation. I mean holy shit I thought I was bad but God damn some of you idiots don't know how to talk to girls for shit. If I have so many messages tell me why I have to talk with your boron ass? Because of shit like the stupid dating site list thing I HAVE to keep up a conversation with all of you retards and when I give unenthusiastic replies you bitch to me about how I'm such a bitch. IM TIRED FROM ALL THE OTHER IDIOTS YOU FUCK!It's really sad because there are a few guys on there that seem really cool and of like to get to know them better. But no! Thanks to you abussive idiots I can't!I just wanted to find a guy, any guy, that wouldn't mind me being so obsessive. Is that too much to ask?You're all autistic and I fucking hate all of you
Why would nobody be able to emulate him? It's what roleplayers - at least the good ones - do best.
I'm posting this fraction of a response on June the first, 2015, in case I know you.No No, please don't think that.
I don't even have to join the site to know this.
No i just thought it was funny.
Perhaps some could, but come the fuck on, I wouldn't say anything about my husbando in the first place because it would feel rather silly. At least for me. How would I even find somebody who would be willing to do this sort of stuff in the first place?
tfw no yandere programmer gf
Easily, if you know the right people! If you're interested in finding help with this, dontcallmecute1@gmail.com
tfw no helpdesk bf
programmer gfThere are some 30+ women at my workplace who work with IT.Their linkedin says things like "Data consultant"All of them are the quiet as fuck kinda girls grown oldAll of them are married.
Oh? And whose email would be this? I wouldn't want to email somebody that I don't know without knowing exactly what to ask for.now I'm just plain anxious to even consider emailingfuck
Mine.You can do it! If you're too afraid, I recommend making a throwaway email account. I know how you feel about this.
Those ain't programmers.
I'm If you want we can talk more on the subject. Let me know if you do
If you want to, then go ahead. In my case I actually tried to change him for the better, but I honestly don't think I've accomplished anything. After some months of that nonsense I just...ended it. Done. Nada. What's your story, anon? Mine isn't anything special, so if you were hoping for something, sorry to disappoint you.
Oh, I assumed you were still together and was in the process of still fixing him.My story is I have trouble deciding whether I should ditch her due to these very strong tells of her cheating or just not wanting anymore, and being there for her when she needs it
You don't know shit about them dude.
No. Despite being quite obsessed with him, I just ended it because I still had some degree of common sense inside of me, and if he kept on going about how shit of a person I am, then well, what's the point in sticking about? I still think about him, but it's not the same as before.It does seem quite strange that she grows bored two times, especially during the time when you dated each other. I'm tempted to say that you should stay with her, but if she's an actual yandere, then she should know that killing herself while somebody is obsessed over her will make the person quite sad and perhaps even suicidal. Perhaps it might even be for the best that you leave the relationship.
IT"data consultant"That says everything.
he kept on going about how shit of a person I amHow often did that happen? I would lash out at my girlfriend for petty shit but I died a little every time I did that, and more or less just got rid of those anger issues towards her.Perhaps it might even be for the best that you leave the relationship.I have a severe case of oneitits with her and this is the first relationship I've ever had ;_;
Told to get a jobApply everywhereEven general terrible jobs like janitor for random places.Walk into to local businesses asking for workAlready know it's bad when they have me write my contact info down on the back of a receipt.Talk to elders/parentsVolunteered at my landlord's home doing manual labor type stuffHe *complimented my work ethic numerous times*He's baby boomer, doesn't understand the current economic climate.One of his former students is a MANAGER at a local Lowe's.Use his name as a reference for a CLEARLY OPEN NIGHT STOCKING POSITION.Don't even get called in for an interview.Dad asks me to lower my expectations and to not aim so high, aim for entry levelAsk him what's more entry level than a simple janitor/overnight shelf stockerHe shows me jobs he applied for.Granted he does have a lot of experience, he applied for things he doesn't even know about like programming in multiple languages.Willing to take a pay cut, but he gets hired.But all my stuff is minimum wage to begin with.Seriously, I think it's better off for me to just go live in the woods. I've majored in mathematics, so I know I can at least think my way through many situations. I've already got a bug out bag prepped First aid kit, wood chopping, tent, water filtration/purification, firestarting materials, tarps, rope, etc.Just seems I have little other options really in terms of the pursuit of material things. I would've enjoyed being an actuary, but come to find out they require graduate level courses in statistics in the school I went, and I'm pretty broke as it is.If you have a story, do share.Pic unrelated, but it's this. 
Why do you consider being a janitor to be a terrible job?
I'd love to be a janitor. You get to work alone, just cleanin' up the place. Don't have to deal with people and gives you time to think.Retail is the nightmare. Being a janitor would be fine it just has a bad rap.Unfortunately all those jobs get taken by immigrants. No seriously they do. Maybe it's because the boss knows they can push them around and shit and they'll just get on with it, I don't know.
I didn't. I actually found it preferable as it's mostly easy work although can be disgusting and I wouldn't have to interact with many people.I was told to look for a job and that's one of the types of jobs I looked for first.
I live in the woods for about six months out of every year. What do you want to know?
Food options?I should be relatively safe in the sections I've selected, only thing there are black bears and most of those run when they're without cubs.
Already know it's bad when they have me write my contact info down on the back of a receipt.Well yeah they're meant to give them a resumé dickhead.
I've asked to provide one and I did have one they say just write my info on the back of a receipt.
you're* meant to give them a resuméI guess I'm the dickhead this time.
roughly 40 applications put innot a single interviewall entry level customer service shit
Do you have any fishing or hunting gear at all?How broke is "pretty broke?"Can you get to farmland from where you are now?
broke as in when I go out, I'll have 300 dollars to my name and nothing else. I can include a fishing pole kit when I go though. I dunno about bait however.I feel the pain, man. It's like I went out looking for jobs but got turned away everywhere I went or never heard back.
Are an Aussie? cause that's what it's like here at the moment.
Yo listen up here's a storyAbout a little guy that lives in a doomed worldAnd all day and all night and everything he seesIs just doom like him inside and outsideDoomed his house with a doomed little windowAnd a doomed corvetteAnd everything is doomed for him and himselfAnd everybody around'Cause he ain't got nobody to listen toI'm doomed, I believe I will die...I have a doomed house with a doomed window.Doom is the colour of all that I wear.Doomed are the streets and all the trees are too.I have a girlfriend and she is so doomed.Doomed are the people here that walk around,Doomed like my corvette, it's in and outside.Doomed are the words I say and what I think.Doom are the feelings that live inside me.I'm doomed, I believe I will die...I have a Doomed house with a blue window.Doom is the colour of all that I wear.Doomed are the streets and all the trees are too.I have a girlfriend and she is so Doomed.Doomed are the people here that walk around,Doomed like my corvette, it's in and outside.Doomed are the words I say and what I think.Doom are the feelings that live inside me.I'm doomed, I believe I will die...Inside and outside Doomed his houseWith the Doomed little windowAnd a Doomed corvetteAnd everything is Doomed for him and himselfAnd everybody around'Cause he ain't got nobody to listen toI'm doomed, I believe I will die...
I wanna watch Lilo and Stitch now.

, 
, 
tfw my dad has to drive me everywhere
Having a dadGet out normalshit
be 24my mum drives me to the jobcentre
Why not break out the old schwinn?
tfw only learnt the bus route to the job centre because my mum was getting angry with me not knowingtfw she still pays my bus fare
getting to ride in a carFUCK OFF NORMIE SCUM
tfw crippling fear of drivingprevented me from getting licensenow 20, my parents had to drive me everywhereworking hard to finally get license, about 10 hours driving so far/50 neededevery time I drive my heart starts racing like crazy, when I get home I practically collapse on the floor from anxietyI'm going to get it by the end of the summer, but fuck me this is so stressful.
post your age too
tfw only have a A4 and not the S4
my brother is 22 or 25 and still can't drive because it gives him anxiety and he has no drive kekyou are doing well
Being black
24
Just take a fucking bus, holy fuck.
I had the same problem. I barely managed to pass the test but now I'm a pretty good driver. Its really worth it but I would have given up If i had failed because its just so fuckign stressfull.
It's really not that hard jesus. Just realize that the best way to avoid any accidents is to be deliberate when you make a action. Always keep a good distance from the vehicle in front of you and be defensive at all times.Traffic follows a flow and eventually you'll learn the patterns. Unless you're being especially retarded nobody is going to honk at you. Unless you're in new jersey.
He probably knows that dirving itself is easy. But some people have a fear of driving which makes it pretty hard for them because of the stress, anxiousness and stuff.
I'm 28 and still can't drive, never had a single lesson. I had no interest when I was a teenager because I had no friends and never left the house. Didn't need a car in college and don't need one for my current job but it's just embarrassing not being able to drive at this age. I'm a retard.
I wanted to drive when I was a kid
At least your dad cares about You
tfw GF leaves you because you forced her to eat your dick cheeseHelp me get my mind off
My dick looked like that only worse the first time I ever pulled my skin back. Thought I had some kind of fucked up disease or fungus at first.
Looks like maggots
23 and i've never pulled the foreskin back beyond the head
How can you guys even stand to post in this thread. I only can because I blocked out the image. You're all much braver than i am.
I wonder why they don't pull your foreskin back when you're a kid in burgerland. I'm uncut and never had any problem with my penis because a doctor pulled the foreskin when I was like 5 or 6. No smegma problems, no growth problem, no phimosis and no need to let Dr Schlmobergstein cut off your pee pee.Sometimes I wonder if this isn't some kind of subtle massive S&M play with all your citizens involved.
Reconnu!Je dois te faire flipper mais je t'assure que c'est vraiment du hasard lol.
I wonder why they don't pull your foreskin back when you're a kid in burgerland.I'm a europoor and my parents just told me to.
N-non c'est pas possible ! Comment ?!How old were you when they told you about this ?
I can't build up smegma anymore. I shower too often
I'm cut it sucks but the thought of some girl rubbing my babby foreskin on her face is kind of hot
Je sais pas, même si tu supprimais toutes tes expressions et tes images je te reconnaîtrais encore. C'est flippant non? :3
Très flippant. M'enfin je préfère ça que de te voir flirter avec d'autres anons :3
Mais je flirt pas! Quel jaloux. :3
same.
Sinon vous pouvez aller discuter sur facebook les pd, au lieu de poluer les threads.
facebookWIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII DEGAGE SALE NORMALEFIOTTE
C'est la place des weaboo français pour s'entre-sucer.
Je t'ai à l’œil !Bah vas-y parle nous de ta bite puisque c'est le sujet du thread ! Fais voir ton kiki ! Si tu n'as rien à dire peut-être que tu peux fermer ta gueule :3 ça te troue le cul à ce point qu'on squatte un thread de merde qui coule ?Fais voir tes fesses aussi.
Remind me again why uncut is the "masterrace"
C'est assez génant de vous voir vomir votre français ici oui.
C'est la place des normies pour organiser leurs soirées.Tu deviens pire que Nonon, fais gaffe! :3
Vous faites pitier tout simplement.
T'es pas obligé de passer ta souris sur nos spoilers pour les lire, t'es maso?Faire pitié sur /r9k/
T'es pas obligé de passer ta souris sur nos spoilers pour les lirej'ai que ça à faire de ma vie, désolé.
thanks a bunch, frenchies.Can you guys at least post dicks or something?
tfw phimosistfw i can only peel back my foreskin while flacidtfw if I ever had sex I would get laughed at because of phimosisThe head is so sensitive I can barely touch it. It feels like I'm washing it with knives rather than water
:3
Si ça a tant d'importance pour toi ta vie doit être bien confortable. Tant mieux.J'ai toujours été pire que lui, mais je le cache bien.Vous faites pitierJe te rappelle que tu dois être âgé d'au moins 18 ans pour poster ici, et également que tu te trouves sur /r9k/, ici, avec nous. Toi aussi tu fais pitié mon chou :3
Alors te plains pas. :3It's Noun here, we can't eat our smegma on our baguette and take a pic of it at the same time
Je vois ça! Ca t'énerverait si je demandais aux gens de poster leur queue? :3
At least spoiler that shit man!phimosisUghhhhhIt looks painful, please stretch while flaccid Otherwise 7/10Then stop eating and show me your cock you smug little shit!
Wouldn't you suck my 7/10 baguette ? :
I'll say it againphimosisI'm not in the mood for cottage cheese right now!Just think, your cock is so close to being good but yet so far!I may jerk you out of pity, but meh...
I'm not a surrender monkey like my fellow phimosis frenchman. I won't show you my white flag.
b-but the point of phimosis is not to pull of the glans. nobody have to deal with the intact cheese :I bet I can fuck without pulling off but i'm virgin so who knows.
Frenchnot jumping at the chance to show an Englishman your white flagAt least show me your cock you teasetsk tskYou think you stand a chance?!As if!Way to get your hopes up you Virgin Oh I'm kidding lighten up, darling
Mmhhhh non je crois que j'en profiterais aussi.
You filthy scoundrel!Y a sûrement des fetishs du smegma et des phimosis ici. Y a des fetishs de tout ici.Quel coquin. Et dire que si tu m'avais dans les bras tu me laisserais dormir.Sûrement pour aller emprunter mon onahole. :3
those missed getsDo the French ever win?Check these
You're not blessed by Allah and Patrick Sébastien. You can't compare with me.
I'm warming up
I messed up on purpose!AnywayThis thread blows, check these before I leave
Wait until this deadly tactical cassoulet à fragmentation explodes in your face, idiot. We'll gangrape you over Cebruz' dead body.J'me contenterais même des mouchoirs ou chaussettes ou quoi que ce soit dont tu te sers :3
Nope :3
W-wowWhat a get! I'm very intriguedI'll stay for a bit just to annoy you two ;3cS...shut up
les doubles pour le françaisregardez-les, pédés
quel bonheur!
Je te refilerais ma pile de mouchoirs durcis par mes pensées pour toi!See? You can't handle the power of this deadly tactical cassoulet à fragmentation
Postan' uncut.It barely even looks any different than cut cocks when foreskin is pulled back, except there's no huge line of discolorationfucking baguettes in this thread too
Sorry I forgot to spoilerHere it is again
This would never have happened AgincourtMy my mister Dominican, quite lewd with no spoiler!
You don't have any dishonorable pagan or longbows to defend your ass here, Anglois.
Getting kinda heated in here, maybe I should go before I force you into submission!
Du moment qu'il y a ton foutre dessus, ça vaut plus cher que de l'or pour moi ! Wow, c'est marrant raconter ce genre de trucs en français c'est dix fois plus embarrassant.Bon allez j'y go d'agneau hahahaahha J'suis un peu fatigué en fait.Too big. You can't use a pee pee that big as a pacifier. W-whoa.
C'est justement ça qui est drôle. C'est encore plus lewd en français.Bon c'est pas que le tampax... :3Je t'embrasse, bonne journée mon chat!
T-this is impossible!
C'est justement ça qui est drôle. C'est encore plus lewd en français.Bon c'est pas que le tampax... :3Je t'embrasse, bonne journée mon chat!I'm going to go ahead and assume this wasn't for me....Something the matter? ;3cExcuse me, there is nothing impossible about forcing a frenchie to take it up the butt!
Yeah this was for  :3I won't surrender!
All these missed dubs and trips, fml
Squirming only makes you more attractive~Now bend over and get the olive oil!
I would leave you too in that situation. That is just absolutely putrid.
The olive oil?! Are your condoms made of pork intestine?
not using olive oil just because of the thickness and volumeimplying id use a condom on the likes of you
not using olive oil just because of the thickness and volumeAre English people so barbarian? :o
Are there any french image boards? I want to shitpost while improving my french.
Nope. We have forums, but they're inhabited by underages and are too stricts :'
We are barbaric?You sicko's invented the guillotineBut that's besides the point, if you think olive oil is too barbaric I SUPPOSE I could go in dry~
Yet they say circumcision is bad...
Just use /int/.
How can you?! What kind of magic is that?My ass would be the guillotine of your pee pee.

It's not magic, it's just raging arousal at work my poor sweet frenchie!That would be extremely painful!Now shut your mouth and bend over
from the third world country that is britbongistannot barbarianpick oneAdd a frenchfag on skype or kik or whatever. Have you actually used olive oil before? I'm genuinely curious.
Just had a look at the /int/ thread and it looks pretty good. I always thought /int/ would be a tripfag circlejerk like /vg/. Thanks anon.Add a frenchfag on skype or kik or whatever.I'm too beta to actually talk though, mostly just want to lurk
bongland third worldSave your breath, up north it's all white!And why yes I have, it makes a great lubricant
I was talking about your digits. And in France, we use mayonnaise as lubricant.
If you're beta, it's pretty good practice.Save your breath, up north it's all white!Whatever you say bbAnd why yes I have, it makes a great lubricantToo poor to afford proper lubricant? The mere thought of it just makes me cringe. I'd laugh my partner out of the bedroom if he pulled out a bottle of olive oil. Not that I expect much from a bongistanian.
pulling your foreskin backwhat the fuck does this even mean? do you need to pull your foreskin back for a very first time as if you're breaking a hymen or something?
My digits where rather supreme, yes.But I don't care what you use, I'm going in dry since you're such a little tease!Maybe that'll teach you not to play hard to getWhy must you stalk me?Can you not get enough of me?Of course you can't my dearpoorTop laughTrying to get in on me and frenchie a lewd time?
I don't have a hymen so I don't know but, the first times waswere a little painful iirc.
Real question: What is "dick chese" and how and why does it happen?
No, when an uncut boy have sex for the first time his frelum breaks, like the hymen of girls.Buy my refined french ass would't handle your barbarism!
J'ai seize ans et skype ne respecte pas ma liberté.
J'espère que les mods n'utilisent pas google traductionsinon t'es foutu.
I had no idea r9k was full of stinky french fucks do you guys like to eat your dick cheese by spreading it on a nice bagutte first?
I'm guessing uncut savages don't pull their foreskin back until puberty when they realize the other function of their dick. Years of not washing your foreskin is probably putrid smelling.Why must you stalk me?I don't. You just constantly bump threads with your avatarfagging. It doesn't take much to see your posts pop up on the front page. Can you not get enough of me?Trying to get in on me and frenchie a lewd time?implying I'd get lewd with the likes of youNo I just like making fun of you, nothing more. Smegma from phimosis I'm guessing.
frelumYou mean frenulum? Also no, it is not supposed to break what the hell. It is often removed during circumcision but it isn't supposed to break on its own.a virgin but I have fucked enough fleshlights, tengas and my hand that it should have broken during 15 years of abuse if it was meant to.AlsoThe frenulum and the associated tissue delta on the underside of the penis below the corona has been described in sexuality textbooks as "very reactive" and "particularly responsive to touch that is light and soft". The "underside of the shaft of the penis, meaning the body below the corona" is a "source of distinct pleasure".Smegma. Its job is to keep the glans moist when not in use. Generally takes two or three days of no cleaning for any to start properly building but, and even then it takes 15 seconds to clean in the shower. Half a minute if you wanna be really thorough and make sure there's no smell of any kind. Girls get smegma all the same in their cunts but it isn't often spoken of much like fartingAre people really this uninformed?
Sure, here's the average french.Have you heard about something called humor?
Have you heard about something called humor?I'm posting here. What do you think? No
It will conform, just like you French peasants, they give up quite easily.Submit time and I MIGHT help your poor little cock there.You don't devote your life to me with a shrine in my honour?My heart is broken!implying I'd let you in on it anywayDon't flatter yourself darling
I'm uncut and I had no fucking clue that was a thing. I pulled my foreskin down and washed it for as long as I can remember
This thread is even worse than that girl's boyfriend shitting in a diaper thread from yesterday
This thread makes me proud to be circumcised.
No wonder why you're still a virgin then, if you had humor, you'd fuck a girl and lose your frenulum buddy.And then you say something like "it'll be Waterloo in your ass!"Me too m8
it's really weird how strongly /r9k/ romanticizes dick skinwhich one?
which one?pic related
Have fun with your puny uncircumcised cock you mutilated cuck~What a clever reply that would be!A real shame your mouth would be gagged far too much to tell me such a funny retortSpoiler that what the heck
Just remembered that I had a borderline autistic online friend a few years back. His name was Kyle
uncircumcised I think autocorrect is mad at meI meant circumcised
Seeing what gets posted here, I'm not surprised this is a common occurrence for this board.You don't devote your life to me with a shrine in my honour?If I were to worship a person, it would at least be a real man. My heart is broken!No that's your ego bb. implying I'd let you in on it anywayDon't flatter yourself darlingAgain, I only go for real men, not beta bitchboys playing pretend. Keep trying to flatter yourself though, it's rather cute. it's really weird how strongly 4chan romanticizes dick skinftfy
Implying I would submit
buttmad mutilatedfags
Just admit your adoration and I'll spare you the bullshit, come on I'm waiting~implying I'm not a "real man" or whatever you mean by thatI do have a penis,mebitchboyPick oneshhhNo words my love, just nothing but anal stimulation!At first glance of my pre-cum dripping cock you will submit 3
tfwwear same clothes for weeks at a time without showering because I'm a filthy lazy neet with no clean clothes and a poss jug collectiondick is always spotless and on pointFeels good
Are people really this uninformed?I don't have one and they never went over this in health class. Thank you, anons.
tfw I see a pre-cum dripping cock
I love this feelI love the cut-fag damage control too"b-but women like it better!"I'm not going to mutilate myself for some hole "d-dick cheese!"I've never gotten that in my entire lifeI've never had phimosisPlus it's just what they tell themselves so they don't feel emasculated
Aww I wasn't expecting you to wave the white flag so early!I love the feeling when I'm so turned on my pre just drips and smears down the side of my legI'm getting hard just thinking about it!
Just admit your adoration and I'll spare you the bullshit, come on I'm waiting~My my, someone sounds full of himself. Sorry to break it to you, but life isn't an anime. I'm not being tsundere. I just like seeing people who think so highly of themselves get taken down a peg. implying I'm not a "real man" or whatever you mean by thatI do have a penis,What are you, 5'10"?he thinks he's a real manPlease tell me you were serious. huehuehuePick oneThey're synonymous with each other, so either or works, really. I never learned about it in school either. Plus it's just what they tell themselves so they don't feel emasculatedthis is what uncut fags say to cover up their insecurity and savagery.
It's savage not cutting your dick shield offl to the m to the a to the o my friend
I'm not waving the white flag silly boy.tfw precum is dripping on your hand and you're so horny that you lick it
Oh just admit you want my cock and we can be done with this nonsenseOh please, I'm 180cm, that's quite a bit bigger than 5'4" real manJesus let me allow the tranny to tell me how to be a real man heheGod what a bitch you are, we'd get along a shame you took the cowards way out and ingested titty skittles!meinsecurityOh my What a bullyIt must suck never being able to gag on my glorious member!You will try anything to negate the fact 3You love me and you know itFucking creeper~Oh but yes you are!Can you not see that if assplay turns you on, you are indeed a submissive slut!Come on, sit on my face and I will find your prostate, once I do you will cum on my chest as you gag on my delicious cock
I've never tried assplay. Not that I don't want to but I'm just too lazy.You're asking me to sit on your face you submissive slut! :3
You can thank your shitty parents for being too selfish and lazy uh oh, sex is taboo, better fuck up my kids sexual life insetad of manning up and taking care about child by talking about something that can be uncomfortable for me/just cut off part of his penis.1. You parents should tell you to pull your foreskin back during bath to firstly, clean it, secondly, prevent phimosis development, while you're fucking early teenager.2. There're penis inspections where doctor touches your dick and check if everything is all right.3. Even logically, if you look at what age people are physically able to have kids, it's around 13-14 yo. That's where both girls and boys are physically mature enough to fuck and give birth. Before civilization you wouldn't need to be reminded of this because you'd naturally fuck from early age, thus prevent phimosis development. In medieval times age considered for adulthood was 15. Even now in most countries age of consent is around 15 yo.4. Dick cheese aka smegma keeps your dick moist. Depending on how many boners you get and how much aroused you are through the time because its production increase during arousal, it starts to appear in 2-6 days from last shower, and it can be easily cleaned without using much force.vid looks like around 2-4 weeks without cleaning your dick.Where's no reason to circumcise except shallowness and laziness of parents, or extreme case of phimosis which often is also caused by shitty parenthood, and even then often it requires just small cut, not getting rid of whole foreskin.Fucking burgeristani.
he thinks having a smelly dick is a good thing and not the good kindOh just admit you want my cock and we can be done with this nonsenseSorry I'm not a slut like you that drools over any phallus that gets posted here or bends over on a whim.Jesus let me allow the tranny to tell me how to be a real man heheI don't need to be one to know what one should be, and it doesn't take a genius to figure out you hardly qualify. God what a bitch you are, we'd get along a shame you took the cowards way out and ingested titty skittles!implying you would have a chanceAlso, I'm only a bitch to those that try to place themselves above me.You love me and you know itIn your dreams bb. I'm sorry to disappoint you but saying it over and over won't all of a sudden make it true.
Thank you smegma-sama
tfw americunts are so fat and lazy they have to get their dicks mutilated just to stay a modicum of healthy
1. You parents should tell you to pull your foreskin back during bath to firstly, clean it, secondly, prevent phimosis development, while you're fucking early teenager.mfw I was 6 and been fapping since I was 7found porn at the same age too because we had unsecured adult channel and parents didn't monitor my sleepy timesProbably wasn't too great for my 7yo mind to look at huge dicks and tits most of my childhood and entire adolescence.
Women sit in men's faces, are women doms naturally?Nope!I just love the lewdness of itNow stop being such a disobedient whore and get over here!I swear you stupid French prick I will fuck you so hard you'd have stretch marks on your boipussy!!Keep replying I'm enjoying your companyimplying I'm not more of a man than those needledick losers you bring home Oh my I'm loving every bit of thisI thought having a big cock and lifting heavy was enough?But your opinion says otherwise!? Oh no!!wanting me to admit something that isn't trueThing is, you're not above my my dear, I've never stated I was above you.Do you want me to like suck your cock or something?Jesus
Do you just shit post all over the place when you can for fun, or have you actually had success with people being lewd with you as a result of it?
Usually that young kids aren't even interested/are disguisted by sex. Yeah, it might have been bad for you. I started to talk about it with friends in school when I was around 12 shit like, "I saw my mom naked!", "Sex is when you put your penis in vagina" etc, at 13 mother told me to pull foreskin back in the shower, couple of weeks later I started to masturbate.First pull was slightly painful and when I put my dick under stream of water it burned, but since then no fucking problems.Really, considering how fucked up families in USA are and how everyone are suing everyone and everything, I wonder why kids don't sue their parents and doctors over fucking up their dicks. It's not like you love each other anyway.
I've got lots of lewd people on my email and kikLots of people want "love" mostlyIt's kinda weird, those people barely know me.And yes I do it for fun, I don't need to work and I hate my "friends".Just lots of cute twinks and dick pics on my kik really.
Implying that men who love to have someone sat on their face aren't submissivesJust accept what you are, english pagan!
Huh. So walk me through the process, how the fuck does that even happen? You bully someone until they give in? Or what?
I'm not from US just btw.First time I remember having sexual shame is when I was 5 I remember because I had just learned to read and was browsing this book. There was picture of a kid, probably twelve or so, wearing one of those breathing masks dentists and doctors use in general practise. I felt aroused, and ashamed, by it and returned to look at it when I was unsupervised.I'm still aroused by masks of many kind, but nowadays they have to be more elaborate.
For god sakes frenchie stop being such a teaseI'm edging for hours and you do this!?I'll fucking take you if I have to!!You won't be so tsundere once I find your prostate and make you climax without even touching your dickI'm not a bully!!And mainly we just help eachother get off, not too complicated honestly.
Yeah, yeah, not a bully. And I get how it works once you have people on your e-mail and Kik, but I meant the process on how they end up there.Because I don't see you do much more than not-bully people on here, saying how you want to fuck them.
Keep replying I'm enjoying your companyDon't tell me what to do.implying I'm not more of a man than those needledick losers you bring home implying they're smallimplying they're not 6'+Being a manlet must suck, I could only imagine.I thought having a big cock and lifting heavy was enough?Oh please I doubt you even lift and your cock is average at best.I've never stated I was above you.You talked down to me so I figured I'd do the same. I'm not the one getting testy over it though.Do you want me to like suck your cock or something?Nah there are much better ways to get real pleasure. Keep wishing though.There was picture of a kid, probably twelve or so, wearing one of those breathing masks dentists and doctors use in general practicewat
close. But isn't that like dangerous or something?
Is it normal to be straight and enjoy being the receiver of anal? Not with guys, of course, but instead I buy my girlfriend a strapon and she uses it to fuck me in the ass. She's fine with it but I'm just wondering if I'm not the only person who likes it and still be straight.
From what I can tell, it's a relatively common kink for straight dudes.
I'm straight and I finger my ass nearly every day, nothing gay about it at all. As long as your gf is up for it I say go
It's perfectly normal, prostate stimulation is one the greatest pleasures a man can receive doesn't make you gay.
Anal sex is not inherently gay. If youre not attracted to men then you're straight. You just like the prostate stimulation.
And then you made her cry? Right?
Well I'm glad I'm not alone. Thanks guys.No, I'm not that kind of guy.
If the dildo you use is made to resemble a penis, then you're totally gay.
Good.
It's not. It's a 7-inch cylinder strapped on a belt.
being nice
There’s just something so satisfying about taking the jerk home from the bar who’s spent most of the night intellectually challenging you in a heated verbal debate.Yeah, that's what you're attracted to.
Clickbait articlesNah nigga.
femaleintellectually challengedSounds about right.
SCHLOMO SHOW YOURSELF
Thanks a bunch Gigi. You've further confirmed why I hate all women.Fuck this shit I'm saving up for a sex vacation to Amsterdam.
from the bar Trash tbh
Except that I won't date vapid whores like these anymore, so it's less of a question what women want but more whether I want her, and in most cases so far that was a no.
"Monogamy just doesn't work" "Girls are hard wired for assh*les" "Nice guys finish last". These are all the same bullsh*t titles I've seen pop up in Elite Daily lately. This is an opinion piece at heart, so stop presenting it as fact. For as many 'facts' of 'science' you cited, I could find you just as many to debunk your claim. From a personal experience? I can be assertive without being an assh*le. I can keep up conversation with my girlfriend without bringing her down a notch, and still be sexy doing it. I make my woman laugh without insulting her. Oh, and she's a strong, sexy, independent woman. Define a 'nice guy.' I'd love to hear that. Because you know, guys fall into only two categories, "Alpha and Beta," and "Nice and Assh*le" just like women only fall into "Prude or Slutty" right? I mean, that's pretty much what you're saying. This article is just like your romance novels. Trashy. As f*ck.
wow... they're not even bothering to hide it anymore... fucking kikes
Hope you like fucking middle-aged Romanians then.
Oh god, /pol/ was right again.
lol who thought giving females freedom was a good idea?
Women not lusting after nice guys?Gee...I wonder who could be behind all of this?
He needs to be brought down a notch. He’s absolutely infuriating! And isn’t that so f*cking sexy?needs to be brought down a notchinflate his ego even more by sleeping with himWoman logic
BETA UPRISING WHEN
Both studies found that “nice” qualities were more desirable for long-term relationships while physical attractiveness prevailed in terms of sexual relationships:Alpha fux, beta bux
caring this much about the meatsacks that are women.They don't want or need you, and deep down you don't want or need them either.Forget them, let them become obsolete, prove your beliefs that they truly are inferior.Join me brothers
Why can woman never just be honest? Why hide behind stupid excuses like this? My god, woman are so fucking stupid.
Kill them all Johnny :^|
I read the first few lines then scrolled down the whole article, what a load of shit written by a feminist "empowered" slut.
murder themyou're doing it wrong robotyou must remove them from your life entirely, never attackOnce they're frustrated enough, they'll attack.
This would be life fucking everyone I end up in a 4chan argument withDoesn't even make sense
"Intellectually challenging" girlsin a barHilarious.Also, "nice guy" is just code word for a guy a girl wouldn't fuck, like a fat guy or an ugly guy or a fuckin nerd. It has nothing to do with how they act because women project all of their fucking weird dark perverted sex bullshit onto you, they just need a pretty face and/or a big wallet to do it to first.
this dogshit science
shit like this is the reason why I don't date anymore. I only know shitgirls as well except for 2 maybe.
/pol/ pointing out the happening again.
All these comments just remind of that Redpill comic with the doctor where he yells "HOW DARE YOU I KNOW WOMEN WELL!!". These buffoons are literally arguing against a woman and some fairly solid scientific data. Of course this guy is right in that people don't fall cleanly into unique categories but by and large women like to be challenged rather than groveled over.
And society wonders why more people than ever are no longer participating. Beta men are bombarded with headlines like this, are witness to all they may never have, their hobbies dismantled and destroyed and their passions overtaken by hordes of idiots.I can understand why so many men just give up. I get it. We're going through some rough changes as a culture right now
Does just staring at them with a blank stare while saying nothing count as being a "nice guy"?If not than I guess I am not a nice guy.girl says hi or smilesjust stare at her with a blank expression until she leavesEvery time!
I'll never understand this shit and frankly I don't think that's how most people operate.Just run it through your own neurology. When you see a stupid, arrogant fucking bitch, what are you thinking? You're not thinking that her spoiled, cunty, bratty attitude is like so totes f*cking s*xy omg, you're thinking you wanna garb her by the fucking hair like an animal and throw her outside so she can be where she belongs with all the other animals.Who in their right mind finds sociopaths and rude pieces of shit attractive? FUCKING NO ONE. This is a bait article made to piss people off.
AND A REAL HERO, REAL HUMAN BEAN AND A REAL HERRRROOOO REAL HUMAN BEAN!
Article number 14565 western women are whores you shouldn't judge them for it.
believing in scienceScience has been proven to be wrong by Nassim Taleb, author of Black Swan, Fooled by Randomness, and Antifragality
Most men actually think stuff like "i want to fuck her roughly like the bitch she is" when they see an insufferable attracrive female
underrated post
Yeah but Rape is a bit different than women choosing to have consensual sex
Insightful.
I enjoy the hypocrisy that we have "men just think with their dick" and "women are sexual creatures" being the same thing, and yet the former is derogatory and that latter is supposed to be empowered.
No its not even rape, they just want to fuck them.Its disgusting, but i can understand why women might hold such retarded logic, i guess all the tribal instincts are still ingrained in us
garb her by the fucking hair
hate that women sleep with and show affection for men who treat them like the trashy sluts they are and put down pathetic beta white-knightsWhy /r9k/?
You aren't even a "nice guy". You're just a beta who gives a woman everything she wants in the hope that she'll sleep with you.That " jerk" she's settled with is actually a nice guy who looks physically attractive and is emotionally capable of stating his desires.
Yeah, fucking seriously.This is basically how it always goes. An actual good man treats a woman like a fucking person, not some kind of goddess to be worshiped.With the possible exception of inside the bedroom. Chicks dig it when you eat them out for long periods of time and shit like that.
lel this works everytime and will get responsesthe funny thing is that some retarded normies actually think like this due to the halo-effect and will assign good attributes to people just due to status/looks. Subhumans like you should be purged, oy vey
iunno man. I can kinda see it happening.I mean i'd fuck the stacies back in high school who would make fun of me, but i hate them all with passion and know for fact they wouldnt make a very good girlfriend that i'd want to marry.lust and love are two very different things
As long as they hose off the gypsies so they don't smell too bad I'm game.
Back the fuck off ok!
The "jerk" will cheat on gfThe "jerk" will not pay gf good attentionThe "jerk" would annoy his gfT-t-he nice guy is the REAL jerk, y-ya
*ssholesf*ckingStop. Putting stars in words doesn't make it less offensive. If anything it makes it more offensive since you are acknowledging the only reason you use these words is because they are curses. Just die. If you want to write fuck just write fuck.
all of this just to justify that she likes getting fucked by chadsholy shit
It's different as the fucker and the fucked. I'll admit, your statement does apply to me. When I see a spoiled attractive bitch, I just want to hate fuck her to bring her down a few pegs. Just absolutely dominating her. But how does that even work for girls?Oh yeah, fuck me you big stupid oaf! Slap me and call me a whore. That will bring him down a few levels!
elitedailyactually clicking, reading, and sharing the most cancerous and culturally subversive shit in online existencekill yourself
When has /pol/ ever been wrong?
Who /tiredofbeingnice/ here?
This.Sounds edgy and w/e but before I was finally able to see them as nothing more than objects 4 years ago my life was pretty much ruled by sluts, chasing sluts, etc etc.Deep down all fems know they're just objects and they love to be treated as such.
You're stereotyping. I know more women who cheat on their boyfriends than men that cheat on their girlfriends.Face it, you aren't being a "nice guy" to all these fat and ugly girls. I know exactly what the fuck you all do, I used to be exactly like you.
But anon I'm a Neet.
there's no intellectually challenging girls on the face of this earthjesus christ, you guys should get out sometime.
how cute

DAILY REMINDER: Elite daily is pure click bate. The "authors" have been revealed to be fake identities.Elite daily exposed:
To be honest regarding not paying good attention? This shit is exactly what women hate about you.They want their partner to have their own fucking social life, go do their own thing. Not try to pamper them every day of the year for their entire life.Don't treat women as pets.
Sure there are. Just not in bars.
you aren't being a "nice guy" to all these fat and ugly girls.HmmPeople tend to treat people their attracted to more better than othersNews at 11
You guys are really outhinking yourselves here. Things are really fucking simple.men are programmed to seek out healthy breeding age females. They're attracted to big butts/breasts/hips because these are indicators that the woman can bear children. Age matters, facial symmetry matters, overall health matters. You instinctively notice women who would give you a healthy baby if you pumped a load into her. Her personality is irrelevant. She's a vessel.Women who don't match up will attempt to cheat the system with makeup/bra stuffing/plastic surgery/ugly friend to appear more attractive. They don't have a problem cheating the system.Women are programmed just as primitively, but with a slightly different approach. They seek out strong, high status males. They also look for the facial symmetry and healthy body appearance. But they mostly want a male that is well connected because it maximizes the chances that her offspring will survive. If he has access to resources and power within the tribe, the needs of her offspring will be attended to. She will not breed with a low status or omega male because it's a potentially a death sentence to her or her offspring. None of this is rational, this is all the sexual autopilot. She's obsessed with validation/approval/strength in the male because she wants him to be able to bond with her children enough that he takes care of them.Men can cheat this system as well. Be appearing to be high status or "confident" males can trigger the instinctual attraction of a female. He can also alter his appearance to a certain degree. TL;DR you can fake being a Chad/Stacy to a certain degree, and the discrimination and irrationality of sexual selection cuts both ways. It's unfair to both sexes, but it's what exists and complaining about it isn't going to help you. You can complain that it's raining, or you can get an umbrella.
do you ever realize how stupid you look posting these stupid things? yes yes we know its da jewz and all that shit. we've know this since the 80s....shut up already
They want their partner to have their own fucking social life, go do their own thing. Not try to pamper them every day of the year for their entire life.Women hate guys who listens to them enables them by keep using them as emotional tamponsssssssshhhhhhhhhh................
Literally everyone goes to bars. A lot of them are both intellectual and witty.
there's no intellectually challenging girls on the face of this earthI do. I'm at UNSW doing my Masters in Geotechnical Engineering. The only girl I've met who was remotely intellectually challenging looked like she had down syndrome and if we weren't talking about pure math she couldn't hold a bar.I've observed that girls who are called intelligent are only seen this way because they've managed to master a single subject, or they're above average at a few subjects.
Furthermore, being "nice" is the dumbest shit you can do. You're not activating any of her instincts. Being quiet, deferential, and polite are indicators of low-status males. She wants a guy that will kill sabre tooth tigers with a club, she doesn't want someone who acts like a child. When you present yourself as a child, maternal instincts are activated. She will pat you on the head and send you on your way while she seeks out a male who actually has balls. When women say they want a "nice guy" they mean they want an alpha male with enough decency to not be a domestic abuser or a hotheaded idiot that constantly gets in fights. She will always sexually respond to the stronger male. Just as you will always respond to the more sexually appealing female. Monogamy and traditional alleviated the savagery of this system somewhat. But past the sexual revolution, marriage burnt to nothing and we pissed on the ashes. Am I saying this to make fun of you? No. Am I saying this to make you feel bad about yourself? No. I'm just urging you to accept reality. I know this system sucks and it's ridiculous. But so is making yourself a victim of this system.
Men can cheat this system as well. Be appearing to be high status or "confident" males can trigger the instinctual attraction of a female. He can also alter his appearance to a certain degree.Feminist are trying to have this approach classed as rape.
tfw I used to think this tfw current gf constantly fucks my shit up in argumentsI'm not sure how to feel about this. On one hand I appreciate it, on the other hand I hate feeling like a retard when she exposes a dumb belief I held on to.
article literally says "oy vey" in it
Feminists are authoritarians in disguise. They don't want equality, they don't want a healthy society. They're just not fucking interested in it.What they are interested in is stacking the odds in their favor. Has feminism ever considered the needs of the male? They've taken jobs from him, they've taken rights from him, and they've also tried to destroy his role in society. Why? Because deep down they realize what they are. Their pussies get wet when they see a strong man. When that alpha males speaks, they're going to listen. When he leads, they're going to want to follow. Feminists are reduced to sputtering rage when they get these feelings. Because they know what the natural order is. What they're seeking to do is to destroy this natural order. But they can't, they're just going to cause harm to society, and the robots who post here are the victims.
Women cannot have their cake and eat it too. A club swinging sabre tooth killing hunter alpha is more likely to beat, rape and murder his wife. They cant have him be an alpha douche to everyone around him and still be nice and loving to her.When women say they want a "nice guy" they mean they want an alpha male with enough decency to not be a domestic abuser or a hotheaded idiot that constantly gets in fightsDoesnt work that way.
Thank you.
A hard dick doesn't have a conscience, and neither does a wet pussy. Most women have weak wills and will justify retarded behavior because "that's what I felt." It's an excuse to not have to be responsible for their behavior. I'm well aware that it doesn't work that way. I was talking about the fact that people are hard-wired to do these things. Women are going to go for Jamal or Chad until the end of time, and she's also going to get a black eye for her trouble. Women don't understand the world in the way that men do. Trying to mash the sexes together to be the same thing is the worst thing a society can do.
One thing I find interesting is what a female actually classes as an alpha. See in an all male environment the hierarchy isnt also so cliched. When women become present the Alpha is simply the one the women believe IS the leader even if he isnt. Im in the military and Im 5ft4. Im good at my job, extremly fit and have the respect of my male counter parts. The ones who are below me in seniority and rank obey and respect me. We get along. However I find that whenever Im in a situation that involves women whether it be work related or social the hierarchy shifts. Ive actually be involved in some heated arguments with women at work over this, one girl even straight out said to me 'We dont obey you because your a short little angry loser! Matty is in charge and thats that!' My male colleagues didnt stand up for me, its like some spell was cast over them the whole time and they just accepted the new order of things. When the women left I retained my mantle in the pack. In terms of job skill, fitness and assertive qualities Ide say Ive got that over Mattu, he probably would too. He is however an adonis of a man.
I guess my point is that women go for what they perceive as Alpha and its usually all about how tall the guy is. He may be a cimplete pussy and there may be a smaller man with better leadership qualities an who in a hunter gatherer world would make a better hunter and sruvior. He however will never get to brred not matter how many sabre tooths he kills. Eventually hell break from the pack and just provide for himself. This ladies is gentleman is what the MGTOW movement is all about. Its not a bunch of angry virgins, its a bunch of under appreciated men with outdated traits and skills who dont want to assimilate and accept their positions in this current world.
This ladies is gentleman is what the MGTOW movement is all about. Its not a bunch of angry virgins, its a bunch of under appreciated men with outdated traits and skills who dont want to assimilate and accept their positions in this current world.This. Beta Exiting now.
My main point was that the selection was not a conscious or rational decision. This is all lizard brain stuff. Also trying to understand women in male's terms is going to drive you insane.
Women will always need men more than men need women. Just walk away.
Pretty much why I checked out of society years ago. The skills I have and talent I possess is of no use in this modern society. So I keep to myself and focus on what I enjoy. And sadly I see more and more males doing this as time has gone on. I have 1 male friend is actually within 5 months ran past me outta society after society basically used him as an example of girls are awesome and you are penis. he cleared it all up but he learned how quick society would toss him under a bus to protect a female that wasnt honest at all.I focus on my vigilante rooftop battle gear and he works on his k5 empire.But I have no place in my life for women and I doubt that will change since ive seen this building since the late 90s and it's only gotten out of control since. I can be accused of rape and my whole life and rep ruined and anyone questioning the females version is called a rape apologist or other bullshit.I refuse to be a victim just by existing
How, exactly, do you "check out" of society?
I live on the bare min. I work alot of hours and spend very little money on things. I dont waste it on bars and I dont partake of alot of society. I pretty much work mind my business and go home and work on my vigilante rooftop gear fo when I finally lose it and get my self killed playing batman.til than I just dont let society tell me what I need to do and what I am if I dont.I wont get married I wont have kids I wont do alot of things society deems a requirement of adulthood.and i'll wear the proud to be a manchild shirt while doing it. Hell I have enough spare time I bought a home gym setup and it's in my attic. Getting in shape and reading and learning what Ican and basically becoming the man I want to be not the man society says I have to be.
Unless you go completely into the woods you don't completely check out. Most people just stop attempting to date or participate in social events. And they're typically not missed, because there's always another thirsty beta willing to take his place. But if you're far enough gone, you don't really care.
Sounds like paradise to me.I often fantasize about living alone inside of a cabin in the woods during stressful times.Guess it's a coping mechanism or something. Think of complete freedom in a state of frenzied thinking.
Basically you start doing things for yourself and never to impress anyone else or seek validation from others. Sure you still work and have a career and work to your way up the ladder but overall you are doing it for yourself because you enjoy it.You stop nesting and buying useless shit just to seem 'normal' Couple of t shirts, pair of jeans, a nice suit, a lounge, TV, fridge. Basic amenities. The amount of times my parents have come over and said that my apartment needs to be jazzed up in case i bring a girl over. Why I would spend my hard earn money on some fens shay? bullshit furniture is beyond me. But most of all you stop giving power to women. I dont need to get laid to get ahead, I dont need sex to feel fullfilled. I can get pussy if I really want and thats all I need to know. Im not working for something when I can just jerk off to porn.
And they're typically not missed, because there's always another thirsty beta willing to take his place.This.
For me checking out started with the basic wow these chicks bring me more bullshit than good times I am done...Now I live as said on min and focus on my life and hobbies... you basically described my apartment and my parents reactions too. Almost none of my friends can really grasp that I dont want a lover or a wife or children and think it's a phase... im 36 it's not a phase. I buy and sell penny stock all day and I work good hours and I dont buy useless shit. A girl is the last thing I want or need. I enjoy oogling pantied asses all day but I have far more important shit to learn and accomplish.I noticed I keep running into more and more people like you and the others posting in this thread..no idea why I replied to you to add more
You're an introvert. That's your mind telling you to find a quiet place. It will open your eyes about why you feel the way that you do.
It's mostly women that cause men to consume more than necessary.
Thats my point.
Is being a nice guy the same as being a decent human being? I'm confused. Am I supposed to go out of my way to make women feel like shit so they'll sleep with me?
Is being a nice guy the same as being a decent human being?No. But how women perceive this is entirely up to them and subject to their hormone levels on the day.

Who in their right mind finds sociopaths and rude pieces of shit attractive?Son, it's time you learned about military women.

fucking everyone I end up in a 4chan argument withYou're telling me you dont?
i'm glad someone else noticed.
They're attracted to big butts/breasts/hips because these are indicators that the woman can bear childrenBut what if i like flat chested women?
Why do you bother nitpicking? It won't help you stand out here not to mention it doesn't change the point he's making.
I am a man.He claims men are attracted only to big butts and big breasts.I am not.Ergo, that argument is wrong. I am absolutely sure i am not the only one with this preference.
You're a low test beta faggot.
its like some spell was cast over them the whole time and they just accepted the new order of thingsfucking normies
Im in the military and Im 5ft4.I'm so sorry
normiedailyno.
Kek, I'm not even a fucking /pol/ack, but it's uncanny how every fucking time the kikes are behind this degenerate shit.
women are unevolved animals
this is why dudes join ISIS
Ergo, that argument is wrongThe world is black and white and being an exception to the rule means that rules don't exist.
Homosexuals exist. Their sexual attraction is not based on reproduction. Ergo, that argument is wrong because how can homosexuality exist when sexual attraction is based on mating potential?
It's not a specific trait, you're attracted to what you perceive as healthy breeding potential. Some guys like chubby women, some like women with long legs. And I was speaking in general terms. Of course there's exceptions and outliers. Some people jack off to horses.
Not after getting shitfaced because Chad was buying them drinks all night.
reason 1: they're whores
we love the dangerhahahaha and these are the whores that complain about being held down and fucked by chads. rape is karma personified
You're stereotypingproceeds to stereotype all betas at once
Well can anyone explain to me HOW you aren't a nice guy?Like what are some behaviours you could adopt, things you could say, that make you the opposite of "nice guy"?
I will always be nice. Treat others how you yourself would want to be treated. Being a nice person does not mean being weak.
Why? It doesnt affect me doing my job. Like I said its only a problem when vaginas rock up and turn the men against me.
You have no idea mate. I've been a reptile alien tier conspiracy theorist for 10 years, and I still can't figure out how and why it is always the fucking kikes. It's like a movie script where they're written as the badguys.
To these whores it means you are. Probably because daddy wasn't nice and now all men need to be as good or even better than daddy.I really think if you had a shitty childhood and start affecting people's life in a bad way without ever redeeming yourself  seeking therapy or getting through it yourself , you should be shot.These people their life from 18 to 45 is a whole fucking mess because of it and they bring down lots of people with them.They're a huge burden and cost for everyone.
that make you the opposite of "nice guy"Having a 6 pack.
its not just the heebs, bro. its just the "sensitive soul" types that want to force everyone to dance to their tune. this coming from a chaotic good person from a religious background. life is about choice and these bleeding hearts don't want to allow anyone to make it the wrong way. also about that marriage equality thing.. why do people think divorce rates are so high? people aren't content anymore with a single partner. they aren't willing to make sacrifices, and especially women have a hard time understanding that their wants and needs don't outweigh anyone else's
Except modern society isn't a bunch of tents with hunting and gathering as our source for food... If anything civilization is the form of human organization that NEEDS beta men more than it does alpha men. All members need to be productive and participate.
If anything civilization is the form of human organization that NEEDS beta men more than it does alpha men.Yes. You still need men keeping the trains running, the toilets flushing, and the lights burning. You also need them to die for you in war.When enough men check out, what do you think will happen?
Most men won't check out.Men either spend their free hours battling it out in vast, unproductive “Who’s the Sexiest?” competitions for privileged access to a veritable harem of vaj  or in /r9k/ terms: manlet cut off points, dick sizes, primate tier flexing of muscles , or on the other end, working a basic job making just enough money to support and entertain themselves, or even going full NEET pissjugging neckbeard.
When enough men check out, what do you think will happen?This will never be a problem. Already there are too many people for the jobs we have, and automation is shrinking the required manpower every year.The thing that's scaring me is will they use this abundance to provide for everyone, creating the utopia that mankind has dreamed of since day one, or will they just start world war 3 and kill the surplus males?As someone who's already been made redundant by the ever encroaching future, I really hope it's not the one where they kill me.
Let's be honest, I would never date a woman who reads elitedaily anyway. Not specifically for that reason, but because the kind of girls who read these sites are trash to begin with.
I don't think this article applies to a lot of us. I don't think that /r9k/ has many "nice guys". I think "nice guys" browse websites like reddit. I think we're just bitter assholes who want to drop out of society not because women won't sleep with us but because society is shit and there's no chance of it getting better.
Here's another sobering article:
Are you shills or something? How do you even stumble across an article like this in the first place?
there is women no way act like that
It was linked to from another article I read.
I think that's silly, my good looking nice friends do well with girls, my nasty good looking friends do well with women. I honestly don't think nice is a hindrance, it's just when unnatractive people try to rely on being nice that it doesn't work. tfw im not even a nice person
it's just when unnatractive people try that it doesn't work.ftfy
Fair. Both statements are true.
It's all about the definition of "nice". Even if you're good looking if you're putting women on a pedestal and acting like they're the best thing in the whole world and you're there to worship them - that's super unattractive. But the betas think that's "being nice".
clickbait trash article spawns 100+ reply /r9k/ threadWhy?
ignoring all people means you're specifically not being nice to [particular subgroup]Well, by technicality, yeah; but I'm not acting maliciously towards anyone eithern
IDS HABENIGG
Nice guys compliment there grills a bit Take them on dates but not afraid to stand there ground Hold them dont talk shit to other girls or keep side hoes on the scene Play fights with girls Teases and jokes with girls Gets a lot of woman "Nice" guys clingy as fuck "baby u are so beautiful your heavenly beauty radiates my very being with the pressence of your flawless kneecaps alone Never talks to grill in person, just clings to her side Afraid to play fight or even make a single joke to a girl Doesnt act confident Gets zero pussy Spergs out and goes apeshit and calls grill a slut Know the differences guys
I'm a nice guy and I won't change. As long as you're not oblivious/retarded it's also a good way to filter through decent girls and total cunts. Total cunts will think "nice = doormat" and try to take advantage right away. Decent ones will just appreciate it and are more likely to open up to you.
because this is /r9k/not exactly the brightest bulbs here
Friend needs me to help him move houseYou're a top bloke, always there for a mateFriend needs me to help her move houseYou're putting pussy on a pedestal bro you know she's not gonna fuck you for this right why do you think that being nice entitles you to sex I know your sort
I guess "AY YO BBY U WUN SUM FUCK" is an intellectual challenge if you're a woman.
it's biology's faultAre women this stupid?"We know we're doing it wrong, but let's not even try"
Damn you, biology!kek
in a tragic twist of fate, the assholes rare now breeding assholesYES! They're outright admitting it! Admitting that their reproductive choices fuck society in the ass! And admitting what they actually like in men! Not even the most fedorable M'Lady White Knight can deny this shit anymore!Women's sexual preferences have not had time to catch up with the modern world, so they're still mentally living in a primal, pre-society world, and so they'll select men who will thrive in those kinds of societies. Beta men, who must work to provide value to society since they don't provide natural genetic value,are culled from the population. The population of men will gradually become more aggressive and dominant. Look at the black community in the U.S if you want to see the future of the nation overall. The black community is very matriarchal, which of course leads to single motherhood and fatherless children. Read the 1965 Moynihan Report.Gentler, more cooperative men i.e. betas that form the foundation of a stable civilized society are selected less often by women. After all, just as highly domesticated animals cannot survive in the wild, neither can highly domesticated men.When women select men based on these obsolete instincts, they essentially push the human species back into time. We've only gotten to where we are by controlling female sexual selection, which was honed over millions of years to favor one kind of man, and one kind of society. Arrogant, impulsive, irrationally self-confident men will replace the quiet intellectuals whose achievements pushed the modern world forward, and civilization collapses.Letting women choose who they fuck and spawn with, and funding their bad decisions with a welfare state supplied by Beta taxes, is going to send us the way of Rome.
Yesterday I was at a restaurant with family. I was checking out the hostess the whole time. Great ass. When we left I noticed from outside that my dad was talking to her. He came out and told me that "Brittany" said it was okay for me to ask for her number. I didn't. As horny as I am I just didn't care. I saw it as a new host of problems and jumping through hoops and keeping up appearances and towing some social line for her constant approval. It just didn't seem worth the hassle. I went home last night, masturbated to porn, and it was great. I've breached a whole new level of apathy.
You sound like a bitter virgin tbh what's the matter mommy never love you lol get a load of this guy over here let's spit at him!I really really wish the things you were saying weren't true...
getting mad about 4chan memes on 4chanYou're either fairly new, have anger issues, or this is b8.If you can't handle the bantz, you should leave :
He came out and told me that "Brittany" said it was okay for me to ask for her number.I can't pinpoint why this makes me rage, but I feel the anger behind my eyeballs.
Sentences that make you feel. I'll start:You have chosen to live your only life this way.
not really. I was born into a shitty house that gave me problems
Some people have more success by the age of 20 than you would have in 10 lifetimes
In a thread yesterday some anons told me it was my choice not to have a home and it was my fault I was raped;_;
Hush. Normies hate it when people dare to suggest that the reasons for one's misfortunes might be not as simplistic as 'it's all your fault'.
cry about it
Nobody chooses their life.Your life is forced upon you.
Depression is a choice.
I did last night.
yeah, people just take their depress pills because they love self inducing it that much
Why are the normies so averse to this way of thought? Is it because they feel it invalidates their successes? Or does the thought that our lives are largely predetermined actually sadden them to the point that they put it out of their heads and ridicule those that subscribe to it?
Women over 25 are old hags.
Because ignorance is bliss.Also, a quote from a thread a day or two ago."They say you have two deaths. One when your body becomes lifeless and another when your name is said for the last time. I suppose I'm waiting for my body to catch up."
That was then and this is nowstop being such a faggot
How does this give you feels?Of course the statement is true, we live the way we do because that is the way we want to live.I feel no feels from that, just a motivation to change.
the past is not a part of your life
Those are good guesses, but basically, it is a certain sociocultural momentum. Normies, being empathetic, like to make others feel better, and assertion that 'your life depends on YOU, yes YOU, YOU can make it better' does just that, usually. Parents say this to children, friends to friends. It's so common, violating it by pointing out to innate/immutable traits innate intelligence, innate sociability, early hurtful childhood experiences is frowned upon: 'you just want to be miserable, you just reject responsibility for your life'. People also don't like feeling hopeless, so they blow out of proportion the 'fact' that theoretically, you can always make your situation better. 'You're feeling miserable? Well do something about it and stop complaining.' They don't want to remember that the reality of my personality might be such, any resolutions to change myself for instance, to become happier I might undertake might be abortive, temporary, and negligible. And finally, there is lack of introspection, the degree to which one can empathize with, for instance, someone else's unwillingness to chat somebody up.
letting past events control your life negatively
Will those dreamlike days ever return?
Oh, and it is eventually rooted, at least partly, in conviction in equality. 'We're all equal', the normie says and believes, 'we might have had a slightly better or worse start, we might have slightly different initial potential, but you can catch up IF YOU ONLY TRY'. This way, when he convinces himself that whereas there are less and more able people, he doesn't have to think about the reasons of it about the balance of nature and nurture in ability or what it entails should there be separate schools for stupid and smart children?. This way, he can also avoid responsibility for offending others: he can't be accused of arrogance if he doesn't state that he's smarter than others.
In short, normies lack the emotional mettle that it takes to tell someone, 'nope, there is no way you can achieve as much as others or be as happy, and there's nothing you can really do about this'. They prefer to stay in their comfort zone... they comfort themselves by comforting others.
I had depression. This is true. It's all a fucking delusion. Once you realize it it's fucking easy to get out.
You are what you eatI should probably stop eating corporate shit
, 
ITT: Post stories about how you lost your friends.Be me yesterdayBe talking with only IRL friend on Messengerinb4 normiebook reeHim:"At least you aren't a faggot"Me: "That's debatable"Me: "I had a dream where I had gay sex with WubWoofWolf"Him: "I don't know you anymore"JUST
Graduated high schoolEveryone moved on
This, after hs is like people get sucked into a void
And nobody wanted to keep in touch with you? That's bad.
senior year of high schoolim the only one of my friends who doesnt get a girlfriendthey all leave me and never speak to me againi want to kill myself
had 1 friend in middle schoolHS comes alonghe moves away after freshman yearnever made another friend
you that brought it upon yourself faggot
You probably weren't very close to begin with. I still have my main friend group after high school
At least I was just being honest.
Well I moved alot as a kid. Never had a friend for more than a year.
0/10Past it on reddit
Sorry to hear that anon, I'm similar. I moved when I started high school and have pretty much known the same friends since 11th grade. All of my middle school friends are dead to me
What should I do now since I have no friends? I'm socially retarded and I can't talk to people.
have a girl best friend in high schoolactual best friendarguably the closest I've ever been with someoneobviously in love with herbring up my feelingsshe also has feelings for melinger in weird territory for a little whilerealizes she actually loves her bfno idea what she feels for menever been close againThis was a few years ago now and we see each other semi-regularly I guess. We're not close at all, we're actually distant and she's rude whenever she talks to me. Fuck off, man. She also used to browse the chans so maybe she'll read this. Fuck you Gina, why aren't we close anymore? How can two people who used to be so close, so in sync, just completely drift apart? I miss you a lot but I don't know if I like you anymore. Oh god everything hurts life is pain and sadness death is inevitable fuck this gay earth
Man I barely remember their names. I didn't even opt out for a year book seemed like a waste of money. Looking back on it now, wished I would've bought to at least have some memories of me with friends.
Well you have to talk to people. Go to school, join a club that you're interested in.
That's why all women are terrible.
I didn't mean for this post to have this agenda. It must be pretty horrible to be an attractive woman and every time you make a new friend, they fall in love with you and feel compelled to erase the entire relationship you've built. Friendship is not a one-sided thing anon, you have to learn how to appreciate other views.
Women are justo like that, something like that happened to me toó, she probably justo got bored, women can't maintain a friendship
I openly tell women I'm only into 2D so that's not a problem for me. But I tell a lot of stuff about my own problems and nobody wants to tell me about what's wrong with them. I just want to try to help someone and get my mind off my issues.
probably get called a normie for thisbe friends with guy older than me from 12-20had two gf's during this timethe long term one, I was cucked by a slavthe short term one, I found out I was being cucked by himnever speak to him againstop leaving my house and let anime and vidya absorb mesecure NEETbux a year agoonly phone contacts are mom and sisterkinda how I became a loser neet tbh lads
That's terrible. I thought that having no friends is not enough to become a NEET.
only have one friendwe met onlineknown for years, met him in person, flew to an entire different state to meet said friendonly there for 2 weeks best time of my lifewant to go live there but no money / etctrying to save up to go live with friend, going to become gym buddies together etctalk to him every day on skypebe last weekget a phone call at like 8am"whos this what do you want?""anon it's Toms brother, anon... tom was killed in a hit and run last night "what""i'm so sorry anon"why are you apologizing to me? you just lost a brother"i know how much you meant to each other, you were his real brother"sobs into phone"talk soon anon"I miss you so fucking much Tom, I have nothing left now. It hurts so bad.
Jesus Christ these feels... fuck
That must be really bad. Good for me that noone that I care for died yet. But it's not like I care about many people.
I'm only 5 days older then this dude.vidya hardcore togetherhighscool bros together.both losers but, more my brother to me than my real brother.After highschool.Hardly see eachother.I move on.Dude stays with his parents.I find other interests become semi normieHe starts going bald around 20.I travel and get laid a few times. REEEHe sports a fedora.Time drifts us apart.Terrible. Feels sad man.
You could be still friends with him if you stayed a loser.
nobody actually cares for honesty. it took me 6 years to learn this. your ideals can and will get crushed by reality if you dare to use them
join a clubNo clubs at school and I hate doing stuff that is not obligatory. I'm a loser that prefers to play vidya at home.
Then what's the point of having friends?I will probably die alone D:
I'm even more pathetic than Tomoko now.I'm not Cebruz
friends cousin groups other friend who is her "bff"other friend is passive little mousefriends other cousin calls other friend who is his gf a retarded both for bringing it up to him everyone pissed for almost two monthstell friend that her cousin dropped her BFF friend who is blood relatives with the cousins gits mad and tries to defend her cousins no one invites her anywhere nowno one talks to her nowmfw she dug her own grave
Best friend of 16 yearsPlay video games, watch anime/moviesHead out for a drink over weekendsRather big social circle, shit was greatBest friend got job at game at 16Got into the wrong crowd, was stealing from the placeWas cool at first, experienced vidya before releaseGot caught, ended up going to caught and paying off fees, was obviously firedAfter this, got more into drugsIt was happening, he was getting worse, if only I'd seen it.Queue a couple of years, he lies all the time, has been stealing from certain peopleOther friends hate his guts, have to see him in secretEventually went to Spain to see his mother, was meant to be a week holidayDisappeared for over a year, rarely got to talk to him over facebookWas so fucking happy when heard he was flying back, drove to the airportWaited 3 hours to find out he got arrested the moment he landed, for stealing money from one of my friends before leaving the countryTurns up to my house next day, don't care about the issues, just so fucking happyTry to go back to the old days, but see him a lot less, would lie a lot about coming round, become less likely to the point I wasn't even sure anymoreFind out he owed people £3-4k, try to help himHe was at this point helping a school friend of ours who'd lost his legs and arm whilst in the army a week away from leaving.[cont]
be 11-12, super smash brothers melee just came outthought captain falcon was the greatest thing since sliced bread, went through a phase of trying to be like himhanging out with friends at schoolkeep trying to talk about smash bros but they tell me it sucks and to go awayi run awayrealise that a bench is close enough to my friends that i could jump off it at them and scare them with a pretend a surprise attack as my revengesprint towards the bench, jump off it and yell 'falcon punch' across the school as i jump towards my friends, winding up a massive punch in mid-air, meaning to barely miss one of themaccidentally punch him square in the face while falling and shattering my kneecapblood EVERYWHERE, both crying and taken to hospitalboth get suspension, even though friend didn't do anythinghad to move schools after that, never played melee again but i couldnt trust myself to have friends anymore
Start a vidya club.
friends exist so you have someone to do stuff with. they dont need to know your every awful thought you have.would you be ok if your friend tells you out of the blue that he has gay dreams about your ass? AT LEAST HE'S BEING HONEST!you are a hypocrite who is insulated by your own lack of life experience. you hide behind honesty to prop up your superiority complex so you can safely retreat to r9k and call others chads and normies.basically, you're exactly like me. welcome.
Everyone in my school has shit taste and plays only Skyrim or CS:GO.
She's dating some guy she just met.She chose him over me, her friend of several years.Fucking cold bitch. We'll see if he's there for you like I was next time you get debilitating anxiety and end up being hospitalised again.And she still has the nerve to say she 'misses me' and 'wants to hang out'. Yeah, clearly you don't want it that much.
would you be ok if your friend tells you out of the blue that he has gay dreams about your ass? AT LEAST HE'S BEING HONEST!My friends could tell me anything and I would be fine.
even if they were fucking with you?
Who says I want a female friend?
Everything seemed fine, I guess. It wasn't perfect but I was seeing my best friend at leastAt this point essentially lost a lot of my other friends, become a complete shut inOnly until he'd come about then we'd enjoy ourselves againLend him my 360 one day because he's babysitting his younger siblings and has nothing to doSay sure, never use it anywayDon't see it for over a month, ask about it because I want to play the new Dynasty WarriorsKeeps saying he'll get it back to meManage to get onto his facebook one day, see his messages that he'd sold it to cash convertersLost my mind, had work that day, they sent me home because I seemed entirely out of itTell parents, advise I go to the police, so eventually I do.He pleads not guilty, court case timeAs it looms closer to the date, it gets delayed, wonder whyHis mother died in a car crash in Spain 2 days before the caseFind it hard to believe, eventually come to realise it's actually trueFeel even worse, but get told to keep on with the case when it gets moved forwardDay comes, haven't spoken with him since, but can't bare to now knowing that his mother is dead, no one deserves that.Confesses guilty on the day just before having to stand in court against himSay my apologies for his mother, hopefully can start on mending the friendship, maybe it was a wakeup call.Slowly try to work back into what things used to beIt was never going to happen, but at this point I was hopeless, I ignored a lot of shit I got from people.'Hah we told you so! Your own fault for trusting the idiot!'Like they even know what its like to lose a best friend like thisWhatever, I'm working now, look forward to the times we do see each otherCome Christmas, dad goes away for 2 weeks to our other house, I stay at home, and spend the entire time playing vidya since holiday off work.He comes round, we watch the new hobbit movie, play vidya and have a laugh.[cont]
As long as he's not trying to rape me I'm fine. No, I don't want gay sex, I just had gay thoughts and I admit that.
Nice way to make it about you
alright, have fun with your worldview that assumes everyone is the same as you.
There has to be a couple that play street figher, and table top card games
Also I can't start a conversation. I can't ask people things.
shattered knee after a Falcon PunchOh the irony
HI HEY THERE HOW YA DOIN
Why?
I haven't heard anyone talking about any good vidya. It's hard to call them gamers because CS:GO is literally a shit tier normie game that i can't stand.
I distance myself from them whenever they start reciprocating. It's strange but hard to help, and I've done it for the longest time. Whenever I finally manage to snag someone's internets, it's as if their value is lowered in my eyes. I'm not sure if this reflects on my subconscious thoughts of myself or what, but I have to voluntarily notice it and push past it for each new person.
He seemed inteligent and he helped me last time when I needed help, so I wouldn't think he would do this to me.
Please stop snagging the internets
wait, so you've told him about your gay dreams before? jfc
I wouldn't even notice you. I pretend that others don't exist.Probably autism.
No, I had a gay dream once I think, but it's the only dream I remember so I'm not sure.
social anxiety m8. autism means you're legit fucked in the head. If you're able to talk normally through text you're probably normal in the brainpan as well
Lol*interests
I talked to a legit autist and we share a lot of traits. I'm really convinced I'm autistic.
Find out the christmas money I had from my mum was missingHe was the only one that had been to the houseTry to make excuses for myself, maybe I lost it, or dropped itChecked fucking everywhere 3 times over, nothingCall him round like normal, confront him about it, denies everything and leavesFast forward 5 months, urge to speak to him comes around againQueue the same shit all over again, like a broken fucking recordIt still makes me somewhat happy thoughTry to just get on with it and ignore past things, maybe he's just a kleptomaniacMake myself believe that its my fault for leaving it out like thatEventually find out another case that he'd stolen £88k from the friend he was looking after and his fianceThough the police keep extending the case never actually arresting himActually believe he had nothing to do with it, otherwise he'd be in jail by nowHope to fucking god that it's something to do with his fiance instead, as horrible as it soundsUntil one dayGo to work like a usual friday morningGlad it's almost the weekend, had just earned a bonus of £500, had been working at the place for 2 years nowMoney was sat at my computer desk, didn't think anything of it, seemed save enoughGet home envelope still there, grab a drink and play some vidyaCome sunday, go to get some money out to find the envelop is emptyFind out from neighbours someone with the description of my best friend entered the house around 9amOur door was a finger-print scanner/code like thing, not unlikely he'd of seen me put the code in numerous timesHe'd come in and taken the money whilst I was at workCompletely fucking lost it, cut any ties before I did something I'd regretfind out couple months later my best friend was found guilty for the 88k stolen and went to jail for a yearAt the time found out his girlfriend was pregnant[cont]
Go find out
This as well.Except...It wasn't them that moved on. I did. My interest changed overtime. I became depressed and slowly cut off all my school friends.Story about losing another friend of mine:Best friends for 4 yearsWe talk about almost everything from violence to guns to gore to mainstream pornFind out about a certain imageboardStarts sending him JB/questionable nudesHe gets pissed and never talks to me again.I fucked up. I think he hates me till this day but he was my best friend I've ever had. I really miss him.
I will in a couple of years. I want to wait a bit.
Found out he's recently gotten out of jail, hadn't heard anything before, assumed he'd died in jail.STILL somehow have some urge to call him regardless of being a fucking broken messFind no joy from friendships anymore, have insane trust issues, and have a bleak attitude on lifeHave no interest in a career or future, and just feel like im drifting by without any real control over myselfLosing that friend has essentially destroyed me, he was the only one that never gave a fuck what I was into, and vice-versa. We would just hit up vidya, get drunk and shut out the rest of the world. Now it's this crushing fucking loneliness.Ofcourse its my fault i'm like this, but it was my best fucking friend, man. I wanted to believe that things would work out, that just maybe life would cut a fucking break.Instead i'm the weird shut-in that needs to 'lighten up' and 'enjoy life', in a world full of people I can no longer really face and have no interest in talking to, because it'll just be the same all over again.Everyone else is moving on with their lives anyway, getting married, having kids, working towards a career, and I'm still stuck at square one, i'd rather not have people look down on me, so it's just better to fade away entirely.
wait, so how do you even know this guy's your friend? actually fuck that, nigga if i told any of my friends for the last seven years this shit they'd either shrug and never bring the topic up again or sever. that is not normal shit to say to anyone, wtf. in which fucking universe do you relate your fucking sex dreams to people? you know what, this guy probably had no issues with gay people per se, but you being a fucking weirdo and telling someone you barely know this shit over facebook sends some weird fucking vibes, my nigga. think about that shit.autists have no social skills either. it's a weird kind of trap. however if you're convinced that you're uncurable then more power to you m8
friends exist so you have someone to do stuff withI hardly ever did stuff with friends. That's probably because I stay at home all time.
lol
someone you barely knowI knew him since we were like 6. And I'm pretty weird.
you never even played video games or anything with them? that's kinda fucked, what exactly is your criteria for friendship?
I played some vidya with him, but maybe like 3 times and it's hard to get with him in touch.
by "know him", you mean that you've been talking to him since you were 6? When did he help you out?
friend is white nationalistnot jokingstop talking to them instantlywelp
He helped me like last month and we knew each other since we were 6. And by "helped me" I mean he came over to my house and talked to me because I didn't have a conversation in a year.
man idk what to tell you but that guy isn't really your friend. if that shit counted the kids I hung out with and played SSBM with in middle school would still be part of my social circle when they're obviously not.He "helped you" by talking to you? wtf that sounds creepy as shit, please elaborate.that sucks man
Mfw high school dropoutMfw home schooled half of elementary schoolMfw college dropoutAlways moving around from one situation to the next. I have no idea how to make and keep friends
A childhood friend matched me on tinder and I sperged out and she blocked me
In that case I never had any friends. And you can go insane if you don't talk to anyone for a long time. I was about to go insane when he helped me. Now I don't have anyone.
lol. at least you took the shot m8
I guess so. I just wish things had turned out differently between us sometimes.
yeah you can. I spent like a week straight without leaving my dorm room once, and I started getting paranoid as fuck and panic attacks and shit. Shit's fucked you should get all the socialization you can.HOWEVER THAT IS NOT AT QUESTION HERE.Dude unless you happen to have some hidden nugget of info you withheld until now you basically got waaaaay too familiar with someone who took pity on you and talked to you. At least that's the impression I'm getting from our talk. There will be other opportunities, believe me. It all well some of it depends on whether you've learned from your mistake here.Here's a good guideline: no sex talk. ever. if your friend initiates it's all good but do not bring shit up yourself, especially if you're a virgin and/or look like one. This is not the end-all be-all of socialization but it's like a talking 101 rule you seem to have missed.hthyeah and i wish that things had been different with the one girl i really loved but frankly at least i found out that i was capable of loving someone. that knowledge is at least worth something.
When I talk in my native language my grammar is weird and I think I'm fucked in the head.
no sex talkHe kinda did bring it up. Read OP.
had to stop drinkingcannot socialise without alcohol
can you make this less ambiguous?
Sucks to lose friends but that guy sounds like a shithead, I dont think you missed out, childhood friend or not.
self-esteem issues. tbh anxiety is such a huge general topic that almost any social issues can be generalized as it. I used to have a stutter in grade school, and also referred to everyone as "dude" because I didn't want to pronounce anyone's name weird.you can work past these weird social tics, but that takes a lot of talking to other people and a healthy mindset for reflection, something that may be in short supply among robots. Medication can be dangerous, but it's definitely effective. Ultimately the choice is yours.that's the truly amazing part. He half-jokingly asked if OP was gay using a slur and OP gave a completely serious reply. I'm really not sure if it's possible to misread the situation harder.
There will be other opportunitiesThere would be if I was able to talk to anyone.
self-esteem issuesThisHe half-jokingly asked if OP was gay using a slur and OP gave a completely serious replyThat's one of the reasons why I think I have autism
you got that guy to talk to you. protip 90% of my socializing happens over steam. Most of my friends I play videogames with, and meet up with only occasionally due to them being in uni and all over the place.The most dedicated group of friends I've had for the last 3 years I found almost completely by accident through an invite to a modding group on steam. You can find friends through the internet. I was also an extremely autistic 16 year old at the time who used full capitalization and punctuation on Steam and eventually grew out of it. You can, and you fucking will find people.lacking social skills is not the same as being autistic. honestly you MIGHT be autistic but it's not a guarantee. I have issues understanding emotional and conversation cues, but that's because I don't spend a lot of time socializing. Social skills are just that, SKILLS, as in you can work at them and refine them. This means making mistakes, but more importantly it means LEARNING from your mistakes. Don't be afraid of making mistakes. Post here, post on /soc/, post on reddit, post wherever, but just ask if you feel that you fucked up. Don't rob yourself of a learning experience.
why are you apologizing to me? you just lost a brother"i know how much you meant to each other, you were his real brother"so fucking gay
I have some friends on osu but there's no chance that we'll ever meet up IRL. It's fucking hard for me to talk to people.
kek
yeah there's no chance I'll meet with any of my steam friends IRL. Why do you care about meeting up IRL? talk on skype or some shit. honestly IRL interaction can be much much shittier than online, it's kind of hard to ignore people who are being dicks and shitty people in general IRL. Also social anxiety comes to play which is how I can type paragraphs of shit on r9k but be mostly silent IRL.Baby steps, man. Baby steps.
I can talk to people online, but they probably see me as a weirdo.
redditI only browse r/mechanicalkeyboards because I'm in the master race.
yeah they probably do. I think you're a weirdo. I'm a weirdo too. Congratulations, we're all weirdos!Context is important breh. If you're playing your anime rhythm game, the weirdo allowance is probably going to be a lot higher than it is, say, in a sports bar. The most important part of this is to find friends who YOU like. you don't need to tell them EVERYTHING even my steam friends don't know about my anime collection, and I'm not even into the weird moe shit but they should at least be entertaining.If you're wondering why I say this, or you think I'm telling you to settle for people lower than you, remember that your friends are your support network. Make friends with people who understand your problems, trying to pretend to be someone you're not ie overdoing it can be really exhausting and lead to resentment. One advantage of your policy of "honesty" is that you'll almost instantly turn off anyone who can't handle you. The problem is that there's very few people who can or WANT to handle you, maybe your parents excepted.tl;dr: everyone's a weirdo, make friends with them.
maybe your parents exceptedI really don't get along with them. It's hard to find people who tolerate me.
same bro. For me it's more of increasing exasperation with how my life is going after dropping out of university, although ironically I've become less of an asshole to them recently. My parents are kind of shitty people, objectively speaking, but they're cool with me and let me live in their house and eat their food so I can't really complain.if you have any problems/questions with any of my 4AM effort/shitposting pls ask
Why did you drop out?
because I was skipping class and staying in my room. I basically gave up after failing both my math courses first semester and stopped giving a shit entirely, went into a depressive spiral. I'm somewhat better at home. At least I'm not spending any money.
it should be noted for the record that i did go see a counselor during this time. i also had a lot of weed, that made me kind of nauseous but also prevented me from feeling depressed a lot of the time
I guessed it was because of people, but you surprised me.
mfw this is literally word for word happening to me right nowmfw maths exam in 1 hourHe probably skipped classes because of people, I did.
had the best friend cirlce of 2 other guys I was close to and friends with for a whileBanter, vidya, school, pot, ouija /x/ shit, even were ponyfags for a timewould roam outdoors at night, innawoods stuff, stay indoors and fuck around on xbl on hacked consoles or whatever, listen to music and towards the end even started making itall 100% in sync and just a good crew of people, only real friends I ever hadget gfnot long after, front neglect and carelessness one of the friends gets in trouble with his parents for smoking his house out highschool aged by this time and I get known as a drug lord for messaging him about weed and making LSA teadon't think much of it at first, and enjoy the cunt of a gf I hadafter a while she gets board or something and leaves, devastated me at the timebasically stopped their lives with my bitching and moping that after 3 months they just kinda stopped talking to me, then turned into a kind of hatred, then subdued back into just being distanttried to talk to them a couple months later, and a couple weeks after that, ignored for the most parta full year since I got gf and by that point I was just not in contact with them, every now and then someone will say how I was still refereed to as friend but never was seen with themhs ends and I completely lost contact with them, developed a terrible benzo problem, witch turned into an even more nastier opiate problem."fine" now, drugs aren't being used as much, just escaping into the vidya and music we used to share inI don't make friends easily, I especially don't make friends as close as they were, I miss you guys. Friendless as of now.moral of the story, be aware and look for the signs and signals that lead to the dead end I hit, but early on can be avoided deleting our texts about drugs, not being caught up in a cunt gf and even if you think you love some grill, it's not worth loosing a close friendships
At least I'm not failing at school.
Lovely A+ girl I'm friends withReligious conservative Get a long great. Enjoy being her friend. Get really close to each otherShe goes to a partyShe has a boyfriendGets black out drunk and kisses her girl-friendTells me aboutCan never shake the thoughtThings never the same againDrift apartI bet this wouldn't have happened if I never started browsing 4chan.
I bet this wouldn't have happened if I never started browsing 4chan./r9k/ in a nutshell
Almost everyone I met in uni was a piece of shit but I didn't really let it get to me. One of my roommates was pretty cool, at least. The others were some perma-prozaced 2nd year who was also the RA and some autistic french guy who decided that everything should only be done his way.almost all of my classes had 100+ people in them. There were a few classes were I sat next to stereotypical chads/chadettes but it never really bothered me, even the ones who I knew and mutually disliked.Are you going to pass? If you know 90% certainty or more that you're going to fail, don't go and look at your options for counseling. My counselor was kind of a bitch and the sessions were fairly useless by themselves, but it got me thinking about my mental state and why I acted the way I did. It really got me thinking about my life and why I wasn't as happy as any of my friends and why I was so lacking in life experience. It put me on the path to getting my mental health evaluated, which is currently the only thing keeping me from giving a shit about living or dying.
wat r u even tryna say m8?
so you're friends with a girl and stop being friends? lol lets be real did you have a chance with her?
tfw no matter how packed the lecture room is I'm always the only person on the row of tables I sit ontfw course has a facebook group for everyone and they denied me accessI'm almost certainly going to fail, but I'm doing it anyway.I know my uni looks over our results and decides whether to offer us retakes in august so I'll just pray for mercy.If I have to I would even try and re-take the year.tfw would forever be that guy who retook foundation
get friend from Japan on steamthat friend claims that he is femaleook I dont carehad great time with her talked about a lot of thingseveryday I wasted 8hrs speaking with herSee on news Fukushima things didnt care muchtime flies she is offline 150 daysme still waiting for her to get onlinewait, wait, wait she is still offlineAlready passed 2 -3years I dont want to log in on steam. ;_;I miss you...........
I don't want to write lengthy stories and bore you guys to death. Point is, I lost 2 of my best friends of several years. I have serious trust issues now, and it's much, much worse with women. I don't think I can fully commit to a relationship be it with a friend, or a real one with a girl ever again.
what did you do
What did I do about what?
to be ostracized
I isolate myself from my class because I can't stand people. What should I do?
are you in high school
Funny thing is that I literally didn't do anything.I spoke to 2 people on my course because of a group project half way through the year, and that was purely about work.I'm certain that nothing I did would reveal me to be an autist.Guess I just failed to make friends and became a black sheep.Not one person ever tried to talk to me.asks the guy who is involuntarily ostracisedshit nigga idk
Education system in Poland is different.
lol shit nigga. go talk to faculty about this shit, that's really fucked up. how big is your class? in mine it was almost impossible to be by yourself unless you made an effort to sit all the way at the back.since you didn't answer here's both:in highschool you're kind of fucked. just deal with it as best you can and watch anime or whateverin college people will generally stay away from you. this is easier in STEM fields tho since autists tend to congregate
watch animeI can't find nothing interesting now.
then i guess you're fucked
how big is your class?40~1 girl in the classgaymur gurrrlmfw she gets fawned over by the entire classNo point going to faculty about it, nothing they can do.It's a social thing, can't be changed.The facebook group thing is just the crystallisation of it, which is irrelivent since my exam in an hour is the last academic thing this year.Honestly though, it was fucking soul crushing.after the first semester I pretty much started to go to one in 5 math lectures and all my programming lectures, the rest I ditched.tfw in one class I sat downgroup of people walk in"that kids in our seats"they stare at me for a good 30 seconds muttering to themselves before sitting in front of me and browsing redditall I wanted was a small group of friends I could chill with while hereinstead I'm cripplingly alone and basically avoided like the plaguetfw I actually tried
oh, 40 people? shit that's tiny. sorry bro there isn't much you can do if you're not going to snitch.also just be aware that if someone says something like "he's in our seat" and you don't move, they're going to interpret it badly. Being prepared to not give a fuck means being prepared to be the outcast.Also what do you mean by "you tried"? You said that you "literally didn't do anything" except talk to 2 people about a group project.
That's terrible. In my case people even try to talk to me but just can't anwser them. And there's one Stacy that makes me nervous when she's around and last time she was close to me I stopped moving for half an hour.
damn son. take some xanax or something
they're going to interpret it badly.This was in the third semester, the damage was done by then.At that point I was just wanted to give them the metaphorical middle finger.Regarding that I tried.When I said I didn't do anything, I meant anything autistic.For the first 10~ lectures I tried to meet people, get along with them.I was polite, made sure the conversations weren't awkward or anything like that.Even walked home with a guy once after he was like "oh I'm heading back to dorms, you coming?" but the next lecture he pretended like it never happened.It's like a conspiracy against me or something.After those 10 there was nothing I could do without looking desperate so I just stopped initiating and hoped someone might initiate on me. They didn't.
You're completely sure nothing happened? The weird thing is in university people tend to be less clannish. Your class size is really small for a first year class though so idek. Remember that even the best of intentions can be misinterpreted.
conspiracyThat's your problem. You must be paranoid or something.
Would anyone like me to share a long winded friend feel?
xanaxNo jew pills for me, please.
if you need to get it off your chest, go ahead. i doubt you'll get a lot of replies right now tho
how do you propose solving your crippling social anxiety, ser robot? It doesn't HAVE to be xanax, it can be kratom or weed or a racetam or picamilon or whatever tickles your autistic pickle. Don't get caught up in labels.
Honestly, I was incredibly scrutinous of how I acted. If I had done something wrong I'm pretty fucking sure I would have realised by now.Can't think of anything.I only feel this way after it's all happened, that had no effect on it at the time.
weedLiterally normie tier drug./reddit/
Fair enough. There's no way for me to know unless I knew what you said and how they reacted.I apologize for mentioning weed. It's helped me some but it's also hurt me in equal measure.Would you mind answering my question?
I don't know how.Also, congrats on getting dubs twice in a row.
The strangest part is that I'm in the archery society, and I got to know a guy there who was in my course.We got along well for like a week, he is even the one who referred my profile to that facebook group but then after our next coding lecture he suddenly went cold on me.I didn't even fucking speak to him in the lecture, it doesn't make any sense.
my protip is don't be afraid to be an over eager faggot. A lot of people are more autistic than you think so you can't rely on them to react in a predictable way.
Thanks for answering honestly.The way I see it, I've never been socially successful, but it's a lifestyle I'd like to try. I can't condemn a lifestyle that I haven't tried and this is the important part that so many other people the majority of the human population claim to enjoy. If, after becoming fit and social, I decide that it's not worth it then I will be comfortable with that decision, knowing that I've truly given it a shot and it didn't work out.Part of it is jealousy, I admit. But I'd rather get rid of that jealousy and envy by living the lifestyle and learning about it than just deriding it from afar while secretly wishing I was living it.I don't want to feed your paranoia or anything, but there could have been some rumors or something. You might try asking someone you're familiar with over facebook or something. There's always the chance that they could use it to hurt you though. stay noided bro
meh, fuck it.I'm going home in a week and I'll probably never have to deal with those cunts again.Unless I pass, which is unlikely.rumourswell I don't know why anyone would make one about me since no one ever spoke to me, but it wouldn't be the first time it's happened.I actually found out a month ago that there was a rumour about me all through secondary started by my close friends and I was oblivious to it.
But what should I do?
I don't know what you should do. I'm not you.This is what I'm going to do:I have an appointment with a mental health professional on the 13th, through my family doctor. This was after a full blood test checking for any chemical imbalances such as thyroid issues, diabetes etc. I'm clean in that sense.If it turns out that I'm actually totally sane and not depressed or ADD like I think then I'm going to wait for my kratom to come in, try that if it works great if not then plan bplan b: buy legal anxiolytics that have worked for me racetams, picamilon, adrafinil and try others.Use said medication to start exercising midnight runs. Look into and create some sort of diet plan.Focus on getting /fit/.That's my short term goal, basically. After that, well, I haven't decided. Will probably try tinder or okc or something and try to get invites to parties and the like. That's a few months forward though, I don't even want to think of stuff like that atm.
Be stuck in circlejerk since highschoolTwo of the top tier faggots get bagging jobs.Circlejerk focuses on my lack of job.Be focused on comp sci/engineering, and a few different certifications.Get job as IT head.All of them stop talking to me.Boss, and friend, passes away, lose job due to change in management.Circlejerk come back, "Awww, what happened? Awww that's too bad"Continue getting jerked around.A few months on later, and I got a better job as web devHaven't heard from them since.Programming's turn me into something less than human.
mental health professionalI don't know how my parents would react.Focus on getting /fit/.I'm too lazy to go outside.
I stopped giving a shit about how my parents react. My mental health is more important than the impression they make on the neighbours.I'm also too lazy to go outside, which is why I want to fix that. It's not really normal to be that way, I've found out.
I will think about it.
sure. I don't really want to spend the rest of my life on r9k and eventually wizchan, that's my primary motivation.
having friends to loseYeah, I don't know that feel.
meet cool m80 at friends 13th bday b4 highschool startskick it offI sense a rivalryus 3 new m80, m8 who had the party3 years later start a bandI drum, old m8 plays basshes blacknew m80: "I'll learn guitar"hes a vikingsucks at guitar, keeps bossing me around saying I sucktreats me like shitoldm8ishisbitchnow.avi"I'm fucking awesome" attitudewe have shit gear, broken guitars/kitargument one day, quit band stop talking to them for a whilenew m80 gets a gfshe whips himso hardpractically never see new m80new m80 suddenly hates his younger sister2 years later were 18 nowband gets new membersband starts doing wellnew m80s step dad and dad diehes loaded, doesn't tell anyone but I figured it outlike fuck, no job but buys a couple grand worth of toystalks shit about me to everyonehates on anything I do; /fit/, martial arts, being healthy, partyingthinks he is good at drums, air drums 24/7 + leg tappingalso his little sister is doing drugs and ran away because of him shes 12for someone reason I still live with himhad an argument at school because he started calling me names and shit"you're just thick, you're the biggest idiot I know", called him a cuntI'm not an idiot, I scored super high on a military aptitude test cos joining armyhave to leave class to not fucking rek him, holy shit I was so fucking closehes 5'10, fat. I'm 6'2 /fit/-lean, tkd, boxing, bjj, judo, jujitsu, etc.that was about a week ago, literally havnt spoken a word to him sincethese days, everyone knows about our rivalry and shithe was a cool guy, these days hes a cunt and everyones knowshe only exists in the band and gf, everything he says is bullshitI'm pretty much friends with everyone at school because I'm not a cuntSo funny though that he was once on top, he was stronger, more popular, cooler, manlier, taller even.mfw his mum likes me more than him because he treats her like shit too
NORMIE GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
ree. *sigh*how do y'all work up the energy to be angry all the time. i do not know
are you fucking serious?
I've pretty much abandoned consistently having most other emotions.I stay in one place and stew in my own bitterness.yes
Bretty much! I graduated in Texas and moved from Vegas to Texas. The only way I'm able to to talk to my IRL friends are on Xbox/Facebook. Shit sucks. I miss hanging with them. :/
No, youre not a normieYoure even worse, youre a failed normie
So, how do I talk to people?
I'm trying to say you're a giant faggot!!!!!
Shits heavy bro.

/r/thathappened
have a best friendthe type where I had to change my interests up a bit so we'd actually have things to do togethershe has a crush on me, tells meno thank you, we can stay friends thoughshe grows more distant text her asking to hang outI'm busy with something my mum asked me to do, sozsense bullshit for some reasongo to hersshe's standing at the door of another of her friends housesee her and walk awayEvery time I try make a friend they want to fuck me, nothing else. I don't feel like I lack character more than others. I don't get it.
I used to go out with this friend. One day his father rapes me
is it?
Technically meta now but most people here don't know the difference
No, feels good man/feels bad man is a meme and pepe posting in general. But Pepe himself is just a character from the comic Boy's Club taken out of context.
le sad frog is a meme perhaps but he was very little to do with the actual Pepe from the comics.
Where's your memeology degree?
be store clerksomeone gives me beads and tells me to give them to someone I likewhore from a long time ago visits my store.ask her if she wants the beads.flirts with me and doesn't answer.yells "SMILE FOR THE CAMERA!"shows me her giant nice tits.tell her "You have earned your beads."mfw boss told me he is going to look at the last night video because he thinks I am stealing money.I didn't tell him about the woman showing me her tits. He is going to have a surprise. Do you think I will get fired from my job?
Yes. But answer me this:Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why am I going to get fired? I didn't ask her to show her tits to me. It got me off guard.
Geez... well it's sort of a complicated social issue.The best way I can describe it is through an analogy. You know the game Bean Bag Buccaneers?Bean Bag Buccaneers is a two player children's game, the object of which is to pick up your treasure chest on the central island and sail back safely.Each player has a giant sailing ship as their main game piece. Each ship has a removable sail, two trigger-action side panels, and a huge spring-driven cannon. Players take turns moving forward along a prescribed track and shooting bean bags at their opponent's ship. A hit on one of the side panels will force it to pop off and give the player a free shot at the other side; a hit forcing the sail off becalms the ship for a turn.To add to the pirate flavor, each player also has an eye patch. Wearing these will slightly affect depth perception and add a marginal bit of sport to the shooting.This game retailed for the somewhat impressive sum of $16 back in 1962. With its huge plastic ships close to a foot long, giant vinyl play mat, and the eye patches, it may well stand as one of the more overproduced games of the early 1960s.
is this the birth of an epic new meme? le boss is going to check the security camera meme. well done.
tfw boss is going to check the security cameraimplying I give a fuck.jpg
Boss checks security camera when I'm in work You won't BELIEVE what happens next !
Good to know that Redditus Cancerus is still monitoring us.
I think you got so caught up in discussing Bean Bag Buccaneers that you forgot to explain how it was relevant.
Looks like the ride is coming to an end. My parents refuse to support my neet life any longer. I have a month to figure out what to do or they'll kick me out.What the fuck should I do? I refuse to become a wageslave. I promised myself that I will never in my life work for someone else and I'm sticking to that promise. I'm willing to work, but only if i'm self employed. I'm 19. I have a 160 IQ. I'm not joking either. My psychiatrist wanted my autograph after she tested my IQ, so clearly I'm capable.Give me suggestions on how to avoid the wageslave life.
Join the Fighters Guild
I'd rather be a hobo than have a jobwell, good luck being a hobo. I'm sure 10 year old you would be proud
Kill yourself. It will get rid of that and any other problems you have.
Just go work on a farm and hitchhike around a little, OP. Dramatic kid.
Just be one of those smart crazy hobo's, you'll be legendary someday. follow some creative pursuit like writing while being a homeless drunk/druggy.
Better then working for some merchant.
go to college?
Better start working on that resume young manGood luck explaining away your NEET period/employment gap to any interviewer though LOL
With no money? And don't tell me to get a loan.
Become a pro boxer.
160 IQcan't figure out what to dolmao
I don't drink or do drugs and I don't plan on being homeless.
Why are you asking us, Mr. 160 IQ? Deduce the answer yourself, if you're so brilliant. Create your own business.Alternately, get the fuck over yourself, suck it up, and get a job. How many people in existence, even among those who have their own business or who freelance, have never worked for a wage? Outside of the rich elite I'd imagine it's next to none.tl;dr get ready for a lesson in humility
I have a month. I'll figure something out. I have an absolute backup plan if all else fails though, so I'm not complete fucked.
Well it is simple...Either you kill yourself or work. But I tell you, your IQ means jack shit if you don't know anything RL related.What you should ask yourself is you can take care of yourself? Because no way you can become self emlpoyed if you are the average introvert Anon.
Why even post? I don't know if you lack reading comprehension, but I asked for advice. Get the fuck out of my thread if you have nothing to contribute.
be NEETdecide to get job because you need financial independencewhat's that?you need a job because you never had one?well, I guess that means you don't deserve one
I have a 160 IQYou're an idiot for thinking this means anything.My psychiatrist wanted my autograph after she tested my IQshe probably does it to everyone after inflating their IQ to make them feel good and capable.Give me suggestions on how to avoid the wageslave life.live on the street, steal and suck dick and deal drugs like a complete failure.Also the wageslave meme is retarded. The most stable periods of wellbeing in my life have when I've been employed and the worst when I've been a neet.
ask your parents? im pretty sure theyd at least be willing to take out a loan for you if you pay them back.
Why are they kicking you out? Could you use the month to significantly improve your relationship with them?
They despise me. My very presence sickens them. I can feel it. Asking them for help isn't an option.
Join the military.I promised myself that I will never in my life work for someone else and I'm sticking to that promiseHow do you expect to exist in a society after your parents are gone? How can someone so 'smart' be this deluded? 19 yoproblematic NEET period So you didn't go to Uni? Who the fuck do you think you are? Is tertiary education too hard for Mr. Onesixty?I am actually mad, shame on you.
Get into vocational school and learn a trade. You can then work on your own and rake in a more than above average salary and benefits. Also, what's your education history?
I really do think killing yourself is the right idea OP.But otherwise go live on the streets if you refuse to get a job, I am pretty sure that will strip away the pretension oozing from your every post quick enough.
You kinda disgust me.
You're an idiot for thinking this means anything.People with low IQs often say this. My ability to learn anything is more then triple what the average persons is. I taught myself calculus at 10. Get fucked low iq pleb.
 The most stable periods of wellbeing in my life have when I've been employed and the worst when I've been a neet.Therefore everyone else is like you?sub 100 IQ detected
I'm 19. I have a 160 IQ. I'm not joking either. My psychiatrist wanted my autograph after she tested my IQ, so clearly I'm capable.Post proof official document with /r9k/ and timestamp. 4chan is full of compulsive liars and you're likely one of them.
yet your frontal lobes are clearly underdeveloped
Well I do have autism.
Great! Do something with that :^
Use your IQ to become an apprentice, learn the trade, become a Master, and have people working for you, instead of the other way around.
I have one month. That's a like 3 years in low IQ time. I'm sure i'll be alright.
I say just end it OP. It's the only way.
I'm in medschool now with my sub 100 IQ and is getting somewhere with my life.While you sit in a basement and delude yourself that IQ is a number that determines your worth while spending all day masturbating, playing videogames or posting on this terrible place, learning nothing and progressing nowhere as a person.
I know 16 different programming languages. Does that count?What other trades would you suggest?
get some kind of computer degree in collegethere's a demand for programmers because it's the technology age and few people can do it
I will never do something that pathetic.
My ability to learn anything is more then triple what the average persons is.And yet you still got to 19 without learning how to take care of yourself financially? I taught myself calculus at 10. And nothing since then. Why don't you put your calculus on your CV and see how many jobs that land you.
I agree with this anon. I wanted to go to college but realized this was a bit out of reach for me with out compiling a massive debt and being poor already on top of that. I've been in the air force for 3 years now with a fully paid off car, no debt to my name and 15k in savings. If you go air force or navy you can with that IQ you will put up with the least bs and be able to aquire skills for a highly technical job in the future. Right now I work work with radios and have already been offered jobs paying between 50k-60k, full health benefits and 401ks. It sounds rediculous I know, but the military is a easy pathway to a brighter future. Within 22 months I was off base living in my own apartment, I work 730 to 430, with an hour lunch and an hour to work out, so I basically work 7 hours a day Monday thru Friday. Its easy OP.
After reading your entire thread, and all your reactions, you seem to be under the misconception that your IQ is valuable, in and of itself. This is as foolish as Women Studies majors stating that diversity is valuable, in and of itself.Your knowledge is what's important, not what you are able to learn. Hope your IQ has you ready to start your own business, and that you have the money to pay people to work for you. Otherwise, you're just a smart person who is going to wind up poor.Happened to me. 155 IQ, and I went through homelessness. And you've already had a psychiatrist analyze you, so good luck on getting benefits for anything.
 delude yourself that IQ is a number that determines your worth while spending all day masturbating, playing videogames or posting on this terrible place, learning nothing and progressing nowhere as a person.nice assumptions about someone on an anonymous image boardAre you projecting? lol
And become a codemonkey wageslave? No thanks.
Wonderful! Just superb. Have you considered, you know, communicating with those around you in a way that doesn't make them want to stab you?
I know 16 different programming languages.Anyone that have done some programming can pick up a new language in one day.Have you done anything serious with them? Reading through 16 entry level tutorials is worthless. Have you made an app? a game? anything that did something that might be useful?
Don't tell me you've been taking those NEET threads seriously?
more shitty sarcasm by sub 100 IQ retardslol
This is the harmful effect of those threads. Inexperienced people who haven't left Mom's basement actually believe this is a good and viable option. I've worked for 12 years at this point, and Disability wouldn't even pay half of my bills.Of course, anyone can find out how much their disability would pay before applying by going to the social security website, and opening up an account.Disability usually takes at least a year to get in the States, on top of all that, so his address will be a homeless shelter for a year.
OP is a master baiter.
And you've already had a psychiatrist analyze you, so good luck on getting benefits for anything.That's where you're wrong. I have autism and I faked depression to insure I could claim benefits should I hit rock bottom. It's more of a last resort though. That's why i'm asking for advice in this thread, but people seem more keen on knocking me down, instead of offering advice. Such is the life of a low IQ retard I guess
Even if I were projecting atleast I'm not going to be homeless.L O LOL
appgameI would never stoop so low. Fuck off you retard normie.
Like shit nigga, I might be dumb, but at least people can stand to be around me.I would totally kick your ass out on the curb.
My psychiatrist wanted my autograph after she tested my IQlol
Don't listen to all these faggots.Refuse to leave, and make them evict you with a court order.As long as you've lived there over one year, and you have personal mail coming to that address they can`t legally kick you out.Fuck them, they're the ones that spawned you in this shit-world.
is there boot camp for those or can you skip that shit?
She honestly seemed aroused by my intelligence. Too bad she was hideous.
As someone who knows several people who have disability benefits, they are guaranteed to say "no," at least once. Get ready for some homelessness if that's the route you are taking.Also, according to socialsecurity.gov, after working 12 full years work affects your disability payments, I qualify for a whopping $943 per month. How much do you qualify for?
I think OP is actually Autismus Maximum and it was the only way for the psych to get him to sign the papers.It would also explain why he's getting thrown out at 19 and not at 25 or 30 like regular NEETs.aroused by my intelligenceMore like excited about having finally seeing a textbook example of autism.
Youre the most autistic piece of shit Ive seen on r9k in monthsthis whole thread reeks of autism, your replies, everythingwanted my autographbecause she thought youre so creepy and stupid youre going to shoot up a school or somethingyou autistic loserjust get a job you fucking idiot or kill yourself
SSI and SSDI are different programs.
More like excited about having finally seeing a textbook example of autism.I do have autism. Maybe you would have known this is you had read the thread.
Should've gotten a first job at 16-17 like a normal human being buddyWhy hire a lazy shit when you can hire someone with work ethic
Have you worked enough credits to qualify for disability benefits? You need to earn $1,220 in qualified earnings each quarter to earn a credit, and you need 6 credits in the past 3 years to qualify for disability at your age under 24.
nobody else I knew got a job that early
I would never stoop so low.You don't want to work for someone else and you don't want to create something that would pay your bills with the only skill you haveor maybe you don't have it and just pretend you're a programmer because most people couldn't call you on your bullshit.I assume you know C# or some other mainstream language? Write a short example that creates a List and populates it with ~300 integers that increases by +1 for each index.
 Maybe you would have known this is you had read the thread.Whoa man, you seem to be really smart!
That's a pretty low-iq way to rationalize being a lazy shitYou never had a desire for financial independence at that age? Or were you content to let mommy and daddy hold your hand until they got sick of your pathetic self?
She wanted my autograph because she had never seen anyone with a score as high as mine and because I told her "I have no interest in women". Apparently all her scientific heroes were virgins with no interest in women.
There is still boot camp. Air Force they yell at you and demand you to complete particular tasks, but it's easy. And goes quick 8 weeks . I don't know the details in the Navy but I watched a pretty recent video and they don't seem to yell at you at all. It looks kind of like a summer camp.
Grow weed, sell drugs, work under the table for construction companies/bars/other places. Self employ yourself as a male escort. Fuck men, fuck old women, and make mad banks. If you have the social skills to make them feel special, you'll become a favorite, frequent repeat. Take out a small business loan for aprox 50-100k. Buy or rent yourself an Auto-scrubber and a buffer + pads, soap, all the shit tha tgoes with it. Go to local business that have tiled floors, and tell them you'll do the job for half of what their current people do it for, though they must pay for the wax and stripper if they want you to do that. I should do that, now that I think of it. The local grocery store here pays the guy 3k a month for like three days of work a week. Everything looks like shit and it visibly hurts my eyes to look at how awful he's doing. Buy your own equipment, make the guy you clean for purchase the soap/wax/scrubber and buffer pads + 1.5k a month. It's not hard to find work if you're inventive. Hell, you can turn in hundreds of pounds of aluminum cans for a few bucks a pound. Check any grocery store and see if they recyle them in bulk. Take them. HEad to local scrapyard and profit.
well, what's the point if nobody else is doing it?
start developing apps. Should be no problem with your IQ to get something rolling. Mine is at 140 and I know way more stupid people earning money with software.I don't work either, I just sit around the whole fucking day jerking off and my apps earn me money
This is some top quality bait and of course all of it is made up.But still entertaining as fuck, go on OP.
I would never write an app or game because I'm not retarded enough to think i'll make any money off those. almost 60% of apps never even get downloaded. You're clearly some retard redditor who bought into the app meme.
Join the military, if you're really as smart as you are you could go a long way up the ranks.
not retarded enough to think i'll make any money off thoseI must be a top level retard then. Dude seriously, trust me, it's the easiest thing ever. Haven't even put a single dollar into advertising and my apps back then were REALLY fucking poorly-written
So make 100 apps then, at least you have something to show for your years of basement dwelling.Or make a game and get it in steamwhich will net you a few thousand $ at leastAlso webapps are also apps, make something useful or fun.I don't think you even can program, you just have shallow excuses.
What kind of apps did you make? I feel like i'm selling my soul doing something so... normal, but I guess I have no other options. I could probably write an app in less then a day, but I'm not the creative type.
don't fuck sell your soul mate, it's nothing to be proud of thenDubPad Buttons" was my second app and it earned me a car. Consider everything except the Dubstep shit and Launch Buttons garbage, basically the other ones are just little experiments I did in an early stage of coding and these "experiments" still make me $50-$100 per year which is why I took the 15-minute effort to upload them
"I'm kicked out by my parents plz help"rejects all ideas, goes full ad hominem, and claims superiority because muh 160 IQ
If you had a IQ of 160 you'd be smart enough to not be in this situation. Your shrink was just trying to make an autistic boy feel better about himself. "Oh my god anon, you're so smart. Definitely the smartest boy I've ever seen. You see anon, you can do great things if you put your mind to it! I am sure you'll be famous someday. Can I please have your autograph on this line at the bottom next to today's date? I am sure it'll be worth lots some day!"
sell drugs
I could probably write an app in less then a dayyou couldn't do shit
I can't believe somebody feels intelligent with such a misery in real life. The cognitive dissonance is hard.
I genuinely laughed at that. I could see it going exactly like that for OP.
How did people discover your apps then? And how much did you make off of them in total?
 writing the truth on resume
I am objectively intelligent. There is no cognitive dissonance here. Some people are born with high IQs, others are born with low IQs. I'm sorry you got the latter.
I have a 110-115 IQ tested legit through the UK clinical aptitude test.dentist now fully qualified lmao everyone has to grind in life, there are no secret cheats for success for most people
If your IQ is so high, then why is it that you can't figure out that your ego is fucking up your life?
low IQ pleb has to grindYeah no shit.
Im not OP, but I have no idea where to begin on this type of thing. Do I just start learning Java or something?
I am objectively intelligent.Can't survive on his own.oh god, the schools brainwashed you hard. you think someone will pay you for your grades and scores? people pay for value, not for ego jerking of teens.
just do SOMETHING
thread is hilarious tbhnice troll, IQ is always guaranteed replies
youre so fucking retarded its sad to read what you writeyoure so autistic your iq cant even help you at lifei know the kind of person you are and youre a retarded cunt with no social skills youre getting nowhere you cunt
wow mate you're really shaking me up here, hope I don't cry on the way home from work. Oh wait my 2015 golf gti has privacy glass.
I'm 19.This is where your credibility died.We're not even laughing at you. We're just acknowledging how stupid we were too.
I'm OP and I can answer your retarded questionBefore starting with Android, learn Java, but only if you've never programmed in OOP languages. Otherwise just jump into android. It's definitely important though for complete beginners. Android is piss easy to learn once you know anything about programming.
you eitherwork for someone elsedevelop the skills needed to work for yourself, starting your own business or becoming a writer/artist/musician/inventor etc. dedicate your life to a cause, improving the world in some way or kill yourself
Did this nigga just brag bout his Peoples' car???
Thanks OP. Hopefully you figure out what to do, my neet brother. Never forget we're all going to make it
I'd fuck her deeper than the mariana trench
Modern IQ tests are about finding logical patterns between fucking shapes and such. Nothing more. Of course there is a correlation between dumb people and low IQ people. I have like 130 IQ but I never once thought about it because it means nothing, I've been pretty low before, and I've worked up quite a bit. Pure "IQ" means absolutely nothing. It all comes down to how capable are you at adapting.
dedicate your life to a cause, improving the world in some way My goal in life is actually the complete destruction of humanity, through the creation of a superior artificial intelligence and hopefully ensure my own transcendence into a spiritual machine.I would never stoop so low as to actually pretend to care about humanity.
I honestly don't know dude, I told my friends to rate them maybe 10 5* ratings and suddenly I got downloads from all over the world.
I did the mistake to start with Android without any OOP knowledge. That's why my apps started to end up terribly clumsy n stuff but usually, users don't even care about this
You've clearly never taken one. Name one famous scientist in history who had a low IQ. Anyone significant in the world has had a high IQ and there's no way you can deny that.
Dear /r9k/I'm a lot smarter than youFigure out how to start a business for meYou don't sound very smart.
I won't. However I deny that having high IQ automatically guarantees you success, because as OP's example shows, it doesn't. Maybe it's much easier to learn or find correlations between things if you have high IQ, but in the end, when you are an entitled lazy shit, you end up dead sooner rather than later.
People always waste so much fucking money on everything. Just only get shit you absolutely NEED to stay alive. No netflix or car or candy
OP, why don't you make a list of all the ways you can make money without being a "wage slave" and then choose the one you like the most?You haven't shared any of your own research ITT so it's hard to know what you want.
I guess I'm off to write an app. Thanks to that guy who suggested it. Hopefully I'll have as much success as you did. One month to make as many apps as possible. Will I do it? Of course. I have a high IQ after all.:^
Aparently all you need is a garage, a space heater, ramen, water, and vitamins. Anything beyond that is too much.Makes me wonder how you are posting, though...
no worries bro, contact me if you wanna know anything further
kek. nice dubs.
2015Falling for this baitMfw when 160 IQ exists, and all we do all day is bait and troll you
well, first off. Only psychologists not psychiatrists give IQ tests. I think you're full of shit.
Damn you're parents are cunts; I'm guessing you're an amerifag, britbong, or somewhere in this world. Where I live; Australia, its expensive as fuck when it comes to rent and other shit.It takes time to look for a job; looks like you're going to have to join the army, bro.I'm 21 and I'm still living with my parents. Going to move out when I'm 24, lel.Feels good to have ethnic parents; indian bros, arab bros, and asian bros will know this feel. They all know shits getting more expensive and they won't know that shit won't be the same from the olden days. Like fuck, you're parents shoulda known.Anyways fuck em, also to the people that are going to say "hah you're a leech" but your parents don't love you :^.
Show them you can have a great life even without their support, after when things are stable make them repent of their choice.Terrorize them, burn their cars, vandalize their home...they will need to cry at your feet.
But how did you make profit? Through ad revenues?
I find it hard to believe that someone with 160 IQ would shitpost on /r9k/, or be on 4chan in general
exactly, I implemented ads that people accidentally clicked on 2-4c/click and also offered the exact same apps without ads for between $.50 and $5
Just only get shit you absolutely NEED to stay alive. No netflix or car or candySo, with food stamps and disability this means living in a Walmart parking lot in an RV because you need a place to shower.How are you going to pay for gas? Larger vans, especially used ones, get maybe 10mpg. Same for your Internet, what do when all the local stores lock you out when you hit your data cap yes, they do that now to prevent moochers, or what about your food itself? Eating store brand beans for every meal sucks. What about your clothes? You need actual money for that, and you'll get kicked out of restaurants say, ones your parents invite you to on christmas or similar.Obviously you could go full hick, many do but that crowd of people still bothers with employment so they can buy guns and ammo and huge pickup trucks.
That's pretty cool, I might try learning Java then. Any recommendations? I know some html and css but just entry-level tutorial stuff, I was planning on making a webpage of some sort with the sole purpose of making me ad revenue, but I fear people won't visit the page and I'll end up losing money for the hosting costs. Do you have to pay a fee for uploading an app?
jerk off into a cup and drink itproblems solved
4chan was and probably still is home to hundreds if not thousands of the 'genius slacker' archetype, some of who are actually smart assholes and not just idiots trying to justify their laziness.
Google takes $25 once u create an account, Apple wants $80/yeari still don't know shit about desktop java, just google the pieces of the puzzle and you'll actually learn something over time.Website is also a great idea if it goes viral but I havent tried this yrt
Be meHave IQ of 134start working as a graphic designerget jobs like a bitchWork for jackass crew and Sony BMG as a 14yoIf your IQ is so high, become a designer
I really have no idea of programming but I guess I should do some tutorials and figure the rest by myself. I tried some tutorials on Java already but they're kinda boring because they deal with all the logic and I'm much more interested in the visual aspect of apps.
Gaise, how do I avoid being an adult and leech off of everyone else's hard work?Die NEET scum
that's what i am relating to with "puzzle"look up and do stuff U want
I really don't understand this. If you were as smart as your IQ suggests, you would have gotten straight A's in highschool, and some community service would have landed a nice scholarship. Did you take the SAT? You're scores on that can also get you a full ride. If you're so smart you should have aced these assessments, and you wouldn't be asking a Mongolian noodle forum what to do with your life right now. Also go to /biz/ with this, they'll give you more sound advice
Op is a faggot, nothing to see here. move along or face the consequences
ok then, guess I'll start... tomorrow :^
I'm willing to work, but only if i'm self employed. You are a parasite and yet you want to choose your career.You might aswell kill yourself if you think it works like that.
doesn't want to work for othersdoesn't know how to be self-employedat least you got the 160 iq thingy, right?
I have a 160 IQWhelp, you're one of those.I'm just a lazy smart guy!I'm super clever and special I swearrrr!I can't even work out ways to keep my lifestyle.
Sell drugs
OP is the biggest asshole on r9k, he deserves what he getsMuh 160 IQ, i don't want to lower myself
OP here, fuck you faggots for taking up my time. Anyway this is what I used when I learned this a couple months ago. made by google. It's a little slow for my tastes but hey, you're probably slow too, so it's perfect. It has a 2 week trial, but that should be more then enough time to do the whole course. overflow is a must, because you can find any answer to any problem you're facing. Going back to making as many apps as humanly possible. Will I make it? Of course. I have have a high IQ remember :^
How do you get the same dubs twice? Also nice info.
high IQcharacter like a bottle of niggershityou a truly a failure and a waste of potentional. maybe somewhere in your head is the cure to cancer or whatever, but we will never now because you will end up as a homeless shitbag unable to support himself.
explains everything.
Haha because IQs mean anything when you still live at home with your mom. You're pathetic dude, you have one good attribute and you stick to it, and most likely its complete bullshit. So face the facts, you're like every commoner if not lower since ive never been at the point my mother had to toss me out of the house, I got out mysef and that you will most likely be that "smart" nerd at best buy who knows all the best products until you die, hopefully sooner than later
I would just watch Animu this month then kill myself.
And yet, here you are posting on a Burmese fingerbox forum
-Say you were the primary carer for a sick relative.-Lie about a job and give them an email address that you can reply from or the phone number of an adult-sounding friend.-Tell them you were self-employed.-Tell them you were travelling.-Tell them you had an extended illness.
ITT: Neets getting their comeuppance
I'm smart but lazy!
N-n-neet master race
You have to man the fuck up. Go to school and get a really good job. Have people work for you. In this day and age what you want will lead you into a God awful mess.
I promised myself that I will never in my life work for someone else and I'm sticking to that promise. I'm willing to work, but only if i'm self employed.this is hilarious denial of "i'm a useless parasite that is incapable of anything useful"
all these 100 IQ dumbasses falling over themselves to be the first to go IQ DONT MEAN NOTHIN IN DA REAL WORLD
This is a story about people of different is who ended up neetguy with 100 iqBecame neet and realized its shit, became wage slave , died wage slave hating his life.guy with 110 iqBecame neet and realized its shit, became wage slave but after several months realized he would end up hating his life like that, becomes neet again, dies from starvation.guy 120 iqBecame neet , realized its shit, went and became wage slave,realized he will hate his life,became neet again,remembered how shit it is, eventually opens up a cheap car wash. Is nice for him because he's self employed, but eventually he gets a wife, she leaves him for chad and takes children with her, guy shoots himself in the hed.guy 130iqBecomes neet, realizes its shit, becomes wageslave, hates it, becomes neet again, with some effort teaches himself C++ , Creates software, is successfull, gets funding, starts small ends up big, in 30 years a millionaire with hot chick. On deathbed , chick doesn't even have any shame invites her boyfriend chad to sit with her and laugh at guy as he dies. Guy has already transferred all cash to his "loyal wife ", dies crying.iq 160See thread.guy iq 200Becomes neet, realizes he's doomed whatever he does, kills self.
You can do what I did OP. When I was 17 my parents died in a car accident, I didn't have any relatives and didn't know what to do with myself. They didn't have a lot of money, mortgages, car loan and all that good stuff, but I managed to scrape about $900 altogether.With that I bought a tent and enough money to feed myself while I hitchhiked down to Mexico, Guatemala and finally to Belize.I lived in Punta Gorda for about 5 years working on lobster boats, I lived in the tent for like 9 months but it got torn in a storm and I moved in with this old guy everyone called Mr Paul. It was the best time of my life, I did nothing but swim, fish and dive, money was shit but I couldn't care at that point. When I was 22 I decided enough was enough and hitchhiked with some Dutch tourists out of town. I managed to get a job illegally on a Princess Cruise Ship that was in the capital harbour and made my way back to Boston. I didn't really want to stay there, but I got a job, got an apartment, enrolled in a community college, got my credits, moved to BU and studied chemical engineering. When I was 28 I got offered a job in Perth, Australia at a mine, that's where I am now, I earn about $80,000 and am working on getting my citizenship.I don't know why I wrote this out, but you kinda remind me of myself, I was some kid with nothing and nobody but I made it work, you can too.
insure160 IQ
Do you robots use any drugs?I've not used hard stuff, only alcohol weed.Anyone got interesting stories related to drug use?
drug storiesinterestingI would much rather listen to an autist lecturing about tree pests or train brakes than a druggie rambling about his 'new perspectives'.
I appreciate the input, however contrarian and ignorant.
I've got some interesting stories about addiction but i might be a buzzkill.though I do have a funny story about the time I shoved an x pill in my ass, and another about talking to a cop while robotripping.
I smoke cannabis very regularly, and usually trip acid about once a month.I don't have any particularly interesting stories about my trips. The last time I tripped was at a hippy festival in the Irish countryside, which was probably the dodgiest place I've ever been to. People there taking acid, ket, DMT and other shit all together.There was a guy with a nitrous oxide tank which I was tempted to try, but kinda glad I didn't since my friend had a bad trip and being incomprehensibly giddy wouldn't have made things better for him.
Im currently is a sober house for alcholism but my DOC is weed. I cant seem to stop doing it. Its a serious problem.
Fuck anon I hope it all turns out well for you.
Well, if you're a willing audience....yeah, I've got some drug stories. Kinda interesting but not really.I once spent a solid month on magic mushrooms in my freshman year of college. My friend and I had bought two ENORMOUS enormous enough that my dealer, who we had already been buying large quantities of them from, half-jokingly said he thought we were addicted to mushrooms sacks of them when we got the opportunity, and the plan was to have several trips on halves and quarters spaced-out over a very long time.It did not wind up happening that way. We wound up just lazily munching on these things all day like they were bowls of candy on our desks for close to a month, during which time I kept going to class without a single absence, wrote and edited a perfect math paper, and ate 3 meals a day in the cafeteria.Granted, tolerance figures into this, but eating ridiculous quantities of mushrooms every day for multiple weeks does something to you. I remember finally snapping back to reality in the shower the day I ran out, and the first thing that hit me was"Woah, it's like I'm playing a video game. Am I seeing in first-person?"It dawned on me then that you're SUPPOSED to see in first-person. at which point I began to ask myself how long I had been seeing in third-person and how the fuck my brain had managed to do something like that.Certain objects in my everyday life are permanently "broken" as a result of this adventure, and continue to look exactly as they did while tripping, especially if I zone out. It's fucking weird.
What's alcohol weed?
I exercise my fucking ass off and still the fucking sluts don't want me! WTF?! They're all with fat shits. I thought girls were supposed to like studs like me?
lets see that rockin ass OP
you have /nogame/.
manlet
lol i'm 6'2 195lbs bench 265 and squat 390 KV at 21
/fit//Thread
lets see that rockin ass OPFuck you piece of shit i'm not gonna do it.
/lgbt//Thread
Waahhh wahhh i work out why dont gurls like meh :It's beacause they can smell the beta off you and there is nothing you can do to change that. 5'6 manlet and fucked 12 bitchs why?? Because i dont have to fake being someone i'm not havnt lifted since high school
Screw you bro
Working out was supposed to give you the necessary confidence to get laid.It's not the ladies magnet that will do everything for you.
hahahaha I love it when /fit/fags cry. it makes living worthwhile
ayy
Why do many eople on this board fail to see that the reason for their lack of success with women does not lie in one single aspect of their life.You can be unfit, short and have shitty teeth and still be successful with girls if you excel at other aspects of life. Similarly, being fit alone won't help you if you havr the charisma of a potato and can't keep a conversation alive for more than 2 minutes to save your alive.The easiest way to impress women is to take lead in a social situation. If you're at a party and you everyone centers around you, listens to your stories and basically competes for your attentions, some women will take notice, regardless of your looks.
But... But I hate being social :
he thought having a good body was a substitute for personalitykek /fit/fags are pathetic
Except that it totally is.
are you poor OP?
Post it you fucking fag
I feel you bro.
Wha...?You'd probably have a better chance on tinder than OKcupid, man... USE THAT AS YOUR PROFILE PICTURE.Good god, you do know that there's skinnyfat uber hipsters that can't pay for their gas bills and still getting laid to the T; its fact that their social lifes are kurt cobain like not supreme gentlemen like. Be more charming, be yourself, and throw in some of jokes.Gooood luck.
I can't do any of that. But I am on my couch getting cock sucked :
Is it acceptable to /thread your own replies now? Oh that's the same tripfag.
Learn how to post then get back to me, kiddo
nice gains op diet/routine/time frame between pics?
You can probably track it back to where advise is given. Be it through reading any general mass media, or one of the many threads continuously posted on 4chan, or any other place.Oftentimes "just get fit and you'll get laid." is being harped. Confidence, body language, personality matching with the woman/women you're interested in, representation of oneself, and more, all contribute to success.But because of the "/fit/ = 100% laid chance" advise being spammed, rather than a more realistic "getting /fit/ may improve your chances, much like improving yourself in many other ways, but there's no guarantee", the expectations are way beyond the results it'll give.And then there are those who improved in multiple ways while becoming fit for instance higher confidence, better body language, more social, outgoing, etc, but only attribute it to becoming fit, which perpetuates the cycle of people focusing only on getting /fit/ and expect miracles.You don't have to become hypersocial, even going to social activities revolving around your hobbies will have a much better shot at finding a qt when you're somewhat social with good confidence, rather than staying inside and never meet anyone extreme example.
Does anyone else here hate lesbians? Im nto talking about the oens with big boobs and asses who lick each others assholes on porn hub. I mean real lesbians, like pic related. Every single lesbian ive met is either a closet straight girl whos too ugly to get laid and OR hates men due to some pased trauma sustained by their father, uncles or an abusive male partner. They then project that onto other men. They all resent the fact they were born with vaginas and sadly are also massive tomboys. So instead of playing with barbies like they fucking should they wanted to chase a ball with their brothers. They grow up playing soccer and football and aspire to do male things like Police or military and hate the fact no matter how they work theyll never be as good as their male colleagues because their weak as shit. Im in the military myself and I have to deal with cunts like this every damn day. Can someone also explain to me why women who hate men soo much do everything in their power to emanate them? They dress like boys, wear their hair like guys, wear suits, try always be in charge and assertive and yell 'come on guys we can do this!' etc. Fuck off seriously.
guys create civilization and everything these women enjoyDyke cunts won't even do the right thing and suck us offUngrateful bitches should be executed
Im not talking about the oens with big boobs and asses who lick each others assholes on porn hub. I mean real lesbians, like pic related. It's easier when you can masturbate to them ? Kill yourself.
It's easier when you can masturbate to them ? Kill yourself.Shut your whore mouth roastie. Womens bodies belong to men. Deal with it. Whats the point otherwise. I personally hate it when you have a smoking hot girl with huge tits and an insane ass who wears makeup, dressed like a female etc. BUT is a hardcore dyke with a equally as hot gf. You know they arent really gay, to them its the ultimate 'fuck you' the male gender. Might aswell just be gassed. At least a faggot can be utilized in a labour camp, lesbians however.
Whenever there is a dyke in the workplace shell always try and coerce the females into a tight nit group and turn them agaisnt the men. Its even worse when there is more than one, they form packs almost. I remember this one bull dyke who was a marine engineer. Me and her knew from the second we saw each other that we hated each others guts and that was that. The only time she ever spoke or smiled was around the girls. When we finally got leave everyone went into town and as usual everyone just meets up int he one place. The whole night she was trying ti lead all the girls away from the dudes and was noticeably annoyed when we all rocked up.
Yeah dude, their annoying as fuck. Most of the gay guys I met were pretty cool and considerate; there were a few that only cared popularity and I hate those cunts too.I know one of my buddies from vector calculus got laid by some so called "butch lesbian" from our tutorial class, she dumped her other butch lesbo gal, and is going out with him now. She also cleaned herself a bit up; grew out a bit of hair, now she wear dresses and puts on make-up. Whatta you know?Also these cunts have hundreds of men chasing them; they all probably ended up choosing Chads from past their love lives. If I was a girl I would probably be an A-grade slut and have 7 dicks in me every week and have as much sex as possible; these bitches don't know how greatful they are too have that sexual freedom that most of us here envy.I'd also rather go out with a man than a woman if I were to be a woman myself. Men provide heaving warmth, security, love, and protection. Why the hell would want to get protected by some bitch thats like 5'2" and 90lbs when I can get a 6'2" and 250lb man to protect me if were to be a woman.
A mate of mine fucked a 'lesbian' once. The next day she txted him and he ignored her and was already off with another girl as is his way. She went to to cops and filed a false accusation against him.
Damn thats fucked, hopefully that bitch gets some shit coming to her way; hoping for her car to break down and having to be 100k in debt and hopefully she will kill herself by then.I usually cringe at lesbians, because I know most of these fuckers don't want to be gay, and its been surveyed/research that most of them fantasize about being traditional housewives.
Of course mate. Its just rebellion. 'How can I piss dad off the most' basically the mantra of a lesbian.
My lesbian friend is really nice.We have the same birthday and she got me a job at gamestop.She's the only friend I have in this whole town.
I dated a bisexual vegetarian girl.She left me for a girl, didn't even have the balls to tell me why.Her dad died when she was young and she is kinda fucked in the head, she doesn't really have any friends and once when we were in bed she was just randomly like "DON'T SPIT IN MY EAR PLEASE DON'T SPIT IN MY EAR I'M SCARED"she was pretty fuked in the hed. She sucked good dick for a lesbian though, lmao
Sounds like a girl I work with. Is she Canadian?
Woman sustains abuse and develops a psychological issue for itI hate themOk OP
Nah, I'm/she's a Britbong.What similarities though?
When you're at a war zone or in the battlefield with her in Somalia; I can guarantee you she'll ditch you in the dirt.Its just the same as if it were a world wide international feminism conference; someone could set a poisonous gas in the room, most of them will be trying to get out, some of them will get trampled, try to use their fellow women/friends to get through a small window, most of them will be sliding off each others cellulite, and gelatinous bodies. For the millonth of time, don't trust women.Be friends with men, we'll always be in brotherly arms, and when we're in danger or fighting together.
Womens bodies belong to men.
DONT SPIT IN MY EARS PLEASEMy sides weren't ready
Just because one man hurt them doesnt mean they can project that onto every other guy they meet and be a stuck up cunt. I just hate how they expect us to believe they are lesbians because of some emotional attachment to women and not some underlying militant motivation.
Please, leave :/.
Bisexual vegetarian with issues matching those listed who recently dumped her long time, LDR bf for a girl. Weird how archetypical people can be, eh?
Oh boo hoo. I honestly can't care that a few weak women are bothering you.
She left me for a girl
Obviously you do otherwise you wouldn't be posting here.
No we hate girls like this because they're the kind of girls who project all their hatred of men towards people who literally had nothing to do with their trauma. So called "lesbians" are the kinds of girls who let their rape mean they are justified in hating all of mankind. They will call you a rapist for asking for sex more than once per day. They're stupid sluts pretending to be lesbian for attention. They all really just want chad in the end and they'll go back to chad as soon as he offers.
Why?Yeah, at a certain age you realise that most people fit certain archetypes, there are still many unique, but they vary within a certain 'set'.I wanted to break up with her soon anyway. She rang me to break up and I was stoned and was like "Yeah I'm glad you're doing this! I wanted to do it but you've saved me the bother!"
tfw lesbian reading thisDon't actually hate men, just have no desire to fuck or form a relationship with one.WAAAH DADDY ISSUES!Best part is I'm the head sales person at work. Of the two men who also held this position, one rage quit and the other was demoted because his sales figures sucked.
Someone posts that they don't understand a certain point of viewGets completely btfoB-B-But I don't c-care what you t-think!
I didn't like hearing the part where you said she gave you up for a girl.Okay I admit, I hate lesbians taking all the girls; it does make me envy them on that part.Don't worry, I'm just being a sooky lala, and being a bit of a cocksucker myself.I hope everythings doing well for you. Ignore my shitty posts as much as you can.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
It seems not a thread can go by without an autistic tripfag showing his face
I like you.
closet straight girlPretend lesbians and bi girls are terrible because they say they're les and then cheat on you with guys. I hate it. It's dumb to hate people because of their gender. I don't hate anybody and I never did anything wrong to you or anybody else on /r9k/ so you shouldn't hate me for just being me. I just grew up being attracted to women for some reason and I can't help it.
/tumblr//lgbt/
I found 4chan first so I never go to tumblr. I do post in /lesgen/ but I shouldn't have to stay in one thread on one board all the time. I thought /r9k/ was for people who don't really fit in anywhere else so I think it should be good board for me too.
 tfw I find the two chicks in OP picture kinda cute
A-anon, I left my kids with a babysitter tonight. I haven't had a night off in forever! Are you busy tonight?What do you say?
No because I am not omega enough to date a single mother.
"Yeah I'm busy tonight."
"i'm too fucked up to move"
Yes I will literally date any girl provided;Not a nigger or shitskin, and not fat or handicapped
I rather be alone
wait what?is this square-jaw chan??? fuck she got old
i would have babysat for lego-chan, i love her.
How does someone even get a square face like that? Is it some sort of disease?
omegadont you mean beta?
bad genes, incest, fetal alcohol syndrome. somethink like that. I'm wondering how the fuck did she turn from looking 20 to 40 in a year
No I mean omega. Betas can get something better than a single mother.Like an obese chick or a batshit insane feminist. Omegas get the lowest of the low or nothing. Single mothers are the absolute bottom tier of women.
kidsCHUCK 'ER IN THE BIN
Single mothers are the absolute bottom tier of women.Why? Some people change and some women had no idea what they were getting into. It's not their fault a guy cheats on them and they get divorced
Even if the female in question is not the trashy type and genuinely had bad luck with the father of her children, kids are a lot of baggage that you WILL be expected to deal with in some capacity.

Eh, yeah ok I guess. My bedroom doesn't have lights but it shouldn't be an issue, right?
that "smile"
She aged badly
, 
highschooloverhear girls talking about guysthey compare me with the other least attractive person Tim in class"so, while Anon is definitely the ugliest guy in class, I find him better than Tim""eww, why?""idk, he is stronger and seems more manly that Tim""yeah, i guess, but his face...""i know, i would still rather die than be seen with him in public"2 years later, still KV, but acne seems to be disappearing. Am I going to make it?
How does it feel to be called ugly?
, 
, 
tfw tits feel cold to the touch around my nipplestfw drinking something really cold feels likes cold trickling down my titswhat the fuck is up with my tits and cold?
Post pics or else that unknown guy will come in here with his thread derailer.You have been warned.
Fuck off slut
I'm a medfag, you might have breast cancer please post a picture of your breast so I can be sure
usually i give it a little time to see if you guys are smart enough not to respond to female threadsand i'm always disappointed
Reading this made my tit get hard
YouthHonestyFreedomEhhh
I just wish I could still sage. I'm sorry unknown ;_;
LustHumorPopularYup, that's me.
Rub them.
Fuck outta here tomoko
RRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! SOUND THE ALARM!!!!!
YouthFreedomIntelligenceAKA things that are slowly slipping away from me day in and day outreeeeeee
friendshappiness youthI dont need these feels right now
popularlustfreedomWHY DO I ALWAYS CATCH lust THIS HAPPENS EVERY TIME
Some day we will learn, friendUntil that day we have you, the champions of derailment
MoneyHealthLoveYou should probably massage them or have them massaged.
lelbeniswinEbin!! :--DDDD
youthhappiness friendssame as
LoveFreedomPowerPretty fucking accurate, actually. Well done.
LoveHappinessFriendsWho the hell doesn't want that? This is like some zodiac prediction for the day.
LoveMoneyHappinessSounds about right
le girl memele get out normalle ree
LoveBeautyMoney Oh no, i'm a normie
LovePopularityHappinessYep, pretty much. I think about these things literally 50% of the time.
LoveSuccessPowerits true
wintelligence
TimeFreedomPower
love, pop, freedomI like this. Is there a way to fail this thing?
without you, smart guy, this thread would already have diedalso tripfags are the worst attention whores
love money power
lovefriendsintelligenceThis was shockingly accurate.
lovemoneypopularI'm not sure how true this is
LoveIntelligenceHappiness
loveyouthmoneyI'm confused, is this a trick? Does this mean /r9k/ memes about us are right after all?
LoveTimeMoneyIsn't that what everyone wants
experiencelellove
 Youth Power  IntelligenceTrue.
lovebeautyhonesty;___;
reminder that you're not white if you have brown eyes
Why does your eye color determine if you're white or not?
epic thread op, but heres a more accurate to tell if youre white, just ask yourself the following questionsam i white?if the answer is yes, you are white, congratulations. if the answer is no, you are not white.
thank god for that
blue eyescurly hairhmm....
Grandma has brown skin but blue eyesI have white skin but brown eyesWhy
sweet, i always thought white people were lame as hell
They are. That's why they're proud of something that's genetically arbitrary that they have no control over. They also take the achievements of other people with the same physical traits and become proud and boast about them as if they're their own whilst contributing nothing to society themselves. Desperate is the man who resorts to how he was born as a source of self esteem. They haven't much else.
Greenish grey?
I have a Eurasian friend, brown + white, and he has blue eyes. I have two white parents, one has blue eyes. I have brown eyes anyway.Eye color means nothing
HAH i have green eyes
I have green eyes but I'm not white
Reminder that Italians are not and will never be white
reminder that if you're white you have a small penis
mfw i fuck a white girl and she fee hurt like she's a virginmfw after I fuck a girl she will never feel a white cock
reminder that if you don't have brown eyes, you're a mutant shit
Whites have had the farthest imperiums and have done the most for humanity as a whole in fucking everything. It's not bad to be proud of your heritage and the traditions/mroals/values passed down to you. If there wasn't this process civilization wouldn't exist.
reminder that if you fucked a white girl and were nonwhite you literally got the worst of the crop since all the attractive and moral good women are also simultaneously raised to never even think about sleeping with nonwhites, so through this process you are always going to get shitty white women that are not desired by white males
reminder than pornhub raising girls to like my long non-white cockmfw you're proud of being snow white just like a girl proud of her beautymfw being gay is the only solution for white people
ITT: Whitties were proud, non-whitties mention dick, whitties shut up.
Implying that brown eyes are not a sign of truly superior anglo genetics.Arian cucks go back to pol.
Shh, he's trying to make people feel insecure about their eye color.Will brownlets ever learn?
Eggman?
what color is this? I can never tell if my eyes are supposed to be blue, green, or grey
fuck.
This.Brown-eyed subhumans gtfo.
Incorrect, genes don't work that way.Brother has blue eyes, I have brown eyes.Want to know the real way? If you have pink nipples.Niggers can't have any debate without it turning into MUH DICK.
Sorry for your small dick bro
ebin dread bro
whitebigger than the blacks ITTNow shut up alreadyIt's nothing to do with race
Where do hazel eyes fit in? they are slightly more green if that matters
big picclaiming big dicktopkeknothing to do with racenot according to reality
Who cares?
I don't get itIs 20cm not big to you?Anyway, no need to be so jealous.
what if the nazis rise again and start putting people in camps? i need to know
half blackblu eyes Ebin thread op xD where can I upvote
Whites nowadays are a shadow of what they used to be.When a white if proud of his race I usually imagine that he has no other good qualities about him and wants to feel somehow better by bringing other races to a lower level.
Whitty think 20 cm is big kekFor a white guy maybe, but sadly there's only black cannonsenjoy comparing your dick with whitties kek
tfw not white and don't have brown eyes
that actually a good point, someone are proud of the achievement on life of being white... that's just idiocy I guess.
"Kek" screamed the uncultured swine, slowly bringing down the rest of his races reputation as he hoots and hollers like a stinking baboon, flinging his feces and stroking his 1.5" member
Nazis didn't give a fuck about eye and hair color. Most high ranking Nazis had dark brown or black hair and brown eyes and most of them looked far from being 'pure' Aryan including Hitler himself. They cared about German people. It's a huge misconception that Hitler and the Nazis cared about skin tone, hair and eye color. If you were European of non-Jewish ancestry, you were considered Aryan.
finish yourself and go sleep loser.the only advantage a whitty have over a black is if he want to be a trap, it will suit him moreI will be happy to slap that ass tho
tfw whitetfw Slavictfw brown hair and eyes
inb4Slavwhite
Actually white people have an average dick and Asians have a small onePersonally I prefer small ones and I think it's stupid how much people care
silly cuckYour cock is nowhere near mine
blue eyed master raceboth my parents are shit irises
Okay this is ridiculous and you're not going to Social engineer this into a Forced Meme. Brown eyed girls are sexy and i prefer them. enough!

Same here. Both my parents have brown eyes mom has hazel eyes and dad has dark brown eyes, but I have blue eyes. My grandpa had dark blue eyes so that's probably where I got my blue eyes from.
average isn't impressive sadly, or even desirablehow mad you are?
thank goodness then, i probably would have survived the holocaust
"statistics gathered in the USA indicate that on average black men were indeed longer than whites and Hispanics in that area -- but only by about one-third of an inch. Black men have the longest penises, and the shortest. For American men all races, the average length is about 5 and two-thirds inches, for black men about five and three-quarter inches. The reason the measure of black men did not "swell" the average by a full third-of an-inch is that African-American adult men, as a statistical minority, had fewer men measured as a group than whites and Hispanics, and thus were underweighted in dragging up the average."
average isn't impressive sadly, or even desirableBut why?big dicks suck
lel some whitty insecure about his dick making excuses...at the dick size map, America with its black people can't even compete, and as you see Africa came first and south America after.'Merica is the country of small dicks I guess
Well my penis is an acceptable size for me, doesn't feel small though I'm not insecure enough to measure it. Also I'm a lolicon, not interested in 3DPD.
The sizes are self reported so I won't trust that map
I'd still choose to be white over black or any other race regardless of dick size and I'm sure most non-whites would, too.
According to you white people are only 10,000 years old
ITT: one non-white making whitteys insecure about dickswhat a white person have and others don't? besides small dick...
You know you can check for samefag right ?
This is showing your samefagging, I didn't samefagged only defended the glorious long shlong master race.
I thought this after I cropped it but no
sounds correct
thisbrown is master race literary
brown eyes are top tier tbh blue eyes are shit tier everyone knows it trolls
brown hairThat's actually a good feature. At least you don't have shitty black hair.....
Look again, I'm not samefagging I'm just responding.Blue eyes are more attractive than brown eyes, I have shit tier brown eyes but I can't be anything other than White unless you're one of those autists who think Irish / Norwegians aren't White which is where the blue eyes come from.That being said I personally like Green eyes but there is something really kawaii about loli with purple eyes.
FinallyOoga booga gimme welfare white boi
Hitler had blue eyes
implying I give a shit about anyone thinking I'm white
I think only Swedes people are white people, others are pretenders.
Sweden is Somalian and Sudanese these days.SWEDEN YES!
Why be white when you can be magyar master-race? Get rekt Indo-yuropoor cucks
Keep teeling urself that shitskin
slavbrown hairbown eyeswhite
Oh? Tell me more.
why was my hair brown when I was a kid and black now, So was my brothers his was dirty blonde then brown.
Yeah, my hair got a lot darker after puberty too. It's pretty common. Honestly, I'm pretty happy with dark brown.
Italians are north africans so obviously they can't be white
tfw brown curly hair brown eyesIt's not fair because I don't get tanned.. just sunburnt, why do I get the non-white features but not the non-white benefits!
hazel mustard race
Irish heritage, I'm guessing.implying celtics are white
tfw Syrian Sicilian ScottishI already knew I wasn't white but why am I not allowed to have the non-white no-burn feature?I've been told I look Irish though, which is weird considering my mix
tfw black eyes and hairtfw GermanIf not white then what am I? Surely Germanic people are white
germansnot turks in disguiseNice try Hans Mohammed Müller
I can accept being a turk
bright green eyes reporting in.Brown and blue eyes are both pleb tier.
My dad and sister have green eyes. ITS NOT FAIR!!!!
Obviously. I'm Middle Eastern
porcelain white skineyes as blue as the skydark brown hairits nice being white
tfw same lightbrown eyecolor as haircolorAs if I wasnt plain enough already
Look at the First picture of this thread is this you?If yes, you are a shame to the white race
Anything other than brown eyes to me looks disgusting. You look like a fucking blind with eye problems. Which you're probably more prone to.
Brown eyed people look like they have no soul. When I stare into their eyes it's just infinite blackness. Death.
Green eyeswhite skin, yet no freckles or cancer spotsblond hairboth parents the same, except they have blue eyes
nice thread
Nice try, ginger.
be white, blue eyes, 6ft, fair hairgf is half Mexican, dark skin, brown eyes, dark hair, 5'3"JUST FUCK MY GENE POOL UP
Blue eyes are Aryan tier mateGreen eyes a shit
both parents have blue eyesyou dont have blue eyesyour "father" is a topcuck
Actually green eyes are the rarest and most evolvedBlue eyes are literally common and pleb tier. People with blue eyes are invariably cucks and betas. You didnt believe that shit about blue eyed Aryans did you? Hitler had brown eyes you cuck.
ITT: JIDF plays divide and conquer to get whites fighting amongst themselves
What if absolutely every member of my family except me does?
Goebbels described one of his first meetings with Adolf Hitler in the diaries he kept:Shakes my hand. Like an old friend. And those big blue eyes. Like stars. He is glad to see me. I am in heaven. That man has everything to be king.
light blue/greyjust like my lifedull and empty
try mecurly dark brown hair almost blackbrown eyespalelankletI could pass for a jew. And I have recessive genes for blue eyes.Thanks mum.
Because this board is filled with faggots who devote way too much time to this shit. Alsogreen eyed master race
what are contacts
open blue eye threadshitskin butthurtevery timewithout fail
Your grandma sounds hot.
Bitch if my skin color is white how the fuck am I not white? That's like saying a black person with blue eyes isn't black because of their eye color you dumb fuck
can't we go back to simpler times? Mid Novermber 14 - Late January 15 was the bet /r9k/ had ever been, and it just hasn't been the same since then. Poo Poo Pee Pee happened half a year ago, friends. And we all witnessed the collapse.
Which tripfag do you love the most?My favorite is Bandage! He is a very nice guy!!!
JUST
Bandage put back your trip code.
I really like 40%tfw he doesn't know you existtfw you will never play vidya with him
I'm not Bandage!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Karen506.png
Metric pls go
The average tripfag
Necrofag is the only acceptable triptfw you will never double team a corpse with him
Bandage is just a meme tripfag
him
Necro is a g-grill? The same still applies
Most tripfags aren't badAnonymous can be worseJust no name to blame
It's not the quality of trip posts that annoy anons, it's just how egocentric you have to be to use a tripcode on an anonymous imageboard.
As an ex-tripfag these threads are worthless and OP should become an hero.
*Yawwwwwwn*Hey, I didn't see you there, vaginaslave! Did your gf let you use the computer again? Oh, what's that? She wants to go see that boring chick flick with you? That's too bad, gotta go so maybe she'll give you sex tonight. Well, she'll lay there like a dead fish the whole time but sex is sex, right?Don't mind me, I'll just be enjoying my hobbies and using my free time as I see fit. with no woman around to please, I get to keep both my time AND my hard earned money for myself. Do you even remember what your hobbies were?Too bad you'll have to spend another sunday being dragged through clothing shops instead of doing what you actually desire, and improving yourself and maybe even society in the process.But the sex is totally worth it right, vagcuck? Well, you go ahead and continue being a slave to vagina, I'll be here enjoying life as a free man.
I have no ambition or the social skills to go out and find a partner therefore having one is bad  Y-YOU TOO
confirmed for vagcuck
le genetic fallacy
Good morning, wagecucks!Another day, another dollar!
Thanks, I will
What the fuck did you just fucking say to me you little frog? The pride always comes before the fall, and i just saw a pack of lions walk through town, kiddo
Oh, good afternoon neet.What've you done today?
every fucking day I come back from overnight shift. I have to see your shit 'wagecuck' thread.What happened to being called a wageslave? I prefered wageslave than wagecuck. This is humiliating.
It's raining so I have the day off. That's one of the perks of working outside
Another day, another dollar!You're absolutely right! It's the first of the month which means my adrev check should be here very soon.
Enjoy that 733 a month off the crumbs of my table neet dog. Stay a bottom feeder.
tfw NEET since 2010hardly can afford decent, healthy foodnothing left or deficit at the end of the monthexhausted all low cost and free hobbiesrejected at McDonalds and KFCgot offered a $2/hr job for the retardedI want off this ride, but this ride never ends.
Morning! Today I'll go back to standing behind a bar, having qt's flirting with me all day and getting payed real money for it. What will you be doing today Mr NEET?
their cuck slave lives are so shit that they flip out E V E R Y S I N G L E T I M E
standing behind a barpoor loser... I feel so sorry for you, seriously.
I'll hit the weights at my buddy's house, write my novel, pratice my drum playing skills, watch some series and have a lan party at night.Good luck with your qt :^
Checked
Thanks, NEET! I am happy to work in order to support the less fortunate! Enjoy your day!
Another "This."
whats an Ian party?
Be highschool teacherGet played to play youtube videos for kids all day1300 a week150k in the bankDo you even know what it's like to have more than three digits in the bank?
whats a lan partytruly 4chan culture is dead if people are asking things like this.
So you gonna tell me or?
broke 90k on friday
30/hr as a teacherlol
NEETs, what's it like knowing no woman will ever be romantically interested in you? I mean I know your excuse is that all women are evil sluts and that's why they won't go out with a jobless loser that lives with his parents, but sooner or later even you will stop believing that.What's it like living on borrowed time, when you know that sooner or later your caretakers will stop enabling an aspie to be a useless fatass? Eventually, your life will come to 2 choices. You can kill yourself, or you can go put and look for a job and become a wageslave yourself except worse because now you're 30 years old with no social skills, no marketable skills, and you have no work historyYou'll be lucky to get a McJob at that point.
Neets will never know this feel.
this is b8
It's when friends would get together somewhere and all bring their computers. They would put the computers in a local network LAN and play "online" games with 5ping.It's a necessity from the old days when internet was too shitty to do online gaming.
People playing videogames together both IRL and onlineBegone, newfriend.
16k property?I'm not understanding that one.Otherwise, congrats man!
it's my car, it really shouldn't be listed
NEET since 2011eat healthy, nothing fancy, just nutricioussave between 50 and 150 every monthread downloaded books, run, hike, draw when I feel like itdon't bother applying for jobsdodge the retarded jobsI'm liking this ride
Why do wageslaves get so butthurt?
Being a slave will have that effect on someone
your shit's all retarded m8
that taxi thought america was land of the free
I'm an Auscunt. Someone has to pay for all the dole bludgers and refugees.
watching a moviemain character seems relatableeventually he gets a gf and kissess her passionatelyclose the movieAnybody else?
Why are you so bitter?
Well why do you think?
OP you're the funny go lucky best friend of the main character!
action movie the main character hits an enemy once and he instantly goes unconscious This actually ruined Metal gear solid 3 for me as an adult. The scene where snake takes out the ocelot unit mostly with CQC was so awesome when I was a child, now I just find it ridiculous.
It's not bitter.Someone who goes most of their life without a gf doesn't suddenly get a gf just by being themself.
, 
Fembots, is there a part of you that inherently doesn't trust men, asides from say, your dad and brother?
In general I do not trust people, not men exclusively. I pretty much never talk about my problems with my real life friends of eight years or even family. I talked to people online about them or wrote in a diary. Even so, it seems I was being judged by someone I thought I could trust, online. Therefore I find it hard to form relationships with people easily and I am usually alone. This also translates into loyalty.
I have bad experiences and I believe all men are rapists just that many can control their urge to rape. I am constantly scared by even the weakest and most frail man as he could overpower me. I intentionally make myself unappealing and somewhat ugly when I go outside because I don't want to be a victim again. I don't trust men and all my friends have been female except two.
No, that's bullshit feminists use. I've never been "inherently" scared or nervous of men. God, that's dumb.
Yeah, pretty much this.
Sounds like you've learnt your place.Splendid.
You probably still prefer a muscular chad over a weak male.
all men are rapists just that many can control their urge to rapeAll women are whores just that many can control their urge to whore.
wanna be my gf?
I don't even know you, no.
I'm more attracted to women so all men I've ever been attracted to have somewhat 'soft' features, not necessarily feminine features though. I find muscles disgusting because it reminds me of bulky farm animals
I trust men as much as I trust women. I've found that most people are basically good human beings. I have zero inherent fear of men and am often perplexed when other people talk about being scared of them. I credit this to having a responsible, kind, and loving father who taught me well.
Wanting to date a girl with the "trust issues :" red flag
I don't trust anyone, but I tend to think that women will hurt me emotionally and men will hurt me physically. I'm much more scared of men as far as violent attacks, but I always have been because of parental influence. Also, 4chan has pretty much convinced me that no guy will ever want to be platonic friends. My real-life experiences have only proven that to be true. Since I can't emotionally deal with anything past friendship right now, I immediately shut down any guy who approaches me. It's amazing how many men still get angry when I tell them I don't want to waste their time.
that's a good occasion to get to know me
Why is it a red flag?
you are a man but whateverif you are qt, no attempt of making you unappealing will stop me from having a quick scenario played in my head about fucking your mouth when i see you on the bus next timei dont rape though
 The "I have trust issues anon :" is one of the most obvious red flags bro, it's like huge piercings and short flaming red hair. She probably has an SJW victim complex
You just admitted you fantasize of rape. More PROOF I am right. One day all your testosterone will build up and you'll rape the nearest innocent bystander. You need therapy.
I am not a sjw and the only piercings I have are on the ears, my hair is my natural hair colour. I was asking more in terms of what happens, like someone who sleeps around =more likely to not commit.
how it is rape if i fantasize about you sucking my dick because you want to do it?consent is sexy, rape isnt
I can empathize with your fear, but most girls I have dated were much more likely to have violent rape fantasies than myself. I was only indulging their fantasies, but I admit I too like rape fantasies and the idea of pinning you down etc.
If you are more attractive than the guy, or you are equal to him in terms of attractiveness he will want to date you, but if he is more attractive than you you can have a normal friendship, assuming you don't get feelings for him. Not that many guys want female friends though, you are right, I've had a few and they were ok, but just not all that fun to hang out with.
tfw no small qt girl i can protect
I'm a big guy, I dated a really petite girl once and on one of the first dates she told she was generally scared of men and avoided them. Weird to hear that, felt good when she said she felt safe with me though.
Sounds SJW but you are actually correct about men.This is also true.
i got beat up a lot by my male family members and now i'm afraid to be close to guys in real life cause they're stronger than me and could physically hurt me again. i don't have anything against males though i'm just a little paranoid and rather be around girls now??
I-I could protect you
le greater sign of implications meme
plsdo heheh
you can ride on my shoulders while I kick baddies in the face
Jokes on you because I masturbate to ugly fat NARCO women being beheaded with their tits out. Nothing can hold me down.
sounds good :D
I believe all men are rapists just that many can control their urge to rape.If a man controls his urge to rape and doesn't rape anybody because of that, how is he still a rapist?Might as well say that all people are murderers, just that many can control their urge to murder. All people are obese, it's just that many control their urge to overeat, etc. If you control your urge to murder or your urge to overeat, you're simply not a murderer, nor a fatty.
5 years. I've been at uni for 5 years now. For the last 4 of those years I failed everything. I dropped out of one degree and started another this year. I have exams in less than a week and I'm completely unprepared.Why do I keep doing this to myself? It's like I'm scared to enter the real world. I don't find happiness in studying, or working. Hell, I don't really find happiness in anything anymore.I haven't played video games in months and being online is nothing more than a distraction from my inadequacies.There are only two things that gave me joy in the last 5 years.1. Helping my sister look after her kids. My niece is so sweet and kind, it makes me tear up just thinking about the way her face would light up when she saw me.2. Spending time with this girl who I'm friends with. Even though she made it clear she wasn't interested in me romantically from the start, I still enjoyed being around her. But now it's become too much. I can even see that on paper we are not a good match, but I can't help how I feel. I spent so much time around her I thought of her as family, but I know she'll never feel the same way.A month ago she started dating someone else she had only broken up with a previous long term bf a few months ago. That was when I realised that I must be completely undesirable to her. I guess I'm a good listener because I'm so meek and shy, but clearly she would never be attracted to a person like me.So what the fuck am I supposed to live for? I've failed time and time again in the workforce, at uni, and I feel zero emotional connection with my one friend who I can't bare to see anymore. I feel like I'm completely undesirable even though physically I am maybe 5 or 6/10.I'm almost 30 now. How can I come back from this? My NEETbux will run out by the end of next year. Is there any escape from this Hell?
Sorry for the wall of text. My thoughts are kind of erratic. Have any of you been this messed up and managed to turn it around?I can't even handle hearing people laugh without being upset. The sound of people being happy seems to viscerally offend me for some reason. It's like I don't trust them when they laugh. As if their pleasure only comes at somebody else's expense.I wish I had someone to explore my messed up thoughts and help me not be so messed up, but I'm so conditioned not to open up to anybody. I couldn't even talk to my psychologist.I've been told that I talk like I'm writing an academic paper, even in casual conversation. What's wrong with me? ;_;
nvm
I find it hard its hard to find the well whatever nevermind
Hang in there OP. It's never too late to find your purpose in life.
30Too late, kill yourself.
Feel the same exact way man. Hopefully something will come along.
Are you doing a hard course or course you don't like? Go with something easy like IT or some sort of lower associates degree in finance and work at a entry level job.The truth is that nine out of ten people will hate their jobs; most people would like to sit at home and do nothing whilst making money however that isn't entirely and you should know that by now. Even if you do something you enjoy, the love of it may possibly fall out, and it doesn't matter if people end up doing the jobs they want they still hate it by the end what does that figure entails you about reality?. You're not fucked, but you need to man up, and work for yourself.As for the gal, she's probably at a similar age as you. She probably already knows that you're also interested in her and its time to break a bit of the touch barrier. You may risk losing the friendship, but you should know by now that most friends come, and go, and she'll probably taken again, and possibly get married. I think she you should straight up ask her out, before its too late; gotta break the ice somehow. You wouldn't want to ever bear the pain again especially at the age where most normies get super committed/devoted and married at, bro. Good luck.
Are you really from Somalia?
Sounds like me in a few years. I don't have any connections to girls though.
I feel the same way. I haven't failed anything, but I know the feeling of not wanting/liking studying.I consistently get poor grades in uni when I know exactly how to get fabulous grades. The problem is, I always cram my studies at the end of the term and do well enough on my final so I can dilute my crappy marks throughout the term.If I studied consistently throughout the term, I have no doubt that I could achieve greatness. But I, just have no motivation. No drive. I want to do well in school. I really do. But I just have no drive to do it. Laziness perhaps. I get so easily distracted when I do try to study it's ridiculous. I find the topics I study interesting when I do study them, but I never realize this until the end of the term. On top of that, I will pay close attention in class, understanding what is being taught, but then I will come across something that doesn't make sense, make note that I will have to get that cleared up, but never bother getting it cleared up, just letting it snowball with other concepts that build upon that very thing I didn't bother trying to understand early on.I dunno. I'm about as confused and unhappy as you are I think. So I don't know what advice I can give you. I wish there was a way that I could just get my shit together and achieve greatness like I know I'm capable of, but no motivational speech in the world has ever moved me enough to motivate me.Chin up I guess. Figure out your faults, and how you can improve on them. That's all we can really do. But without the drive, ambition, or motivation, it's pointless.
there is, start lifting

On accutane for 6 months Drink lots of waterMoisturise Exfoliate every three daysTake omega 3, zinc and vitamin Cchange pillow case ofteneat healthy And I still have shitty skin.
go to the gym
Breaking a sweat is probably the only additional thing I could add to my regimen, but it's not going to happen. Could go for runs but not pay for gym membership, way too expensive here.
was meant for 
haha, took acutane for 6 months and did nothing else. My skin is baby smooth now. feels good
Stop drinking milk brah
Iktf. I spend so much time trying to reduce my acne and it's still completely disgusting how much I have. People usually assume I just never wash my face.
What products do you use?
The worst part is that I never had and still don't severe acne, it was pretty mild but apparently very resilient.I don't drink milkOther than the supplements, I only use a light moisturiser and cleanser by la roche-posay which was recommended by the dermatologist.w-we will outgrow it r-right?
And the exfoliant? I'm sorry anon, I've also always had pretty shitty skin and switching up my products helped me out a bit but I like LRP.
Well Idk about you but mine is just getting worse and worse. Pretty much at any given moment my acne is the worst it's ever been in my life. It's a big part of why I don't go outside much anymore, just don't want people to see my fucked up face.
I use the "skin 4 perfect skin" brush thing, with the cleanser every three days.
Sorry to hear that. I'm a very social guy and I tend to forget about my acne when I'm with other people to be honest, maybe because mine isn't so severe. Are you also taking accutane?
Stress will only make it worse.
I'm not a fan of physical exfoliation. I don't respond well to salicylic acid so I tend to use lactic acid and it doesn't irritate my skin. But if you're still on accutane you shouldn't use it. Are you planning on doing a second cycle of it?Sorry man, I've been there before. Cancelling plans because I'm too depressed about my face. JUST BE URSELF :^
sometimes you just gotta wait until your body stops making so much oili had acne for like 5 years but im 19 now and its the best its ever been because my face isnt nearly as oily as before
I've had acne for 12 years and I'm 26. Sometimes you just have acne. Also accutane will solve sebum production issues 99% of the time.
G O M A DOMAD
S T O P F A P
Yeh, maybe I shouldn't use the brush even though I use it very gently. I think I'll give it a break for some time. As far as a second cycle goes, I finish my first cycle in 5 days and have scheduled an appointment with my derm. in two weeks time, so I'll talk to him about it. That's the thing though, accutane stops this oil production entirely and I'm nearly 21.
mfw ruined daddies business meetings with one of his clients by saying his wife had a face almost as sour as the milk that sloshes around in her foetid dudsDid this because he wouldn't buy me a chinese takeaway on saturday night as is our tradidtion.
rich parentsnormie get out
I'm middle class shithead, this is the patrician tier of classes.Dad makes enough to buy me a takeaway every week. Sorry your life sucks so much..... NOT!
business meetingsYeah probably upper middle class.
watching Upfirst 10 minutesI'm...I'm gonna kill myself guys.
Things I'll never have:creativitymy hairline backthe first 10 minutes of Up
why u post this again
tfw not having a soulmateor anyone at all
In time, you learn to accept it and just laugh at how shallow other people relationships truly are.You'll get there.
first ten minutesno reactionWho else /deadinside/
I am 38I am thereI am still infatuated with the concept of soulmates though...
If you're that far ahead you can tell that's a load of shit just to make you have hope things might get better.Well, did they get better?
Is it a meme that this scene is sad? There was nothing sad about it.
Fuck off Adachi, you're just mad you couldn't get laid
I don't know if things got better, but I have found a comfortable life without soulmates etc.I have interesting things going on around me, and I lead a comfortable and safe life.There really is NO reasons to kill yourselves. Just work with what you've got!
Why is it animated movies have a far stronger emotional impact on me than movies with realpeople?
I literally cry every time I watch it. It isn't a meme, it's just that I'm a wimp.
What the actual fuck? I literally just did some research about Emotional Intelligence because how much of a pussy I am, then I happen to come across this videouses the music from Up. HOLY FUCKING SHIT.
I took my three-year-old to see Up the other day. We left after an hour because she didn't want to stick around Thanks for burning my money, kid. But that hardly mattered.Because, this time around, the people at Pixar didn't bother wasting time taking out my heart and tearing it to fucking pieces. They decided there was no point in waiting until the end of their little movie to turn me into a blubbering lump of shit. No, they had to do that shit RIGHT AWAY, packing in as much sad shit as they could into the first ten minutes of that fucking thing: aging, cancer, infertility, and death. Hey, thanks a lot, Pixar. Thanks for gutting my insides with a fish scraper. I really enjoyed that. Fucking infertility? In a movie about balloons? How is my Cambodian son Maddox Pax Zahara Pitt Magary supposed to feel about that, YOU FUCKS?
Because they're idealised.
Anybody who claims they cried or felt some sort of deep sadness after that scene has the emotional capacity of a fucking 5 year old. People die, is this fucking news to you, shirtbirds? People fall out of love too.
left brainedkill yourself loser.
mfw i actually have one of thesemfw never watched upis it good?no face tho
went on a walk at 2am around my towndecide to watch a movie"oh how about that pixar movie with the balloons and the pedophile?"end up crying out loud on the sidewalk barely half a mile away from my house
It's pretty unrealistic though. No one is ever that happy in a marriage, especially for that long.
The first 10 minutes of the movie "UP" is a whole separated movieit can take 10 oscars, it can be the best 10 minutes you can ever spendAbsolutely beautiful
watching it"what kind of bullshit is this, am I supposed to feel something?"starts to get emotional"Fuck this is kinda sad"8 minutes inmfw
Soulmate? C'mon man, that's a fantasy. People can be close but the idea of a perfect human match is bogus.Nice dubs anyway
Women that surprised you and changed your beliefs about everything.nicest girl I knowlives too far away to start anything, but I'd be interestedtalk every now and thenhas never had a boyfriendnerdy interestsshy and timidone of the few times she goes outwent to a concert with a friendgot drunkwas caught blowing off a dude with another girl in a bathroomThis event changed me more than any MGTOW blog or whatever.In vino veritas.Want to see women's true nature: get them drunk. That's when you see what they truly desire.
generic "omg so shy" is actually a whoreOP is surprisedPoor bastard, probably saw himself with her too.
girls like to suck cockmore news at 11
One girl changed your mind about all women in the world? That's irrational
This. Men are stupid. Since when did you need a bf to have sexual relations? Women lie through omission of truth.
Guess what? She was raped. It's 100% legally not her fault. How can you judge her like that?
Who "caught" them? How do you know about this?
Yep, I was talking with a female co worker and asked her how obvious is it I'm inexperienced. She said "It's kinda obvious, but don't worry I'm a virgin too."YEAH. RIGHT. NOT POSSIBLE.
I hate sucking cock. It's uncomfortable, boring, and repulsive.Girls do stupid shit that they normally wouldn't want to do when they're drunk.But I'd sooner munch a box than suck anyone's dick, and I'm straight. It's just a lot easier.
I don't want to suck dicks oh straight btwYeah no shit, fuckin' clown.
Shove a banana down your throat. Tell me how fun it is.Add sweat and hairy ballsack to the equation.Between not trying to throw up from the ol' gag reflex being tested and dealing with that pretty landscape, it's a goddamn party.
You're straight m8, you already have a sense of "I won't like this" in your mind so that takes a toll.There are girls that love it.
There are girls that love it.You mean I'm not a special snowflake for blowjobs being my main fetish?Sucks.
Well what do you like?
, 
Be a typical, self-absorbed, Netflix and iPhone skankYou're also pregnant with the father nowhere in sightYou can go on Tinder, get matches "within seconds" and have validation on tapHolocaust when?
nuclear holocaust?
I dont know who to hate more. The whores or the male enablers.
tfw making a new meme
LE FORCED MAYMAYS THREAD XDDDD
Meet guyLike him a lotThings progress after a month of datingStart to prepare for sexTake off our clothesHe has a micropenistfw
Wow a literal micropenis? 3" ?
Check out this picture of Karen! She's riding in a car!
awful thread
Bandage do you get excited when you post Karen? I can imagine you getting giddy attaching your image
I know this feel. He wasn't a large guy thin, 5'4 so I didn't expect it to be huge, but it was comparable to one if my fingers, in length and width. I stayed with him for about a year, and it wasn't a HUGE deal, but I'm sure he knew how disappointing it was.
Where's that guy that posts that wizard rolling image?
daily reminder
Honestly, yes. The most I post Karen in threads, the happier I get. And the happier I get, the more I want to post! I've got 653 pictures of her, now. This is way more than I was anticipating getting. I think I'm taking more screenshots than I was for season 1. Maybe I should rewatch it and screenshot things again!
probably less. no more thoughhit too close to home, babe?sorry
That's cute fagHard? Dear Christ I feel insecure with my 5ish inches
Guy meets girlShe likes him a lotThings progress after a month of datingThey start to prepare for sexThey take off their clothesShe has roast beef flapshisfacewhen.gif
Thanks, anon
You probably have a disgusting roastie. Kill yourself.
Fap once a weekDo cardio 4 times a weekSupplement L-arganine and ZincIf you've been deathgripping youve hurt your penile tissue. Supplement any of the followingTissue growth; Opiopogon, Astragalus Membranaceus, CimicifugaNerve growth; Cornus Officinalis, Atractylodes Macrocephala, Alima PlantagoPenile chamber tissue; Rhodiola Rosea, Atractylodes Macrocephala, Milk ThristleAfter a month of this start JelquingGoogle JP 90 beginner jelqBathmate is the safest and most effective penis pumpStart using this once a weekKeep all this up for a year or more and then thank me for your new healthier bigger penis

Rowl
roll
the fuck is this dating bullshit?Do guys in america really spend money just to get to know a girl?
Rolling
someone felt like these drawn tits had reason to be censoredseriously? what child friendly site is this image being posted on?
Sounds lik gym-bro pseudoscience
alright i'm hyped
It begins with an "r" and ends with "eddit"
Roiiilll
L-argentine is actually good for blood flow I've looked at some actual medical sites , I'm too skeptical to do jelqs or bathmates
Its worked ok for me so far m8. Gone from 5x4.5 to 6x5
rolling
Ive got a on a good day 4 incher that hurts and thats been flying at half mast due to daily seshs of hard hours long fapping. im going to give it a fuckin shot
Roll roll roll
I kinda want to try jelquing cause there's no downside to being bigger but it just seems kind of disgusting to me. I just don't feel comfortable doing weird shit to my dick. I guess fortune favors the bold though.
thinking 653 is impressiveAnd I though this board wasn't supposed to be full of casuals.
Its seriously like a more controlled lubed up slow steady fap. Not too weird at least imo
roll
I don't save fanart. She isn't the sole focus of the show, so there's a lot less screencaps I can get of her as opposed to someone who has Tomoko as a waifu.
Rollann
Reroll
rol
I take back my rude words.
meet girl I'm not that attracted to she's way prettier than I tought get her nakedshe's gorgeous have sex with her three times fall in love with her instantly never hear from her again I don't even have a micro penis. may have been the giant dump I took in her bathroom that did it. I guess I'll never known
That is very kind of you, anon.
rolling
lel
be meI'm a fagtake dick like no tomorrowthis postLarger dicks are annoying and painful. Put effort into your confidence and style, not this bullshit.
Well thanks for that. Guess I'll just kill myself.
Roooollll
I'm a fag Opinion discarded a vagina is actually made for sex so it's not as big a problem
No, a 6" micropenis.
Hurr l8 as fuck b8
Sorry it took me so long. I had to go measure it again to make sure it was really that small.
My boyfriend is about 3''x3'', although I don't think he technically has a micropenis. Sex with him is pretty underwhelming, sure, but that doesn't matter because I love everything else about him. A person can't help being born with things like that. Maybe there are treatments for those with enough money to afford them, but most people are just stuck living their lives with conditions like that. Give the relationship a chance if you like him as a person, because the sexual issue is actually very easy to work around. Sex really isn't a huge part of a happy relationship. Most couples don't even do it every day.The biggest one I've seen in person was on a short, skinny guy. I don't think you can really guess the size of a penis from the size of the guy to whom it's attached.We don't just jump into bed with random people on this side of the pond. Well, my generation doesn't at least. These kids nowadays have no morals when it comes to sexuality.I have no idea whether or not it works, but there is such a thing as too big, and it's probably smaller than you think. If you're already average, you should probably find something better to do with your time.
I'm pretty sure 3" is the cut off so if he's like 3.1" it may not qualify
I wish the person who made this had picked a better image of nails for it. Because I do fantasize about nails in the shower, but never ugly ones like that...
ROLL NIGGA
OK so i have a question for femanons. Assuming you get along with the guy of course : If a guy is short like 5'6 manlet and fat belly and all and white, but he has a 6 inch long tip to pelvic bone, 5.2 girth penis.. would it balance out?
I could accept 5'6 because I'm shorter anyway, but the belly is a deal-breaker. No dick will make up for that, especially combined with the height.
No I'd rather date a 6'0 guy with a 4"
just lose weight you fat fuck
What about belly, same size dick and 6'3?
Then maybe, but it would also heavily depend on personality, face and overall fitness. Like if you're chubby but really strong, it could work maybe.
I thought it was more than that, and he mentions a penis pump in his post. Idk I just feel very cautious about doing things to my dick.I'm already a couple inches above average I just want to have an 8" Thundercock
I'm reminded
Roll
I don't care at all about a guy's height or penis size, but there's really no excuse for being fat. I'm not saying that I'd never date a fat guy, but he'd have to acknowledge his weight as a problem, and show a willingness to make positive changes to his diet and lifestyle. I could never be with a guy who subscribed to fat positivism or related nonsense.
rolling
rolling
This is truly a huge fear for me. How do you even deal with that situation? I'm so scared I'll make a face and crush him, or if I break up with him he'll know why and get depressed. I think I'd have to hunt down old gf's and find out his size just to avoid getting caught off guard and hurting his feelings. Nothing worse than feeling like something about you is inadequate when you're completely exposed and vulnerable
took that post way to personally to not have a small dick
Pics?
That's still really small, man. Penis size is rather important since it's an actual part of the intercourse process. I dunno, there are girls out there who don't really care for sex and probably won't care what size he is. I don't think I could stay with someone that size... smallest I'd be content with would be thick 5.5, which is thankfully common.
Blaming men for not being able to satisfy her giant gaping roastie.
Definitely not with a belly. If you're short you have to be fit. Not bulky cos it would look squat at that height, but fit. I'm 5'7, and would prefer a guy 4+ inches taller, but I wouldn't have an issue with dating someone 5'6 if I liked him. 6 inch would definitely be a huge bonus.But no fat.
I wasn't saying it wasn't I'm not that tiny actually  thank christ  I was just saying the medical definition of micro penis is  3"
Roll
lel kek
cmon slime
role
I never cared about my penis size before 4chan, now im so happy its 6".
make eye contact with a male for the first time in monthsthink he is staring at me and comparing me to my sistersIf only I could read minds.
Pls
roooooool
Lol
Rolling for the good or not
5 inches is ok, right?
Rolling
pls pure end
Please another chance ;_;
Rollan
what can go wrong.
boy i sure do love some fucking derails
rl
60 get
Im very much like you m8, same height and dick size, and kinda have a tummy skinnyfat. Im getting in shape and hopefully will get rid of that belly. Thanks femanons for the honest answers.
roll
Rollan'
mfw when big dick
can relate breh
Just fuck my shit up.
rull
y generation doesn't at least. These kids nowadays have no morals when it comes to sexuality.people today are less promiscuous than Gen X, who were also less promiscuous than the boomersget fuckd
roll
so what feeling is it? joy? micropenis is very cute and also doesn't hurt
Roll
Rolling
rollin rollin
how is that a derail, it only keeps the thread alive. Rolling should go back to /b/ and just stay there
roll
based unknown
41 get
*CHANNEL* DRAGON GIRL *CHANNEL*
rollin for qt
Well, rolling.
Rolling!
roll~
Hey anon, good morning, how was your weekend?
It was very chinI mean, jackie chanfucky-you too
that chick looks like the watermelons the japs grow that are cubes. they put a mold on it and shit grows square. did they do it to her too?
343 is 7 cubed
 It was all right angles... I mean alright. Fuck
What have you been up to since leaving the fairly odd parents?
all i did was hang around my block
All these played out jokes
Your post was shit
, 
, 
fags you're going to die alone no matter what even if you have a girlfriend or wife
So Anon are you working at the moment?Hey who smells like an ashtray?Why don't you open your curtains Anon?I heard you're in therapy now, how's that going?Anon, you haven't touched your food, are you OK?Didn't you wear those clothes yesterday? Have you even slept?Why are you so angry all the time Anon?We're desperately worried about youDid you stop taking your meds?
What did you take last night? Should I drive you to the hospital? Will you come to church with us this Sunday? Do you need some money? Where did our little girl go?
so how is that job search going?did you try here and this and that?you know we'd be so happy if you had a jobit would be really nice if you had a girlfriendevery fucking time for the past 10 years
No. me. I have enough vitamin D. therapy sucks. im fine, just not hungry. sleep is for the weak or the employed. because shit is pissing me off. don't. you mean the meds that make me feel distant and turn me into a zombie? the ones that make me unable to finish 40% all sentences I speak? of course I cut that shit out. a variety of things, including but not limited to a strangers dick. I'll pass on the hospital. I'll also pass on the church. I would love some money, but if you dont want to give me any, thats fine; because I seem to be amazing at contorting small pieces of the world around my life to achieve the goals I have deemed to be most important. your little girl grew the fuck up and made her own decisions. sure.... you might not like them but guilting me into hating myself because you dont like what I do is not my problem.... that problem is for jesus.
tfw you realize everyone is just living in first-person just the same as you are
Yup, this one is pretty disturbing.
Damn
only one person on /r9k/ is introspective enough to even think about thisThis place really has been taken over by normies.
butterflies
You didn't learn this at a very young age?
OP is probably autistic. Didn't develop the same awareness everyone did at a young age.
introspectiveI remember thinking about this shit when I was in elementary school. Don't flatter OP.
We've all thought about this though... Just that it feels weird
I dont like thinking back amd rememberkng when i was a kid. Not just remembering some event that happened, but really going back and recalling what i saw and felt at a young age, from that first person perspective. It really fucks with my head as i think about how the kid i was then is now the person i am now... Makes me not want to look in mirror because i feel like i look like a different person entirely.I have also spent time thinking about how dumb it is to be socially anxious or awkward - that said i am both - we are just animals that have evolved into having dumb concepts like small talk and im bad at it? Despite its meaninglessness..? But i still camt help but suck at being around new people.I sometimes think about how other people see situations i watch them in, but thats always based on how i felt in the most similiar experience ive had to tht situation.It also fucks with me to think how every single person who posts on this board has had to endure constant thinking and that has contributed minute after minute to what their personality is today.Think about it, if you werent self conscious that first time, the snowball effect would either not happen or would be delayed and you might be in a better situation today.When i talk to people about how they feel when they smoke weed they just say they space out... And i feel weird cause these are the sort of things i sit there and torment my head with for hours when high
I hate phone keyboards
Prove it.
nigger I've thought of that since i was like 6grow upalso tfw you try to imagine yourself as a tertiary side character from the perspective of a stranger walking by you on the streetso do I but then again I was a pretty introspective and socially isolated kid
, 
people are nothing more than a game to mespend months at a time strategically planting ideas into people's heads, and playing mind gamesget bored of someone after a while and move on to my next victim but that's okay because there's literally billions of you dirty little roaches to fuck around withsome people actually believe I care about them as people but the truth is I only use them for my personal advantage and entertainment
rotten pasta
same tbh
same tbh
I've been waiting for this thread.
Same tbh
same tbh
Most likely you've never done any of this
Same tbh
S A M E T B H
same tbh
Haha, le psychopath face amirite!You're just an insecure little boy who quickly use people before they manage to use you first. You've been hurt before and now you think you're le emotionless psycho
what does "same" stand for?
same tbhame tbhme tbhe tbh
same tbhametbh
Daily reminder that if you like sports you are a normie, no exceptions.
Feather pubesBest part about this image tee bee ach
This is how i cope with my numerous issues ;__;
Does it help?
ew.
I don't understand using cutting as a coping mechanism.I've self harmed in the past, but only to punish myself for being a piece of shit--not to "cope".
kill yourself you fucking faggot
Nice, keep going
You should teach Cebruz how to not be a bitchcutter
it's literally solely for attention whoring. people will lie and bullshit saying "it helps me cope; pain to numb the pain" "uuuhh i'm so depressed i gotta cut myself, its the only way to cope" - it's all bullshit. they'll say that but all they do is post pictures of their arms to cry out for attention, or hope someone sees the cuts and gives them attention. i've always thought this is the most childish and inane "coping" strategy. inexplicable
I have half a mind to call you a faggot for this. But I won't. You're a fucking idiot though.
i can see lipids and tissues, amazing!keep;em comming anon, its for the science
Cutting is just a stupid idea when you want to cope with somethingSometimes, you just have to deal with the fact that youre facing, you cant compensate for it by cutting youself to "cut the pain". Pain at all is normal, bad thing surely happen, but they should never something like that just to deal with an issue.I always think of one quote an anon gave me on /v/ about vidya, and I can relate to it in many ways in real life too, it was about losing in RTS or losing online games in general and about humiliation after it:Who is humilliating you?The guy who beat you in Zimbawe across the internet? a friend irl? your girlfriend?Fuck them and fuck your pride. Git gud, faggot. They didn't lost shit because they didn't even try. They won't git gud. You will.I know it looks like a videogame, but it's actually battling against yourself. The path to self discovery.The Gitting Gud Path.This is still motivating me. Back to the topic: Self harm is not good, i tried it myself, not by cutting but by grinding my fingers against a wall until the skin starts to peel off and just keep on. After I did it, I didnt felt better. Its a stupid way of dealing with other things, I suppose, shitposting on /v/ is a better way than thatTL;DR Self harm is stupid, git gud faggot
dig your finger under the skin and pull so it stretches up and we can see underneath
Well, does it still hurt :/?I think you should doing it, bro.
Just stop cutting Yourself for fucks sake.Work on self improvement or focus on something else.
it's literally solely for attention whoringThis is probably true. All the suicidal posters are also trying to "cope" but 999 times out of 1000 they don't end up killing themselves because if they're dead they'll get no attention. And if they do end up killing themselves it's probably accidental in that theire subconscious was going to reel itself in but somehow lapsed in that rescue task.
im awfully sorry it hasn't gotten you anywherei so badly want to lick that too
Now cut vertically and all your problems will be gone
Expose the spooky skelton inside!
You forgot extort sympathy on a jap image board
cool
Iv got undiagnosed depression. I know I have it because iv googled the symptoms and I have all of themI'm not gonna go in detail, but i know I'm depressed. Should I see a doctor? Do Anti depressants work? Will they make me feel less shitty? I need first hand experiences please
Depends what your depressed about really
I know I'm just a random anon on the internet, but you really shouldn't be taking SSRI's, if you're that desperate and you've tried everything else then I can't fault you.Look up information of the link between magnesium deficiency and depression.look up what else could be lacking your diet. Also are you consuming locks of caffeine? caffeine depletes key minerals, inhibits GABA.Are you drinking enough water? dehydration can raise cortisol levels, and even cause symptoms of depression.Don't start taking jew pills out of no where without any form of research yourself.
im not normalfag enough to visit a doctor and tell him my problems
*lots
i'm on zoloft, and my life has improved pretty damn significantly since i started taking them so yeah, i would give it a shot if i were you.
There was a post a couple of days ago where an anon said if you're depressed then just force yourself to do the exact thing a non depressed person would do, be it cleaning up, going out, talking to people or working. That simple. Just do it. And skip the pills. You just become an actor and pretend. And pretty soon the actor forgets he's playing a part...
facepalmit was a bait for people like you
Venlafaxine 75mgDoesn't do anything positive for me.
serotonergic drugs are shittry tianeptine instead
he fell for my bait
What's the difference between SSRIs and SNRIs? Anons around here seem to deeply dislike SSRIs, are SNRIs any better?
i had some about 1,5 years ago and they kinda helped i guess
same shit different smellthe only difference is that your dick keeps workingbut that's offset by the anxiety it brings
I'm on SSRIs for 3 years now, I'm not sure if the help. But maybe it would be worse without them
Starting new Uni courseTextbooks cost $700Author is the lecturer of the subject
JUST
surname of university chancellor is Cohen

Textbooks cost $700what the fuckAuthor is the lecturer of the subjectWell at least you will be getting a good education, even better if you are in a first world country
Link the book
In my entire time at uni I bought 2 books and 3 handbook. My first semester reading list was about 20 books.Never buy all that shit, you can probably download it if you look hard enough.
what the fuck4 subjects. 1-2 textbooks for each subject, each book costs between 75-160 bucks.
Based
Holy fuck, there is a woman in my house with an 18 months old baby and the baby is just touching everything, what do I do? How do I deal with this beast?
Put some hot sauce into a spray bottle and spray a bit onto things. You'll have to clean off the hot sauce but the baby will have a fit
Close the door to your room and then sanitize everything after she leaves.
Landmines
I'm British, we don't keep any hot sauce lying about the place, literally wtf? I'm so scared, what do I do?
Drag the kid back into the kitchen with its mother
carry the baby away from stuff you don't want them to touch.
I don't know what I would do if the baby started to cry, mother might kill me and it's pretty strong, can lift up candles and everything.She's on the shitter
put a tiny bit of alcohol in its bottle or sippycup or w/e. babies are lightweights and pass out pretty easily
call in a baby wrangler to subdue the menace
Sit on the baby like a good robot.
Fuck fuck she just broke my lamp, that was like £40
Draw on it with permanent marker pen. Swastikas, pentagrams. The choices are endless.
The mum is on the sofa opposite telling me some story about the baby, not an option im afraid
tell her to kindly make sure the baby doesn't touch anything because it might catch your germs and make it sick
 be me  highschool 12th grade, two years older than most of my classmates history teacher hands out a article about the holocaustwe Germans take our history serious teacher wants me to read it out loud class is very quiet because holocaust is serious start reading "...six million jews were killed by Adolf Hitler's Nazi regime..."sometimes I have to laugh in really serious situations I start to chuckle class looks at me, I go on reading after I read "Hitler" again I lose it and laugh out loud everyone stares at me until someone continues reading for the rest of the class I sit on my place almost crying of laugher
Sehr geil mein Freund. Die Spießer können dir eh am Arsch vorbeigehen
Laughing about the brutal loss of life through slave labor, starvation and malnutritionAnd you wonder why white countries are all of sudden cursed with massive 3rd world immigration as if we are mysteriously paying for the sins of our ancestors.....1 word, God.
Check this faggot out
Hahaha I could totally see this happening to me. I also start laughing in serious situations. A couple weeks ago in my History class we were talking about slaves and when they showed us a pic of a slave in chains I just started laughing. That was the day I realized that there was no way I was a normie.
Oy vey good goyNever forget about the six gorrilion.
pricelessi wish i was there.Can you tell more?
 So you were 20 and in 12th grade? Retard.
Teacher asked me after class why I laughed. I told her that my neighbor made me laughnot true. I laughed with my classmates after the lesson about it.
Oy vey good goy, never acknowledge any wrong doing. Never keep moving on from the past, incite more Nazi like lies so that the memory of the holocaust can never be extinguished. People like you keep the memory running.
A couple weeks ago in my History classthis site has an age limit, newkid
highschool 12th grade
At least I'm doing school you faggot
Does one still wank if one has a gf?
that's what I hear, and a lot girls will be jealous of it and will try to take your porn.
When I was with my ex I woke up to him wanking whilst, I assumed, looking at me sleeping. As long as he's not wanking off on someone elses face/looking at people I know/he will ever meet, I'm mostly okay with it, and most others probably are too.
wankings even better when youve got a gf
YesJust don't be an idiot and tell her.They can't handle it.
Yeah, I do.I've seen it written out better, but theres an analogy that wanking is like a hotdog, while sex with the gf is like a well cooked steak. Even when you're having regular well prepared meals, every now and then you still just feel like a hotdog.
Only during period week.
period week.You mean anal week?
My bf does, I'm pretty sure it's normal? I blew him to porn once but I think that felt weird for him and he never asked for it after
Well said indeed.
Yeah.Gf doesn't mind, she prefers to do it for me or have sex but sometimes the need arises and she's not here so go for it.
Yes. Sex takes effort. You can't always make her pussy stimulate your dick like your hand can. Yeah it's great, but sometimes you just want to sit alone and fap.
Yes, sex and masturbation are two completely different things. If a girl can't handle you jerking off from time to time she's probably trash or too young.
everyday after she falls asleep
Yeah it's nbd. Only cause we're long distance for a few weeks
Yeah, not as often though. Sometimes you don't wank in order to enjoy sex more. Sometimes you wank before sex in order to last longer. It varies.
Never felt this probably because you have to have a gf to feel
You can't always make her pussy stimulate your dick like your hand canTrue, very sad but true
lol this.
Sure, why not? My partner and I have been dating for two and a half years and we still both regularly masturbate in addition to sex. Masturbation's normal and healthy if you don't go overboard. We share our porn collections.
Sometimes you wank before sex in order to last longer.I have to do this or I cum way to fast.....
No joke, I once had an ex walk into my room, her actual visit to my house being unannounced, while I was jacking off to rule 34 of Princess Bubblegum.I have never shut my laptop as hastily or sketchily as I did then, and I had to play it off as me being really excited to see her and ready to fuck right away.Could have been worse.
Please motivate me to do my coursework /r9k/ I have to do a years worth of work over the next 5 days, but I can't even bring myself to start.
That pic is beyond retarded.As for you, well I've been in a similar situation myself but I ended up dropping out of high school and becoming a bricklayer.Worked out pretty well for me so maybe you consider something similar.Education is for faggots. If I feel like pursuing something intellectual, which I occasionally do, I'll pursue it on my own terms.
Thanks man, I'd actually love to pursue a trade. But, mostly the fear of disappointing my parents is too strong; they really want me to go to university. I already dropped out of school, but decided to go back again after a year of being a shitty NEET.
Well I don't know what to tell you.Just start doing it without thinking to much? Try to turn your thoughts off and remember that the work doesn't have to be done to massively high standard.Life is hard for us but you'll be okay I'm sure.Having more than one waifu will ruin your laifu. That is always the biggest concern.
Why don't you live in an RV alone?rent is cheap as fuck 180-260 a monthyou can bring any girl you want to fuck thats if she is into guys who live in an RV. Sex nonethelesscan travel wherever you wantminimum wage can support you
wait, if you live in an RV why do you still have to pay rent?Is that the price of those RV parks?
Yes. RV parks. The shittier, less popular, deserted, and boring the RV Park is. The cheaper it is. Otherwise 500-800 a month.
You have to buy an RV. Unless you want a complete piece of shit your going to have to spend a bit of money.
, 
So who here is desperate enough to fuck this girl?
not yet
Those pants.I cringed and actually muttered "oh honey" aloud
Not me :^
What if I like fat chicks?Also, as long as it's just a fuck, what's wrong with that?
I've fucked worse.
Those pants.Are they wet, or is it a shadow?
Nope. Hell no. I'd rather stay a virgin if she were my only option.
I'm currently lusting after worse, so...It entirely depends on if she's a "nice person" or not.
Nope. I think it's what she's wearing more than the girl herself.
what's wrong with that?You're enabling fattiesEverything about her screams feminazi so she's propably not
not becoming a photographer so you can take shots of naked women and in so doing create a sexually charged atmosphere
you're an anime girlFoxworth barges into your houseYou have 3 last words before you are subjected to him and his sexual fantasies
"I'm a roastie"immediately dropped and back to my normal life.
Fuck Youuu Spidermaaan!Burst with evil laughter while welcomeing him warmly with a flamethrower.
My sides are in orbit.
mfw qt walks past me and we make eye contact
mfw qt walks past me and we fuck
mfw NEET life
work at a fast food restaurant graveyard shiftbrought alcohol to work a couple times last monthnever got caughtwasn't even suspicious to supervisorbring whiskey to work last nightsupervisor saw me bringing a backpack into work during my lunch breakhe kept a very close eye on me for the rest of the nightcoworkers telling me he thinks I'm drinkinggo into a blindno camera spot and have security guard smuggle it back to my car for mework my ass off the rest of the night so I look soberabout to get off workmorning manager comes to me"Hey anon have you been drinking tonight?""No, of course not."manager says "Oh all right, we'll just check the cameras"been panicking ever sinceno definitive evidence of me holding a bottle on camera, nor did I get caught holding a bottle by anyonebut definitely video footage of me doing suspicious stuff on camerabringing empty Styrofoam cups to blind areas, pouring the alcohol in said blind areas, then taking the cups to coworkers, the coworkers drink out of them on cameraHOW FUCKED AM I?
Just suck his dick.
Who the fuck brings alcohol to work? Weirdo.
I also fucked my other coworker over because he always smokes weed in the back several times during his shift. I also was 20 minutes late because of car troubles and they're probably going to question the authenticity of that story as well. Or maybe I'm just overthinking this?
if you do indeed get busted you can always pull the alcoholic, "i have a problem" sympathy card
Why are you drinking at work? That's not a smart thing to do. Imagine the health and safety side of things after you've drunk. Not very smart...
fucking this. kill yourself my man.
I've literally never broken a single rule while under the influence. On top of that I don't even get buzzed at work just enough to make me slightly loopy. I've been doing this job for 2 years unfortunately, and it's hard fucking up as a dishwasher.
So you get fired from wendys, big fucking deal
Don't get paranoid dude. Just play it cool. If you really think you're gonna get caught, put in your two weeks. If they catch you before then, just try to be as honest and remorseful as possible so they're nice about it.
1. deny everything2. start putting your alcohol into a waterbottle and drink it in the open like a normal alcoholic
I know they won't be too nice about it so I'm going to take the path that  took and convince myself that I didn't drink that night.
people are nothing more than a game to me spend months at a time strategically planting ideas into people's heads, and playing mind games get bored of someone after a while and move on to my next victim but that's okay because there's literally billions of you dirty little roaches to fuck around with some people actually believe I care about them as people but the truth is I only use them for my personal advantage and entertainment
Hbt emas
Same tbh
I'll show them, I'll show them all
Raskolnikov, is that you?
I've been doing this since I realized I could when I was a young teen. Have been always interested in psychology because of this.One day I met a girl who I couldn't interact with because messing with her using my knowledge would make me feel like a monster, I never felt like a monster doing this before. In the end, I failed to win her over and she fucked a chad.
lying this hard
Nah, all true mate. That's the depressing part.
you're the girl and are assuming OP is someone you know, pawn.
mfw
, 
, 
tfw can only get off to efukt videos anymorerabbit hole here
Well I just started fapping to trannies as I have crossed a boundary of totally not caring. My repertoire consists of snuff videos, corpses, gore, rape, incest, domination, bdsm, voyuerism, sleep assault, vanilla big tits and asses, and now trannies apparently.
Why are you so complicated, Anon?
liberals
muh liberall sjw multicultural transexual degeneratedo you even know what liberal means? do you even understand that liberals arent what you think they are?
Those comics would be so much better if the author drew what they actually look like
Because it's the only way to understand women.
liberal detected
edgy /pol/tard who calls himself a repbulican libertarian conserverative just because its cool and not meme liberaldetected
Because im fucking broken inside. What do you want?
Whomp! is the only comic where the protagonist looks exactly like the author.
HamzaLeave us out of this shit, I'll never understand why liberals constantly try to rope us into their SJW delusions, Muslims dont support the LGBTMNOPQRS or any of that leftist drivel. Most of us would readily vote Republican if so many of them weren't hellbent on making us illegal
Real Ronnie is 20% sphere at most.
He's got Chris Farley Syndrome, 80% of his humor is derived from blatant self-depreciation
It's just a diverse cast bro chill
NO BRO, IT'S NOT OKI just don't understand why they don't use other tumblerites with pierced dimples/Dr. Who tats/purple hair for stand-ins in their comics instead of muhpressed minority tokens to make it seem like they're even more right
awkward zombie does a good job of this as well.
unironically being a Muslim in 2015
I don't get it. Someone explain pls?
just go back to your donkey
It's set in a world where transgenders and so on are the norm, and men who are men and women who are women are uncommon, and they don't know how to deal with it.
ah, I see - but then it's not pro-SJW, isn't it?
I have no idea, it doesn't seem to be pro-anything. I think the artist is just trying to make a joke but isn't very funny.
are you too stupid to see that the joke wouldn't work with a tumblerite?
Ughhh...CIS kids....how can he honestly think he's a boy?!
IRL the kid wouldn't even say "isn't it obvious I'm a boy?", he would say: "literally what the fuck are you talking about I don't even".
fuck off, mudslime
I'm a liberal and american liberals would consider me right wing with no right to live. Both sides of the isles have no idea what the word means in amerikkka. Same goes for socialism tbh
Transtrenders are easily the worst normies.
implying transfreaks are any better
Adam Smith was a fascist shitlord.
They're all trenders. No one who crossdressed actually believed they were their personae before American culture came to dominate the world in the post-modern era.
Anyone in Florida have a gun I could borrow to shoot myself? Please
how are you gonna return it?
OP can kill himself at a very remote location. Then the lender can get it at a later time and take a look at a decomposing corpse, too.
borrowing things and expecting the lender to come get it himselfgosh OP, can't you even borrow stuff correctly?
You can go out of your way of altruism to help a hurting anon from time to time.
*to altruistically help
Just hang around long enough in central Miami and someone will do it for you
George Zimmerman does
Post your contact info and we'll arrange the details. I plan to shoot myself in a remote location. I'll give you the time and date so you can grab it off my corpse
Please someone respond seriously. I need to die. I just need a gun. If you're scared of me using it to go full supreme just leave 1 round in it.
June 1st, 2015
mfw my birthday is in 7 days

25years old, no job, no degreeI want to die
same lol
Be meVirginStart talking to single mom, she's 25I don't want a relationship with her but she seems like an easy way to lose virginityOne day we have phone sexShe keeps pronouncing her pussy as "puss"-y. Like zit puss.Get grossed out, stop speaking to her5 years later still a virginLife is pain.
Someone just give me one reply.
beggars can't be choosers i guess lol?
how old were you ?
Same tbh
23.
Eh, I'm in a kinda similar vote.I've had 3 chances to lose my virginity, and right as I was about to start the act with each of the girls, I saw their vagina and just left out of disgust.They all had outies and I could stay erect anymore.Are innies really rare or something?
"everyone gets laid in college anon, you'll have your turn!"i am the 1%
it's not like as soon as you enter the campus, girls butts start propelling toward you at sonic speeds; you have to put soooome effort into it
I did, but it was always from girls that either:a didn't go to my unib didn't do to uni at all
i put a ton of effort toward itmade it through a year, no sensual contact with any woman
This. I'm known as the 'hot guy' in my class. And I'm still a virgin. What the fuck is this bullshit me me
i remember me mum gave me some rubbers on the day before i left for Unii just shook my head and pushed them back towards her. 4 years later I never even came close to fucking a girl the whole time
I'm known as the 'hot guy' in my classThen you have no right to complain. Girls obviously want to do you.
I did this for 3 years.Even went out of my way to find out where parties were on the weekends and stuff. People mostly just gave me the stinkeye or just wanted polite conversation. Eventually I just went to keggers to stand next to the keg refilling my cup and drink as much beer as I could until parties were busted or the keg ran out. Then when I turned 21 and just got drunk in my apartment alone all the time and 2 years later I'm still a virgin.
Same here anon, except I'm not a virgin, I just don't give a fuck about a bunch of horny college girls after my dickfucked one girl with my 8in dickshe spreads the wordevery girl wants to fuck me nowThey're like fucking parasites
4% anon. 1 in 25 adult men have never had sex.Keep in mind that most of these are either crippled or retarded. Doesn't that just make you feel great?
life as an average male in 2015 summed up
got laid in first year university, losing my v-cardin the morning every one on my floor gives me a high 5chads on my floor shake my hand and say good job
1 in 25 adult males have had sexThat statistic is pretty feminism show me a statistic for 2015
i guessat least i'm not crippled or retarded
Hahahaha STEMfag
ouch buddy time for glasses
Does this still count if I'm doing a degree with about 5 girls in it?
Have never* was on phone. You know what I mean anyway.
i wish i had this 'problem'
The uggos 3/10s and below. Fucking love me, they comment on all my fb photos posting hearts and text me all the time. But any girl above 5/10 is plain not interested. I dont understand.
Be thankful. Most of us don't even get that.Also,Facebook
where the fuck am I supposed to have sex? I live with my parents, and so do most of the people my age I'm 20, but it's a non american cultural thing and all the motels are in the outskirts of the city and I don't have a car
because no girl above 6/10 wants to actually show attention, so you only notice the 3/10's. the other girls might actually be interested in you if you're handsome, but you won't notice it unless they want you to notice.
Dont get me wrong anon, I am very thankful. But Wageslaving while studying and gymming, just to get validation from uggos is simply not worth it. Id rather be NEET and contribute nothing to the society.
Get a car. Car sex is best sex and you basically need one to be your own person anyways.
Alright, bitch, listen up. You wanna fuck chicks real bad? That's your problem. Sure, your dick needs a release sometimes, but stop making that your life goal. Find a passions or passions and just fucking go at it. That is your life now. Once you do that, you'll start acting like you're the goddamn Prince. You know why? Because you are. And then bitches will be easy as shit and you won't care about them. Quit worrying about bitches, follow your passion and bitches will come.
So basicallyb urself?
Nah, nigga. Yourself is gay right now. You know that awesome guy you want to be? Who does the things you want to do? Be THAT guy. Be an idealized version of yourself and never stop improving.Also stop caring about bitches, because like... Fuck, man. They aren't important.
oh look, chad thinks he's being helpful again and assumes everyone who can't get laid has pussy shrines in their homes and don't have hobbies.
College girls are shit anyway. Wait until you're 30 and independent, and snag a pretty 13-year-old.
I was just gonna say that. Typical normie advice 'Become top 1% of males! only then youre allowed an average fatty with a wet hole'. Society isnt going to last with this mentality, fuck it.
Please. Tell us all about how tough your life is.
They aren't important.Maybe to someone who gets a lot of them.Why are normies always so fucking ignorant of other people's feelings?
A hobby is different than a passion. It has to be first in their life. And I get it, some niggers are ugly. Whatever, we play with the cards we're dealt. Fuck ugly chicks. If you don't like it, get more attractive or get REALLY successful at whatever it is you like doing. My point is, bitches are not important.
Guys like him are the worst. Waahhh girls like me but I don't know what to do wahhh.
Doing Third year of uniNo friendsStill a kissless virginSpend my free time in libraryJust like fucking High School
No, you don't get it. The mentality of "I need to fuck a chick" is what's killing you. I was a KV until 20. You know what my "passion" is? History. You know how goddamn shitty of a passion that is? But if that's my focus, bitches aren't. So they're easy.
Spend your free time in the library? Are books a passion of yours?
Just b AWESOME!!No clear and concise instructions. Just fucking become Chad somehow. follow your hobbies and leave humanity behind Doesnt work. I was an artist, even had some of my work in national Art galleries. Didnt get me a gf because I spent most of my time inside my room practicing art. Then I moved on to pro gaming. Nothing changed because it was a sausage fest filled with autists. Its hilarious though, once you have sex you tell others Bitches arent important bro lolwithout experiencing what loneliness is like for yourself. Stupid faggot
people will believe this horse crap
So they're easy.Bitches are only easy if you're a fucking normie, or attractive, I'm guessing you're both.
I was a KV until 20Oh boo hoo. That's not even that late compared to most of us.
I love reading, and my uni library is fucking big so I'm never bored there and it helps me a lot in my study, but is more because I'm too shy and social inept to talk to the people there, so I'm just where they won't see me and I can be at peace.
I can't ever convince you that I know what it feels like, and you definitely don't have to believe me. But the cure to that loneliness is NOT women. It's your own passions. And no, it is not "be awesome" or other vague bullshit. It's literally DO WHATEVER THE FUCK YOU WANT TO DO. And stop giving a shit about women! Improve yourself because you want to. Bitches are not important.
I did do whatever the fuck I want to do, and I loved it. It didnt fullfill the mandatory requirement for a guy to feel a feminine touch through his youth. What you really want is the unfortunate people to be contempt with nothing at all. Why cant you just admit that.
Enough of your empty platitudes anon.
Girls who have grown up getting attention from other men aren't suddenly going to do a 180 when they meet youC'mon nigga use your head. You certainly don't want to put in the effort to get some and you expect the women to?
I give the advice "Do what you want to do and ignore bitches. This applies if you're ugly or if you're attractive."Response?You gotta be attractive m8 gorram normie.I'm not attractive and normie isn't an insult from people who want to be normies. If you told me 3DPD and you wanted nothing to do with women, I would respect that. But you don't. You want women and you're mad because you don't have them. You don't have them because your goals are off. Women are a nice side benefit to following your passions. Nothing more. What would you do if you could do anything and you weren't inhibited by shyness?
i don't want to be a beta orbiter
This applies if you're ugly or if you're attractiveExcept it doesn't. I'm ugly, and women don't even fucking want to look at me. How is ignoring them completely supposed to help me?
Work hard on your life for the future and wait til women who have hit the wall and provide for them No
No. I do not want that. If you were here in person, you'd be my bro so I'd want you to have success. I'd make you go talk to chicks and do whatever it is you like to do. I'd gain nothing from you being content with nothing, as I have a submissive girl and I'm not trying to fuck other chicks. On a side note, fags who do try to trip up bros to heighten their own chances never get the pussy because it's clearly what's most important to them.
Then don't be?It's a choice to be a beta orbiter, like being gay
You know what my "passion" is? History. You know how goddamn shitty of a passion that is?It's a lot better and more acceptable than video games. History isn't even that bad.
If the passions there, girls will ignore it. I swear, I've seen a guy with nasty yellowish teeth and a patchy beard with no muscles and weird sternum pull an 8.
What would you do if you could do anything and you weren't inhibited by shyness?I really don't know, I love talking about movies and books, but nobody wants to listen to me.Also having a group to study and exchange information would be nice.
I've seen a guy with nasty yellowish teeth and a patchy beard with no muscles and weird sternum pull an 8.If even that guy can girls and I can't, then what's even the point? brb, an hero
Video games aren't a passion if you're playing them, it's escapism. You're recreating a crappy version of something you actually want. And history is shit. My options are history professor or "historian" Read: Hobo but it's pretty fun, you know?
That guy did because of his attitude.So... Would you say that books are a passion? Or are you using them to escape your current life?
shut up. youve never had sex
If the passions there, girls will ignore it. I swearAnd I swear that this is bullshit and you got lucky with your partner. I spend so much of my time and will to learn fighting, but because im ugly girls shut me down before even gettin to know my passion. Stop generalizing what girls are like around unattractive guys.
Bruh... Bitches don't care about size. Be above a solid five and you're good. If they're actually on you it's not because of your dick size.
/fouryearsincollegewithnosex/
That's because those girls are desperate enough that they will go out of their way to hit on a guy. The average girl is accustomed to having guys make the first move on her, so she likely will not make a move on you
I graduated . . . awhile ago.My only option now is to get into grad school and offer undergrads "extra credit" for having sex with me.
So... Would you say that books are a passion? Or are you using them to escape your current life?Don't know if consider them a passion, but I always enjoyed reading and that's in part thanks to my parents.But there are a bit of the two things, I go to the library in part because I have nowhere to go I could just get to my home, but I would waste a lot of time and I don't want to be just walking alone in the uni for no reason, but I also somewaht enjoy my time there.
passions are different from hobbieshobbies can't be passionsmy passion is my college majorMy passion is that I hope you get beaten to death tomorrow.
Okay, first off, any guy who fucks a bunch of chicks will tell you... He gets rejected a shitload. Like, if you have a 1:1 ratio you're a fucking god of women or something. Yeah, you'll get rejected a lot, but rejection isn't a bad thing. In your mind, just assume that you have some other bitch waiting for you at home. Just think about that when you're talking to some chick. Just fake like you already have pussy and act how you would act if you did. Eventually it won't be faking. And I don't want the "I don't want to be a whore, I want a relationship" bullshit, because you are nowhere near ready for that. You gotta be a whore for a bit first to get your attitude straight.
Don't feel so bad, anon. I've been in college for about 10 years already, including grad and post grad, and never managed to even get close to being laid.
so having "history" as a passion helped you get women?Going around telling people the truth of the 3rd reich will totally help lol
tfw girls are attracted to you but once they see your power level they all get disinterested rather fasttfw you will never find a qt fembot and live happily ever after
Hobbies CAN be passions, they're just not the same thing. If something is my "hobby", I don't really care about that. If something is my "passion", I do. That could be the same thing, it's in how I use it.You seem like a really chill guy. Are you just super shy?
Haha, see, it's stupid as shit, isn't it? History is basically a useless passion. But the important part isn't what it is, only that it's a passion. You gotta keep it vague! You like anime? Never give her the name of one, EVER. You're into some crazy science shit? Go all Billy Nye on her ass and keep it to vague "Woah, science is cool" bullcrap.
i put a ton of effort toward ithow so?
Please stop shitting up this board with your shameless retardation.
Even if what I'm saying is completely autistic and moronic, it's better than cynicism and depression.
Is it though? At least if you're cynical you never get your hopes up for nothing.
You seem like a really chill guy. Are you just super shy?Thanks for the compliment. Is mostly that, I'm really bad at social environments because I feel umcomfortable around large groups of people, like if they are talking of something I can contribute about I don't take part because I don't have the courage to raise my voice and participate, the only times I tried doing it endend in silence and people looking at me like saying "that is?
Lol people spreading this bullcrap again. When will it end.
Life without idealism is empty. Recent studies have shown that depressed people very often tend to have improved cognitive abilities. Shockingly, these cognitive abilities no longer help them. You need idealism. And I'd say it's working out pretty well for me and I think it can for you. And even if EVERYTHING goes to shit... At least you tried. Just wasting your life away isn't helping anything.
and how does that remove his right to complain?
What? Both me and my bf were virgins at 21 when we met. You're an idiot.
He's complaining about not getting laid when there are girls that he knows who could easily help him with that.I hate to argue by analogy, but it's like complaining about being hungry when there's an all you can eat buffet right in front of you.
going to partieswanting to go to parties in the first placefailed normie detected
Hahaha, I really wish I knew you in real life! I think your only thing is that you're super shy and you just need other people to help you meet people. Oh, come on. Girls pretend to care because dudes like it when girls tell them that they have a huge dick.
duh
same here, why can't girls just leave me alone?
Just wasting your life away isn't helping anythingTrying and failing is even worse though.
The girls didn't even meet that guy, only when on it because they heard he has a. Big dick and a good lay. Has all your optimism made you this blind?
made it through 4 years of university psychologyplus two years as a male modelno job prospectsfinna pull that gat
It's not, though. Regret is worse than failure. Man, why do you want bitches so bad? Is it for love or is your dick just going crazy?
tfw virgin and don't care about losing it to college girls
They love it until their cervix gets beaten to a pulp.Qt slut who friendzones me and talks about her sex lifeTells me she met guy with 7 inch dickNext day she could barely walk and looked like she was going to cry, didn't want to talk about itAsked me to give her ride to doctorsThe guy had bruised her cervix so bad she couldn't have sex for 4 months
Emmet?
both are degenerates so who cares?
surprised there's more than one person in the world in my situation.
why do you want bitches so bad?Validation so I don't feel like a complete worthless failure. It seems that getting laid is so easy for everyone else that it must mean there is something inherently broken about me if I can't get it as well.Of course, I don't expect you to understand.
......7? Uh... Dude, 7 isn't THAT big. 8 is the "big dick" threshold.
this is actually correct, except for the last part. once you improve yourself to a certain point, you'll realize that you don't need a woman in your life to feel happy, the only person you need is yourself
Virgin here, find a passion outside of videogames
implying that wouldn't work
Hahaha goddamn, are you serious? I thought there was no way it wasn't him. Psychology and then male modeling seemed uniquely him. His modeling gig is still going great, as far as I know.
well if you actually had hobbies then you'd be too busy engaging in them to be concerned with your sex life or lack thereof
I do, actually, because I did that. Getting validation from women is just a bad idea. You need to get your validation from ANYTHING else. It doesn't matter if it's religion, bros, or a skill or sport. Just not women.
I bought a cool car and waited. I don't get why they don't want me. I'm a supreme gentlemen after all.
You're correct, anon. Improvement shouldn't stop at that point, though.
Pretty weak arguement.If Historyfag-kun had a real hobby, he'd be busy engaging in it instead of preaching about how much he doesn't care about pussy on /r9k/.
what if I told you I'm a 32yo virgin and I still agree with the "chad" that you're arguing with? I haven't had sex with women BECAUSE they aren't important
She could be a petite girl
So by posting on /r9k/ you must have no hobbies, right? That's projecting, I'm sure. Maybe you should get a hobby.
Guys like you are the worst. Waahhh girls don't like me because I'm an obese neckbeard ;_;
Hahahaha, the "BUT YOU'RE ON R9K" argument. I think /r9k/ has created its own fallacy. Er... I guess it's just Ad Hominem, but whatever.
Hobbies/Passions whatever don't get anyone laid and I'm sick of this myth being perpetratedoooh, anon collects stamps, look at how passionate is he about it it's getting me wet yum yum
As I though, you don't understand.
See, MGTOW thinking is just as valid as casual fucking or a submissive wife. It's the same idea with a different conclusion.
you do realize that there's a whole lot of things between a girl liking you, and actually having sex with her?
Women respond well to guys talking about shit that they enjoy doing.
I haven't had sex with women BECAUSE they aren't importantYou're obviously an asspie who thinks that just because something isn't important to you, it can't be important to anyone.
No, hobbies and passions make you not give a shit about women
Bro, women will never give you validation. Even if you fuck every woman alive. Hahahahaha, goddamnit, that's not a passion! I mean like archery, science, computers, reading... Things you DO, not things you consume or collect.
but bitches literally aren't important. if you disagree then you're a normie albeit a failed one at that
I'm not the one bitching about being hungry when lunch is served right in front of me. You just come off as a pompous idiot.
So why are girls not fucking you if they're into you? How are you making them not into you?
You don't get laid because you think about it too much. Become passionate about something and it will all come naturally!Why are you so asexual anon? You don't get anything if you don't try. Stick your head out of your bubble and go chat up some bar slags.
except it isn't horse crap, it works. no, it won't get you laid, but it will allow you to have a happy, fulfilling life even without getting laid
The first one is wrongThe second one is true
It's all so black and white!This is a really shitty mental outlook. This is the kind of outlook that turns men into constant victims.
women will never give you validationGetting laid would be validation in itself because it would make me feel like less of an absolute failure. I don't even know why I'm bothering trying to explain this to you anymore.
Sexuality is not just about sex. That's the shitty puritan influence in western countries. And if you want to fuck a girl, what you do... Is you go talk to her and flirt with her. Because you don't really give a shit, the worst that can happen is that she can reject you. But she's not important, so it's not big deal. Sure, getting your dick wet is NICE, but nowhere near as important as your passion.
back in high schoolwalk into bathroompisshear girl gigglinglook downsee girl shoessee boy shoesnot on my watch cuntswalk out, tell teacheranyone else /cockblock/ here?
Very strange indeed...
They don't give a shit as long as they are attracted to you. You could have any hobby and it will seem interesting to her because she finds you attractive at somelvel and wants to get to know you better.
I took pictures of a normie chad passed out on the bathroom floor in my dorm hall, can't wait till he tries to get a job.
It didnt fullfill the mandatory requirement for a guy to feel a feminine touch through his youth.but such a requirement doesn't exist. I'm guessing the only reason you even want to get laid is because you seek acceptance from the Chads and Norms you encounter. you have to realize - this external pressure is a Spook in it's purest form. free yourself from it's clutches or you'll be miserable forever
But it wouldn't. I know, because I fucked my first girlfriend thinking it would give me validation. She dumped me a week later because and she even admitted this she wanted to fuck other dudes have 'experiences with other guys'. Women will do that or a nicer version of that if they're your validation. You have to know you're awesome, not hear it from the deceitful sex.
Conversely, if you aren't attractive no women will ever find you interesting.
Only if its football or baseball or reading or something extremely normal
Why are you putting everyone in one bucket? Just because some has a hobby and.passion doesn't mean it has to ha complete control over there lives. You can have a passion and still want a gf.
then become an omega orbiter
because I fucked my first girlfriend thinking it would give me validationeveryone else is the same as meHow did you even get a girlfriend when you clearly have no empathy whatsoever, you fucking sperg?
because you'll be alone, but at least you'll be happy. it's better than taking /r9k/'s advice and being sad and alone
Nigger, what? Do you actually believe this? Dude, I'm into HISTORY. How gay is that? And women come up with reasons to think it's the coolest shit because of passion. As long as your passion isn't consumerism, you're good.
Sure but the passion will hopefully be strong enough to keep you from complaining on r9k.
Do you actually believe this?Yes, because it's true. If you aren't attractive at all, you're fucked.
no, if anything he's saying to become a MGTOW. remove your desire for women so you can at least enjoy being alone
You must be attractive as well then or you find fellow history buffs, history is almost normie because everyone took at least a couple history classes in their lives and can join in on the conversation
Why are you so bitter? Now you're saying empathy is how you get girls when you've been bitching this whole time about how it's "only attractive guys". Goddamn, that was all meaningless drivel to try to hide your bitterness. Why are you so bitter, anon?
JUST
Why are you so bitter, anon?Because every person on Earth hates me and can't stand to be around me, obviously.Also, you're right. Empathy is probably useless when it comes to women.
That's your problem. Athletics are an easy way to attract women because they're very social hobbies. You need to find a way to make video games more social, whether that be actively talking about them in public or somehow weening them into conversation.
try 8 years grad school
I'm meh. No way I'm attractive. I have a huge beard and unkempt long hair and I have no muscle.If this was meant to imply that I'm claiming that this is easy, it's not. It's hard as shit. Following your passion won't be some "easy" thing, it takes effort. But it IS simple.
My hobby isn't video games. I'm a different guy
I said its horsecrap crap because he implied girls gravitate to guys who have a "passion", which isnt true. But your right about the happy life. I still think its kind of an empty life.
Only if you're Chad or at the very least a high tier normie. The years I spent in college were watching Chad swim in oceans of pussy. Every party just ended up devolving into a team of Chads plowing through the same girls who showed up feigning innocence. Welcome to the 20th century.
Anon, I don't hate you. People who everyone hate all have one thing in common. They have no idea everyone hates them. You're just super insecure, man. You have any close bros?I think video games are usually escapism and he should find the thing he actually wants that he's pretending to find in video games.
My passion is 4chan
to extend your analogy, his situation is more like being hungry at a buffet, but you have no arms to actually put the food into your mouth with

Because he's already had sex. He thinks he knows what type of impact it will have on you.
Implying that's a problem
maybe validate your own existence, so you don't need women to do it for you
Have you ever met a guy successfully validated by sex?
You have any close bros?Of course not. Where do you think we are?Also if you met me, you'd hate me. Everyone does.
Of the 7 guys I knew on my floor, only 2 had ever had sex. Stayed that way until we graduated.
I wouldn't. You're just bitter. Who hates you that makes you think everyone will? Has anyone told you they hate you?
they don't get you laid, but they allow you to live a happy, fulfilling life. you need to ask yourself what your ultimate goal is, to get laid at all costs, or to simply be happy? personally my goal is to be happy, so if there's a route towards that happiness that doesn't involve wasting countless hours at a bar fighting over some 2/10 then I'm all for it
Nah, you just convince yourself that your happy. You still feel alone on the inside. It's just what it means to be human.
If you think you're happy, you're happy m8. That's what happiness is.
this, girls always ask me shit like "so what do you do for fun? :^" and I always have to make up something on the fly and then later get found out as a phony. if I actually did things that were even remotely interesting to other people then I might actually be able to socialize with them
God your are so fucking naive
Thanks for the motivation anon. I will follow my dream of making normies miserable now.
but you have no arms to actually put the food into your mouth withDid you seriously tried to compare having no arms to being a clueless faggot who doesn't take advtanage of the situation?
but if getting laid is important to you, then you're a normie, regardless of whether you've actually had sex or not. and as a normie, you need to GTFO
there's a whole lot of things between a girl liking you, and actually having sex with her?No there isn't.Keep making exuses for yourself.It's funny neckbeards gt told to blame themselves.But these cypto Chads LITERALLY get the chance but they're told it's NOT their fault.
this, look at someone like Stallman. you think he gives a single, solitary fuck about having sex? hell no, he has /g/entoo to occupy his time with
Has anyone told you they hate you?No but it's easy to tell. People avoid me like the plague. Whenever I try to talk to someone, even if it's just to someone in one of my lectures about class stuff, they just look at me like I've just insulted them.
I don't have the social skills to go from [girl wanting to have sex with me] to [actually having sex with that particular girl]
No, you just have a bunch of waitresses happily willing to feed you
Go for it! As long as you don't give a shit about women.You're goddamn right, I am! Pure idealism is the best way to be.
you've got it backwardsthe second one is always said by Norms or failed Norms. when someone says the second statement I always just tell them to fuck off, and continue living my life in accordance with the first statement
Yeah my best bud. After he got laid, his whole demeanour changed and he pretty much became a semi chad.
and why do you feel like a failure simply because you don't get laid? are those negative thoughts your own, or were you simply brainwashed by Norm to worship pussy and female validation to the same degree that he does
So everyone hates you, but no one has told you, they just look at your weird?Social skills is 100% practice, man. It's all about how often you've done it. Just got meet some friends. It'll be awkward, sure, but like... At the end of the day, no one gives a shit if you're awkward unless they're an insecure tryhard.
This sounds like something out of an American Pie movie. I would bet anything that if you asked him, he'd say the change happened before he had sex and that the sex itself was not what validated him.
seriously? I'm relatively attractive but I was always embarrassed by my hobbies and never "opened up" to anyone else as a result
Those negative thoughts are mine. It's less about worshiping pussy or whatever and just wanting to feel like I matter enough to somebody else for them to justify being intimate with me.
if you have a passion then your life isn't empty, though
Perhaps thats true for people who go away to an actual university and live in student housing. I always lived with my parents and took the bus to city college, no wonder I'm still a virgin.
implying that isn't a problem
I seriously do feel you... But women can't ever give you validation, man. That always ends in failure.Yeah, man! But don't go into crazy specifics, be vague. Women love vague.
I moved away from home and live in student housing. 3 years later, still a kissless virgin.
but I don't feel alone, even when I physically am. I guess I'm just a true robot schizoid or autistic whereas most of the people ITT are simply failed normies
I'm pretty sure a true robot is a failed normie.
okay, then maybe it would be more like not knowing how to eat at all, because nobody ever taught you how
No there isn't.and how is that?
It really comes down to meeting, and talking to people. There are so many awkward, betas, people like you. I mean, unless you are terribly ugly, and I mean, terribly ugly...and have no social awareness, you can probably get laid..If you stay in your room all the time, you're fucked.
It's funny neckbeards gt told to blame themselves.because neckbeards are usually also fat and have bad fashion sense, two things that can be improved with time and effortBut these cypto Chads LITERALLY get the chance but they're told it's NOT their fault.because having autism isn't one's own faultin this analogy the women are the food itself, not the waitresses
But people don't like talking to me because I'm boring.
I don't think those are truly your thoughts. nobody thinks like that unless they've drank the normie Kool-Aid.
needing the social medium of college to get laidthats the exact attitude thats keeping you a virgin
well I'm pretty sure that's not the case. robots are superior to normies
Find a passions or passions and just fucking go at it.I don't really think there's anything left in this world to be passionate about.
religion/r9k/ confirmed for joining ISIS
what did you actually do outside of class.I might not have had sex even if I went away to college because I am such a terrible procrastinator that it takes me 10 times as long to complete assignments than it would if I got them done right away, time spend jacking off, watching TV and cyberslacking between schoolwork that I could have used to socialize.Pic semi-related.
Wanting someone to like you is the result of normie propagandaOkay.
just beeeee yourself
I don't have any friends, and I've never been invited to any parties, so I mostly just stay in my room and play vidya.I'm pretty studious, so the actual schoolwork part has never been a problem.
That's simple nihilism. Nihilism is the worst philosophy.
in my case it is, I never wanted friends or a gf until all the Norms started making fun of me for not having them
No, that's not nihilism, it's defeatism. There's a difference.
Fuck what they think. If you don't want that shit, don't go for it!
Feeling that way is not normalOnce you're an adult no one really makes fun of you for not having that stuff, but I want it because I'm tired of feeling so lonely. That's natural.
25% of Harvard seniors never had sex in college.
Why are you defeatist?
Everything but the top left was my college experience. Except the bottom left picture had all the stress of the right side, it wasn't fun.
Losing my virginity next weekWish me luck, brothers!
I'm trying to, it's just that there's not really much else to do in life otherwise. I may kill myself out of boredom eventually
graduated college a virginIts over for me
story time? come on m8, you can't just post something like that without any explanation...
I mostly just stay in my room and play vidya.Uh-huh. Here's the problem. Too much vidya.Couldn't you have just crashed parties, and went to other organized social events and student activities on and around campus?Even Supreme Gentleman was able to crash parties and no one cared until he tried to push girls off a balcony. Imagine if he actually tried to mack on chicks instead of just waiting around and getting mad that they weren't throwing themselves at him.
JUST
There is no story, really. My girlfriend and I got together, but a couple weeks later she had to move for work. We decided to stay together as long distance because there wouldn't have been anyone else who was interested in us anyway.Going on vacation to see her next week, and she's literally begging for sex. Even told me she had a latex allergy, and wanted me to get non-latex condoms.We're going on a five day sex romp in Disney World. I know I haven't been cucked because my girlfriend is ugly.
crashed partiesNo one likes gatecrashers. I'd be beaten to within an inch of my life if I tried that shit. And probably end up even less popular.
Er... Yes. JUST fucking do it. Yeah, it's hard. but it's not complex.You can't find anything to be passionate about? You don't enjoy anything?
YTP referencethat just made my entire weekalso there's no such thing as "too much vidya"
any tips for someone heading to uni next year?
You can't find anything to be passionate about?not really
Get out of your dorm roomDon't get addicted to drugs
Don't expect to get laid or make any friends, especially if you're a robot.
What gives you fulfillment or pleasure? Or have you never felt either of those things?
Nah, I saw the change in him AFTER getting laid. He told me a lot of his perception on woman changed. Shit I even saw the halo effect happen before my eyes. Just don't project you own circumstances onto other people.
This isn't my own circumstances. Being validated by sex is always a bad idea, and I'm standing by that one. Your validation has to come from something else.
Girls won't give a shit. If you are attractive and confident, she would most likely be interested just to spend more time with you.
Ehh.No one will really notice if it's a kegger or jungle juice party or whatever. Maybe someone will ask who you came with, but you can just make that up, say they went to take a piss or something. The guy being a dick about it is probably drunk anyway.That said, I never got laid in college. Some people just don't have "game" or are boring/ugly/etc. There's too much generalizing by the normies giving unsolicited advice in this thread.
just be urself :^if your degree is hard, you should study continuously throughout the year, everything else ends in suffering.uni is better than HS because you are not really supposed to care about the other people
I got laid in high school and now I'm an abject fucking loser. Things could be worse.
There are like, invitation only parties in college?Every party we've gone to has either just let you in if it's too small and needs to people to get going you can get lots of free beer from these, there are too many people going in and out and no one really gives much of a fuck, or you pay 5 bucks.Sure there are private parties, but there are never just only private parties.
dont go
well all I do is shitpost, and I'm honestly not sure if I feel those things or not
You can seek validation out from more the once source. Honestly though, it's only important because they haven't experienced it yet. Once they have it at least once, that stigma will be gone. And that idea that no one wants you will also be gone.
I would love to know an alternative as a NEET college dropout
well good thing I learned this AFTER I became a hikikomori NEET with no prospects :^
But passions die or fade away. Then what?
lay in bed, shitpost, watch anime sometimes, readIn that order from most to least
Just say "none of your business" and move on. If you're going to be socially fucked, it's better to be an asshole than a groveling idiot.
well my problem was that I never even knew where the parties were
go to bed, roodi
then obviously you find new ones
Thats because harvard is full of chinks and another big proportion is curryniggers who only understand rape.
There are like, invitation only parties in college?No, not really. Maybe some frats do.Most big college parties I've been to are pay $5 for a cup and head to the keg or the coolers.Greek houses I found to be super shitty if you're a guy and not in the community.
Then the food is just magically jumping into your mouth but you don't chew.
Shia pls...
So you feel pleasure doing nothing? I'm genuinely curiousOnce your passions are dead, you're dead. But if you're always trying something new and not stuck in the same monotonous routine, I don't think they'll die.
 you have to be a whore to have a good relationship
I love the classic r9k double standard ITT. All women are garbage but I hate that none of them want to fuck meI hate Chad even though I resent that I'm not him but fuck making any effort towards thatThe suicide rate on this board isn't nearly high enough, your waifu won't mourn you and nobody on your favorite Laotian tapestry weaving forum will even notice you're gone.
I masturbate too.Forgot about that.
Of course not! If you were born into a society where a correct, male lead relationship was ingrained into you and her from birth. You weren't, so you need to get into the right mindset before you "tame the shrew", so to speak.
All women are garbageNo one in this thread is even saying that, you tard.
holy shit, how does that even look? Im glad I dont go to parties man, being cucked in real time is terrible
Yeah, I wish I found r9k during High School years. Underage fags lurking better take something out of this thread.
Going for long walks on the beach, eating good food, watching TV, shitposting, contemplating stuff in my head, laughing at things on the internet, looking at pictures of sexy women online, and noticing sexy women wearing sparse clothing in real life, even though I will never get to touch, love and fuck them right in the pussy.Bottom like is I have no drive to create anything of value, I just consume and experience things. I don't have a masculine personality which is associated with having a passion for specific crafts, which is better because the more femininity I have, the more peaceful and balanced I feel it seems. If I was uber masculine being alone all the time would be hell on earth and I might have gone Supreme Gentleman years ago. But being less masculine I can enjoy music, media and food in manners similar to women do, and literally go outside relaxing, stopping to smell the flowers, feeling content and complete, not constantly feeling tfw no gf every waking moment.
But they are garbage anon
Hahaha, damn, you don't enjoy much, do you? It seems like you're only into escapism, so you need to find something else you enjoy. Do you like computers and shit? They're just broken. Shitty society will do that to you. But they can be helped.
Yes, they are, but that's not what we've been talking about specifically.
Nice try bully. Go shitpost elsewhere, this is actually a decent thread.
Anon, what you're describes sounds entirely masculine. Desire to enjoy thingsWomen are not first priorityYou just haven't found anything you enjoy creating, yet.
You have no one to blame but yourself.
Do you like computers and shit?Not that guy, but a passion for computers is definitely stigmatised. No girl wants to listen to you talk about graphics cards.
What's the point in shitposting in a designated shitposting thread? You need to brush up on your skills anon
Pretty much like parties in movies. You see girls get all giddy next to the loud obnoxious guys.
Of course not. But have you tried "I'm into computers and shit. I recently built my own computer, actually."? In my experience, speaking in vague terms works much better. No specifications.
No was shitposting until you started.
Do you like computers and shit?Yeah.
Programming or the hardware?
tfw used to be robot but transformed into a chad that regularly gets laid at parties and is currently dating 2 girls at the same time.One of the girls is even aware of the other girl's existence but she's so addicted to my dick that she can't quit. If highschool me could have looked into the future and seen current me...
then I can't chew because I don't have teeth
It's still stigmatised. That's the realm of virgin overweight neckbeards. Of course if you're actually attractive you could say this, but that's it.
mfw i'm gonna fuck an E cup qt today
Hardware really.Can't stand programming. Unfortunately one works for poor people and the other doesn't. It's actually been a while since I tried programming though.
Regardless, it's a passion. The sole purpose is not "to get laid" because the passion is more important. But I stand by it as a valid passion.
just haven't found anything you enjoy creating yetjustfoundI seriously doubt its a matter of finding something out there, a craft to enjoy doing. My whole life I couldn't become interested in anything to become a master at it, I quit, abandoned, and dropped out of anything I ever tried, and my wold view is now such that I believe other people can do anything better than me, as far as practical use, so I'm content just to be a consumer and not need to produce anything of value for anyone. This feels like a rebellion against the very nature of masculinity though.
I feel you there. Do you think you like it enough to be a passion?
Nice backpedal, moron.
pasta
I'm going to be honest and say no.
It is, but... Does it matter if someone does it better than you? Take inspiration from that, don't just quit because of it. Honestly, I'd love to start talking about religion to all of you guys because I think it's the answer, but no one ever has listened to "that guy" spouting religious garbage on 4chan.
What was your favorite subject back in high school? I've been saying that the whole time... I was just trying to also argue that it's not stigmatized, but I gave up.
I went through my entire first year of college as a robot without hooking up, now I'm in my second year and have a 9/10 gf, don't stress bro, it's just a matter of time.Although I lost my virginity in high school so maybe it just worked out differently for me
it's just a matter of time.Only if you're attractive.
chad with a cold streakfuck off
If you didn't have the teeth, you wouldn't have been given food. You can't chew because you're to scared.
Oh damn, that was good!
I'd love to start talking about religion to all of you guys because I think it's the answerWhy is that?
It wouldn't matter {IF} I was actually passionate about something, but since I'm not passionate about anything, I am not motivated to become a master of it, because I'd rather just enjoy the work of other individuals and businesses who have mastered it and create a valuable product, service or experience. I'm speaking in vague generalities here because there isn't any such thing I have in mind, As I said, my whole life has had a tendency toward doing much of nothing, and my personal happiness is sustained by divorcing my self esteem from the masculine drive to create and innovate, which I never really had in the first place.
just slap the food against your gums until you can swallow it, it's not that hard, fuckin pussy, even though I have all of my teeth in tact.
 girl laying in my bed confirmedthis guy knows whatsup , im pretty as fuck nerds, and im going to fuck your wife.
getting worried. almost moving out of my parents 19 and still KV. and it's not like i'll suddenly become more sociable. goddamn it why isnt there a dating app for asocial people?
Not really, people aren't nearly as shallow as we make them out to believe, I wouldn't call myself a really handsome guy, my girl is definitely several leagues above me, but neither of us really give a shit because we connect.Just be a nice dude, share her interests and actually give a shit about what she has to say, I'm not saying it will get you laid but it's a good way to have some meaningful contact with a woman
What was your favorite subject back in high school?History I guess.I used to be really into sci-fi stuff as a kid. nI guess I lost interest when it became apparent that none of it would ever be true, in my lifetime at least. Another part of it is, once you get past the surface of a lot of topics, things start getting really hard.
share her interests and actually give a shit about what she has to sayBut no girls are willing to do the same for me. Probably because I'm ugly.
Living with your parents after you're 18Do people really do this? Why would you try to act like a child when you can live on your own?
19You're still young. Though if you're here, then there may be no hope for you.
See, I feel like I felt this before. I was vaguely interested in computers and everything else was consumerism. But there did turn out to be something in front of me the whole time. I loved grand strategy games, and that turned out to be because I loved history. Is there anything like that you can think of?I mean, everyone here is looking for the thing to put at the highest point in their life. Right now it's women. Personally, I feel it should be religion, but that just gets me chalked up as some fundamentalist kook.
ITT sexually frustrated male kids
But no girls are willing to do the same for me.Right there is your problem.I guarentee you there are girls out there who want to share your interests, there are girls who want to talk about movies, or books or play vidya with you, they're all over the place, because they're exactly like you.Women aren't some big homogeneous blob, I'm sorry if you've only met chicks who are shallow assholes, but the moment you become jaded and think all women are like x, then you're just shutting yourself off from half the people on the planet and all the great friendships that can come from it
eat shit boomerCost of living is expensive. Why not live with your parents as long as you can and save your money for other things than paying to live in a concrete box somewhere else. Literally the only reason to move out I can think of to move out would be to get laid, and since that will never happen anyway, I'll live with parents until they die. Unfortunately I live in an apartment, because parents were too stupid to buy a house or condo in 1975 when they were affordable and would have quintoupled in investment value by now.
Where are these girls then? I've never met a single one who is like me.
Literally what are you complaining about? Girls have already taken the initiative to talk to you because they find you attractive or interesting. Do you have social anxiety? Are you a social retard? Then listen to OP advise and develop some hobbies. Jesus Christ...
Is there anything like that you can think of?I like going on long walks on the beach, shitposting, looking at porn, eating good food, and watching TVBut that doesn't mean I'd want to or be good at being a chef, director, actor, marine conservationist, professional internet shill or anything along that line
Girls have already taken the initiative to talk to you because they find you attractive or interesting.When did this happen
Not all of our parents are white and kick us out after 18.
Women aren't some big homogeneous blobimplyingThe tastes of women are entirely based on social standard. Some will like whatever is popular and some will dislike it to be contrarians, and instead like what is popular among contrarians. There's a reason all the niche interest communities you can find on this sight and others like it are dominated by men. At the end of the day, men explore, women follow. However, it's totally possible to find a girl and get her int what you like if you're as alluring as the status quo to her.
Actually the opposite. Because he is such a young fag, he can actually see what's in store for him if he continues down this dreaded path. If I could tell my 19 year old something, it would be to spend less time with video games and more time on the gym and diet. It won't automatically get you laid, but shit does wonders for your self-confidence.
I don't know, it almost seems like something is killing your masculine desire to do anything, but I don't know what.
the worst that can happen is that she rejects younope, thanks to the feminazis she can report you for sexual harassment and get you expelled because you're not chad
Not for everyone. I'm in shape not super fit, but in shape and I still have little to no self confidence.
tfw there were opportunities but I had absolutely no idea what to do and pretty sure it could've counted as rapemixed feels
But why religion? There is probably less then 10 people in this thread right now. No one will care. I'm interested in what you think religion can offer people who most likely knows nothing but introspection.
They're doing the same shit as you. Posting online talking about how "lonely" they are while at the meantime sucking on Chads cock.
Quads confirm.
Because if we're discussing our life's purpose... Not much can take the place of religion. Bruh feminazis are so easy to spot and avoid, this shouldn't happen.
passivity/aloofness and just not being very manlyBut I'm happier being a lazy fuck who does jack shit than to feel I'm worthless unless I contribute to society or some shit
I thought you were the original anon What are you getting at then?
No she fucking can't you retard, have you really become so warped by tumblr and /pol/ that you believe that?Asking a girl out isn't sexual harrassment, it can't be reported as sexual harassment, and even if it was sexual harassment, most schools don't simply expel a student for that, it's usually an ongoing process that requires proof you've been in a pattern of sexual aggressive behavior.
most schools don't simply expel a student for thatThat's true, but you will still gain notoriety just for having the claim put against you, and that can have an effect.
Is your opinion being influenced by that one anon who asked his whole campus out?
No.
I don't think being chill is inherently unmasculine... I think there's something more. Maybe apathy?
The crux of the matter is that I feel like more of an effect in the world than a cause, a lack of agency which is typical of femininity
she can shove her butt in my face anyday
alcohol helps immensely with this. Or any other GABA agonist.
jesus christ just buy a prostitutewomen dont want to be with you because you're a whiny bitch. I'm a virgin too, btw. you're so obsessed with being bitter that you refuse to change.either give up your time-consuming hobbies or give up your waifu fantasies.
no one said you have to end up doing thatwhat if you come across a cutie 20 years old?
liberal arts degree, course is 95% femaleliving at homeno friends, never talk to anyoneI should kill myself.
tea pots calling kettles blackwhite people calling white people niggersretards giving retards adviceblind leading the blindgotta love this board.
it could've counted as rapestory?
it's probably just a matter of self confidence. sex can boost it, and so a lot of other "achievements" can do.
I cockblocked two lizards today tbh
how do I know this happened in america
american trash actually think like thisTypical of the country that never had any aristoracy apart from the Bush family.
joined a club when I started unididn't like itnever showed up

anon just find some hobbies and pursue them with passion, women will love you!!Eww virgin, maybe you should stop being so obsessive over your hobbies.Normies are so fucking stupid lmfao
What do you do when you're ugly and you have no passion, no hobbies outside of consuming media and no dreams for the future?Should i just lay down and die?
Only if you REALLY want to.
I don't really want to die but i don't know what i should do.I can't be a human larva forever but it feels like i lack what it takes to be a functioning human being.
t it feels like i lack what it takes to be a functioning human beingMaybe that's just the case. In the meantime, at least try to find something to enjoy.
That's not a problem, i have anime and video games.
Good old "reasons why my life sucks right now and any possible redeeming features of it" thread? Shit that's gone horribly wrong recently I've got 2k in tax to pay, which I have in the bank ready but.. last weekdriving on motorway highway doing 50 because slow traffic guy infront randomly slams his breaks onI also do, still end up going into the back of him later found out at around 9 mph due to no airbag deployment is now claiming I broke his spine and his entire back of his car needs replacing there was a few scratches, it was my car that got fucked I have 1.5k to pay minimum due to voluntary excess because lol good luck getting insured as a young driver without it fast forward till this Saturday got mugged at gun point, took entire wallethave to cancel all cards, get a new driving licence, lost rent cash landlords giving me an extra month to pay, which is decent of him having to beg parents to borrow cash so I don't get arrested for failing to pay either insurance or taxgirlfriend thinks she's pregnant despite always using a condom I'm fucking 21How shitty is your week going?
girlfrienddrives21has cardshas moneymoved out of parents' houseyoungsorry mr. Perfect, I'll just take my leave to wizchan now, I keep forgetting what normies live on this "depression" board.
mommie making me eggs and bacon this morningit's noonI have nothing to do except stay at home reading, staying comfy, and going outside to experience my winter paradisei'm 25Sure is nice to be a NEETSorry Anon
I have no car anymore until it's fixed and I can't afford my billsThat's hardly perfect
We don't need feels where we're going
kek they'll be doing manspreading with their asses in jail
Fuck your testicular health.
needing to use public transportIt's your own fault.
Are people really this terrified of saying "hey pal can you budge up a bit?" or something?Suddenly I don't feel so weird for being too afraid to leave the house.
Society is fucked.
Would you be able to talk to this girl?
"Hey I like your hair" Not hard, anon.
Yeah ofcourse but I would make it obvious I only care about her tits and am not interested in anything she has to say because shes a slut. Ironically shell probably get turned on by it.
Don't try this unless you know her or you're ugly. When that whole street harassment shit took off last year, I asked a couple of my female friends about what they consider street harassment, I threw out how they would feel if a stranger mentioned they liked her hair or something real mundane like that. A most said they would take it as a compliment if they found the guy attractive, one said just don't do it because it's creepy.
Who is this? Are there more pictures? Reverse image search turns up nothing.
My ex
Ree normie etc.Please post more.
No she's too ugly. She looks like a blond Marylin monson with boobs
the boobs say yes but the face says no
Depends, is she a virgin with no desire to pursue non white men?If so, I'll take 1.If not, she can rot in a hole for all I care.
No, and not any other girl for that matter.
I can and fuck her silly on my cock.

2/10
tfw best only friend moves back from abroadtfw best only friend moves into the same apartment blocktfw best only friend has become a normie chad thundercock with more sexual partners than I have back acnetfw best only friend still treats me like his best friend but I'm afraid to invite him over to my suicide holetfw best only friend keeps calling despite me ignoring the callstfw for now
is this best only friend considerate of you?if so, open up to him and he'll likely accept who you are and maybe even help
Maybe try getting him to help you get laid?
he knows who I am, we've been friends since the age of 3. he does "help" by dragging me out or showing up when I haven't spoken to another human in 3 weeksit's not an attitude thing. he looks like a male model and I'm obese and balding. he's a law apprentice and I dropped out of college to play video games and smoke weed
He sounds like a total fucking bro, why ignoring him?
because my apartment's a mess designed only to accommodate one person I've never had a guest and I get anxious in crowds
this post is proof that loneliness stems from mental illnessnot from normies isolating you
Then clean up your house.Put some music on and make a day out of it.Seriously do you want to be on one of those hoarders shows in 15 years, this is how it starts.Anyways, it sounds to me like you're just making excuses not to hang out with him
yeah this was supposed to be that day but so far I've sat here, watched some dota on twitch and shatpost here
Then do it right now and stop being a shit human being.Think how great it will feel to have a clean house
tfw you don't have any friends who are calling you
become a normie chad thundercockyou don't "become chad", you're either lying or exaggerating
he grew into ita regular average normie into chad normie. it does happen a lot.
tfw banned on /mu/
I keep wondering how much of /r9k/'s userbase are people who frequent /mu/, considering the sticky reference.
I love getting banned locallyit gives me a reason to explore other boardsmod please ban me from /r9k/ for like 3 days
/mu/ /fa/ and /r9k/ have a stupid amount of overlap from my experience
can confirm,personally i frequent all of them and /n/ also becuz bikes r cool,
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy lmao
OP here again, what music do you r9k like though?
This pic gives me so much life.
i know your feel anontfw no qt /fa/shionable self righteous bf
fashionabledenim, converse, and flannel shirts2015standard as fuck.
b-but that's /mu/tan, he isn't fashionable one bit
Can manlets ever be alpha? I don't think so,even if they buff up.A real 6'0"+/1.83m+ man usually commands an air of dominance and intimidation naturally, a manlet will never be taken seriously.Even a manlet with money is not taken seriously by anyone. No woman cares about him, but his money. She will cheat on him with a taller guy.Even a manlet with a big dick, a woman might like him in bed but that's it, she won't settle with him. No woman will want to be seen with him among other peopleEven a manlet with a good face, I mean just look at Tom Cruise, who even cares about him? He's like a circus monkey, a moneymaker, but that's it.
Yes.
You can see she's laughing internally
I'm guessing you mean alpha women?Low rank females won't care so long as he has redeemable features.Lower your standards.
I mean just look at Tom Cruise, who even cares about him? He's like a circus monkey, a moneymaker, but that's it.
Recently I moved interstate to chase a dream. However, in doing so, I have dropped my standard of living far below the poverty line. I am happy as shit that I am following something I want to do but does anyone have any tips on surviving with little to no cash. I already live in a trailer park and know not to fraternize with the deluded fiends that inhabit this shit hole. But what else you got?
Eat cans of tuna fish, they are very cheap but have a lot of the nutrients that you need. You can also eat rice, which has fewer nutrients but is overall pretty cheap and can help fill you up.Even if you don't want to fraternize with your neighbors, you should still make a point of being as nice as you can to them, you never know when things might go wrong and you might really need their help.
These neighbours of mine.... only understand meth, incest and screaming "get your own fucking water you stupid little cunt" at their 4 year old child/sister/ potential aunt.
5-6 years oldlive in a nice place in the suburbsa couple of years older girl lives next doorbest friends, always hanging out togethereven start watching anime and thanks to it eventually discover 4chan thanks to her, she loved Sailor Moonmove away literally to the other part of the country15 years latervisit the city where I lived back thendecide to check out the place where I lived cousins live there nowstay there for a few daysone day the neighbors the girl's mom that is, husband/father died a few years ago finds out I'm visiting and asks me to come have dinner with the two of them kinda surprised she still lives with her parent in her early to mid 20s, but figured she's there over summervisit them for dinnermom is a MILF, good looking, well dressed, etc.daughter looks like complete mess, unkempt hair, sickly pale skin, acts weird, doesn't talk at all during dinner, whenever I ask her something she just mutters something I can't even hearshe excuses herself and leaves and goes to her roomkeep talking to her momapparently she dropped out of high school more than five years ago, doesn't have any friends, just sits in her room, plays video games and watches chinktoonsSo this is how RL Tomoko would be like, huh?
give her the D
Do women know that their male friends are only pretending to see them as friends? Or do they actually think the softball, kid-gloves, limpwristed acquaintanceship they get from their male friends is how two male buds treat each other?Genuinely curious.
If you actually had female friends you'd know you treat them likes guys.Treat all women like guys.It demands their respect
They know what they're doing
Why did you post this picture? Why are you believing in the words of a woman?
Doris Lessing is a pretty good author.
Contrary to popular belief, girls can be bros. Like honestly if you meet a really cool qt grill and she rejects you as her personal dildo/mating partner then befriend her and if you're truly bros then she'll be your wing manseriously women will help you get laid if they like you and think you should fuck one of their friends. You don't even have to be Chad to accomplish that.
Treat all women like guys.Women can't handle banterWomen can't play hit female friendWomen will expect a male friend to be an emotional tampon women can't funny like menFor what purpose?
seriously women will help you get laid if they like you and think you should fuck one of their friends. I agree with this completely, but this is basically why you have female friends, not because they're actually interesting or bro tier. They're just useful and it's normal and healthy to have a few.
Women are not good authors. Women are subhuman. You shouldn't take the work of a subhuman seriously.
Women can't handle banter Yes they canWomen can't play hit female friendYes you canWomen will expect a male friend to be an emotional tampon No, you're an emotional tamponwomen can't funny like menTrue.I just got back from a female friends house..trust me on this oneYou're the problem not them. Take them off that fucking pedestal
I had female friends in highschool. They were all into games/anime and part of a large weeb group I hung out with.
Could not have said it better myself. Females even as friends are emotionally exhausting.
hadwhat happened?
I have a few female friends that are bro tier. I dont really understand this meme.
thinks women can handle banterLiterally the only way you could be this deluded is if you were a woman yourself.QED, post your feet.
Ditto.Though there's always one rare female that's completely bro-tier and it's kind of hot, but kind of weird at the same time. Especially if they're mad qt.I dated a girl for a few months, and we ended up being best friends more than we were a couple and now she's like a sister to me. Though she doesn't try to get me laid cause that'd require her to be social and she is anything but social.no pp touch for me :c
You sound like you don't have any friends at all IRL.Also i'm quite male.
After I graduated I never called or contacted anyone again, avoided others attempts to communicate with me and became a shut in.
Wtf is banter?
this immediate attempt at "i bet ur a loser" My femanon detector already worked. Now you're just trying to overload it. Please don't, they're expensive.Also post your feet.Post your feet.
ITT: Cucks who think orbiting will pay off one day
I have female friends and they can't handle the same banter that men can. You can call it banter but its really not even banter anymore.
I lost 95% of my friends when I switched from an actual High School campus to Virtual School. Shit sucked but had more free time to hang with what few friends I had left, but they have jobs so I'm stuck home most of the time.Graduating in like 3 days and then I get to look for a job, whoop
Not a femanon but I work on my feet all day. I doubt you wanna see my calloused as fuck feet.
tfw your last gf was met through a mutual female friend.
You're just making really obvious /r9k/ assumptions becoming hostile.. you seem like the type who only socializes on the internet
I don't really base how I treat my friends on whether they're girls or not.I just treat them as "harshly" as I know they can handle.There are girls I'll roughhouse with and insult in a friendly manner, because I know they can take it, but there are male friends I have who I won;t do that with, because they're limp wristed feminine little turds.Yes, there is a strong correlation between me being physically gentler with girls, but that's more to do with me outweighing them by a few dozen kilos than them being girls.Really, the only difference I notice between female and male friends is that the male friends usually have more technical skills and can help you with things, but men like that are becoming less common anyway.
you're so like /r9k/!! [read: I'm not, i.e. I don't belong]why are you so hostile :S [can't handle banter]you're probz a loser! [my vagina is offended, must call the perpetrator socially incompetent or a virgin]Hello qt femanon.
Not that guy, but I'm a man who works on his feet all day, and my feet are soft and smooth.Get better shoes and thick socks.
I've been here since day 1.Your type took over but /r9k/ was not about being anally rekt over not having friends m8
Women can't play hit female friendYes you canman hit a guyahahahaha what a sissy hit bro ahaman hit woman15-20 in maximum security prison and get buttfucked by Tyrone
Nothing wrong with being "that guy" if you are trying to help someone. I have tried alot of different work shoes and I even wear special insoles but nothing seems to help. I used to be heavy and I thought it would get better when I lost weight but nope.
femanon getting gapedlelel
I meant I wasn't the footfag you were replying to.
learn to fucking type please
Only male friends I've had never showed any romantic or sexual intrest in me. When will you stop believing the lie you have to want to bone every female you come into contact with?
I hit my friends hard enough to actually injure themI hit my friends when they are not in the mood for it
elaborate
there is no reason a man should be friendly with a woman whose pussy is taken, she already has a man
They may not want to bone you, but they do know you can't handle banter and aren't really best friend material.
What the fuck is banter?
what is a beta orbiter?guys treat you nicely and be your friend with the hope that YOU will show interest, since they think nice = bf materialthey fear rejection because they are beta, so they'll never make a moveor you're just extremely ugly
Exactly.
You know how people act like they'd cut eachothers throats on here?FUCK YOU FAGGOT LITTLE BITCH YOU'RE AN IDIOTsome people think that counts as socializing because they see it in movies
It's better than keeping it all inside and being passive aggressive :
No, we go back and forth all the time.He isnt a beta orbited. He is a normie and one of two people who text and call me every couple of months. I'm average. You can be friends with girls. You can't be friends with girls you are physically attracted to. Only anons believe that lie of every nice guy wants to befriend a girl just to bone her becuause they don't have one female friend. If I didn't have one male friend, I might believe this lie too./thread
You don't have to explode to not be passive aggressive lol.You can call a girl a bitch or a pussy to her face and she'll laugh.If you kick her in the gut and scream FUCKING CUNT, yeah that is too much.I wouldn't do that to anybody because i'm not a social pariah though.
Your mistake is in thinking that what you are with this guy is "friends," or that people in this thread are saying that you can't be whatever you are with this guy.You can be what you are with this guy. Acquaintances. You will never be real friends, as you won't with any other man.Uh.. good on you?
Women who have orbiters, and the orbiters themselves, are opposite sides of the same coin. They are both horrible people, and each enables the horrid shit that the others do. Any woman with beta orbiters should be given a wide berth by men looking for commitment as you will always have your shortcoming compared to orbiters that she has no interest in dating, but will use as a tool against you.Any beta orbiters should be given a wide berth by any women, because they are willing to supplement the emotional needs of any women without receiving anything for it. "Why buy the cow, when you can get the milk for free?" comes to mind.
When you make fun of a friend but it's implicitly understood to be in good nature.
Your mistake is in thinking that what you are with this guy is "friends," or that people in this thread are saying that you can't be whatever you are with this guy.You can be what you are with this guy. Acquaintances. You will never be real friends, as you won't with any other man.Nope, we are friends. You can choose to believe the truth or not, doesn't change this fact.
You will never be real friendsshouldnt a guy and girl be friends before becoming bf/gf? compatibility is a big part of a relationship. why go out if you have nothing in common?
I do that with a few of my female friends all the time.
You believe you are friends. We can both agree on that, at least. I'm SURE you are as close to him as his best male bro is. Love isn't the same as camaraderie and friendship. One of the main reasons career soldiers are universally hostile to women in the military is that women in groups of men under duress immediately fraternise with the highest ranked ones or any one who can get them things, and completely fuck up group cohesion. It's like clockwork every single time.That's a great instinct/impulse for sustaining an intimate relationship, I guess, but it's not how friendship works. Friendship is what the men were sharing before the woman came and ruined it.
You believe you are friends. We can both agree on that, at least. I'm SURE you are as close to him as his best male bro is.Yes and that's why we are friends, believe it or not you choose not because /r9k/ told you so. We both know we are friends. Good luck with that, anon.
Good luck with your perception of your phony acquaintanceship as well. On the plus side, at least you'll never experience real friendship and then notice what's lacking in your existing ones.
Good luck with your perception of your phony acquaintanceship as well. We are just friends. Build a bridge and get over it. On the plus side, at least you'll never experience real friendship and then notice what's lacking in your existing ones.Sure, sure, anon. Whatever your femalefriendless self needs to hear to sleep at night, let it be so.
We are just friends.What you perceive to be friends, i.e. acquaintances. If you had real friends, you'd know the difference.Sure, sure, sure, sure, good luck with that, you're a friendless loser etc. Sorry I struck a nerve.
i like it when robots give advice on friendship and dating. its like the blind leading the blind.
a person whom one knows and with whom one has a bond of mutual affection, typically exclusive of sexual or family relations.By the definition of friends, we are friends, not your robot definition. Men and women can be friends. That's it. This isn't a Disney movie where you have to like every person of the opposite sex and have to have sexual relations.
You are acquaintances, not friends. Men and women can be acquaintances, which is what you are.sexNo one said anything about sex. It's just that you as a woman are incapable of true friendship, in the same way you're incapable of the group cohesion that makes military camaraderie possible, e.g.
The best is when they talk about sex. That's the only reason I still come to this board, it's quite humorous.
Lord knows you don't come here because you fit in or bond with people. That would require you to be male.
It's just that you as a woman are incapable of true friendshipI'm sorry you are incapavble of understanding how definitions work, anon. Really, sad. By the definition of friends, we are friends. Stop devaluing my frienship with him because of my genitals.
I am male. I also believe in more traditional relationships. Most of the people here are complete fucking morons who think that anyone who doesn't totally agree with them must be a female or a "whiteknight cunt". This is why I laugh at this board, mrjw is almost as bad as sjw. Only difference is that it isn't taken seriously by anyone.
The definition of friendship is complex, first of all. It's not some platonic ideal definition with a checklist of requirements to be ticked off to determine whether or not you have a friend.But anyway, this difficulty is moot because the issue in this thread is and has always been whether or not you are "true" friends, or more clearly whether you are friends to the same degree that two men can be. And the answer is no. Relative to a male-male friendship, yours can never be more than an acquaintanceship. I pity you. This board is fucking pathetic and I only come here to laugh at it! Femanon pls go.
I'm not a femanon. I am a 26 year old sperglord neet.
Do you like video games?
I pity you not understanding friendship. It not exclusinve to one gender to sex to the same. This isn't the sixth grade. I'll be friends with you even if you can't grasp the concept of friendship and have a sixth grade look out on frienship. I don't have coodies and I enjoy anime and studying. If we have similar intrests, we should try to be friends, doesn't mean we will be friends because our personalities might not be compatible, in the same age range, ect.
It not exclusinve to one gender to sex to the same.SIXTH GRADE SIXTH GRADE YOU'RE IN THE SIXTH GRADECalm down. You're becoming incoherent.
Yeah I enjoy them. I like posting on 4chan and listening to music on YouTube better these days but earlier this year I was playing stuff on emulators on my raspberry pi
Sorry, its been a long night. One anon not understanding friendship is really sad. At the end of the day, him saying we aren't friends doesn't make us not friends. It's my friend and I that determine this. I've already said we were and he also said it so that's it.
Your style of argumentation is really weird.You are sad. So sad. I'm so sad for you. Wow, sad. So sad. What I say is true. It's true. That's it and that's all! That's it! What I say is fact, and fact is true, and that's it!Maybe we can reason this out by way of analogy. Your ability to make real friends is like your ability to argue.

It's a fact we are friends. You being sad, I can't determine that because that's on you. I can make friends easily but can't keep them. I'm not arguing with you, just correcting you. Have a nice day.
le fedora I bet you don't get laid because girls don't like to have sex with you because you disagreed with me :^ See? Now imagine this level of floundering, but in terms of your ability to build close friendships.
A: "Why do you just repeat 'it's a fact and ur sad'?"B: "It's a fact. You are sad." You have a nice day too, friendless lady with the strange typing problems.
Can we be friends?
i wasnt the femanon you were arguing, nice to see you are still worked up though. what is it like to care about something? im so lethargic nothing entertains me.
I have two friends, one male and one female. That is all. Those are the only ones I need or give a shit about me.If we have enough in common, we could become friends.
Sure, anon! I'm sure it's because you like the two things you know about me, an anonymous stranger, and not just because I'm female :Honestly about two posts into this shitty fucking exchange I just wanted to see how long I could keep her replying with the exact same reply reformulated, by doing exactly the same.After like 20 of those I saw that thread is literally 75% the two of us and the weird cuck dude quoted above, and now I'm just sort of committed to the farce.
Are you retarded? That's not banter. Banter is going at your friends and expecting them to go after you in return. It's a way to keep your flaws in check and also your ego. Jesus go outside already...
I'm sure it's because you like the two things you know about me, an anonymous stranger, and not just because I'm female :Just stop. I said "enough in common". I already said there is more to it than having similar intrests but thanks for showing how shallow you are.
I'm not shallow. You must be confusing me for the femanon. Women are shallow.That's a fact.
Ignore that person, anon. S/he's just trying to get you into an argument.
It's easy to have male friends. I just fuck all of them.
Okay.jpegI'll stop because it's late and I didn't notice it was so late.
You'll stop because you got BTFO. Enjoy your friendless life, friendlessanon.DO NOT INTRUDE
Two friends and counting. I wasn't BTFO'd by anyone let alone one who doesn't understand the meaning of friendship. DO NOT INTRUDEThat anon wasn't intruding. Rude, anon. This is why you have zero friends.
you have been arguing for more than an hour and a half now. pls stop. you got rekt. its over.
DO NOT INTERTRUDEYou aren't even bothering to deny it. Yeah. Steer clear.
i mean the femanon, not the supreme gentleman.
Two friends and counting.You mean acquaintances. We covered this!I think you will find it is you who has been getting rekt, chinaman. 3v1 and I still win, nice. cheerleading the femanon so she'll be your internet friendCuck.
im not on any side. im just pointing out that this argument has been going on for 1 hour and 45 minutes now
Yes, I, the femanon, got "rekt". I will call my MALE friend, now former friend Really acquaintance  that because some retard on the internet said we can't be friends because he has a wee wee and I have a pee pee. Have a good summer, anon. Junior high might be difficult for you. Anon, you are right about everything, don't let being told you are wrong and being wrong stop you from thinking you are right. Nice win. Retard anon-1 Sane anons-0
The truth never sleeps, Wang Ping. all those words no contentCalm down and try again, please. I know the pain of not having real friends is harsh, but you need to compose yourself before posting.
i had a female friend recently. it's a long distance friendship.i told her i was starting to get a crush on her just to see what she'd say.she goes, "yeah, i figured, but i just don't love you that way"she figured i had a crush on her? is it because i'm a man and she's a woman?she started telling me she loves me and i was the one who was caught off guard by it and she figures I have a crush on her?the arrogance of women is what pisses me off about them. they think everyone likes them and everyone is hitting on them.
Wee wees are boy parts and pee pees are girl parts. I'm sure you know this since the ones with pee pees have cooties. all those wordsno contextJunior high is going to be really hard for you. I wish you luck.
literally can't even read"context" = "content"See, if you had calmed down like I asked, you would have been able to read simple words.
I read it as "context". Have fun though. I'm not even worked up. Its always fun to get "BTFO'D" and "rekt" by someone who has no idea what they are talking about. You really won. I'm now friendless because you someone who knows nothing about my friendships said so. Thanks for the PSA that we can't be friends. Really did me a solid. Keep up the good work in junior high.
I read it as "context".Right, because you are a retard. We covered this.Enjoy having no friends. We also covered this.
Sure, because you, a retard who is always "right", says I'm retarded, it is so. I also have no friends because you are a retard baiter. Can you tell me me if I'm getting that job or not, O Great One?
this argument has now elapsed the 2 hour mark. you could have watched the new mad max movie in that time.
Sure, because you, a retard who is always "right", says I'm retarded, it is so.Why didn't you have the time to learn English when you had no friends to distract you?I watched TNG episodes Remember Me, Reunion, and Tin Man.
you are arguing with someone who is mentally handicapped, just don't reply anymore.
This. Just let him have the last word. Let him win.
I'm so sorry for mistaking something for something else and leaving out a word or two, O Great One! Its 4:21 AM and I'm tired of talking to a retard online! Please tell me if I get the job or not. Not like I have school or work tomorrow. You have to help the handicapped, anon.
All this bait and we still can't hook up
I'm sorry for not being able to speak English or read basic sentences.It's OK. I'm not really asking for an apology. I'm moreso just bringing to your attention that you are functionally illiterate. I feel like I should do that, as a friend. Or rather, as an acquaintance, since you're female.
Sure, anon. Whatever you say.
Exactly. So you can stop posting.
You are right, again. I should.
But you never will.
Will I?


When I had an orbiter, I genuinely thought he enjoyed my company independent of my vagina. But might have just been the naivety that comes with being 15-18.



bumping it
I like that more people are learning about Lessing
Only an r9ker would say this because they're that desperate for women.
I'm sure they are.
Sounds like you're the one who is desperate for women.
I don't think they are.
I'm a straight girl.
Oh, so you can't have friends. Condolences.
Don't respond to him. Not worth your time.
I have both good guy and girl friends, who are nice to everyone regardless of their gender and status. You and other robots however are not genuinely nice at all.
I hope so.
Oh yeah, I will stop now.
You have acquaintances, not friends. Banal niceness has nothing to do with friendship. Thank you.
I hope so, too.Not worth talking to stupid, anon because they never change.
Not worth talking to stupid, anon because they never change.Why didn't you take your several hours vacation from the thread to improve your English?
I don't know what you're talking about. Stop seeing women as a completely different species.I went through highschool being the only guy in all my classes and I have 3 sisters. Women can be your friend.The only difference is that they don't seem to have unconditional friendship like men have. They can go from being best friends to hating eachother for years for no good reason at all.
Sure, anon. Whatever you say.
So what do you like best about Rustle, anon?And seriously, what is your first language? Sure as shit isn't English.
Very good thread
So what do you like best about Rustle, anon?And seriously, what is your first language? Sure as shit isn't English.Of course not, anon.
Κρίτωντίς ἦν, ὦ Σώkρατες, ᾧ χθὲς ἐν Λυkείῳ διελέγου; ἦ πολὺς ὑμᾶς ὄχλος περιειστήkει, ὥστ᾽ ἔγωγε βουλόμενος ἀkούειν προσελθὼν οὐδὲν οἷός τ᾽ ἦ ἀkοῦσαι σαφές: ὑπερkύψας μέντοι kατεῖδον, kαί μοι ἔδοξεν εἶναι ξένος τις ᾧ διελέγου. τίς ἦν;
Who here doesn't give a fuck about pets?never grew up with petsevery time I'm with normies and there's a pet nearby everybody rushes over to look at itwalking down the street and seems like normies practically jizz themselves at the chance to pet someone's doghave slowly learned over the years that if you're around normies and normie pet owners that it's customary to pet the animal in order to avoid looking like some animal hating weirdoI don't hate animals. I once had a fish for a well and like to watch animal planet sometimes. I just don't want to touch other people's animals. To me a pet is somebody else's property and I don't feel like touching other people shit.And I don't want to lie and say that I have allergies either. The reason for this thread is because I was taking a stroll around my neighborhood to get some fresh air and try to lose weight and some succubus cunt dogwalker that I had to pass on a trail stopped in her tracks and said "if you're not going to acknowledge me, can you at least acknowledge my dog"Shit made me mad for half a daytldr robots and other people's pets
Tfw lonely Tfw want a petTfw workingTfw no time to take care of it fully Tfw can't commit
it's funny when people project love and feelings on to their cat which obviously doesn't give a fuck about them
do you think she wanted the d ?
grow up with grandmother for few yearsshe runs local humane societyhas tons of animalsgrow uphave tons of animals myselfYou will never know the basic pure joy of having it depend on you and love you unconditionally. Animals are the best, I have 4 dogs, a cat and a horse.
Have 9 birdsSomething like 5 females and 4 males Every day is a constant fight to determine who sits where in the pecking orderFights, staredowns, claiming and defending perches, intimidation and bullying all regular thingsOne bird is a complete robot, just sits on its own away from the others and barely ever responds to them, always eats when the others are finishedOne is a failed normie beta, always trying to preen and feed the females who rejected and friendzoned him long ago, that's if the Chad birds don't chase him away firstThe rest are Chads and Stacys, always talking and preening and sitting next to each othertfw you can actually understand a lot about how human societies work by observing intelligent animal societies
who /nofriends/ here?discuss your lack of human interaction
Reporting.All I do is play vidya, watch interracial porn and post on sites.
Reporting. All I do is read books, sleep, and browse forums.
Kill yourself loser
4chan is a viable alternative to the human need for friendship.Best part is, at the end of the day it all goes back in the box. At the start of the day, you're a fresh new person.
he seriously has friendsWhat a fucking loser.
I have 2 friends.I'm basically Chad.
4chan is my only source of interaction and half the time I just lurk or get no replies
never have friendsnever learn normal social interaction to a point where I can't even fake itIts bad to the point where I can't talk one on one with anybody without doing weird shit like holding my breath to not make my hyperventilating obvious but only make it worse.
I get nervous around people,even people I've known at work, or elsewhere for years . I'm fucked up. It's every day when.ever I meet someone. Fear, suspicion, awkwardness. I'm real old too.
I made one irl friend recently, too bad we live 2000km apart.
I have lots of acquaintances that I can talk to. Does that count? I never hang out though. Or call or text or email.
I simply dislike people. I don't like being around them, listening to them, and especially replying to since I wouldn't start a conversation with someone them. I wish I was the only person in the universe
Really sucks when you are in the presence of normies. You stand out when you aren't glued to a phone.
I used to go on omegle sometimes just to get some interaction with other people. Every once in a while I would have a good enough conversation that I would exchange contact info with the person I was talking to but we would never end up actually talking again.
Don't wake the loli /r9k/
I have no friends and I sleep all day and am up all night. I wish sherlock was my friend.
sleep jack off video games animu movies at least i got a killer computer recently that goes 180mph though
tfw your friends never message you unless you message them, and it feels like a never-ending struggle maintaining contact.
I am /nofriends/.Cannot get social interaction at work because I work alone.Local grocery store has gotten rid of cashiers and replaced them with self-checkouts so I cannot talk to cashiers.No living relatives.No ever replies to my posts here.Everyone skips me on omegle.This is the only way I can get social interaction. I post here and pretend people care. I literally have no way else of socializing.
my only friend told me yesterday that i'm annoying and i'm too self-conscious to talk to him now ;_;
Haven't had a single friend in ~7 years, literally happier without them. I don't have the energy to interact with other people, they are tiring to be around. Friends interrupt vidya and anime and require time that I am not willing to sacrifice for them./loner/
I have a friend coming over for dinner this Saturday, so that should be good. I haven't seen him for ages though. I'm trying to get a job at Sydney Trains, so that should occupy my time and give me money
Be honest with yourself, are you exaggerating? When was the last time you had some social interaction? and even more, the last time when you had some enjoyable social interaction
today marks the second year of having no friendsplay videogames all day and wish I had a friend to go to the shooting range withtfw people I hung out with in highschool weren't really my friends
have 2-3 good real life friendsstill feeling dead inside
I'll be anybody's friendFriendless for 2 years nowMoshimoshidicku@gmail.com
I saw an old friend from high school today. She insulted me and I reacted dramatically and now I'm really regretting it. tfw could have ignored it and tried to get her to hang out again tfw even if she had blown me off I could at least knew I tried tfw now she might try to report me to the police or something
Local grocery store has gotten rid of cashiers and replaced them with self-checkouts so I cannot talk to cashiers.Isn't it illegal in most states to buy alcohol/smokes through self-checkouts? Do they just not sell those things?
I saw your email on that map a few days ago anon You live near me
Best part is, at the end of the day it all goes back in the box. At the start of the day, you're a fresh new person.I think this describes why 4chan is popular amongst people like us.
have a few aquaintances from collegeother than that there are my parentsIt's ok I guess, I got used to solitude and being alone, 4chan helps I guess.
Cool?Talk to me before I throw up and sober up
What did you do?
Occasionally get lonelyGo onto some random Steam Group where fags like to voice chatTry it for a week or soI don't like these fagsCut all communicationGet lonely again after half a year or soAnd so the cycle repeats
I played arma with a 4chan group but just ended up getting bored and doxing a few of them and causing drama behind the scenesThat's the last time I was able to hold consistent contacts for longer than a week
small group of friends from highschoolalways mentally prepared for them to just turn around and tell me to fuck offbecause of that, never actually connect with anyone in a meaningful way or at allany time the smallest bit of conflict comes up i always hammer it as hard as possible to drive a wedge between them and mei hate my life and i wish i was dead
I threw my diet coke on her and called her a cunt. She slapped me and I pulled her hair and then she said she had to stop because she was on probation, so we both walked away. Dumb spic bitch
Anime girls with pink hair always make my dick the absolute hardest.
tfw so lonely you have asmr on in the background while shitposting
tfw white and living in Korea
Thanks OP, I hadn't laughed that much in a while
tfw no qt 3.14 kgf
Why is this so cute and happy but makes me feel fead inside?
Being white in Asia is awesome at first, especially if you used to be a kv, because there's an early phase of drowning of pussy and you can't think straight. But then you start opening your eyes and see all these Asian whores acting the same way with any white guy that comes their way and you start feeling disgust and contempt for all of them. You start seein how Asian guys may feel about women, and you remember how you felt about white girls, and realize all women are the same. You see girls who treated you special acting like sluts in heat with other white guys and realize you really were never special in the first place and it was all just a lie big, pathetic lie. You only get attention because of the color of the skin and while it's comforting to get any kind of attention and sex at the first, once the realization sinks in that it means nothing, you feel just as bad as before.
Because just like anything out of Worst Korea, it's all fake-cute
I don't care about feeling special lol I just want to shove my dick down a Korean girls' throat
Sorn ruins another CLC songkill me
This is why North Korea is the way it is. They look across the boarder and recoil in horror at what has happened there.Fucking disgusting. Gas them all.
this mad roastie who knows her time is up
gooks tbh
whites think they can be robotscan literally just go to any first world asian country and drown in pussy with no effort
How do white girls compete with this? Serious question.
They don't compete, white girls live in white countries, Korean girls live in Korea.
white countriesRacist
Just cuck my shit up
That guy is handsome and could get laid anywhere.You're delusional if you think that asian girls will suck your dick just because you're white.
I live in Korea mate, getting girls is so easy it is insane. Like, I just gave girls approach me. I was a KV before I moved here.
They actually can't. White women's domination on the desire market is crumbling.It just makes me laugh, this is the rewards of all their "reel wimmin" campaigns and other beyond retarded shit, guys are realizing white women are trash and not worth the time and/or effort.
Jesus Christ Asia why do you like getting cucked by white people?
how is that not bad for business? They are openly cucking their men in a country with a virtually non existent white minority.
White men are currently very much in right now, trust me. It's crazy.
Why do Koreans love hip hop culture so much?
who gives a shit, it's free tight asian pussy.
Do they? Male k-pop is basically anything boygroup, some of which is hiphop but... it's more just teenage vaginas getting splooshy than any interest in hiphop
What is /r9k/'s personality type?
INTJ, just like half of r9k
Doing the test now, wait for me.
INTPhow are we different?The way i see it we're in the same boat buddy
Perceiving vs Judging you dunce.

I'm INTP too
I just don't see that as such a big difference personally.We use the same methods to get to the conclusion, we just have different views of it
INFJOsama/Hitler/Ghandi masterrace

I N F PNFP
16 personalities test is horrible, the 1-4 option is absolutely fucking retarded
INTJ-T ArchitectIt’s lonely at the top, and being one of the rarest and most strategically capable personality types, INTJs know this all too well. INTJs form just two percent of the population, and women of this personality type are especially rare, forming just 0.8% of the population – it is often a challenge for them to find like-minded individuals who are able to keep up with their relentless intellectualism and chess-like maneuvering. People with the INTJ personality type are imaginative yet decisive, ambitious yet private, amazingly curious, but they do not squander their energy.Damn.
I'm finding many of these hard to answer and chosing neutral. Does that mean I don't know enough about myself?
Famous INTJsVladimir PutinPaul KrugmanRudy GiulianiDonald RumsfeldColin PowellSamantha PowerLance ArmstrongRichard GereArnold SchwarzeneggerThomas JeffersonJohn F. KennedyWoodrow WilsonAugustus CaesarHannibal
INTJ and INTP share no functions.
ESFPThe EntertainerI usually get ENFP on these things.
my results
ISTJ a.k.a. boring, bland retard
I should probably talk to more people.
Personality: ISTJVariant: Turbulent Role: Sentinel 73% Introverted9% Observant21% Thinking37% Turbulent
ISTP
ESFPrate
normalfag/10
ISTP is truly end-game master race.I do shit when I feel like it and that's how I wound up in this shithole
Brothers
Reading the description makes me think this is not entirely accurate. I'll do this test againt tomorrow.
Rate me.
ISTP.
Ya, I truely fucked up a bit on some of these questions.
INTPWho /can't enjoy time travel movies because can't stop thinking of all the paradoxes created/ here?
tfw normie as fuck
INTPbut sometimes I get istj
And where did they get that data from? It must have been really hard to get the dead ones to take the test.
INTJ is supposed to be rarethey're everywhere onlineI think the test is outdated because they didnt have the internet be so prominent back when it was calculated. Introvert "masterminds" would spend their time reading books and gaining intelligence. Meanwhile those same characteristics in the modern age simply mean you spend a lot of time on the net.
That and INTJs tend to brag more about it.I know because I'm one.
ISFP.tfw no bf to drop plans for and express FEELINGS at me
INTJnot le edgy fedora tipper personality
^^^
Anybody who buys into this stuff falls under a single personality type, the gullible retard.
ENTP shitlord hereConservative christian - most ENTPs wear "I am an atheist, debate me" Tees
Schizoid INTJ reporting in, I can be a bit of a dick and I usually am.Can't get myself into selfloathing and all that though, probably too narcissistic for that
I used to get INTJ consistently. Now I'm an INTP consistently. What does that mean?
it means the test is inconsistent/essentially worthless
Surely it just means personalities can drift over time. The test doesn't produce random results.
ISTP here. I don't know what i should think of it
It doesn't mean anything because it's an internet test on a subject matter that is still very much contested even in a proper academic environment. Everybody who goes around talking about people's personality types as though they give a truly reliable insight into a person is a moron.
It means the test gives inconsistent results. You shouldn't come up with rationalizations as to why that happens, especially ones that make the test less falsifiable.
xNTP
So like. Am I a normshit?
yes, 90% of this board is normalfags now because of that stupid fucking frogcatch a flu and die
What about me is so normie though? I just want a qt racist virgin to lose my vcard to.
Morning femanon.Coffee?
*unzips bra*
Can you guys keep it down at night? When Chad was pounding your ass last night Brad you wouldn't both wouldn't stop moaning. Although I would like some coffee please.
slips, starts falling downaccidentally takes off Chad's shortsthe wind currents conjured by the fall take off Brad's shorts tooboth dicks enter mouth while landingthey accidentally cumaccidentally swallows all of it
heh wha- no, b-bye
tfw no average bf to have coffee with
averagereeeeeeeeeeee
"Sure, thanks"Drink coffee and continue my life because I am not shallow enough to get distracted by 2 attractive guys.
"Who are you and what are you doing in my home?"
O for Originality.
I try, anon. I really do.
women on 4chanLel I'm honestly not sure women even exist at this point, I haven't seen a white woman IRL in like 4 weeks.
implying they didn't fuck each other
Stop making my fujoshit fantasy run wild. They are 3DPD.
Is this a play on the patriarchal aspects of our society and how the rich, white, straight, cis- privileged men can literally get away with sneaking into a person's house, rape them, and then make coffee using a woman's or trans*person's coffee equipment without anyone ever batting an eye or calling them out?
I hope you guys used a towel while you were buttfucking on my couch
I laughed. Nice zeros.
MPV
NICE
checked
tfw no gf to fall asleep cuddlingtfw no gf to have coffee withwhy fucking live
assymetrical absI know that feel breh
fuck you a woman could do the samei fell for it
Guy on the right is ugly and the guy on the left has gayface
Fuck off Chad, I'm tired of your bullshit.
No
WITNESS ME
mfw I was there to witness this momentous occasion
by my gf quint girl
I WITNESS YOU BROTHER
Thanks for the coffee.goes back to sleep
"S-Sure. Thanks." If they are Chads because it seems so, I will go out of my way to make a schedule of when they will and won't be in the house. I did this for my hall because there were so many Stacys. I'm pretty sure by the end of the year they forgot what my voice sounded like. I swear to God if I have to be silent hearing Chads and Stacys get it on through the hall, I'm gonna do nothing and stay silent.
No thanks, please let me use the stove, I have eggs to cook. Want any?
Meh.
Sorry for stealing you bed femanon, could you sleep on your couch?
"Yeah I'll have ten you ugly bitch, and hurry up. Haha!" *hi-fives other Chad*"Wat do?
How does that saying go? All the good guys are either taken or gay?

Ignore it but give them none if we're in a public space, which is kind of what I'm assuming is the intent of the threadIf this was in my actual house and they were my tenants, I'd start the eviction process. I don't need the rent and like hell I'm living with assholes.
If you would do anything else but turn tomato red and run away as fast as possible you need to get out
9gag GET OUT NORMIE RRRREÈEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Nice diddely-dubs
To have somone voluntarily be around me.To someone have a passion for meTO have someone who cares about me.Someone who can like meThe hardest feel out there is that no one will want to be this. No one will want me.I'll die alone and I will never know what love is.
I can't see myself having a gf, I don't think I could handle the intimacy.
Why do you think you will never have this?Make a list of reasons, I am curious.
I just want someone to share some faffs and laffs with.
I can't see myself having a gf, I don't think I could handle the intimacy.I had the first sex dream in years last night. Except it wasn't sex. I'd just discovered the most perfect porn ever.Even in dreams having real relations are too far fetched.
I son't even want a gf to just have sex with. Somebody who would geniunely appreciate spending time with me would mean more, sex would just be a plus
have problemafter huge amounts of worrying, sacrifice, stress, strife, frustration, and effort, finally overcome problemget new problem
You pretty much summed up life.
m8, things can't be all that bad, when Derryn Hinch goes to jail.
Schopenhauer's philosophy was a bit more depressing than thatHaving a problem you must overcome is one thing, finding an ideal to strive towards excellence is another. But Schopenhauer was saying they are both equally pointless. It's so much worse when an ideal is as unfulfilling as a necessary chore.
pussy is very fulfilling thoat least for meafter fucking a girl bareback i will at the very least feel completely content for the next 24 hourspussy = happiness
I read and totally agreed with and 'got' Schopenhauer whilst he was describing the inherently negative nature of existence, positive nature of suffering, veil of Maya, etcetera etcetera, but when I started reading his, shall we say, advice, for escaping the negative, samsaran cycle of life and death, he pretty much lost me.He's pretty adamant that death isn't the answer: 'On Suicide' rules that out, and I can sort of see what the path to enlightenment consists of, but how is it possible, while the cycle of life continues, to ever reach a permanent enlightenment?I've been driven to antinatalism.
hes not in Jail and why do you hate him? did he out you as a sex offender or something?
neighbours house next doorheavy weed smell over the last week coming from it12 midnight find some tennis ballsdouse it in gasoline and practice my swing"accidentally" light one one fire and it "accidentally" flies off into the neighbours yardcatches on the house, literally took firefighters an hour to get there and put it outI'm giggling under my sheets while light of the fiery blaze shines through my windowfinally they put the fire outthey find a meth lab and large amounts of weed in the basement which they said was the main cause of the firepolice then show up and arrest neighboursmfw
ITT: things that never happened
was on a packed train was shitty day so bad moodmy station camea 8/10 girl was standing on my wayI lean towards her with a smile and said "excuse me"she looks at me with disgust then returns back to using her phone"excuse me" I repeatshe totally ignores methis bitch thinks that I am hitting on herI hear the announcement that doors are going to closeree mode engagedI push her with all my strength from the back of her neck asideI hear her slam into the window and people startledI dashed towards the exit in a flash just before the doors closemfw I saw her screaming inside the train
carry a drink bottle filled a mixture of my urine and a ludicrous amount of chilli powdersquirt it directly into the eyes of normies who are rude or loud in public, to teach them a lesson in humilityi also squirt mixed-race couples, just because 4chan thinks they are bad and i'm probably doing the right thing
"accidentally" light one one fire and it "accidentally" flies off into the neighbours yardyeah so you took a flameming tennis ball with your bear hands and thew it up?
use mummys card to buy pornshe finds outtell her it was dadhe's too beta to deny it:^
OP got laid
bear handsDON'T.EVEN.
Any other hipsters online?Damn it feels good to be a hipster. I'm sitting here listening to Fleet Foxes and drinking a Cafe Mocha from Starbucks.Feels good.
Listening to Led Zeppelin, smoking weed and considering purchasing a $300 knitted sweater online.
Opinions pls
implying a hipster would ever frequent a StarbucksPathetic troll: 0/10.
Listening to popular music while drinking a popular drink at a popular coffee place makes you hipster????????
I listen to noise and power electronics. Though I primarily to breakcore or idm.It's as hipster as I get.
Went to an organic vegan cafe, few days ago, and I had some date, fig, and walnut pudding; It tastes pretty good. You guys sure know how to cook and thanks for making other less expensive.Any of yous live in Melbourne, Australia?So anyways, do you guys know a good online store for mens black jeggings? i want to complement with this sort of look with a septum piercing, dreadlocks, black lipstick, and black nail polish? I will bump up my hipster points a fair bit.Also I've been leaning out as well.
what the fuck am i reading
, 
, 
had to take an anger management class over the weekend25 of the 30 people there were normie sluts caught for shopliftingwhy are women so stupid that they steal phone cases and shit?
They are like cats after all :3
Why were you there?
There's a whole shoplifting community on tumblr. Search for "liftshopping" on there
now they're requiring a relationship to get a jobGuess it's the NEET life for me.
What is the job?
FOR WHAT FUCKING PURPOSE
Obligatory :Wake up to Normalization Alert WarningInforms me that I have spent too much time in solitude as I haven't socialized in over 5 hours Quickly grab my standard issue Iphonodroid and tweet some meaningless babble about my lifeI'm too late, Normalpatrol bursts through my glass door with a keg of Coors and a Family Guy DVDHandcuffed and pushed against the floor as they go through my stuff They check my computer and find out that I haven't updated the 5 required social networking sites They find out I haven't liked a facebook comment in over 20 hours They check my room and discover 3 non-FPS console games in my possession After finding enough evidence they dress me up in some artificially torn jeans and a Hollister shirt and take me to the station Ask where my gf is Break down in tears and tell them that I haven't been able to get a gf and have been lying on my Normalization checklist They perform the exceedingly painful virginity test and find out I still haven't gotten laid even though the cutoff to avoid getting put on the watch list is 16Tell me if I don't learn to conform then they'll have to put me down Ask them if there is anything I can do to spare my life Normalfag patrol man shrugs his shoulders and says "just b urself dude"
just b urself dudefucking kek
pre-selection
kek
a couple of points relating to the subject matter.men with girl friends tend to spend more money and therefore tend to be more inclined to keep their job.having a girl friend suggests your personality is respectable around both genders and implies you are less awkward in most situations.
Stop ur scaring me :
perfect
It's a position for couples you mong.
Flawless
fucking kekI am actually fearful of this reality, though.

implying this isn't the inevitable future we'll see within a decade.Be afraid, robots. The normies will stop at nothing to make us suffer.
To ensure they have a new generation of wageslaves lined up.
top kek
I love this fucking board
tfw u realise 1984 got it wrong tfw most accurate dystopia i've read in yearscan anything be done?
Only way I can see is if some people were to infiltrate the feminist movement and convince them that pathetic creepy betas without jobs or gfs aren't a danger to society. But that won't happen.
"just b urself dude"
No, literally guys: what are you going to do when it becomes legal and standard practice for all potential employers, colleges, letting agencies, etc to request a full report on you internet browsing activity from your current and all previous ISPs?
Long live the NEET lyf.
, 
I just cheated on my gf in witcher 3 and the auto saves have been over written so I cant undo this. I have a feeling it will come back to bite me in the arse later on. If Yen finds out im fucked. how could I have been so weak? I dont want to restart the game, im in too deep now. The stress of it all is killing me.
Is witcher 3 fun?
Yen doesn't give a fuck who you fuck unless you fuck Triss, then she gets mad jelly.
If you can forgive the poor game mechanics of combat and movement then yes
poor movement mechanicsum.. that is what is making me not want to buy it. poor combat i can live with, but movement, fuck that noise. how bad is it?
Yennefer and Geralt fuck around all the time, dude.
minor annoyances. you move your character then cease moving and he'll still skid forward a tiny bit, happens more often if you make sharp turns.
Reminds me of the first game which I've been playing recently
she's bound to you but a dijnn so what's it even matter, if she doesn't like it she should of been a less sassy bitch
Who else here /sad/?woken up at 5 by dickhead neighbordrinking and playing gtagoing to nap later
210 word essay due in a monthfuck. kill me
take a huge shitget up to inspect itit's gone
ghost poop memeI refuse to believe this actually happens.
, 
I'm a web developer without graphic skills, i would love to find a robot like me skilled with graphics and work together
your contact info and nudes please
is this to your liking?
1d9d5z+1erp9n62ps6hg@sharklasers.comnot going to post it hereb-but i'm self-employed
here, this is my drawing of a penisnotice the shadingis the quality of my work high enough?
b-but i'm self-employed
mfw your parents die
It makes sense because every problem in my life has to do with hasidic jews and gout.
am 32live in parents basement200kg weeaboospends all his time browsing rare pepes, no time for gf.kissless virginborn to late to explore the earthborn to early to explore the galaxyborn just in time to browse dank memes
200kgO.O
i hate people who take the pepe thing seriouslyget a life idiot
Must be Murrican
Murricans don't use the metric system.
Fug, I forget about that.Maybe he wanted to appear not like an Murrican and intentionally used the metric system...
They're not that smartmfw murrica is broken
Who else /tired/ here?2015still ever being awake for more than 12 hours at a timenot sleeping 16~ hours per dayhaving any kind of sleep schedule
It's 6:21 AM.I'm going to make breakfast and go to bed.
Hardcore!
shut the fuck up OP
not sleeping 16~ hours per dayYou're obviously a teen.Any fag older than 25 knows that its pretty much impossible to slerp more than 8 hours, and this gets lower and lower as you get old.You just can't sleep anymore.I used to sleep between 10 and 14 hours when i was a teen, now 10 years later, i can't pull that off
23
1I'm 31 and I can easily sleep for more than 12 hours a day. 14 on weekends. I still feel super tired all the time. Doctors say there's nothing wrong with me physically.
No matter how much sleep I get, I stay tired as fuck, always.
one day I'm in a particuarly shitty moodco-worker asks what I'm doing this weekend/what I usually do on weekendsBecause I'm in a shitty mood I tell him the truth instead of lying to seem more interesting like I usually do"Nothing. I sleep. I'm very, very tired.""You're only 20! You're too young to be tired!""I know. Believe me, I know."I'm so young and I have just absolutely no energy to do anything and I hate everything I do. I'm going to grow old, regret my entire youth, and probably kill myself.
being able to workyou don't know real fatigue
Stay up until 1:30PM hoping a certain someone will message meGo to bed, too tiredWake up at 5:00~AM like always
F U C KUCK
feel tired all the timehave to drink coffee just to be able to functionhave to drink coffee at 7pm or I'll be laying around feeling like shit not sleeping until my normal timeweed doesn't even make me sleepy any moreI might become an alcoholic.
I have thought about taking up the alcoholic lifestyle as well.
I sit at my desk on my phone for about 7/8 hours. I'm an intern and the projects I was given are very simple so they don't really say anything. I do basically no real work.
I can barely go to school for 90 minutes a day, i'm jealous of you
Work service industry at 6:00 A.M.Class 4 days a week in the afternoonsMost of my week is spent working in some way from 6:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M.Can't stop working or I can't make rentCan't stop going to class or I'll be stuck working food service for the rest of my lifeI'm literally so fucking apathetic that all I can do between waking and working is dick around on the internet. Even just buckling down and playing vidya is too much.
W A G E C U C K It will only get worse once you are done college. You will be cucked so hard you'd think jamal was waiting for you at the office door. At least in those cheap college jobs you have the option to say "Fuck this its only temporary". But in those first few career jobs you will be making shit money for maximum hard cucking work.
Most of people just says don't let her waste your time. but I just can't over her. I really like her. she is 17 and has never had a boyfriend before.is this legit?
Also, is this legit?No.
/adv/
john?
She's qt.
Who is this penie genie
seems like zoey dechenalalallaa whatever
If a chick doesn't like you the first minute she meets you, she never will.A man's interest in someone builds over time. A woman's declines. Women love mysterious guys, and the more she's around them, the more she unfortunately learns about him.
Why isn't she interested in you?
zoey dechenalalallaanope
who is this semen demon?
If a chick doesn't like you the first minute she meets you, she never will.A man's interest in someone builds over time. A woman's declines. Women love mysterious guys, and the more she's around them, the more she unfortunately learns about him.err...ok, thanksprobably becasue I am a beta try to act like an alpha.
probably becasue I am a beta try to act like an alpha.Then just give up.
I'm assuming you have actually asked her out and been shot down, right?
post crush. she'll never know and im curious
There's a girl that fancies me but I'm not interested - what can she do to change that? Realistically, nothing at all.From her point of view, it's not that she is unsure about you; rather she doesn't consider you at all. Attaching yourself to an unresponsive person is ultimately childish.
CMON FAGIT
not yet, still hanging out with friends, but I think she started avoiding me. no pic, becasue she is only 17 yr, she is a half asian and half white.
Ask her out then
how old are you?
26
...wow. a little creepy unless youve known her for a while and youre already good friends
Jesus
also the text message from yesterday, she just keep give me thumbs up emote.

Nobody on the Internet is anybody you know.
she has done the equivalent of buying a billboard that says I DO NOT LIKE YOU
ok, I won't text her anymore. after all I am still a robot.
, 
Post what you're listening to.
Don't have a link, but Slowdive - Souvlaki.It's amazing, but nothing about it screams that out. Rather, it's just really mellow and peaceful, and always hits the best spot for listening at almost four in the morning.
what should a robot be listening to when someone they love has died?tfw you just missed your last chance at seeing the two people you love before they die

I've been going back to my high school days lately.
David Bowie - Low
Arabskaya Tryep?Arab trap?

not even kidding 
Any edgy, feely, cinematic stuffA Perfect CircleFever RayNine Inch Nailsetc.

I susually hate niggerized dub-trap-core whatever but this is catchy.Take this!


who /rachmaninoff/ here?
class="quote"TFW unhappy with myselfatleast this beat is dope as fuck


no FTWDAno 8kek, good taste anywayI'm digging prog atm. Strayans are super good at it, this song is just fucking mint, especially from 6:17 and to the end, just wow mates


FTWDA is great but I don't dig the 8 much, I don't like that album.


Been obsessed with this song lately
tfw unironically listening to normie music

Cuck session tonightTold gf to prep the bull by licking his assBull is a 9in black stallion we met He is also 12 inches taller than my gfTold her she is nothing but a weak beta cuck and I will be going balls deep with him as he pounds my white boi pussyShe has to lay there in cuck humiliation as our bull takes his prizeI love cucking
CUUUUUUCK
She is the cuck. not me.
Are we §|mu|§ now?
unpaid internships
need work to get experienceneed experience to get work
tfw i cant even get an unpaid internship
Ignore femalesacquire currencyThis is the beta uprising.
Where do you live? Where do you want to live?
Australia.Cyrodiil.
Melbourne, Australia somewhere where it snows every year, Canada maybe?
EarthSomewhere better
USAVR simulations
FranceSomewhere in Asia
ColombiaNot Colombia
who gives a fuck
HoustonHouston
canadaa western country that has not been taken over by chinks/spics/dune coons. so in dreamland.
3D2D
SoCaldon't care, I'm going to be a shut-in loser regardless of where I live
Maine, USA.Somewhere in Europe.
Perth, Australia.Arendelle.
Its better to be a shut in where it rains alot. This is the main reason I want to get out of southern California
2D sounds awful5D is where it's at
WinnipegWhiterun so I can meet my Dunmer wife in person
2d has hot anime pussy dude
Costa ricaA nice house in my favorite beach Manuel Antonio
Ass end of nowhere, TexasSomewhere north with a lot of rain or back to my home city of DC.
SoCalOregon
Missouri don't care, might as well stay here. my parents have 11 acres away from everybody and i like it.
JapanJapan
SD CaliforniaSD California
florida how the fuck do people even live in this shitholeback to NY
CaliforniaSeattle
KebablandAnywhere not here
SocalTokyo probably
Now:Western part of Hungary, close to Slovenia, Croatia and Austria.Hopefully in the next few years I can move to:Austria mainly to the western parts like Tirol, or Germany mainly to the southern parts like BayernDon't worry german and austrian bros, I'm educated and can speak german.
South GermanyNorthern Finland
faggot
HoustonSwitzerlandayy Let me guess, you frequent a certain establishment in a certain part of town, and you work at a certain caffeine-a-torium
Hong KongScandinavia
SeoulSeoul
NorwayDortmund, Germany
AmericaHanover, Germany
realitythe void
Darwin, AustraliaSomewhere cold.
NorwayArizona, US
Australia.Australia but with good internet and low US server latency.
streuuuth m8The top ends nasty hot
CanadaRomania
Low US server latency that's pretty much impossible m8. Even with Fiber its still physically takes time for the packets to go through routers and switches Even ones that are wire speed if literally every copper line in the world was replaced with fiber then there would be a small decrease in time.
Leeds, UKSomewhere quiet without chavs and without this feckin government in power
I know, its a daydream.Id probably have to settle for Austria and play on EU servers.
I mean Switzerland. Whichever one has less kebab.
HellThe fantasy world I've created in my head
HungaryAnywhere elseYou don't really know the term "wageslave" untill you worked in eastern europe.
wanting to move from the best region on earth to shithole east EUYou just don't know how good it's going for you don't you?
IrelandIdk, Ireland is okay, but I'd like to go back to Australia again to see my extended family living over there
Chicago.A nicer part of Chicago. A big, expensive condo overlooking the river downtown.
San FranciscoHawaii
nyclyon, FR
AmsterdamMaybe Berlin
Dude, how about we switch?I want to live in a Canda, though I currently live in Poland. I know it's shit, but it's somewhat close to the west, and there are no kebabs in sight and the polish ancestors did a pretty good job in the kebab removal departmentDeal?
UKBoro BoroShit
Melbourne, AustraliaMalmo, Sweden :^
DeutschlandGlorious Nippon of course
norwaysomewhere weed is legal
Hongcouver, CanadaSomewhere where at least 99% of the citizens are white and it isn't a post commie shithole.
Czech RepublicDeserted island in the pacific
Hey bots.Would you rather be with someone who is realistically equal with you in terms of personality, lifestyle and attractiveness, or someone who lives up to what you consider 10/10 but who, realistically, you probably wouldn't have much of a shot with in real life, at least in the long term, since ideals don't always translate into reality?
Why wouldn't we want the better one?
Which one's the better one? Both ones have advantages. The former would probably connect with you easier, but not necessarily be perfect physically, unless you just happen to be physically equal to what you consider a 10/10. The latter is hot, and it would mean living out a fantasy, but she might get bored of you/you'd have nothing in common/etc.
I love you /r9k/You're always there for me to feel, to tell me when I'm being a faggot, to set things straightI honestly love this placeand that scares me at times but I will never leave you 
and once again my love goes unreturnedyou know me so well /r9k/
tfw you are an adult but some of your problems send you right back to your childhoodfind PDF to some tabletop game onlinequite involved despite simple rulesetgood average between asset power and asset use, strategy-wisebuild lego robbits and then fight in lego cover piecesdamage is shown by breaking parts off of the robbits or the cover that's hitp coolbuild some robbits and wallsplay with roomie because his ankle is bustedroomie gets better and is back to his exhaustive other hobbiesfind some other people to play with"Anon, this game is cool. I'll get some robbits of my own, too!"tfw they don'ttfw fuckers only play with my robbitsask about when they are gonna get the robbits like they saidSoon™Soon never comestfw fuckers don't even learn how to put them back together after breaking themmore and more begrudingly loan out my robbitseventually stop hanging out"Anon, what's up with you, you never show up anymore?""You never got your own robbits like you said.""No, really, I'll get 'em soon!"stay awaytfw robbits are now stashed away in baggies and wait for the day someone is worthy of their reactivationWho grown-up kindergarden-like issues here?
That's a pretty neat robot, you make it yourself?
Eh, no, not my robbit. My robbits are built to the same size, so that's representative, but much more sturdy. The connections in that robbit don't really allow for play - it'd fall apart. Especially the feet and the liftarm are concerns.Pic related is one of mine.
Care to share said pdf anon? Sounds funill play with you ;_;
Sure. a bit convoluted. Helps to go through it step by step as you play. Eventually, you get the hang of it. There has been threads on /tg/ last year about it, too.
Thanks anon, looks really cool. Never gotten into a wargame before but this scratched just the right itch. Will spread amongst social group and report back.
I-if you have questions, I hover /r9k/ under the week. tfw no one plays this in Europe but Ameribros actually have small conventions and tourneys
Cool. I normally lurk in mtg threads on /tg/ and have never seen anything about this before. One friend of mine has already replied, says he loves it.
Had about 30 threads, taught some anons about the game, started developing some addons for the base game, then no one could agree with another and the rules anons left, while the building anons made too little progress to keep the threads alive.
What am I supposed to do when I get home from work?
poop
what do you want to do?
Get laughed at by frogposting NEETs.
Read visual novels and be blessed with eternal dubs
I would like to be engrossed in something like a book, tv show, video game, or movieInstead I ruminate and clamp my teeth together, and obliterate myself with drugs and drink.
I was going to say drink, but I think you've already got the right idea
Anyone else obsessed with vaginas when you were younger. But since having sex are really disappointed?
i've always thought they were kind of spooky looking, still do.
But since having sex are really disappointed?No, I have always been extremely fond of mine!
They smell like sweat and iron. I thought they would smell more sharp, like when you sniff panties.Turns out that smell is ass
Turns out that smell is assMaybe you put your nose in the wrong place?
I didn't have access to the internet or porn when I was younger.I knew what boobs looked like because of art, paintings, R rated movies, etc. They're pretty much everywhere.Vaginas not so much.I knew what a non roastie looked like because of health class plus seeing girls as a kid, but it had been a while.My first peeks came from upshorts at PE class in middle school. Sometimes I could see their panties, but very rarely their panties would be loose enough for me to potentially see were it not for the lighting.My first good look came at my neighbors pool when i was swimming. she was wearing loose boyshort bikini bottoms and when she was standing above me on the diving board talking to me i could see her hairless innie. It was pretty glorious.Later I was at another pool party and my friend was sitting on the deck talking to me with one leg lying on the concrete and one up. Her bottom was loose and I could see everything. She had trimmed because she had stubble. This was my first time seeing one 'open.' It was pink.I now have a lipslip/upshort fetish.wasn't disappointed with sex.
I used to be really fond of what I could only describe as a "girl smell" when I was younger. A lot of them smelled like it. Then I was making bread and realized it was yeast that was turning me on.
Is that why I like sniffing yeast?
a lot of girls have yeast infectionsSure, ok.
Bitch didn't clean up before the sexing. Mine did, and I dove right up into that pussy and didn't smell a thing. One night stand with a prostitute by the way.
Obsessed with vagoos since im 7.When i was 8 i ate out 2 teenage chicks.Even when i reached puberty i didnt give a fuck about tits.Now im turning Asexual.#GasAllRoasties
Vaginas not so much.The only movie I recall showing a vagina at all is Eyes Wide Shut. You see dicks all the time, but vaginas are always covered up.I also don't think I've seen any exposed assholes.
Now im turning Asexual.#GasAllRoastiesJust cause you've lost interest doesn't mean you have to ruin it for everyone else.
Eyes Wide Shuthaven't seen that and I didn't see it as a kid. I used to borrow the dvds my parents got on netflix and scan them for nudity. I had a pretty good collection of screenshots. Y tu mama tambien had some quick glimpses. Its getting more common though.
Also I had only seen walkabout on TV, but I loved it as a kid. When i watched it again years later I saw the uncut version. Jesus christ I was missing out. Also they always had bush or were innie frontal shots. I would still be curious about seeing one 'open.'thinking about that girl's spread pussy on that pool deck takes me back, man. the fact that i was in the pool and her on the deck means my face was pretty close. I actually ran into her years later and she was a lesbian then later a tranny. The fact that shes so openly queer makes me want to tell her about it since i think she wont be offended by it. Maybe if i ever see her again.Also I can instantly spot when a girl is wearing loose shorts, its turned me into a pervert. I'll try and move so I can see up it. I have the internet and waifu as a release now but theres just something nostalgic about seeing one the same way I saw my first,.
dead meat belongs in a grave you vulture.
next door neighbor tries to start a conversation with me as I get in my carhis wife gets in a car accident the next day paralyzing her from the neck downKarma is a bitch, normalfag
tfw no physically abusive bf
*gf
im pretty sure i want a bf anon
Where do you live? And you better have a dick.
north carolina i have a dick i just wish i didnt 
tfw no sissy to verbally abuse
Dear Robots. When us Normies tell you this, what we are really saying is, "We can smell the desperation 30' away. You are trying so hard it hurts people in the next room. Self-loathing is never sexy. Get a fucking grip, change your attitude, and try again."
Who else here is nearing their 30's and has had an uneventful life?I think if someone were to write a biography about my life, it would be a single page, at best, for my 20's.
tfw poor
tfw will never get a new computer before suicidetfw eating peanut butter sandwiches over the weekend

tfw will never have as many job opportunities because my family isnt richfucking rich cunts
old shitbox pc cant play anything made passed 2004
tfw having a netbook as a main computerkill me

I like being poor
t. not poor
only normies are rich
I'm poor. It made me rethink my life and priorities.
You're rich in mind, then. True poor people are financially, mentally, and morally bankrupt.
had to wageslave for over 2 years just to save enough money to buy enough fertilizer and electronics
How do I get a gf like this?
What video gameswill you be playing today?Risk of Rain for me.
Builders are here replacing the roofTheir scaffolding is right outside my windowmfw I'm sitting here with the curtains open watching anime as they're doing manual labourmfw the aroma of my Hot Pockets wafts out the window making them jealousmfw I refuse to answer the door to let them use the bathroom even though they know I'm home because they can see me
wow rude
As a painter, we would never ask to go the bathroom in someone's house, instead we drive to a nearby gas station or just puss outside
Tfw the good old times of 4chan will never come back ;_;Because 4chan never changed. You did.
4chan changed alot m7
I didn't change. Been here since 2007 and I'm still a lonely NEET.
1/06/15WHEN WILL THIS RIDE ENDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
January, 1 2015It's June 1st anon
going back in time Dude its june.
they put the month after the day everywhere else in the world ameribro please dont make that mistake again
1/06january 1
half of 2015 already gonei just can't comprehend how fast my life is fading
Is sex overrated?
As a KV i can assure it is
red hair and frecklesnormalGingers are literal mutantsThere's a reason well over 20% of them are retarded
Is sex overrated?No
Yeah. But it's still fucking great.
no it's not, but I agree it's very easy for a weak-minded person to convince himself it is
Cyborg with a gf here. It's overrated as fuck and I'm growing to like it less and less, I think it's just disgusting unless you do it with a girl you're crazy about. I've been using lots of excuses to avoid sleeping with my gf for fucking months now. No, I'm not gay, I'm just repulsed by her pussy after I found fucking girl smegma in there once.Pic very related, guy knew what's up.
Sex can vary widely. On average it's just the mechanical harvest of orgasms no different from masturbating.
Sex is great if your relationship is still fresh. After about 7 years though the lust will vanish and what is left is that which is far more important and in this pseudohedonist world far underrated: love.
Sorry to break it to anybody, but it is. Its great and better than masturbation, but overrared.
Every trait developed by every living thing that ever lived was a mutation.
Depends on how you rated it I guess.
overraredlol
Depends on who you're fucking.It's great but it's not something to lose sleep over.
People build it up to be this end all, be all of life but it's really not. Trust me, it's great, but it's not this absolutely incredible thing that everyone has to do because oh wow, it's pure ecstasy! You can get similar feelings from other things. Drugs, mostly.
its better when it is in a relationship, otherwise its pretty meaningless.
It's hard work, really.tfw high libido girlfriend
My nightmare
Sex is, making love on the other hand...
yep
Top kuk*Overrated
Yes, it is overrated. If the girl is a person that you would genuinely enjoy interacting with even if there was no sexual attraction and you weren't having sex, then yes, enhancing that bond with sex is amazing. On the other hand, when you have a fuckbuddy who regularly overstays her welcome and stays 24 afternoon to next afternoon instead of afternoon to morning, constantly seeks validation and every now and then brings up how happy she is that this no feelings thing works so well but clearly is starting to feel things...well, let's just say vagina and girl sometimes is a sidegrade to your hand loneliness rather than an upgrade.
It feels really great if it's with someone you love that you are also sexually compatible with.If it's not then I'd rather masturbate but some people like the human connection.
everything is overrated
It probably is. It doesn't "change your life". It isn't something to obsess about to the extent that our culture does. But it is fantastic, and better than masturbating, given that you have the right partner.
same here tbhhad several one night stands years ago and the sex was always mediocre, now I'd rather fap
As a wizard I can say: eh... I don't know! But it seems to be fun, if you're not too inhibited
How tall are you /r9k/?6'5" here, women love me.
how do i get a nazi youth haircutpls help robots
go to barberI'd like a nazi youth haircutjee, that was easy.
trim sides and backcomb top to the sidecongrats, you look like every guy in SoCal
JUST
Go to your local hipster barbershop and ask for a "side fade" its in right now you normie hipster scum
Ask for an undercut haircut

I live in orange county and have seen ONE person out of hundreds - yes I go out in public, but only to stuff my face with burgers and tendies in the last week with this style of haircut
Just do it yourself you insufferable faggot. Get a shearing machine and do it yourself like a real soldier.
It's the same style of haircut that Brad Pitt had in Fury. Just do some research.
i see this on almost every guy at my college. they always wear shit like snapbacks and tan chinos too. its like they're all fucking sheep
do i just say "yes... i'd like an undercut"come on robots be more specific
do it yourself. if you can't and you have to go to a barber, bring a photo maybe cut out the swastika and tell him you don't want to look like a faggot but like a ww2 soldier.
Inb4 the barber is black or Jewish."Aw hell nooo!"
FUCK
HEIL
it doesnt get any easier op
In parts of the US you can literally hit the barber and tell him you want that "Hitler youth hipster haircut". Worked for me. Don't do that in Germany though, I tried once jokingly.
just came back from the barber"can i have a hitler youth haircut""GET THE FUCK OUT"thanks guys :^
AUTISM.jpgSo why exactly didn't you just take a few pictures with you? Pictures WITHOUT swastikas/nazi uniforms on them.
Grow the tap long as fuckAsk for a number 1 on the back and sides tapered up to the part on the right side of your headComb top over to the leftYou can put heaps of product in it and have it neat or go Wehrmacht style and let it become all scruffy and thick then just push it over to one side.
tapwhats that
Not knowing what an under cut isThe haircut OP is thinking of is not an under cut, undercuts are what 30s gangsters had and they look shit. A tapered fade with long hair on top is what OP wants. Belive me I made the mistake of asking for a a haircut that turned out to be an undercut and it was not what I was describing. My barber warned me, lesson learnt. Let the barber do is job. And OP go to a real male barber, not a hair dressing salon, theyll fuck it up.
Top.
ask your mum to do it
Unless you have 10/10 facial aesthetics it'll look like shit.
And OP go to a real male barber, not a hair dressing salon, theyll fuck it up.what if there are no barbers near you
Being this much of a normieI bet you think lumberjack shirts are cool, as well.
Go to a black barber because the guy is fucking GOATJokingly ask for a hitler youthhe laughs his ass off for minutesspend the entire time discussing WWIIhe makes a nazi joke every fucking time i go thereYou haven't lived until you hear "What up mein führer" from a 50 year old black dude
explain
At what point did the line between robots pretending to be loners and robots who genuinely are loners start to blur?
sentenced to life in prison for his role as the mastermind of Silk Road, once the largest online black market for illegal drugs on the Internet. At least your not Ross Ulbricht.
sentenced to life in prisonto lifelifeI would kill for one of those ;_;
He was sentenced to life because he paid to have other people killed.
do you meancucked by black dicks for life in prison
he's going to a cushy white collar prison
this. loling at how many reports leave that out.
HE DINDU NUFFIN
allegedly Those charges were all dropped. He was sentenced to life to send a message. The minimum sentence was supposed to be 20 years.
going to prison for life over a long string of 0's and 1's
Do they even allow club fed for drug trafficers? I thought it was just for preppy white collar crooks with accounting or inside trading raps.
details on this type of prison? Only prisons I've seen in Clapistan are ones filled with negroes
details on this type of prison? Only prisons I've seen in Clapistan are ones filled with negroes
Why the fuck did this post twice?
be filthy rich but basically a criminalyour massive wealth gives you unlimited options for staying freegets caughtthis shits me, youd think someone so smart would make make sure to not get busted, especially when you can literally go anywhere in the world and be literally anyone you want to be
According to the BBC, the problem was he used an account to advertise it, then on another forum used an account with the same name talking about bitcoin and literally just posted his email address, which was just his name. He wasn't smart he was a fucking idiot.
Minimum security.Minimum security.
It wouldn't have made a difference. They'd have traced everything to him anyway, just a few months later.
send a messageHe was a drug dealer, he got a drug dealer's sentence in court.
makes a website that satisfies the demands of a certain populationdrug dealernah
He did indirectly get a cut of the profits did he not? They must have tied him to the charge somehow. What surprises me is why the hell they didn't chase after the actual people who shipped the drugs though. They've got the ability to scan any package they want. What the hell.
People who ship drugs use PGP encryption, pretty much impossible to break if you dont have a bajillion dollar server-cluster
Just look at this smug motherfucker.
Feds really dropped the ball though. They could have at least tried to get him to flip on all the providers and customers by making SR unsecured so they can be tracked.
The drugs have to be taken by a physical entity to a brick and mortar place where they are dropped off and the shipper probably filmed and photographed. And to buy postage the shipper will also probably end up leaving a trail to himself. I doubt it's that easy to do if someone is really trying to trace them. Unless they're using stolen credentials or other tricks.Anyway my point was that it's amazing they wilfully ignored the actual senders and receivers of the contraband but went after the webmaster lel.
It's possible that the providers lived in countries where they paid off the local authorities or lived in places where enforecement was nonexistant .The whole idea was to go after this guy and make an example out of him because all the other rifraff were nothing unique but what the webmaster did was one of a kind and very large scale.
you REALLY think the government would just do that, go to court and tell lies...
He was still effectively a dealer. He created the conduit, the connection between users and a supplier. He's a drug dealer/merchant as much as any other.What is there to say? He took the risk and got fucked. Like smarter drug dealers he should have gotten the fuck out while the going was still good and moved to some third world shithole where he couldn't have been found.
Anyway my point was that it's amazing they wilfully ignored the actual senders and receivers of the contraband but went after the webmaster lel.Under US law it was easier to persecute the webmaster first. By successfully suing him for dealing drugs and not paying taxes it's now much easier to successfully sue all the individual dealers that used his service. Point is, the BATF/DEA/IRS aren't stupid and knew who to start with before they began picking off the lower people.
which doesn't help when all those buyers and sellers just went back to their old outlets. Being able to stop dozens or hundreds of them is infinitely better than stopping one guy who isn't doing shit.
Being able to stop dozens or hundreds of them is infinitely better than stopping one guy who isn't doing shit.You don't get it, do you. Since the Silk Road was confirmed during the court case to be used to facilitate illegal activity namely drug sales individual A/G's now have more than enough ammo to arrest all of those small people, even if they only used SR once or twice. Those people aren't any less fucked.
One mod had already been flipped and her account was under the control of the Feds for quite awhile before the bust. They knew who he was.If you haven't seen it, this parts 1 & 2 both is long as fuck but totally engrossing.
Thanks, will read that when I'm less tired.
Yeah but they have limited resources so they go after the biggest fish they can identify. This guy you say was doing nothing was facillitating an entire ebay like site which by itself would be drawing a huge amount of people to it via referrals. If one user tells another about silkroad and describes it in detail and it turns out it's better than the last couple of seedier, fly by night sites they had experience with then it's not "better" than arresting some other riffraffs who only a few people deal with. This way they disrupt a big player and send shivers down a lot of people's spines. And like  said it's not over by any means. They have a ton of the small fish to chase after now too.
minimum security for life without parole x2he's getting the same treatment as any other drug kingpin
those charges were dropped, retards.
Why do you even deserve to have a girlfriend?
I don'twhich is why I'll never pursue women or people in general
I dont
Asuka a slut.
morality is subjective tbh
any girl that gets attention equals a slutbeta logic right there
y 2 u deswearve too boast on 4chinchinz?
I don't think a girlfriend is something people really "deserve".
Give me a white BF/fiancepalemaster degreedecent lookingwhere's my Shrek?!!
I don't. I'm trash.
why do you deserve a boyfriend?
i dont, i just want someone to leech off of
Ebin shitpost.
that's what this entire thread is for isn't it
Why do women deserve to live?
femanon here.am pretty much KV all things considered21 yohave never been with a guyhave a degree in a STEM areabeen called a 9/10 by MANY people on /soc/am white and green eyedpetite with a fit body, not skinnyfat cook well dress modestlywhat makes you think you deserve me, robots?
what makes you think you deserve me, slut?
you have a vagina, I am entitled to all vaginas
girlson /r9k/
because I want to eat your cooking
I deserve to have dubs.Check em
go have your ego stroked somewhere else
Fuck, I was tired enough to misquote.
That's just silly

Pic with timestamp turboslut
Sikh dubs m8
yall just got rused

I AM THE ONE WHO RUSES
Not really 
copy pasta
Because I want to treat you like a queen.I want to give you a hug and kiss everytime I see youI want to tell you how happy I am for going above what most other go for in your educationI want to tell you I love the way you dress and not showing your goods off to everyone that most likely don't deserve to see or isn't appropriate enough for themI want to go out and look through my telescope with you and tell what celestial body you're looking at.I want to listen to music while cuddling under the starsI want to go to a high class symphony with you and enjoy the musicI want to take you to a ball and danceI want to play video games and watch movies with youI want to pleasure you like no one ever couldI want to travel and go to places like Asia and Europe and eat the local cuisineI want to experience other cultures with youI want to one day to live on a mountain somewhere where it snows because I love the beauty of itI want to cuddle near our fireplace where a grandfather clock rings every hourI want to feel loveI dont give a fuck what you guys say how euphoric or whatever the fuck else this is. This is what I want and there is much more Sorry if you're not the type for all this stuff up above and we wont ever meet but thats just how it is
I missed these threads so, so much.
I am a nice guy and an asian.
I'm a nice guy
been called a 9/10 by MANY people on /soc/so you're like 6/10 irl lmao
tfw legitimately can't see myself with a girlfrienddon't even feel like an adult or feel mature at allcouldn't even hold down a conversation with a femaledoes anyone feel this? I feel as if my mentality and my life experience doesn't fit my age and I would be hard pressed trying to find one thing I can offer in a relationship
manchildren can be attractive
There. Straight from a 104-year-old.
not wanting to pound a airhead bimbo when you're young and tell about it when you're 100shiggydiggydoo
1 year agoDid Grandma Stacy died?
implying a lot of men would have a problem with thisI don't understand, you do realize a "zest for life" doesn't translate from old timer speak to today? she isn't saying slut it up.
So she is telling us to avoid party sluts who are the vast majority of women?
just got gfshes a beta fuck that wants me to do everything, but is also kind of weirdgirls dont want thisguys want this
quite right. She lived in a different world, words had different meaning
Is she cute?
Women say this shitTell a chubby girl I think her body size is hot because that's what I am intoShe still insists being skinnier is hot??????????????????????Women are fucking retarded. Complain about these standards society put on you, then when someone comes along who accepts you for how you are, you still insist on following "society's standards". I am fucking tired of it. Standards put on women by society only exist because dumb ass women listen to it.
She'd gladly stay chubby if you were worth staying chubby for.
She wants my cock and more so I don't see the problem.I am not bullshitting myself, those are her words, not mine.
I KNOW THIS FEEL SO MUCH
Probably for the same reason robots will never believe that a girl could prefer their dadbods over zyzz.
zyzzfucking dumb alpha.
hurr
Can you strawman any harder?
I use the word strawman because it makes me sound intelligent :^
Just look at how many women feel they are forced into wearing make-up and painting their nails while simultaneously saying they "do it for [themselves]"
Any woman who can drink a lot is probably a whore too. There's a strong positive correlation.
Also the post came from Redditimmediately disregarded
I don't know what strawman means so other people probably doesn't either!don't date someone with no personalitythat mean I must date a "real woman" with curves hurr durrnot strawmanning
so other people probably doesn't either!
Actually I just realized this isn't even what he's trying to say. What he said wasn't even fucking relevant to the OP. What the fuck?Is your problem I used doesn't instead of don't?
Times had changed, you old bastard :/
seattlewagamamaIs she Japanese?
two different women have opinions that contradictWHY ARE WOMEN SO RETARDED???come on anon.
Two different womenImplying this isn't every womanI realize you got trips but defending woman logic is simply not acceptable on this board
implying that was a legit 104 year old personshiggy you guysss
le bacon sandwich
Everyone's a little bit retarded when it comes to different facets of life. Anon is currently dealing with this.
le retarded because make fun of dumb woman logicYou'll find twoX on plebbit, friend. It's not "two different women", it's 99% of women with some statistical anomalies like a 104 year old who is probably doesn't give a fuck anymore.If I ever meet a woman who has a little bit of extra weight without simultaneously complaining about said weight that is, simply ACCEPTING her weight without doing some tumblr "fat acceptance" bullshit, I will personally make a thread on /r9k/ with an apology. I will continue to look for a middle ground between a woman who wants to be a stick figure and obese ham beasts who think being 500lbs is "sexy".I'll just assume you'll say something like "No woman will ever want you wif dat attitude mister!" so you don't have to bother with that.
the apparent goal in life is to pass on your geneticstfw yours arent worth passing ontfw the ultimate goal in life is unbelievable shallow and boring
implying there is a goal in lifeimplying genetics can be good or bad
implying genetics can be good or bad
about to be a 22 year old virginI just want to lose my virginity so that I can finally have sex. Yes, that seems like a contradiction but being a virgin is literally keeping me away from sex. I can see any interest die whenever I'm forced to admit it.
I know that feel OP friend from school who was kinda into me message her on facebook, within an hour she sends me nudes later that night we sext and masturbate She asks me a few days later if I'd be up for FWB "eh uhm virginity" "oh, then I need to think about it tbh"That fucking feel
help I'm 22 and need to lose my virginityFucking hire an escort you faggot. It really isn't that damn hard. girl sends me nudes within an hour on facebookShe was a complete whore and probably had at least one STD/STI
about to be a 30 year old virginOh wait
That's why you don't tell them you dumb fucks
Just lie about it I recently at 21.5 lost mine to some girl that picked me up at the club never once did I say I was a virgin she asked and I'm like yeah not in a while.
A catch-22, you might say.
I kinda want to be honest about it and somehow I actually hope that one will maybe even like the idea of being a guys first.
in a group of peopletalk turns sexualIt's almost impossible to avoid the question. I try though.I might move soon and I'll have the opportunity to start fresh. Lie and say I lost it some years ago?
in a group of peopletalk turns sexualWhat kind of groups of people are you hanging around with that the question of your virginity comes up that often
It doesn't come up that often.Sex comes into the discussion every now and then, especially when drinking. My friends don't bring up my virginity ever because they know it bothers me.
Who /boring/ here?Nothing to tell peopleConversations online and in person are short and die fast.Just talk about videogames and football.I don't know what to say anymoreSomeone? Pls ;_;
What a boring thread
BOOORINNNGGah no m8 you're alright.tell us about your day in as much detail as possible.
I am but I haven't spoken to anyone but to professors in years. I just ask questions about academia. Good thing I don't have friends and no one loves me.
The only site I visit is 4chanAnytime I want to play music in my sister's car, she makes me change it because it's boring and puts her to sleepI leave my TV on CNN all day every dayNo games on my phone except minesweeperCan't play video games for more than a few minutes so basically no games
work with a bunch of normiesconversations always come to a painful halt once we've stopped discussing something that's work relatedrealize people avoid talking to me like the plague
I'll never really understand the whole small talk thing myself, it just seems awkward.The only interest I have an obsess over is video games. I can talk about them quite a bit. But anything else I'm usually just not interested, agree with whatever they say or say I have no opinion on the matter. Whenever someone tries to ask about my day, it's usually just 'it's fine', because I honestly have nothing else to say and it becomes awkward.I only ever really talk if I have something to talk about, in other situations I'll just respond when spoken to for poilteness sake.
Nice trips... Same as always.Playing vidyaSearching for jobsListening musicIf it was sarcasm, well... yeah. I fell for it.
just say what's on your mind, even it's the most useless shit, which is what most people are talking 95% of the time anyway
scared pepe is very cute
What's your favorite vidya and football team?
tfw stutterstfw a lot of "um" and "uh"stfw long pausestfw lost
Hmm I'm actually not boring. I just hang with people I have absolutely nothing in common and I have no interest in them other than hanging out with them because else I'd be friendless. But I have a lot of shit to say. I wish I wasn't so anxious with girls, I'm pretty sure they'd be interested in me if I wasn't so awkward sometimes.
Talk about things that are IMPOrTANT
oh my fucking christ that pepe is adorable
Crash Bandicoot, anyone.GTA, anyone.And the football soccer team, well I like some. But pic related is the first I liked. He is. Please, be my guest and save it.
I'd guess that 99.99999% of the population would find me to be an incredibly boring person, but I could talk for hours about the things I'm interested in. The thing is, being an unusual person and having obscure interests makes it really difficult to find people you can have meaningful conversations with.I'm lucky to have one online friend who I've managed to chat with for over a decade, and we still manage to find stuff to chat about on a daily basis. If it weren't for that one friend, I'd probably have gone insane from loneliness by now.I enjoy some 4chan threads and participating in some other forums of interest, but it's just not the same as having a one-on-one conversation with a friend.
Make that 99.99998%. What obscure stuff you like and usually talk about?
There's this one guy at my work who talks to just about everyone but me, I always overhear his conversations and he just goes on and on about stupid normie shit and im glad that he doesn't talk to me much.
Vintage audio, vintage TVs, antique fans, various electrical items, flashlights, light fixtures, incandescent lamps, lighting technology in general, tools, antique toy trains, etc.Also computers, which isn't all that common as a general interest, but I'm fairly autistic about it. For example, my aforementioned friend and I have literally spent hundreds of hours chatting about how to tweak our browsers and internet browsing habits.
Me: The Thread.I've tried things to seem less boring. I started doing things I wouldn't otherwise do to try to get some interesting stories "yolo", basically. I've joined clubs and organizations. I've tried to develop a taste in music because that's all people ever want to talk about. Still, I'm boring as shit. I like it when I'm with computery people and we can just talk about computery shit.
The majority I could talk about is work, school, and wherever the person lives. That's it. I don't know what else to talk about. Whenever they stopped talking about it, I don't know what else to talk about. While I watch people talk about things I don't even know about I feel out of touch
You just need to find someone who clicks with you. Get out more, and find that someone. I know it's hard, and your past experiences discourage you, but it's possible, just remember that it's possible. I am in the same boat as you. However, I have a few close friends, and we talk about shit from the time we meet to the time we leave. Talkatalkatalkatalkatalka. Memes, sports, jokes, injokes, situational jokes, personal shit, always talking. We just click. You gotta find someone you click with. Don't lose faith anon. It will happen. OK?Once you find someone, or multiple people, then the rest of the people in the world start to matter less. It'll be because you'll have realized that you are perfectly fine as a human being.
tfw into computers & technology in generaltfw /g/ is 92% shitposting & garbagetfw the most interesting convo I've heard all year was in CS class 12 mins before the finaltfw no group of friends to circlejerk over tech with irl
I prefer the term "mysterious"
Enigmatic
Note, this doesn't mean you will magically gain social skills with everyone like in an 80's movie. You are most likely one of the more introverted personality types. That doesn't mean that the social relationships with the few that you form them with are any less meaningful. If anything, these friendships with people that you click with will be more intense than any acquaintance relationships that the normies have at work and such.
How dare you say posting Taiwanese cartoon pictures all day is shitposting and irrelevant to discussion
My roommates are normieslisten to their convos to learn their wayssay "literally" like 8 times/minuteDUDDEEEEE I WAS SO DRUNKKKKKKKKMATE GANJA ROFLomg did you hear blah blah did blah blahFuck, why are people so annoying?
Damn you're too unboring to me. The only thing I can talk about is everything. But I only know a pinch of salt about anything, which means when you're talking to me you'll cringe because I'll sound like a snob. In fact I am now. I am the most boring person round here. And it because of my snob behavior. Very pathetic.
I do have 4 friends. But I just hang out with 1 because I lost my social skills even with them. Also, everyone got a gf so they don't spend too much time, also they got work and I can't find one. That one friend I hang out with is just for playing videogames, and talk about sports, he understands my social anxiety and I appreciate that. I know I should get out more but I don't have anyone. Can't do it alone at first. Also, the stereotype here is a normie outgoing person, and i'm just an introverted guy with OCD and social anxiety, a total red flag for everyone.
I know normies often say "there must be SOMETHING you're interested in" but I really think there are some people who struggle to find even one thing.In your case, though, it sounds like you know a little about a lot of things, which is really impressive in itself and a good start towards finding some sort of strong interest or passion.Even though I have my list of specific interests, I'm also not particularly intelligent, skilled, or talented in any way. I have a very poor memory, so much so that it's difficult to learn/remember even things I'm interested in, let alone anything else. Despite having a handful of interests, I haven't been able to capitalize on them at all, and I'm basically just a worthless NEET.Also, you don't really sound like a snob to me.
The danger of knowing only tiniest bit of a topic makes me afraid of forming opinions. Will sound like a buffoon.Talking about vintage stuff.Do you categorize vintage stuff? Like their origins, manufacturing dates, any list of them in general? What are the oldest thing in your list? Do you intent to collect them? How?Sorry if sounds intimidating. Just curious.I'll be back later, must buy milks. And if you're interested though.
I'm interested in the origins and ages of almost everything. Sometimes it's difficult/impossible to find information about things which can be disappointing, but it's also a big part of the fun.I don't have a whole lot of space, and as a NEET I only have whatever pity money my family gives me to work with, so I try to be really careful about what I buy. I'm also generally not interested in collecting many things just for display purposes. My enjoyment comes from stuff I can actually use. To me there's just nothing better than having something that's many decades old and still works just as well for its intended purpose. I like to go hunting at flea markets, thrift stores, antique stores, etc. and they're pretty much the only reason I have to leave the house for other than grocery shopping. I really wish I could somehow turn it into a profitable venture, but I just don't know how. It seems to cost far more in gas money than I could ever make reselling the few good items I come across.It makes me genuinely sad when I see good old stuff sitting around in a store with too high of a price tag or just sitting in a hoard pile when it could still be in service. It also disgusts me how so much stuff these days is made to be thrown away when it could be made to last a decades/centuries. So many resources and so much labor is just wasted on cheap junk just for the sake of greed and keeping a throwaway debt-driven consumer economy going, plus the pollution, unfair labor outsourcing practices, etc.. Of course that topic can go a long ways into depressing territory, but I just try to do my part and buy as few throwaway items as possible. Although, having to burn gas to drive around finding stuff might hurt my cause.Right now the oldest item I own is my Westinghouse fan with a 1934 manufacture date. I'm admittedly guilty of having it sit around for a while, but I do have genuine plans to put it into service when I have a place to set it up.
realise im boring as fucklearn music theory and learn guitarnobody cares when i bring it upthey always shrug it off and talk about more snapchat normie bullshitsomebody kill me
this exact same feel.we can talk about tech togetherskype fortedahlia
Pretend that beneath every word said is a secret language, and that every word you say influences the secret conversation. If you talk like that, abrupt shifts on the surface are entirely forgiven because it's just an area of effect silence spell which prevents evesdropping. You're not just boring, people just realize that you have nothing to discuss on the lower level.quiet talk general
only normie hobby is watching soccereveryone around me is a bandwagoning pleb so I don't want to talk to them about it:_;
nothing to say everjust lie all the time to make myself seem more interestingIt works too.
just talk about videogames and footballJesus, that's me. Football as in soccer? As in real football?
itfb. Lived in England for a while so supported Norwich where I live. Seems everyone here supports Chelski, Liverpoo or Man Ure.And obviously Barca/Real.
thread about football and video games"I can't go wrong here."so boring I kill a thread about boring peopleYou ain't got nothing on me OP.
Just got back.If you have a room/house full of working vintage stuff that would be awesome mate, also that running antique toy trains around the room. Would like to visit.Where do you live and how do flea markets and thrift stores work there? How do you haggle, find and identify which are real stuff, avoid being deceived to buy phony stuff by the sellers, etc?Flea markets and thrift stores here are scary, man. It's a third world though, no surprises.
rarely speak to peoplealways come off as too nice or too meanvoice changeshate small talkconversation ends up with me apologising for not being interesting enoughhave only felt comfortable to be myself around 1 person beforehe got back with his ex-gf and she hates mehas been ignoring me for 3 months
Damn man, got any other peers who are into music?conversation ends up with me apologising for not being interesting enoughDid you do this repeatedly even when there is no problem at all until they started to get annoyed because you were apologising too much?If yes then iktfb
pretty much, it usually follows me being anxious and panicked to the point where i have to leave
I like vintage audio and electrics too although i'm not extremely educated yet. I like to fiddle around with tape decks, turntables, speakers, etc.
boring as fuckhave a few "friends" onlinemost of them have already stopped talking to me Should I just get rid of the rest and call it a day? I know the only reason they still talk to me is out of pity.
Perhaps they found or just distracted by something new that interests them. Could be a new friend or a new cool website, their personal project, their project with their friends.I'm good at leading raid groups in MMOs though.tfw always be the tag-along guy in groups, when they want to go someplace or do stuff, it's time for me to detach from themthen meet shut in friends, all they do is play games my laptop incapable of running it's only 1GB RAM 2007 old stuffso here i am enjoying slow laptop and slow connection accepting the reality that I have to wait for minutes to load a 1000KB jpeg porns.
Soccer. I call soccer football, but that's just my opinion. Everyone here is so hyped about UCL final and here I am, wishing Brentford could do well next season, good luck at Premier bro.
Are you not hyped about the CL final at all? I love me some lower league football but that Messi goal in the CdR final was just stupid
i'm boring so i cant have a gf. i cant bullshit my way through a year + worth of talking. i dont know how normie's do it.
Not at all. I hate both Barça and Rubentus The only big team I like is Inter, and is not so powerful anymore. Still I think Barça deserves it so much. I hope they win. I'm more into lower leagues. And yeah, that goal was really nice, one of the bests of this season, in my opinion.
There is a simple solution.Stop talking to people.
nobody listens to my good adviceOk
Your advice is stupid and so is your face.
I'm too ignorant about everything to hold a conversation. I'll ask questions, but I can never relate, or add to anything.
I don't understand it. Not sure if you're too inteligent or me just really stupid.
What if we're normal and they're the weirdos?
Go out, do things.Seemingly random things can lead to grand adventures,Never discard any opportunity.Unless that opportunity is heroin,Then it's a good idea to turn it down.
So do meth?Thanks anon, gonna go start my life journey
Y-yeah, absolutely
but even if you share common interests what is there to say about them? take any common normie interest like movies/tv series, music, even video games. if you share the same taste it's basically a circle jerk. I guess if you have different tastes you could share different opinions and maybe try something new but even that is kind of boring after a while and limited. the only thing i can imagine friends doing together is sports or other activities, exchanging opinions on different matters or even having polite arguments. i dont know how they can talk about common interests for hours. am i wrong to think that way? am i out of touch with reality? please tell me
Yeah. I have a few interests, but can't even talk about those. I wish I was like those here who complain about not having the right person to talk to - in my case, there is no one who I could have a decent conversation with.I think it has a lot to do with being stupid, having a bad memory, and of course having a lack of social skills.
Do you play football?Also visit /sp/ It's very lad-humour.
If you're boring than I don't know what I am. I don't even like sports. If you're really concerned about it, most people are not terribly interesting.
JUST DO IT
HobbiesHOBBIESHOBBBBBIESANIMES IS HOBBIESANIMES IS CUTEEEEEEEEEEEEEHOBBBBBBBBBBIES
who /always good banter/ here?
crush on qtmega autisttry to engage in bantz with herresponds with things like "i do not understand the semantics of what you said. please explain the meaning behind your words to me in greater detail."swooning gosh she's so cute
having a crush on tumblr
I do not understand the semantics behind your meme, anon. Please explain the meaning behind your shoehorning of it in greater detail.
lel i used to say shit like that then people would always call me a nerd for "using big words". fuck you basic clowns not knowing how to read a thesaurus
shit like thatread a thesaurusLiterally everyone who is over 12 years old knows every single one of this words
I can circlejerk with u too if you like
Who /boring/ here?RARE PEPEA A E ER R P PE E E EPEPEEPEPEE
k. Ultimately this is down to your interests. My friend who is into wrestling reads 411daily. My friend who is into guns browses /k/ and TFB. I read pando when I get bored. Ultimately it doesn't matter since 90% of the time you spend on the internet is wasted anyway.link a song she called boring. in my experience a lot of people dismiss my tastes due to their opinion of me. If your sister thinks you're a loser she's probably not going to give a shit about anything you like. And even for my friends they rarely care about what I listen to, which is ok because I don't really give a shit about their musical taste either.tv is shit everything good is on netflix and torrents, if you want recs go to /t/, stay FAR FAR AWAY from /tv/phone games are shit. I only play QuizUp history nerd.Why can't you play video games?
I had a roommate like you. They don't like you either m8, hope there's never any disputes in your residence.
I'm actually amazing at banter.When I'm dating, my banter is god-level.But when I'm single and depressed, I see no use in the bantz.
lol, where do you live that everyone wants to talk about music. I have 110 gigs of fairly high quality, but pirates can't be choosy music and nobody talks about music anymore.
Nah, they like me.I go out and rave with them sometimes, but only when I'm on molly or xanax.We play FIFA, get high, and chill.But when they have friends over and such, they're just so fucking dumb.You also sound like a normie faggot, so plz leave.
cant keep conversation with peopleco workers will say some dumb shit that I have no response to so I just say "really" or "huh" or give a fake chuckle to.conversation diesget a complaint from my manager that coworkers think that I hate themI just want people to leave me alone.
sorry man, just projecting. Unless I sprung your trap there, you understand how just blanket-calling someone normies and shitting on them for drinking and doing drugs without mentioning your own drug use makes you sound like a fucking prude.tl;dr shit about my roommate below, if he wasn't so committed to normalcy he'd be right at home hereI had a roommate who ran the gamut of cringe shit, from trying to angrily confront everyone who didn't meet his exacting cleanliness standards to crying to someone on skype at like 2 AM to having some girl chaperone him home after he had some sort of meltdown at a party. I moved out of that place and got a guy to replace me, and literally a week after I move he spam messages me on facebook complaining about the new guy and expecting me to do something. None of the other roommates give a shit.
find that someoneHow? And what do you mean by get out more?
you will never find that someone. if i met any of my current friends later than high school we would fucking hate each other. friendship is lying until you dont hate each other, and looking past the parts that you dont like
Sorry for blowing up on ya.But nah, I'm not some hermit autist with emotional problems or think I'm more enlightened than my roommates or some shit.I just suck at socializing. It's not really social anxiety, but idk.My friendships never last more than 6 months, so I just see no point in connecting with people, and now I don't know how to.Even worse when it comes to girls.But I have drugs for when I'm desperate.Makes me inst-Chad and can get pussy and numbers.But normal me just likes vidya, animu, shitposting, and cuddling.
Britbong at Uni? Also what's it like partying on just benzos, no molly?
hate talking about myself, or anything I'm intoself esteem is so low I assume no one cares and think that if I'M into it, it's shitcan only talking about vidya-related things or funny youtube shit
Man, I know that fucking feel so hard. I get so nervous about chilling with friends that I immediately reach for my mood stabilizers of choice aniracetam, picamilon, adrafinil -- all really mild legal shit but goddamn it turns me from an awkward autist into a relatively normal-ass person and I think it's really changed my friends' opinion of me. I'm virgin as fuck because I'm fat and don't really want to fix my diet or do anything but play vidya. and recently, vidya's gotten kind of boring. I pirated GTA V and bought Killing Floor 2 and don't really want to play either, just kind of bored of shit atm.All I'm really looking forward to in my future is a psychiatrist appt on the 13th.
want to post or replynever have anything to sayThis is one of the few exceptions.
Nah, Canadafag.Molly for raves.Xanax for parties; makes me social, but not off the balls like molly.Acid when we do group trips.Weed for like everything.I avoid alcohol just cus it tastes like shit.
I usually post and reply but since I only browse 4chan late at night like now I never get replies.You got a prescription for the Xanax? I'm hoping to get some sort of anxiolytic prescription sometime soon. Social anxiety sucks man.
tfw hate alcoholonly thing i can drink is coconut rum with milk
I was like you a while back.I'm gonna sound like an asshole, but seriously, try exercising.It works off nerves, and you'll start finding interest in new things.Plus bitches will want dat dick.I used to live between psych appts and prescription refills, but now I actually enjoy my vidya, see a girl off of /soc/ pretty often, and I don't think about suicide 24/7 anymore.
Nah, get it off a dnm.Or find some kid with a script and buy off him.Benzos are schedule 4, so hardly any risk if you get caught anyways.
I tried doing midnight runs, and I felt pretty nice afterward.Guess I'll start again. Hopefully it'll also eliminate this restless leg shit I do constantly at the computer.
Try Long Island ice teas.They taste like Pepsi and lemon juice,but can give you a nice buzz.
fair. I'm in Canada but I bet the law's more or less the same. thanks bud
stay safe kids. dont get girl drink drunk 
i am sorry, but i'¨m both interesting and funny ;^
what's your favorite thing to do?can never answer without lying
I usually drink white russians since I don't like anything really strong. No one gives me shit about it since it's "The Dude drink."
that's such a dumb question, though. How the hell are you supposed to answer it? My favourite thing to do is get fucked up with my boys and talk about stupid shit. Or play video games. Or read wikipedia. Or masturbate. Shit, it depends on my mood.
Even that little bit will help.Also, eat less, try more vegetables and fiber.
haha man, I wish I could fix my diet right now. I'm being a little bitch about not getting any meat in my diet, but if I really gave a shit I'd be eating whatever to meet my macros.
tfw enjoying vidya again after huge self improvement
You can still eat meat, just no lore burgers, tacos, wraps, etc.Buy lean beef, cut off any extra fat boil/grill.If you get munchies, try broccoli instead of chips.They're good when lightly steamed, tons of vitamins and fiber, and super cheap.I'm still on/off with the fitness/diet, so I'm no paragon haha. I do work hard all week, and then I'll treat myself with a sub or a burger on the weekend, then back to the grind.
no man, shit sorry to make you effortpost this shit. Literally the only meat I can eat is fast food like burgers. My parents are hardcore vegetarian, to the point where I can't cook any meat in the house. They're cool with frozen pizzas and stuff that comes precooked for some reason so that's more or less all I eat. Like today all I ate was a frozen pizza and 3/4 a bag of potato chipsI love broccoli, but frankly I lose all my motivation because I don't want to get in shit for cooking ground beef or whatever in front of my grandma and getting into shit for it. I could just eat black beans but I really don't want to
supported Norwich where I livemfw
most of them have already stopped talking to meDo you ever talk to them though?
Such language should only be used if it's more efficient, she could much more easily for everyone just say "I don't understand what you mean, what does x mean."
Yes, hereI have nothing to talk about other than negative thoughts and feels.I have no hobbies, I have no knowledge, little to no experience at anything but failure.It's like I have never existed.
tfw sometimes a passion of mine is brought up and I end up rantingrealise half way through that they don't care and have to stop myselfawkward silenceREEEEEEEEEEEE
sister see's my facebook messages to someone in my club about filling out forms"x is my full name"wow anon that's so autisticmfw
having a one letter full name is pretty autistic tbh
tbhREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I used to be more interesting in conversations. When I was younger I used to have ambition, convictions, and hobbies and it really showed when you talked to me. The older I got they slowly faded until I've become the broken man I am today. I am extremely unengaged in conversations these days. I work from home and have no coworkers within 600 miles of me so really the only people I converse with are bartenders and wait staff.Pic related, it's me currently taking a shit in a hotel bathroom. Notice how broken I look? That can't be faked. I have to fly 4-6 times a week for work and I think it has taken its toll on me. At 32 I am looking at least 42. This is not a picture of a man you'd probably want to talk to.
I hate this fucking iPhone 6. Thank god I get to trade it in this month. If I rotated it to the right is it going to rotate to the correct position? I need to make sure this beautiful fucking face is displaying correctly.Testing
Fuck it.

DAYONE
iktf OPI can even date girls but they leave me super fast cause I'm so boringI'm a huge science nerd and I'm sure an autist to some degree, but even befriending/dating similar people doesn't work. I maybe have 2 friends I can stand.

who here is /arrested developement/tfw you were actually charismatic enough to befriend others at 14, mid-tier sperg, could have made it if I had just kept hanging out with the alt. kids in high school.drop schoolbecome full robot, ditch friends to be alone7 years of no friendships means I only have the charisma of a 9th gradereveryone thinks I'm a childish virgin who is too socially conciousthey're rightfuck me
I've noticed that normies literally say the same thing the whole time. the subject changes 2 or 3 times, and then its literally a rehearsal of what they said at the start of the conversation.I'm always wondering how they never notice how they say the same thing all the time.
dont listen to same music as everyone elsedont watch same sports as everyone elsemost of the time i dont watch same movies as everyone else
I would much rather talk academia than talk shit with people.
never initiate conversation with anyone because I have nothing interesting to talk aboutpeople think that means I don't like themlose contact with everyone from schoolnever make any new friends because I don't leave my room RIP
Yeah, Ive got to go with this guy, I have no fucking clue what to do with that.
reddit would appreciate your company
basically Gearhead, except my ramblings are about history, current events or biology. Everyone around me thinks I'm a genius but I know I'm not.All my friendships and relationships are based on whether or not people find my insights interesting, and some people do. It may sound bizarre and contradictory, but I also have a good sense of humour, which definitely helps.And before anyone asks, yes I do have Asperger's but I'm not socially retarded beyond not really knowing when to shut the fuck up until it's too late.
