Robots if you were guaranteed one thing in your life what would it be?Mine would be that no girl would ever cheat on me.
A virgin female who will marry me and never leave me.
a fuck ton of money. everything I want in life can be bought or requires money as a prerequisite.
A painless death.
That if i tried to kill myself i wouldn't fuck it up and end up as a cripple/vegetable
repeating digits
OK anon I want a qt who is perfect for me and I for her
A generous stipend for life. Not too greedy, just $120k a year would be perfect, $10k a month tax free
perfect health. i will die via accident, murder, or cellular decay from old age.
Immortal Youth, I'm terrified of growing old.
i'm so sorry for your loss
An 8" dick
Happiness
lots of money, i don't mind being sad from time to time
Really? Cause I think I'd rather pick 'not dying.'
IQ 180
tfw can't whistle
Yeah better go kill yourself aye
"Just pucker your lips and blow anon! Its not that hard, watch me whistle in your face like you can somehow learn from that!"
What a faggot
tfw can't whistle because lips are too bigFuck this shit
tfw can't whistle or juggletfw just have to rely on your average 7" dick to get ahead in life
get the fuck out nigger
tfw can't snap fingers
iktf
gets you OP.
tfw can only snap my fingers on my right hand but not left
i can move my ears without using my hands
tfw can't armpit fart noise
tfw can't spitIt just kinda dribbles out. My mom can hit a fly 20 feet away and all I can do is try not to get any on my shirt.
moms who show you how to spitin what kind of shithole were you born anon?
It's not all bad. Maybe you'd be good at sucking cock!
She tried to show me but I still couldn't get it.My mom had 4 brothers so I think that's why she knew.
tfw can't gleek
My friend can geek on command. I remember in lunch in 6th grade he gleeked so much on the window and janitor came and thought water was getting in.
I can't whistle either , no biggie
tfw can turn my eyelids inside out by just rubbing my eyes with two fingers
can't roll my R'sI know it's not a murrican thing either. Guys who grew up in the same town speaking the same tongue as me can do it just fine. Which makes me think that somewhere in Latin America there's a poor bastard who can't roll his R's. Thank god my language doesn't need me to.
tfw your gf rolls her R's and purrs while she sucks you dick but it doesn't even feel
Who /Compton/ here?
CRAZY MOTHERFUCKER NAMED ICE CUBEFROM THE GANG CALLED NIGGAS WITH ATTITUDE

who /NWG/ here? Niggas Without Girlfriends
Reporting in

tfw I'm a white guy who grew up in ComptonShit was hard growing up
Who */Bompton/ here

tell us some ghetto tales, anon
what am i supposed to do when the topic is red or blue?
I've been working in south central a lot over the past two months. after seeing all the ghetto people bicycling around and drinking out of beverages in brown paper bags, enjoying the wonderful california sun and smog, I'm half tempted to rent rooms and be a fucking bum there. no one gives a shit. and there's ghetto black and latin girls with big booties walking everywhere. suddenly i realized who buys all Nicki Minaj music.
LBC NIGGA REPRESENT
is compton really that bad?
COMPTON COMPTON AIN'T NO CITY QUITE LIKE MINE
west coast
when i'm called off
Why are all west coast rappers fake as fuck?

back in the 80s/90s yes
, 
Attention hikineets: post a picture from your bedroom window. Let's see your view of the normie world outside.
eh, its just a fence because i have a basement apartmentplus its 2:33 am outside here in torontonistan
my view
Is this Brussels?
yee
Do you live in Scotland?
noice
About as far away from Scotland as you can get in the UK tbh.
Portsmouth?
Hastings.
Who else really likes the Wal-Mart deli? I went with my mom today, and got a huge turkey leg, some tendies, potato salad, potato wedges, lomein, fried rice, and BBQ boneless wings. They literally make no bad food there.
Their rotisserie chicken is bretty good. Their potato wedges are good too.
yeah, they're actually pretty decent. if I'm ever in need of a quick meal, I'll get the 5 dollar plate with fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and some mac and cheeseall that starchyeah but it tastes good
be me, typical beta particlesee 1/0 qt neutronshe's a bit strange, but there's some charm to hernot a very positive particleoverall though a quarky personalitytry to bond with hertoo much weak forcesuddenly, 4/2 alpha particle comes and and says "Lol brah, you're just a elementary particle. Go back to your leptons"qt neutron is attracted to alpha particle and immediately begins fusion with himbecome so embarassed I leave and never come backbeta decaymfw they've been a in a stable carbon 12 atom for years now
Here's your reply because at least you tried to do something good.
Ayy lmaoSee you on r/4chan
he is prejudiced against pedosexualsHow does it feel knowing in 20 years pedosexuality will be normal and accepted by Western society? Will you still be bitter and judgmental while I'm cumming inside my sexy ass 12 year old gf? LGBPT pride!
Even more lettersI CAN'T KEEP UP WITH THIS SHIT
there can never be enough letters... for love 3
there are people on this site that actually belive thisBaffling. Sweet troll thread though. Check these doubles

P before Tkek


Pedo & Dubs thread.
If anything the opposite is happening. Spain just raised their age of consent from 13 to 16.

How embarrassing.
Soon bestiality will be added to that list. People make me sick.

The list made by some anon to troll /pol/? Yeah I hate the userbase of 4chan too.Sweet dubs though
You will not make progress by being annoying and shit posting. This is part of the reason why the mods keep deleting threads were people discus pedophilia. Because of shitposters and trolls on both sides.
whew

check'd


he doesn't understand how society worksSociety exists as a reflection of its populace, and the populace rebels against the past. Every few generations, a dialectical shift must occur when dissent and dissatisfaction with the governing ideology reaches a relative peak.And, naturally, the same happens to the popular model of government; it gets replaced with whatever model promises to solve the extreme dissatisfaction of the populace.


..lolI know you're serious too
Those are pretty cool dubsbut CHECK THESE

the ride never ends


While you are at that we can add the animal fuckers as well, same kind as pedos.
dubs for lolis :3
Thought: Got carried away in a dubs/anime thread, forgot I was bumping a pedo thread. Gotta go end my life now before the van arrives.
the populace rebels against the pastThis is where you're wrong, "the populace" rebels against what they don't like, nobody will ever rebel for pedophilia because nobody likes itbut i doTough shit, your opinion and those of the few disgusting pedos like you has zero value, society as a whole has always repelled pedophilia and it always willlel it was ok back when [...]No, back then there wasn't a "society" to begin with so get fuckedDon't bother responding to this post, your "facts" opinions are all invalidWith this im outta this thread, burn in hellfire pathetic pedos
Pedosexual just means that you feel attracted towards pedos aka a homo.Change it to kiddysexual.
Whats up with all the doubles itt?


Don't know but check these
denying historygg, extreme shifts in societies have occurred in a matter of hours, to a matter of years.See: the October Revolution vs. the French Revolution.Democracy is temporary, and will be seen as backward as monarchy in the near future. nobody will ever rebel for pedophilia because nobody likes itWhy are you assuming I'm a pedophile?Reactionaries support a return to the past, where large age gaps were the norm.Tough shit, your opinion and those of the few disgusting pedos like you has zero value, society as a whole has always repelled pedophilia and it always Non-argument.No, back then there wasn't a "society" to begin withFalse, don't spread lies you silly liberal.Don't bother responding to this post, your "facts" opinions are all invalidAnother non-argument, and a denial of reality.You're delusional.burn in hellfire pathetic pedosYou're the likely agnostic here, you only mention religion because it's a simple method of intimidation.You're scaring me.





straight people with a fetishlopped with homos and the mentally illAnon, you're degrading yourself.
tfw you actually do like discussing the topic of pedophilia and herbaphilia in a open, serious, anonymous debatetfw cant because shit posting tfw even the rare time when a good discussion happens, mods delete the thread with no warning or reasonTo call you a faggot would be a insult to faggots OP.
Have they sorted out whether we are born with pedo tendencies or if it's acquired through life experiences
you will be in your 40s implying a loli will want your ass gramps
Did anyone else notice that these are in descending order from least degenerate to most degenerate
herbaphilia What?Liberals believe this.
I'd like to know this as well, I have read that pedos have smaller brains than the average, are shorter and have smaller penis so it could be genetic like those traits.I wonder if a pedo gets hard at the sight of a grown woman and to know how his feelings of love change once his partner has grown into adulthood.But some men are definetly attracted to little girls trough life experiences, I had an uncle that was a degenerate and he sexually harassed every single woman of his family under the age of 60, so he was not a pedo but had tendencies.Anons are pedos but only because they are accustomed to idealized images of kids and obviously the lack of experiences shared with them, I also say also that many skipped the stage in life when you experiment sexuality at a young age so they are attracted to little girls to try and experience that.Sweet dubs check mine.
Misspelled it sorryen.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebephilia
No, there are a few hypothesis but no one really knows and it is really really hard to do research on the topic.
in 20 years pedosexuality will be normal and accepted by Western societyfeminists will never allow that to happen
in 20 yearsI'd say like 5, I remember it was all over facebook like 6 months ago
feminist is the ones pushing it :^
I know, right?Hypocrites
88
Citation needed. It's taken about 20 years of hard LGBT pride to get gay and lesbo marriage considered to be something that should happen. I'm not seeing Pedo Pride parades.
I LOVE people throwing P into LGBT, Trans is already thrown in there for entryism, despite being a different issue. Bravo
That would end really badly
have fun dying at 18
And it will just MAGICALLY get better, and all your rights will be granted, in 20 years?That's why I said that citation was needed.
Being generous, all that pedos are gona get in 20 years is and acknowledgement that they are mentally ill, protection from jail rape and chemical castration pills, and that is all that they deserve
/pol/ keeps pushing this shit. I can't tell if they're being satirical or if this is actually in their favour.
I am not disagreeing with you and I am not OP.I was just pointing out the obvious, that a pedo pride parade would end really badly for the people involved.Plus it is doubtful that they would even get permits in the first place.
nice dubs queers
If they aren't gonna do it now, then in 20 years, pedo relationships will not be legal. They will just keep on saying, "In 20 years!" as if by saying it, it will become true.
isn't LGBT without Trans just LGB? LGB is a model train company. I like trains.
That is because "they" are trolls/shitposters you fucking dumbass.
Pedo is the Linux of sexualities.
I would love to here your reasoning behind that statement.
Get on the right side of history, you shitlords!
You will not make progress by being annoying and shit posting.But that's actually, factually how fags got on their way to legitimizing their degeneracy. They forced themselves out onto the street and MADE it your problem. There could be no hiding from the issue; it was there, and you had to make a call with no running away or lack of commitment.
Please, please please push this campaign to social media, don't forget to liken it to homosexual suffrage. I want to see liberals try and talk their way out of it.
It's always another 10 years before it becomes popular with consumers.
I see, that's funny.
I find it difficult to believe that arguably THE MOST HATED members of society will be socially accepted in 20 years. What is your evidence for suggesting such a change will come?
, 
, 
Would you fuck a woman in an open relationship?
No.
No. If I was related to them I would completely cut them out of my life. That is horrible.
Why do liberals think open relationships are good?I don't understand, even liberals should seethe and foam at the mouth at the thought of their woman getting fucked by chadius tyrone.What makes them not care? Are they ascended actually because it doesn't effect them and they don't get mad?
yes, hopefully in front of her bf too
doesnt get much beta than this
nahid probably catch a feel
I'd fuck a married woman
Its just sex. why are you acting as if its life or death. Why do robots only ever work in black and white or absolutes.
Yes it does, nothing is more beta than being a cuck
trying to rationalize getting cucked this hard
yesI tried monogamous relationships and they suck. There's no reason to give someone that much power over you.
prolly has herps
I have and it sucks.It's just bullshit dude. It's boring meaningless sex.
cuckolds detected
No such thing as an open relationship.You're either in one or you're not.
black and white or absolutes.Cause asians are too beta to cuck anyone
Its just sexbecause it's not just sex to us.
no one is getting on one knee and promising to devote their life to you. It is literally just adults having sex each other. My goodness cut the umbilical cord already.
it's being cucked to have sex with women you don't care about that much
Why does it bother you so much that some people just want to be with one person and one person only? Sound like you're trying to justify your life and others simply having their own preferences challenges it enough to upset you.
dating ANY female that has had another man's penis inside of her even a single timeliterally never
im not the one holding the pitch fork and screaming CUCK CUCK CUCK.
God yes.which is why I never have anyface it, you're cultural socio-economic cucks who are married to the idea of a pure virgin maiden who doesn't exist in reality
weirdly enthusiastic about hockeywatch hockey while having sex and a beercanadian heaven
I was called a beta faggot for not wanting to be with some open relationship whore, so obviously im the bad guy here.which is why I never have anyNot a virgin, stop projecting roastieface it, you're cultural socio-economic cucks who are married to the idea of a pure virgin maiden who doesn't exist in realitynah, just don't want a slut, stop projecting
open relationshipsits just another word for friends with benefits  Yes I would fuck a girl that wanted to be fuck buddies why not ? its free pussy I wouldn't pretend I as dating the girl i'd just hit it from time to time
What animes are you watching robots?
eat shit and die
Cory in the House
None, but I'm reading berserk, golden arc is great.
Sienfeld
What took so long, king kong?I'm watching Juuden-chan!
Cory in the House
Gurren Lagann
Jurassic park
Seinfeld is my favorite anime.
I work night shift so sometimes it takes me a while to get home
EuphoniumWhere were you when slacker was kill?
Just finished Eva.Can someone recommend me some lighthearted, fun anime? If it helps, I liked Lucky Star.
Azumanga Daioh, is cute and fun.
Nichijou, Azumanga, Nichibros, Minami ke
If you somehow haven't watched K-On, do so
Gintama
Rewatching some Trigun.
10/10 anime definitely recommend
Crest of the starsHibike!OregairuOre monogatariArslanKekkai SensenPlastic memoriesFate stay/plebPunchlineEtotamaAnd rewatching Ping Pong
Does anyone else not know what to do with their free time? I literally have no friends or hobbies. What the hell do people do with their free time?
Femanons,Pick the vagina most closely resembles yours.If you're not sure, post a picture of yours and an Anon here will match it for you.
28 makes me hungry for walnuts
This thread is for INTP only
Bump.
i'm here, now what?
Can ENTP post here?
No, get out extrovert scum
Ok OP, now what?
claims to be introvertedmakes a blogpost thread
What about INFP?We truly are the biggest robots of them all.
You will neverNEVERN E V E Rbe satisfied or find a partner who understands you
there are female INTP's out there. trust me.
lord fuck
hi guys fellow intp here
Like types don't usually work well together. It'd be fun to stare into space with a qt INTP gf but realistically you need a partner who will balance out your weaknesses.
I can deal. The constant fuck-uppery keeps me on my toes
If you were a real INTP you wouldnt care about finding a partner.
Hello fellow INTP-T
So what personality would be as repellent as possible to INTP? I've met some people that rub me in a way that makes me as abrasive as I can possibly be, and I have this suspicion that there's a commonality in the way they think and act that causes my contempt towards them.
thought I was INTPget ENTP-Trealize that when I'm actually in social situations I'm quite extroverted, but I usually have to be dragged into them and never purposefully seek out create or initiate them Fug.
holy fuck youre right
'sup
I know people make fun of us for being weird and absent minded, but I like who I am. Also, out of genuine curiosity: anyone here diagnosed with ADHD innatenative?
Reporting inWhat are we doing
We must conquer the world, and finish something that we start for once.
Complaining/circlejerkingno different than any other thread here
Finish something we startAHHHHHHH
Well, I drank again and don't feel too bad about it, I've been trying to get into meditation and tea and shit but as long as I don't do drugs or alcohol more than 2 times a week, I think it will be fine. At least until I run out of money.
tfw dumb INTPYou know nothing of hell.
this thread is now for dubs only
relatively intelligentNot like it's any better.
Wouldn't you run out of things to overthink if you were actually dumb?
fag
I'm probably not dumb compared to normie types but I sure feel dumb compared to the INTP descriptions I've read.Albert Einsteinkek
ENFP are the ultimate normiesyou will never wake up on a saturday morning and solve the daily crossword with your at shy pure gf
i would contribute but im in a very shitty environment and am only using 10% brain capacity i must maintain the other 90% and preserve it until i can finally unpack it in my room alone free of retards
Anyone found their small group of INTP friends? I'm still working on that.
nopebesides when i find another INTP i expect them to be like me but its never the case theyre always retardedbesides i dont need other INTPs, i need a ENFJ or INFJ gf and ENTJ or INTJ intellectual friend i think
Yeah, I've been diagnosed with that. I can't tolerate stimulants though thanks to being a skelly with almost no appetite already.
I have been close to obtaining a GF twice and both times they were INFJ.
tfw I see the true goal in lifeit's nothingRight when my life got good and I found a stable job a girl has to come and fuck evening up. All I asked for was nothing. I wouldn't care if I was homeless and closed to death. At last I would still be me and no one will take that from me.
might as well just embrace our destinies and kill ourselves. nothing will ever be okay for an infp w no gf.
Any other INTP's force themselves to work? I spend my entire shift everyday thinking about how hypocritical it is to hate talking to people and work as a sales associate. Life is hell.
Who /drunk and tired/ here?I don't even know where i'm going in life anymore, things looked bright when i was a kid
Not even an INFJ?
dont drink, and spend time aloneINTP learns and grows best in his ivory towerand whatever
Did they approach you first?
ESFJ a shit
what do you mean by this?
do you have a job or somethinganyway i advise you dont drink, like be straight edgeyeah i cant develop right now at all in fact
I was really talking about the ivory tower thing, but yes I have a job and also am not the same dude you originally replied to
you mean ESTJsESFJs are not that bad they nurture me and make me take my bad and actually wash me it's nice
an INTP cocoon
I meant elaborate not make it more confusing
no i cantnot right nowforgive the me
he means that you need to eat a shitload of bread and spin a cum and shit cocoon in a high place so that you can turn into a butterfly.
man whats up? You alright brother? that means I will become a liquid at some point in the gestation period, thats cool with me
i really cant dig through anything, i cant just speak out of memories and intuition but then if i must develop my intuition fuck that i cant, im this guy 
ENTP, am I a normie?
ok am I high or are you making no fucking sense. Can you make a single sentence that isn't super vague?
not right now im in mind preserving modethis is why i cant have friends i speak the same language as no one
Shit, I created that MBTI thread yesterday and there's a bunch of them up nowDid I awaken the beast
i hope so
Yes but it is a good thing, I had several good discussions in yesterday's thread.It's alright man, I didn't mean to be a dick but I thought you were fucking with me or something.
INTP: The Picture
Is anyone else used to enduring pain? It's like I wasn't born to be in harmony with life.
Stop worrying about the outside world, and focus on making yourself what you want you to be!
I was born to be tortured.
Question to INTPs - do you really hate ESTJs? Or SJs in general?
Post-showaFucking tokuslut.
INFJ master race reporting in
thanks based anon, also lost to that pic
tfw INFPtfw highly introvertedtfw so lonely
Those turbans are worn by Sikhs who are typically Indian, not Arab muslims.
You're aware that the 10% statistic is horseshit, right?
Fuck, I wonder if I have depression and anxiety just because of my personality
i can't workwhichever degree field i end up with, i'm never going to get a job in itliterally going to get a nuclear engineering degree but not get a job in nuclear engineering, in fact, not going to get a job at allid rather be homeless
if they leave me alone and arent complete retards then nothey are the ants who support the civilizationi just hate when they try to make me live like themSJ garbage literally doesnt apply to INTPs and we learn nothing from them1 average INTP is worth countless SJs
It usually carries pejorative connotations of a willful disconnect from the everyday world: esoteric, over-specialized, or even useless research, and academic elitism.
taking this shit seriouslySo did you buy the premium profile yet, goy?
i wasnt talking about thati was saying that im only the shadow of myself right now
thoughts on ISFP?
they need guidance
What's your excuse now shortfags?
He's probably rich.
he's still white
Jerking off  fucking a fat girl
I'm short than him and I'm also not white
Nigga gotta be sportin a huge dick.
he actually believes this
Makes me want to look up midgets fucking tall women porn.
How do you know they are dating. Also he is a dwarf so she is sypathic. The situation is different for guys who are 5'4" to 5'9"
this. they seem to be on a nice property, which I can only assume is his.
thinks fat girls aren't the best fuck aroundsoft and snugglywork extra hard to please you
Pros and cons of your degree...Studied a BA in Commercial Sound Production.Pros:Covers a broad range of essential industry skills such as post-production for film, tv + radio, studio recording, mixing + mastering techniques etcGreat opportunity for networking with people who are the future of the industryRidiculously easy and at times funCons:No subject covered in sufficient depth to prepare you for a career in the audio industry career without your own extra-curricular studyLimited career prospects upon graduatingWill most likely be self-employed / freelance / living hand-to-mouth if you want to work in the extremely competitive industryBachelor of Arts lol
bump
Liberal Arts associate degreePros: vague and can get you jobs here and there, better than having something like a photography degree. Shows that you went to college and did something. Good stepping stone Cons: hard to get a job living off of it, you need a specific degree to get certain jobs.
bump
Psychology BSpros:didnt attend 90% of my classes and still graduated with honorscons: no job prospects, would have to go to masters degree and get cucked into massive debt by the university jews againI'm just trying to find a data entry job... cant even get that.. everyone around me is disappointed in me.. sometimes I think I would be better off dead.
Maybe if you attended 90% of your classes you would have better job prospects...
yea... i'm sure attending auditorium-style lecture with a bunch of retarded liberal women and listening to debates about feminism and racial equality would really line the jobs up for me.
You ARE better off dead, friend. Remember when you were in those college threads and STEMfags were like "HAHA you fucking loser you'll never get employed" and you didn't listen? Well they weren't rusing you. They were 100% serious. Not saying you had to go into stem but there is other stuff out there that's not fucking worthless like psychology.
Would like to hear from some STEM niggas... cuck me.
I know many stemfags who are out of jobs too..and I was in college years ago before r9k had those types of threads... but yea, I realized I made a mistake too late in the game. I grew up really sheltered, nobody ever taught me shit. Everyone was so excited to lie to me about how life is for some reason. I guess cuz things were different for them.
B.S. accountingPros:Excellent job security get interview offers every other weekGood money tfw 60k startingCan move to any town in the country and find workComfortable working conditionsMany social opportunities with co-workers and clientsProvides good life skills communication, personal finance, etcLot of upward and horizontal mobilityCons:Can be tedious, boring, high stress workGirls laugh at your job/careerYou have to work harder than most other fieldsSuccess highly reliant on social skills
having a degreefucking normies
Accounting is the most profitable business sector according to Fortune.com : 
lets hear more from u then shitheadwtf is a day in the life of you like???can't wait to hear dis shit.......
One other con is that you mainly study US rules, which dont translate to other countries. So, its not globally universal. However this is in the process of changing. Plus there are certain countries which recognize US credentials right away canada, aus, NZ, mexico, etc
BEng Civil EngineeringPros:RichLimitless jobs and opportunitiesLadies love itCons: none
I think they group accounting firms in with everything considered "financial services" but yeah.Still in school detected
Computer SciencePros:Pretty Wide job baseIf you actually try in school can work for Google or some shitIf you can an autist you can learn to make vidyasolid base to move into other fields like engineering or mathcons:its a meme degreeconstantly competing with Raj for your job you can easy coast and not learn anythingmost programs are filled with incompetent people and professorsno job security or concrete futureever evolving field have relearn stuff every few yearsladies hate i t/don't carethe degree itself is not even necessary in most cases or not good enough in othersBut I also am in StatsPros: Learn interesting math topics Can move into good fields like finance or analyticsPretty good outlook if including academic opportunitiesPretty decent salariesCons:Pretty tedious workIts looked down upon by math majors and womenHard to sell yourself to employers looking for math or economics majors
implying you will ever have a masters or phd.implying a bachelor is impressive
I mean I want to get my ph.d, but sure a bachelor's doesn't mean shit I know.
NursingPros:100% guaranteed a jobIf grad school for Nurse Practitioner, 100% guaranteed a high paid jobHighly rewarding, both emotionally and you gain a good amount of skillsMen move up faster/get promoted more easily in nursingGrillsCons:People question your decision to go into nursingLong hours
BA in AnthropologyConsno job prospects unless I go for a masters degreeclasses do not prepare you for ethnographic work and data collectingProsit will be easier to get a minimum wage job
PhD in Mathematicspros:300k starting, any job I want, limitless comprehension of everything, all the bitches.cons:Not 400k starting
yeah right.
Bump
BS Business AdministrationPros:easy as fuck workextremely long amounts of time when I'm doing nothing on the clockpretty good payeasy to find a similar paying job in another company once you're "in"Cons: have to be extremely socialhave to answer the stupidest questions in the worldhave to network to even get a job in the first placehave to always shift blame onto someone else when another person tries to shift it to youDon't even try to call me a normie. I'm 25 years KV with no friends.
ba in biologypros:lmaocons:why did i choose this. why didn't i go to graduate school
tfw skilled labour and trades master race
BAAyy lmao
BS in Biochempros people think it was hard, got a pretty good gpa tooconsYou can only be a lab tech slave without grad schoolI have no job right now and fuck grad school
What the hell is the different? What difference does it make? Do employers actually care? I don't understand, it's the same god damn subject
Employers very much care.A bachelors of ARTS is not a bachelors of SCIENCE. Biology is a science. A BA in a scientific discipline is a sure indicator that your degree is a joke.
Why do they care? I don't understand, it's the same subject
 hereit was a typo you fucks, you probably can't even get a ba in bio
BAsc in Geotechnical EngineeringProswork outdoorshigh payingcan work anywhere, and lots of travelConsreally tied to oil industryvery male fieldnot as much work as other engineering fieldsfuck why don't i have a job
You would have been awarded a bachelors of SCIENCE if your degree was actually SCIENTIFIC you stupid fuck.Enjoy your dead end job.
Liberal Arts associate degreeOh my god you nigger the only thing that degree is good for is knocking off pre-requisites on your bachelors. Get back in school and earn a real mans degree.
Psychology BAprosprepared me well for postgradlet me figure out which part of the field I liked/was suited for ended up in cog neuroresearch experienceget pretty decent work as a TA/Instructorthe field is crawling with beautiful women consBy itself, its next to worthless. Requires further study and a crazy work ethic to end up doing the cool stuff i.e. whatever Lamme and Dehaene do. STEM majors assume you do fluffy psuedoscienceI now have a slight inferiority complex due to my rudimentary math skillsBA didn't teach me programming. I get to graduate school and everyone is like HEY YOU NEED TO PROGRAM THIS EXPERIMENTeven if I do make it, will never earn big bucks
PhilosophyProsExcel critical thinking skillsGood writing skillsHoned debating skillsGood understanding of logicGood wide-range skill set with real world applicationsConsNot a specialized degreePeople make funny faces when you tell them you majored in PhilosophyPeople ask you "What is life anyways?" and other "babbys first philosophy conversation" questions all the time.
Depends on the country and university. In my country NZ there is only a slight difference in what is learned in a BA Bio degree vs a BS Bio degree. The core of bio is preserved in each case, it's just that depending on BS or BA, you're peripheral classes will be slightly different.
What IS life anyways, Anon?
post yfw only the beautiful women get hired
I'm computer science too. I have no idea what you're talking about with job security - I never had any trouble getting internships when I was in college, and I've never had any trouble finding a job or worry about employment stability.However, I'm probably different from you because you sound like you studied a watered-down CS curriculum where you just learned programming languages:1. I went to a top-tier engineering school for my degree,2. My concentrations were in "deep" CS which was things like compiler design, hardware/software co-design of low-level software, and embedded systems.If you do things right, you won't be competing with Indians overseas for your job, and you'll have pretty good job security. If you're actually good at and meant to do CS, then re-learning APIs every few years won't be a problem because you'll understand what's going on behind the scenes. And if you want to do real CS instead of basic programming anyone with an internet connection can pick up on, a college education is required.
studying for a BSE in Biomedical EngineeringConsidering adding a minor in biologyprosengineeringgood money out of collegego work in any developed country I wanttons of applications in the fieldconsshit ton of workvery difficult
Landscaper by trade 75k CDN a yearwinters off entirelylots of room for promotion and cross industry movement work outsidetravel a lot if I wish
Fucking bullshit. Was told this is THE WAY to get a job and make money. Work myself to death in school and still unemployed. People congratulate me when they find out my major but it doesn't mean shit when I'm broke.
So courses like statistics, calculus, physics and chemistry. Who needs those courses for a "scientific" degree anyway? The difference is not minute, it is tremendous and is regarded by employers as such. When you get into the real world you will understand this.
Nigger that is an absurdly specialized bachelors degree.
I know that low oil price pain
Womens StudiesPros:If there are any I don't know about them. I just enrolled because it was the only course I was accepted intoFairly easy, I guess?Cons:Feminazi bitches hate my guts because I'm a man and intruded on their hating men sessionsFeminazi lecturers hate me and continually use me as an example of patriarchy, almost positive they shave a few points off my assignments too, but I'm still in the top 5 students anywayNo job prospectsNeeded an $80,000 student loan to pay for it which I will probably never pay off because of the aformentioned pointSTEM students bully me
British Columbia. Not that obscure here. Idk, i looked at stats before going into this even
we live in a meritocracylol fuck off neckbeard
convery male fieldhow is this a con
I've got a masters in chemistry, not sure it has any cons unless you want to do something not related to the physical sciences, in which case why did you do a fucking chemistry degree.It comes across well in subjects where you don't need science either, people have the preconception that you must be really smart to have it so as long as you don't come across as an autist you're golden.
lol jesus christ what were you thinking cucklord
getting ready to start looking into ivy league schools"Dartmouth College alums have starting salaries $58,200 in the United States, as well as the second-highest average income ten years after graduation $123,000"mfw it won't matter what my degree is in if I get in
You have to be a chad and talk about sports and go to the bar with coworkers or else you get fired
Undercooked roast
I just enrolled because it was the only course I was accepted intoNeeded an $80,000 student loan to pay for it which I will probably never pay off because of the aformentioned pointOh shit, nigger. You should've just gone to a trade school and became a welder.
Parents pushed me into doing it. Neither of them got any education past high school so they've been wanting me to go to college and be successful since I was born. I told them it was probably a pretty useless degree and they told me to do it anyway since a bad degree is better than none. They just want an educated son to be proud of.
That's an average you dumbass, it entirely matters.
be in women's studiesbe one of the only males in women's studieseveryone hates you still top 5 studentsFucking kek good job on that anon. Not so good job on everything else though.
You forgot:Homosexuality
Oh i guess I hang around /g/ too much. I always assumed it was impossible to get a job. i'm only a first year and plan on going to grad school for machine learning. My school is not that good though but we do cover that stuff like compilers and embedded systems.
am femanon
machine learningSo your job is making others' jobs obsolete?
My friend graduated this week with a ba in philosophy, head hunted for a 65k consultancy gig in seattle. Check the average and median income of Phil majors at the end of the career! 90 somethingth percentile. Higher median income than bio majors. Phil 5 life.
Any here with a Computer Programming diploma/degree? Whats your cons and pros?
80000$ loanto become a women's study majorjust sudoku now and hope you get resurrected in the first world again
PhD in Mechanical EngineeringProsI like my researchGreat salary after finishedGet to work with the Air Force during the summerFree tuition and stipend, plenty of grant money to go around ConsOh god the hoursI'm losing hair due to stressToo specialized you are either stuck in a specific part of industry or academia after you're doneNo women anywhere in my department
jesus christ if they let tards like you into dartmouth that place has really gone to the shitter
cultural studies.prosinterestingget to study anthropology, folklore, and sociology - all of which interest memost of the reading isn't dullchicks in program were usually hotconscan't get a job with it, unless i wanted to get a masters degree or whatevermost people here won't take it seriouslybachelor of business admin with a focus in small businessprogain knowledge of how to start businessgain general knowledge of business conceptsconsbasically a generalized degreeas such, hard to find a job unless you do another course, or if you want to make your own business
No his job is to upscale anime reaction faces.
Not really. Its mostly building algorithms for unstructured learning in programs and building things like recommendation engines. It might be able to replace some low level software guys but no much else for now.
tfw never did compilers or embedded stuff
How would you replace low level software guys?
B.A in Anthropology. I should be graduating with honors from a mid-high tier state school next Spring.Pros:Pretty decent job prospects if I go to Grad School, which I intend to do.Interesting courses.Pretty small class sizes in upper level courses.Cons:Nearly unemployable as a B.AResearch opportunities kinda suck as an UndergradField is changing somewhat, and most courses do not prepare you for any non-academia positions in the fieldOverall it's okay, and I'd say that it's one of the better Liberal Arts/Social Sciences. Damn near everything is unemployable right now, between the shit economy and all of the immigrant workers. Provided you can make it into a decent Grad School you're set.
What's the job ops like for that? I'm planning on starting one... And is the did between MSc and BSc a doozy?
I am talking about the programmers and admins, not literal low level language. the biggest impact would be on people that work on search engines or other things like speech/writing recognition devs. See NLP and A.I. might be a few years before we see anything big to replace Siri or Google Ads though.
Political SciencePros: Decent job opportunities here in socialist ScandinaviaPretty interestingCons:Have to always deal with americans pointing out the supposed unemployment and muh "liberal arts"Will most likely work the government lower salary
I just don't get why the devs would be replaced.Even if the algorithm changes you still need people to code it all.
I think the MSc is harder than the BSc obviously, you'll get a better grade but if you want to go into the chemical industry you basically need at least a masters since there are so many PhDs about these days.While I'm not sure about job ops now, when I graduated two years ago I got a few job offers within months and everyone I graduated with has a decent job or is doing a PhD now.
I sure hope you're planning on getting a PhD, because there's not too many opportunities for masters level degree holders in the social sciences. Also, fucking masters programs are not funded like PhD. Even if you do get a PhD you'll have to bust your ass for the next 6 to 7 years to make sure you can get a tenure track position. Bust your ass for another decade to make tenure, with no guarantees. Otherwise you'll be stuck in adjunct land. They get paid just about as well as retail workers.
BiologyProsqt women everywheregot to do science and shit I have a publicationpile of grants and scholarshipsConsbachelor's degree isn't useful by itselfGoing to be on that med school time though
The whole goal of machine learning is for algorithms to learn and make decisions on its own.I guess you would still need some monitor and tweak it but ideally talking decades from now it would run on its own. The field is still highly theoretical and young and most of its applications has been in data science where most jobs for machine learning is,.AS of right now nobody is being replaced by computers, but it is the goal.
Still in college I see, nice meme though
Yeah, I was planning on a PhD, the funding is just too good.
here is a paper that gives a good intro to it 
Can anyone help me out? Wants a degree that guarantees a high paying job out of college but doesn't involve a ton of advanced math? I love working on computers and programming, but I'm pretty terrible at math so a CS degree is out of the picture.
if you did ok on calc you could probably make it out of CS. If you are sure you can't do math or other harder CS subjects your best route is IT. Get some certs like CCNA. A+, etc. There as some assoc degree programs for IT but I don't know how necessary it is.
I thought you meant machine learning techniques applied to program generation or something.
I have a PhD in clinical psychology. It's from a shit school, but I don't care. Let me tell you this: your coursework in grad school doesn't matter. Just get Bs. All that matters is publishing papers and, if you can, getting grants probably with your adviser or another prof. Also, make fucking sure that your adviser is a stand up guy. I've busted my ass for months on studies only to get listed as third or fourth author. NIgga, that don't really mean shit, unless you're getting published in S/N/C. Also, I hope that what you're interested in researching is academically trendy, otherwise you can expect to be ignored.
I'm about to graduate high school. Haven't taken CAL yet, just did Algebra 2 last year and Stats this year.
Do CS bro just muddle your way through calc and stuff.
Oh yeah no. that is the current application of the field.I am talking about the theoretical and actual crafting of new algorithms. ML techniques like bayesian networks have been used more now in CS stuff like data mining and will have more applications in the future.Its really cool stuff but almost all stats which is why i am getting two degrees to prepare for grad school.
Anyone have any experience with a finance degree? How rigorous is the math, and how is the work hours?
Yes, Machine Learning will be able to do that, and already can to a certain extent
How did you do in them? If did ok like a C and think you could be able to handle similar stuff you could easily leave your degree never going above Calc II or Linear Algebra. Its up to you but either or are pretty decent routes.
Depending on what school you go to, CS involves a pretty significant math course load. At my school, it was only about six units away from a math minor.
that is the current application of the fieldReally? How do you mean?
Mostly in data science like prediction, data mining, search engines, ad engines, stuff like regression and decision trees and used a lot in programming.
Not very good. Barely passed both. I don't enjoy mathThat's what I heard and that's why I'm wary. I live in the bay area and I'm on a cc to uc program to transfer to Berkeley in two/three years depending on my work
If you can't hack the math I doubt Berkley will be very fun.
I know I can get through the basic math, just the higher level stuff like in cs that I know I can't do. I'm wondering how much math is used in a finance degree
I know theres business calculus, no idea how extensive that may be
Yeah still in school. Most civies I know have a fair bit of trouble getting jibs without 3.0 gpas. EE here, power systems design Pros:The grid needs a fuck ton of work and maintenance Can't out source powerExcellent job security and pay 78k in my 2nd year rn Feel rewarded since people need power and it's fun when something goes wrong and I get to go in there all nitty grittyCons:Eh wish I was doing nuclear power research, might go do my PhD with the money I'm saving
tfw watered down CS curriculumtoo socially retarded to network and to find a decent development job
Yea Finance is looking good. High pay, good job security, work almost any city, only thing I'm worried about it the work hours
B.S. in Liberal NEETness Prosno debtno jobConsno gf
Depending on your uni, you can have your entire tuition waived by the first year if your GPA is good w/ 12 credit hours.
Electrical Construction and Maintenance Pros: Covers all fundamentals of electricityTrains you to join a tradeTwo year program18k in education costsunion can be good or bad on how you look at it. Union mandates all 1st year apprentices $13 and it only goes up. Journeymen start at $20 and hourBro tier environmentCons:Joining a trade is hard workElectricity is dangerous if not handled properlyManual laborI'm only done with my first year and I already have a job lined up and when I get into the union I'll have steady employment until I retire
Electrical engineeringPros: Can understand electronics in the world around us a lot betterCan make own electronic devicesCan program4 years of developing and enforcing problem solving skillsCons:The stress of studyingI think the job market is fuckedAcademics suck
You guys are 2nd weirdest.
then you shouldn't be working, society functions better without women in the workplace, it's totally unnecessary and only serves to make women feel not useless.
unionSmart man in the room. That or welding- your career is pretty much set for life.
why the fuck would you do this? If no other program would accept you then just not go. It's the same value as your degree in a job market and you'd save the debt. You don't need to go to college. It's not mandatory just a lot of people choose to go.
You must know thy enemy anon.Only then can you defeat them.
Hey man, cmon.Who is the weirdest? CS?
You must know thy enemy anon.They all secretly want a chad. BAM I think I just saved you 4 years of schooling. If you want to defeat them just become chad and break their hearts.
Physics.
Try being female and not having an education and career. Being completely at the whim of some dude. I want control over my life and accountability. Being 40,washed up, and having no escape or alternative but some guy youre shackled to is a shitty fate.
BA in Englishprosit's funhardly any work scheduleconsnojobs
BS in Computer SciencePros: no barrier to entry, good money, easy to get a "typical" dev job, decent benefits industry-wide, heavy on theoryCons: your education won't prepare you for Google and is actually not a requirement, there are a lot of shitty dev jobs, there are a lot of shitty devs, the pay is exceptional in only 3 US cities, and society doesn't respect CS majors
whats wrong with physics? Most i have met have been ok.
STEM majors assume you do fluffy psuedoscienceAssume?We already know what you do
Linguistics major & Creative Writing minorProsLinguisticsCons:Creative WritingIn all seriousness, linguistics is not an end-point unless you want to tool up as a teacher or a speech therapist. It becomes more than reasonable in post-graduate. I'm going to do an MSc in Computational Linguistics next year
I want control over my life and accountabilitywomen can't handle themselves though they make bad decisions and don't really know what they want
 MSc in Computational LinguisticsMy nig.I am the machine learning faggot.I want to get into NLP but i'm probably not smart enough for it.
I know very successful and accountable women and pretty fucked up men. All things considered its pretty even in my opinion, just culture imparts different goals and ideals to the genders. Not everyone is going to completely fit these though, so i respect the ability for people to choose and create the life that works for them personally
LinguisticsYeah.Pros:Awesome jobs in your fieldCons:Actually getting a job in your field
financeProssome parts are interestingsolid job marketversatile degreeConssome parts are not interestingsurrounded by dumbass "finance douchebags", who major in it beause they think a degree entitles them to high paying job
its pretty evennot really. women are capable of being good and I was only half trolling but men are just better in general. There really is no benefit to society to have women in the workforce.culture imparts different goals and ideals to the genders. That's what feminists would like to think, that's their go to excuse when they can't explain why women aren't good at something, but it's just wishful thinking.
Masters students are scrubs, get a phd.
B.Sc.PhysicsPro:Con:useless without at least M.Sc.difficult
I feel like youre cherrypicking these times of prosperity.Likely youre looking at the 20th century, where women had little presence in the workforce. Keep in mind that this was a time where globalization had yet to take a full hold of society and America's economy was just hitting a boom early to mid 20th century in particular. I don't think this prosperity was due to gender restraints, but just a product of the times themselves. Look at all other cultures at all other times. Many had equal roles and rights between genders and that really had little influence on the economic prosperity of the nations. Youre only looking at recent times and from a very western centric view
Yeah. i'm still not sure if I want to be in academics or industry though
Physics and MusicPros: I got a 70k starting job straight out of college after two interviews. Probably could've gone higher if I kept looking.Cons: Had to put up with idiotic music kids going just for music alongside orchestra directors with an inflated sense of self-importance.
all that tumblr lingo
Look at early childhood studies. Genders are the same in science and math until they're taught otherwise. Culture has a huge impact on self image and capability. Same with women as leaders. If someone leads a team remotely their ratings will drop once their subordinates learn they're a woman and vice versa.As for benefit, i think its in the american spirit to be able to choose and pursue the life you deem most apt for yourself. Providing that to half the population is of great benefit. And in a perfect world, with a larger and more skilled workforce we can have shorter workweek, men can reconnect and spend more time with their families and on personal development and education. This brings about large cultural benefits. But this would require society to be on board to reduced work hours, which is very contrary to western values
Lol. I'm an engineering major. I work in a mill, doing physical labor, and am the only girl on a team of 400 employees. I'm right wing. I don't see myself as a victim, and just want the rights to pursue my life as i see fit. Not feminazi. I just want my rights preserved
Genders are the same in science and mathNo shit 2+2 is easy as fuck of course even dumb bitches can get itSame with women as leaders. If someone leads a team remotely their ratings will drop once their subordinates learn they're a woman and vice versa.People just naturally look up to strong, imposing charismatic men. That has nothing to do with society it's just animal instinct. Most ceos aren't manlets for this very reason, has nothing to do with culture.As for benefit, i think its in the american spirit to be able to choose and pursue the life you deem most apt for yourself. Providing that to half the population is of great benefit.We don't give children rights for the very reason women weren't given rights, they only ever choose to do what benefits them and not society as a wholeAlright love you're not like the other girls, a very special snowflake. Fuck, women are all the same aren't they.
HistoryProsConsI will never have a jobCan somebody get me a job pleaseI would like a job
We don't give children rights for the very reason women weren't given rights, they only ever choose to do what benefits them and not society as a wholeimplying men do
Well I mean we got to this point without women having much say for most of history, so I'd say we have a proven track record. Women, on the other hand only have wishful thinking and what ifs. Seriously, if it aint broke dont fix it.
If the system is inequitable it is broke.Should we have kept slavery and child labor around?
It wasn't inequitable women had and still have it the easiest.
Either going to do film or philosophy tbh lads
They couldn't vote? Divorces were impossible or very unfair to the woman. Husbands could rape their wives. etc.
Ph.D. in Mathany job I want$300k starting
same tbh
Electrical EngineeringPros:Employers mistakenly believe it has something to do with programming, and will offer you many of the same internships which CS kids getAccess to power generation jobsAccess to many jobs in communications/networkingParents cum instantly when you announce your major choiceCons:Totally giving up 4 years of your life for the degreeBecome an empty shellGroup workGroup work with people who can't speak EnglishProfessors who can't speak EnglishSpend huge amounts of time going over material you need a grad degree to useMajority of entry-level jobs are in software, may end up doing the same job as someone who took a much easier degreeBasically fucking terrible
Troll mode off, I don't think women are incapable of contributing to the workforce. I'm just tired of seeing useless bitches enrolled in womens studies courses complaining about their not being enough women engineers. Women already have tons of opportunity, they're encourage like hell, companies love hiring capable women because it makes their quotas look good, you make up the majority of colleges, and you have tons of scholarships dedicated to you. No one is hindering women beyond their own capability. Any time a woman looks at the difference in employment between men and women in certain fields, rather than crying about misogyny and inequality, maybe they should try to fucking git gud first.
Bump
I dont even have a degree
Any Econ majors?
BSc in Quantitative Finance/BBA in Actuarial Science Pros: Very good job prospects. Most graduates either find a job as an actuarist or an investment banker or a consultant. I doubt there is any other undergraduate program with the same value except for Medicine or Law. Very academically rigorous, provides you with a huge amount of knowledge in all Business and Finance related disciplines Very flexible outlooks. You literally have everything a BBA degree offers, but a lot more. Accountancy, Law, International Business are all fields that you can get into with ease if you excel in this subject. Cons: Extremely difficult, and not for the weakminded. Workload is big, course difficulty is very high, mathematics and statistics courses taken are almost the hardest courses available. Very strong competition, and while it would be easy for you to get an excellent job with good grades, your peers will most definitely do better than you. Insane admission standards and must have a thing with numbers.I'll respond if I can.
Sort of related, i'm in Stats undergrad. How where the upper stats classes?I just finished first year so will be my first set of stats classes.I am taking Regression analysis and time series analysis next semester.
Econ and Math double major herePros:I like mathmath is funjobs use math I guessCons:no girlsno social skills
currently getting my BS you make me happy anon :^
I took a Cultural Anthropology class last semester and it has by far been one of my favorite classes I've taken while in college. I really want to take more Anthropology classes but I don't have room in my schedule anymore. I hope you end up doing some cool shit.
BS MechEPros:- Can do pretty much any job I want, have experience in robotics and defense work- Pays really well for first job, good benefits- Going under for secret level clearance, looks great to future employers- Fairly flexible hours, I usually do 10a-7p M-F even weeks and M-Th odd weeks- Work paying for me to go back and do masters- Never bored at work- Ladies think I'm some sort of intellectual godCons:- Can't tell people about what I do, have to be cautious- No drug use permitted- Degree was legendary mode difficulty  Georgia Tech, high honorsIt's honestly really good, I'm so glad I'm out though. Holy fuck my final year was insanity.
BS in Chemistry concentration in BiochemistryProsReally good program, still have to take all of the same classes as normal chem majors but instead of having electives I take biochem and biology classesOne of the hardest majors on campus so people think I'm really smartA lot of options for after graduation except employmentSeeing pre-meds get rekt in chemistry classesBitches love chemistry, so many goddamn qt chem major chicksConsFUCK LABS AND LAB REPORTSYou L I T E R A L L Y cannot make an A in a lab and I have to take a shitton of themNo decent employment opportunities after graduation, forced into grad school or med school or somethingSo many goddamn mechanisms and memorizationHave to take two analytical chemistry classes, fuck analytical chemistryDoes not mesh at all with my second majorI'm also getting a BA in Dramatic ArtProsProfessors are all amazing and are still involved with productionsClasses are chill as fuck and it's a nice break from the bullshit that comes with my science and math classesThere is no other feeling like seeing your hard work and creativity be presented to hundreds of people I do lighting design mostly but am well-versed in all other parts of technical theatre so I'm always wanted for productionsA lot of options for after graduationTheatre chicks and opening night parties Being able to express yourself creatively ConsPretty much have to move to NYC or LA if I want to be a professionalTheatre is all about nepotism as with everything else, but I feel like it's especially bad in this businessIt's hit or miss about what people think about you if you say you're a theatre personOne of the most time consuming majors on campus for sure and I'm doubling it with one of the most time consuming science majors on campusHave to do most of my studying for science classes in the dark during my downtime in rehearsalsHardly any undergrad tech people so it's hard to get work done for shows
M.A. in Political CommunicationsProsInterestingSort of easycan get a job in politics, which I want to doConsHad to take out a loan to go to grad school 10 grand or sowon't be as successful as STEM peeps
AAS Culinary Arts and ManagementPros:degree in one yearcan get a job in a week in any city I want to, big or smalldon't even need a degree to work in this industryeasy to move around, have done it a couple times alreadycooking knowledge is useful in daily lifeit's a trade and can be treated as suchcan always try something else and go back to being a cook if it doesn't work outCons:$17k in debt on graduation Not so bad, though. Only got six years left at mostaverage wage $10-$15/hrphysically and mentally demanding worklong hours, long weeks, lots of overtimecoworkers are all junkies and burnoutsbosses are often sociopaths or emotionally abusive bullieshard to be sorta aspie and fit in, most of these people would have bullied me if we went to school together
So get a masters that'll pay YOU to study. Go into academia. Research why people do what they do. Make the world a better place.Why would you be better off dead when you have knowledge and skills that can help the world, man?I believe in you. Shia LeBoeuf believes in you.
TechnologistPROSLots of jobsGood payGreat hoursCONSLiterally all guysBoring as fuck1/3 chance your boss is socially inept Engineer

Computer scienceProI like the math and learning as much about programming in my spare time.ConGirls don't
Tfw studying accounting and no social skills. Should I just end it?
BA in video production-directingpros: easy moneylots of friendsfun as fuckcons:dealing with fuckwits that attempt to ruin your vision
Ugh I did this also. Minored in CS and now work for a bioinformatics software company. it is so goddamn boring but Idk what else to do please send help
Same here.My GPA 3.4 is not even good enough for the big 4. I left school for the military six years ago with a 2.5 GPA. Left the military to go back to school and was able to bump it with my current GPA. If only I could erase my past.I might try freelance accounting after I graduate.
BA in Public Administrationpros:was pretty easy, I was constantly blitzed for the last two years of universitycons:I have no fucking skills or idea of how I'm gonna get a job.
If I was comfortable with my own sexuality, I would have gone on to Nursing.
How do I get this? I just finished my first semester of film
fuckwitsAustralian, right? Where'd you get your education? How'd you break into that field. I'm about to start a Bachelor of Media majoring in screen and creative writing with the goal of writing and directing films.
Ladies love itYeah, I believed that too
You're not educated dumbshit.
That has to be one of the most useless degrees ever.
turning 23haven't evolved past 16
I look the same as I did in 9th gradeexcept now I'm fat
tfw still can't even do a kamehameha
just drank and played visual novels my entire 23rd yearI regret nothing
It took me from age 21 to age 27 to go from the mentality of a 16 year old to an 18 year old.Maybe by my 35th birthday I'll be reach mental maturity of a normally socially adjusted 21 year old.
Nobody like you when you're 23!
AND STILL ACT LIKE YOURE IN FRESHMAN YEAR
r u a gril
WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN WHATS MY AGE AGAIN
Leaving this world is not as scary as it sounds.
It took me a while to realize it's a chicken.for a moment I thought it was a werid version of Magmar
good times never last
These scumbags seem to crave attention...
you're right, complete degenerates when compared to the hero that is mannygood thing he works day and night to eliminate those fiends
Pick a color /r9k/
Green, dicks are awesome, I don't care what your orientation is, porn would be boring a fuck without phallic objects.
Blue master race.Traps are objectively the best fetish
I am not a faggot so no colors for me
This, I can't get off to gay porn I tryed it but lesbian sex is boring as fuck for me, dicks are something beautiful and I love seeing an erected dick being released from the briefs in it's full glory.
Lesbian porn is pure eye candy, sex just really isn't sex without dicks though.
blue, I can appreciate a fellow man's body, but I can't fathom doing anything sexual with a guy.
Im green.Unless I'm horny at which point I go full blown pink retard.
Sometimes when I'm really horny I wonder what the chick is feeling when she's getting fucked. I've put on girl clothes and put things in my butt a few times, but always feel disgusted after. I do this like once or twice a year. I've never been attracted to men, and the idea of dick in my mouth is disgusting. Basically I occasionally wonder what it'd be like to be submissive and sexy, but don't care for dudes.What color is that?
Pick a number
You can like cock without being a submissive slut.
Hot pinkA combination of all the last ones, I suppose.
denying the gay status all the way to the endTopkek
Who /eternal student/ here?University is free in my country so I just sign up to do degree after degree. Got Mathematics and Accounting, doing Electrical Engineering now.
Where do you live? That sounds way better than NEETness
Finished Med School and I'm three semesters into architecture right now.
Australia. Technically I'm racking up a debt to the government, but I never have to pay it unless I get a job that pays over 52,000 a year, and even then it's only 4% of my total pay.Nice. I'm thinking about Biology or Med Science next.
Literally the dream. I have biotechnology and doing chemical engineering now. I want to go on to do psychology or maybe medicine. Let's hope Fagbott doesn't ruin things for us perpetual students.
What do you live on? Surely Centrelink cut you off after a while?
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why free tertiary education is a bad idea
Nope. As long as you have a full time study load you can collect Austudy for as long as you want. I've been on it for 5 years
Holy shit that's genius
Where can I find a gf like max caulfield?
In a liberal arts college
I love the fact that she's a virgin in that gameIt shows how little the developers understand of how real life works, as if a girl who looks like that would be a virgin
You can't. Because there is only one best girl.
Indeed, every girl I've known like that has been a bigger slut than any bleach blonde bimbo I've met
It shows how little the developers understand of how real life worksWere they intending to develop real life? Or a video game?
FUCKING TALK TO ME FAGGOTSI will respond to everything. Say whatever is on your mind. I'm drunk and in the mood to chat.
What is the average air speed velocity for a laden swallow?
is 7x5.5 a good penis size?
I got a big dick boi now watchu gonna do boi?
Do you want to fug me anon?
Why are you gay?
European or African swallow
I have no Idea and I cant be bothered to look it up.It's a great penis size. Only slightly bigger and it'd be the best penis size.NiggerNoI was born that way baby.
Who does the bell toll for?
OP again. Just remembered this was monty python. Sorry I'm drunk.40 SPECIALLY TRAINED ECUADORIAN MOUNTAIN LLAMAS
im high af hi
What is your type of panties to wear?
Leave now or I taunt you a second time.
African!

Tywin LannisterI smoked pot earlier. Enjoy your high anon.Blue and white stripedWhat a strange person.Please keep that word out of my thread.
My long term gf just left me. Said she didn't have any emotions left for me. We have a child together and so the feeling I have for her as both just a gf and the mother of my child are pretty heavy. I have no other friends or anyone to talk to this about. Just thinking about splitting our kid's time up and moving into separate houses and shit makes me incredibly anxious, let alone thinking about all the emotional aspects of this. my resting heart rate is ~90 all day everyday. I don't know if I should try to win her back or just say fuck it and move one. But then again I don't know how to say fuck it and move on. Send help
thanks anon, that does make me feel better about my dickporn has warped my mind into thinking i need atleast an 8x6 to satisfy a womanwatcha been sippin on?
you stupid fucking cuck

I fail to see how my gf leaving me makes me a cuck
r u a kv?do u live with parents?what r u drinking, specific brand pls
which?
Ex slut I'm fucked either way though I'll probably ruin our relationship when/if I learn about her past
ex slut, in this stupid hypothetical. In reality, all women are fucking massive sluts.
i try not to make hard decisions when that will never happen so why should i worry about it
No brainer, ex-slut.only virgins will choose the other
There is literally no advantage to the virgin.I'd probably end up breaking up with either of them, so I'd rather take the slut and end up better off than I was before.
Because it's a bit of fun.
I'll pass on both
Ex slut for sure. Virgin just seems like a horrid cunt.
they don't deserve a guy like you :DD
Ex slut, hands down. Loyalty goes further than purity.
/thread
Ex slutexperiencedfun in bedwont cheat on youhas tons of beta orbiters who you can treat like shit to get free stuff
Proof that the past doesn't matter.
Neither. The value of the virgin is completely thrown out because she will cheat. I would rather die alone. Better than being with 200 chads leftovers or someone who will cheat.
It does matter, an ex slut would cheat on you but this wizard promises that you can get a girl with a crazy sexual history that wont cheat on you.
You deserve much better boyyy :
The past DOES matter. It just doesn't matter as much as loyalty. For example, if the ex-slut had STDs, I would choose neither, hands down. This is an example of the past mattering.
virgin only cuz muh fetishes
It does matter. That totally hypothetical doesn't represent the real world. In reality, once a slut, always a slut.
The virgin. I get to lose my virginity to another virginity. When she cheats on me it says other people will know so I can dump her on the spot and everyone will know she is a slut. After that I can go find someone loyal and be happy that I got to lose my virginity to another virgin. Everything in this scenario is a win-win.
C U C K SUCKS
Look I know you are a cuckold fetishist who loves the fact that the girl you chose has taken over 200 and dicks you fantasize about it but you don't need to project your fetish onto others.
remain gfless
Unless I instigate? EasyTake the slut, pound her butt a few times until I get tired of her and cant deal with inadequacy anymore then leave her ass. Whats the point in having a gf if you get cucked cucks?
a cuck calling someone else a cuckTop cuck
Preferring to be cucked over 200+ times compared to once.Having the girl who cucked you once have her reputation destroyed completely because they know she is a cheater.Ok then Mr. Cuckold.
cucked over 200+ timesWhat? If you guys weren't dating before then it isn't cucking
Science says women keep DNA from any semen that touches their body permanently and can effect any future offspring resulting in multiple fathers of the same child.Not the same.Keep telling yourself that omega.
having children with ex slutnot just fucking her till you get bored
Do the same thing with the virgin except you get the satisfaction of taking their virginity before Chad does. Not having to worry about messing up for the first time because you are with another virgin.Plus you can dump her before she cheats on you even if you don't have the knowledge before hand.If she does cheat on you before than you can break up and her life is basically ruined because everyone knows she is a cheater so you basically get revenge at the same time.
Fuck the ex-slut until I become good at sex and confident around woman. The move on because shes a slut.
Virgin girl.Once she cheats on me, I leave her. It will hurt, and it may even crush me, but I dislike cheating above almost anything else in women. I should eventually get over her.The thought of putting my dick inside something that has been used by so many men... not gonna happen.
Actually a toughie, on one hand top cucking is actually my fetish but I don't think I would want to actually live like that, on the other the girl on the right is an 11/10 and then I won't have to deal with a roastie, at least in the beginning.
ex-slutnever cheatsstatistics say otherwise
tfw this is you
Poor guy, fuck normies.
does he make it out ok?
iktf
sad tbh
Should've slapped that bitch hard tbh
No. Because this comic is depressing as fuck and he actively screws over his best friend for petty gain.
This looks like the guy who did jimmmy corrigan are they the same artists?
Yeah, its Chris Ware
oldfag rants about the good ol' days.jpg
his mom dies, his only friend moves away, and he eventually dies alone in his home surrounded by bags of trashwhat's brilliant about Rusty Brown is that he deserves everything that comes to him, but you still can't help but feel pity
I don't live at home but I fear greatly for my future as a lonely single robot.I'm going to be spending a lot of nights alone, trying to be entertained by shitty games and anime, eating and sleeping all by myself. I don't know if I can deal.
coworker just listens to brostep, club, house music constantly over shitty in ear earphones which leak so much soundjust hear 'unn tis unn tis unn tis unn tis' hour after hourfucking normies
Find out the exact tempo of the songs he hears and edit a copy of "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" song to a matching speed. Replay it slightly louder than he does all day long.
This is now a normie music thread.
I like to listen to EDM while I work and while out and about. My tastes are more varied than that and sometimes I switch it up, but EDM is less about thinking about more about emotion, and is typically upbeat. It keeps me moving and motivated without distracting me or making me aware of what I'm hearing.And usually I enjoy the vibes and the production values for what they are. Because I have appreciation for music. Unlike OP.
People mumbling the lyrics of whatever they're listening to loudly enough to hear but quite enough so that you can't understand what they're saying.
Show him good shit like this.
Because I have appreciation for music. Unlike OP.I appreciate music, I am a musician. I am more complaining about the monotony and leaking headphones than the particular genres.
1:00-3:00goodThe fuck is that bullshit nigga? Sounds like Bowser is about to do a striptease in a gay porno or some shit, the fuck?Real taste coming through
GOOD taste
sounds like bowser is about to do a striptease
fedora funkopinion discarded
having shit tasteopinion discarded cuckGOOD TASTE COMING THROUGH NIGGA
Who /metal/ here?
EdmFucking typical Americans ruining music as usual
you fucking americans are worse than us canadians when it comes to music sometimes damn it
 be "friends" with guy secretly crush on him he never makes a move stupididea.jpeg try and make him jealous by inviting ex out on group date "I know what you are thinking, but I am not going to stand in your way. Good luck with that." try and play it off "Don't worry. It wouldn't have worked out anyways. I consider you like a little sister. Nothing changes that." emotional destructionAny fembots ever get friendzoned by boys? It's kind of driving me nuts.
bawwww Chad doesn't want meKill yourself whore
Fuck off slut
try and make him jealousWait.. do girls actually do this?
He doesn't find you attractive, sorry. It's not an objective thing, you're probably somebody's qt, but then, you may not be attracted to him. Life is rough. Be strong, anon.
How can I let this guy know I like him?I know I'll start dating my exAre women this stupid? no because this is a dude trolling
yeahOne girl did it to me, and at the time it seemed spiteful rather than trying to get my affection, girls have no idea how guys workThey also think that if they hang around with guys, other guys will find her more attractive, whereas it's usually the opposite of that
it wasn't a date. I just wanted to wake him up. Appear desirable but it backfired apparently.
My aunt met her husband after making out with another guy to make him jealous at some party they were at. I mean it worked and they were cool people but that would just turn me off.
You could have just got drunk and hit on him, then you'd have plausible deniability. Seriously unless he's an alpha male who loves competition and stealing peoples girls your plan couldn't have been more misguided.
So when that one girl who I thought was interested in me randomly told me about some random guy asking her out while she was working.. she might have been trying to force me to make a move?Now that I think of it, the tale sounds fake now.. I mean she isn't even that pretty.
Pretty much
No friends in high school or uniBecome friends with a similarly autistic, slightly older guy, who introduces me to a couple of other people and some new interests21st birthdayHave a small party with a few friends and familyHe makes a toast Thinks of me as the little sister he never hadMum makes a joke about how at least I know now he has honourable intentionsGet drunk to escape problemsHe gives me water and tucks me into bedDie on the inside as I realise I'm 21 and the only person, aside from my mum, to ever give a shit about me considers romance with me to be repulsive
That was a bad plan, but  gives you an even worse plan. So, hey, at least you tried. If only you would have been just upfront about it.
 you had a bf, there is lonely people here. Why are you doing this to us?
Yes, I have friended many girls who may have liked me. If you like someone, express it to them. If you can't show them that you like them, you don't like them enough. So why the consider you with your hints? Secretly liking someone only works if they already like you back. If someone likes you, usually, you like them more just for that. So show itIf someone likes you, you already know you have a chance, so you try and like them back and see what happens. So show it.
girls are the absolut masters of manipulation, subtle mind games, deceit, guilt tripping and intrigueit's the only thing they CAN do
so why should they consider**i love when I skip half a sentence, thanks brain.
knew crippled asian girl in high schoolevery half a year she coerces me into hanging out with her and this jewish manlet she knows because i don't know how to say noeach time for the past few years has been her complaining about all the guys who have friendzoned her in collegeshe is the only person i have ever heard actually use the word "friendzone" in real lifenot that i ever really talk to anyone to hear anyone else say it hey
I'm not dumb enough to do shit like that and just MAKE A GODDAMN MOVE MYSELF.I'm ashamed to be the same sex as you.
Maybe he's into incest
try and make him jealous
lol I fucking hate the female mindset when it comes to making the first move. Its your own fault.
masters
Sorry mate but are you attractive?How attractive are you in relation to him?
You call the shit OP pulled subtle?She's a goddamn subhuman.
You're not a girl dude
so if i reverse engineer this emotional manipulation tactic... a girl should find me more attractive if i ignore her for other girls ?
Please kill yourself bitch.
Are women this stupid?Yes women are this god damn stupid but remember women are smarter than men.
This actually works. Never shoot for the top in a pecking order. Flirt with the second or third one and watch their queen dissolve in self-doubts.I goddamn hate my fellow women.
Don't worry. It wouldn't have worked out anyways. I consider you like a little sister. Nothing changes that.
kek
Should have just been upfront. Women are fucking clueless
Academia trips over itself throwing scholarships and preferential admissions at women and the only science they can succeed in is biology.
the only girl that attracted my attention and that i obsess over will just reject me like shitwhy did i have to shelter myselfnow i'm 27 and even 12 years old boys are better at socializing with girls than my fucking self
try and make him jealousRED FLAG. RED FLAG. RED FLAG.You know what no guy has ever thought to himself in the history of the world? "Oh man, now that she has a boyfriend I REALLY want her!" Having a boyfriend makes you LESS desirable to single guys.
he isn't into you.stop wasting your fucking time with him!or, communicate, and try to understand why you aren't desirable for him.maybe there's an other girl he's hopelessly crushing for, maybe you're fat, maybe he's creeped out because of something stupid like you wearing contact lenses the same color of his little sister's eyes!anyway, either let him go, or talk the very next time you see him. if you're too chicken, just do yourself a favor and let him go.
Why didn't you just ask him out you retard. What is it with women that they think the man has to initiate everything in relationships.
Women measure the value of a man by the attention he gets from other women which is a really retarted and fucked up. You thought men think the same but you were wrong. It's mostly the opposite thats why you failed miserably.
yes so you can compete and they just pick the best of the competition.
instead of making him feel appreciated and loved by showing interest in him I'm going to pretend to like someone else so he will feel alone and want me moreThis is why you wouldn't make a good gf.
This guy knows.
Why the fuck didn't you just ask him out yourself you dumb bitch?
find girls with orbiters a massive turn off So maybe that's why. Girls who have been interested in me in the past but are walking solar systems have been told to gtfo. they know these guys are thirsty for them and they love being the centre of attention.
she wants to feel "chased"
you did the same thing as a grill my friend had orbiting didnt work ether lol it actually comes of as you trying to hurt the person.
tldr but wanna be my gf?
I will be fucking turned down. Wtf!!??? Why are women this mean???You probably act "cool" the whole time and it makes him more clearly know that you are showing something negative to him. It doesn't fucking make men jealous! It makes men upset and disappointed.
uses other people like pawns for emotional gamessatanic
JUST BEATTRACTIVE
she already has a date, said so in the very OP!
I've been friendzoned and, in one instance, fuckzoned no, I didn't have sex with him. it's normal for me. I now see men as asexual creatures to enjoy discussion and activities with.I know it's not healthy or correct, but it may just be better for me to be romantically alone and have friends. You can't miss what you've never had, and at least there's sex toys. I am very bad at dealing with men I like romantically.
I want a guy that is desire by ever girl but only loyal to me no wonder they get cheated on :^
"I like this guy"oh look my exKill yourself
I goddamn hate my fellow women.I hate them too, without even knowing them. 26never date muchtfw so tired of this shitgame as a concept that I just wanna be single forever nowyears ago I never really felt that waythanks to a really shitty incident it hit me like a truck jaded as a motherfucker right now
I could be your bf. Pls respond.
wake him upthis bullshit really triggers me. Shut the fuck up, you stupid fucking piece of shit whore.
I'll marry you and love you forever, asl?
If you think you need to be paired with a man yo appear desirable then you are not desirable.
yah it usually makes the guy pissed off and not like them anymore but sluts do this all the time i really dont see how showing your a sloot is supposed to make me like you more
No. I don't trust men from here or women, for that matter. On the Internet, you are overly sexual and crude and disgusting. In real life, on the surface, you're squeaky clean. I don't know how to deal with that, or understand it, but I do know it is best observed from a distance.
be a moderately attractive guy who is aloof as fucktfw woman logicI don't even know.
I'm not any of these things and not the guy you're responding to, but wanna be my gf?
funny how nobody notice this. first reply shold have called out this machiavellian bitch.instead its all these normies telling her that she used the wrong mehtod
I just assumed it meant the girl wasn't interested in me anymore, so I just fuck off
I dont do lewd things anywhere and im just a sad lonely man. ;__;
If you wanna stay aloof, staying single forever is the best advice you'll ever receive. don't even bother with bitches. it's so utterly worthless that you want everything about dating to fade into obscurity and never even look back. that's how bad women can be.
post story when ?
both of you kill yourselves one for revealing their gender and the other for being a thirsty faggot.
you know he might just be bullshitting for all we know he might want to plow you into the ground Hmmm sorry to hear.
Words on an anonymous image board. No accountability for past actions or posts. Nothing can be trusted. I can claim to be a wealthy philanthropist, doesn't mean it's true or all of the truth.I'm trying to be politely serious. I value my life and safety more than loneliness. I'm merely answering the thread question, stating my experience and thoughts, and reading others' input from their own experiences for insight. This is not /soc/.
shut the hell up you retarded faggot and stop trying to steal my gf
you are overly sexual and crude and disgusting.guess why, 4chan is for letting off steam and shitposting. also, most guys talk so much about sex because they don't get nearly as much at all here. doesn't look so suspicious anymore now, does it..
tldr so you wanna be my gf or not?
Actually... yes. It's why this tactic exists. Women find the opinions of other women massively important; therefore, other women liking you makes other women like you.The opposite is also true; getting a woman to dislike you quickly spreads to her friends.
It does look suspicious. I also see it on other parts of the Internet. Venting anonymously is a good way to see the sides of people they don't share because they know it's wrong.Example: someone who bullies someone online, but not people in real life, is still demonstrating a side of him or herself that is unacceptable.
I dont trust woman either but you know what?Ill die fucking my robot wifu, never have to be worreing about a naggin wife and kids sucking my blood.and when you die you will be eaten by all your cats.I feel bad for you.implying that biological clock aint gonna tick so hard your gonna fuck anithing that moves around your 30s
don't feel like typing it outI'm gonna go to sleep now anyway.this is good because then disgusting normies and women don't disturb me.
not exactly.if you get a number of orbiter girls, you'll have a much higher success with other girls that can see you with them.but if you're running ragged behind a girl, other girls will find you unattractive.
Dying without romantic love does not mean dying without love. What are friends and extended family for?I shouldn't have biological kids. If I get kids, I will likely adopt. My biological clock is irrelevant to that decision.
I feel you bro
glad you do.
every lone woman that I knew ended up been feared as the urban witch.anyways women are pretty boring to start with sorry hony ,thought life.
top kek they ant asking to meet in real life lol just skype steam or something but grills got come and post oh Im lonely oh poor me. you asked for this reaction, if you know anything of this board you know full well you'd get this.TLDR grills just like to tease robots on here
I generally get on well with my neighbors and their kids like me, probably because I regularly being over homebaked goodies for them on holidays. I will probably be the old lady kids come over to after school for biscuits and homework help.If you say so.oh I'm lonelyIt was a thread about being friendzoned. If you don't like it, hide and move on.
I don't give a flying fuck about your "gf". she is nothing to me but a parasite. i agree with this after hearing a conversion between my sister and her friend. my sister only disliked certain people if her friend disliked them too.
Let me give you girls a tip. Men value submission, sincerety and loyalty. If you want a man to like you, make him feel like the king of his own domain. If you show interest to another man, most likely he'll try his chances elsewhere. You make sure that he understands you'll allow only his dick in your vagina and no one elses, that's a huge turn on for men. Manuplation is a risky business. If a man can see through your manuplation, he'll despise you and you'll lose all your chances with him. Show him you truly care about him and hope for the best.
are you even 18? you sound so underage.NEET woman are strange.
Anons I need some advise:be grill, do online datingwrite to guy first not chad, but interesting and pretty confidentask guy out to date firstdate goes really well in my opinion but guy not talking about second datetext guy always first, guy usually repliesstop texting guy first, guy doesn't text backguy always online on online dating platform but we switched to phone a while agoHe just doesn't like me, does he?This has happened to me multiple times. No, I am not fat or ugly. Should I be more elusive in future attempts? Pretend to be less available? Not always take the first step to seem more desirable?
I don't show interest in someone else to get someone to pay attention to me. When someone does that to me, I presume they're not interested in me, and I'm sure men feel the same.I'm not OP. If I'm interested in someone, I give them my undivided attention. I don't have the time or inclination for games.submissionI can't give that. Sincerity and loyalty are intrinsic to me, but I do not defer as a matter of course. Appreciate the insight nonetheless. Hoping for the best doesn't work, however.
it wasn't a date. I just wanted to wake him up. Appear desirable but it backfired apparently.i wanted him to know how desirable i was by having other guys fuck me.this robots, is the mind of a woman! she knows that men surrounded by a women are desirable, and thus a woman surrounded by men must be desirable as well. but we all know that the exact opposite is true. men want pure devoted women, not sluts getting pumped by chad and tyrone
like I said you know full well you'd get can I be your BF talk but still did it then oh silly boyz I dont trust anyboooody :^ just grill things I guess
Reasonable response.You sure you're in the right place? This is /r9k/
I'm 20. When I come home from college, usually on holidays, I bake goods at home and go pay a visit to my neighbors. They usually invite me in, ask me how I'm doing, how's college, etc. Some of them are new, others I've known since I was a kid and petsat for them.
He just doesn't like me, does he?why would he reply then you fucking retardhe's not taking the initiative because you've been doing it the whole time. You wrote to him first, you start all the conversations, you asked him out, why would he magically know that it's now his job to arrange a second date? it's not some mind game for him, he's just trying to interact with you in the way that the two of you have always interactedask him out again, tell him you're confused or just forget about it
whore threadNot on my watch.
Lol girls thinking that guys will get jealous like girls do. This is what's wrong with people and what hey don't get.When a girl sees a guy with another girl she finds him more attractive because "if she wants him he must have value" If a guy sees a girl with a new man he thinks "oh fuck that slut, I don't want her sloppy seconds"Your entire plan was doomed for failure
My biological clock is irrelevant to that decision.you are undervaluing the power of the clock
If he were interested, he'd be making moves.Tell him you're confused or drop him entirely. He's not acting like an interested person.
Interestingly enough, I've seen both sides of this work surprisingly well or poorly. For instance, when I first moved into a university, I was surrounded by cute girls who were moderately interested in me very quickly. Why? Because I look nice and I already had a friend in the area who was a grill.So, after about a month, I made a move on one of them in kind of a classic romantic way. At this point, a boy she was already kinda seeing got defensive, and I backed off because she tried to pit us against eachother and I had plenty of other girls I would rather go for at that point.Once I turned around, I realized that all the girls had pretty much heard what happened and there was a strong tension after that point. Like I never quite understood at the time why things had suddenly changed. It took me a while to see that as the breaking point.
I sometimes wibble between wanting and not wanting kids. The answer is always the same. I can't have bio kids.
Based Chad BTFOing normie cunts.
Well, I have nothing to lose, so I'll write to him again but I'd say it's simply logical that sometimes you'll write first when you want to talk, even if the other person has always initiated before. Never initiating contact sounds like no interest to have that contact to me.
dont listen to this spergyou're doing ok, you're putting yourself out there and then it's normal if he bites he bites he is having second-thoughts which is quite common.
You're playing a retarded game on both ends.For instance, I don't text girls back immediately unless it's actually, y' know, important. Why? Because if you're busy, it makes you seem more attractive for some reason to women. The opposite doesn't hold; when a girl doesn't text me, I assume she's not interested. I.e., a girl not texting me after a meeting means that I really don't bring her any good feelings worth asking for again.

you are too young it only gets worst, your better alternative is to find a man you think is beta those are the best at raising kids.
even 12 years old boys are better at socializing with girls than my fucking selfiktf
but he doesn't want to talk, he wants to make you interested in him. You're not married, you've been on one date. The extent of what he even has to say to you is very small and spending a lot of time chit-chatting about nothing is a bad move for a guyhe's likely not writing first because you've always done it and that's the interaction you have, not because he's not interested.you're doing ok, you're putting yourself out there and then it's normal if he bites he bitesthis is the point exactly, a woman taking all the initiative specifically ISN'T normal
You fail to understand that I am morally compelled not to have biological kids because I do not wish to pass on my hearing loss.
your better alternative is to find a man you think is beta those are the best at raising kids.no they're fucking not good genes a strong father figure is needed to become functional.
hide fembot threadsignore fembot postsdo not reply to fembot postersThis is your only warning.
the Betas of the pack make themselves worthy in the eyes of the females by tanking care of the children . Do you even evolutionary psycology bitch?
I don't want to get off Spidey's Wild Ride
underrated postfuck it's actually kinda chilling just how normalized it is for females to be absolute fucking sociopaths really, in manipulating people for their own ends
had a thing with a girlshe actually makes me more miserable than happybut felt like she did love metried to put some breathing space she makes it known to me she went on a date with a guypretty sure to make me jealousmakes me want to give up on her moreconvince me to finally trash it r9k or similar stories on this sort of borderline abusive bitch
I bro-zone girls I talk to all the time. I'm pretty sure I've bro-zoned my date.
what are you even going to college for ?
this one /b/ faggotliterally reported
 No, I am not fat or uglyWell, woman are usually delusional about their looks. If you don't get a lot of attention online, chances are you aren't attractive. If you are attractive, there might be lots of reasons. Try asking your past dates sincere opinion of you.
well if your gonna be a social outcast like me dont drag a child into it, literally think of the children, look at rk9. do you want that kid to end up here when he grows up?
NEWSFLASH LADIES:If you like a guy with low self confidence just make a move. He's never going to try. Epecially not if you show up with another fucking guy!Men have a strong sense of honor and logic. When they see a girl with a guy, they take her off their list. Only the top level alpha douche bags who don't care about anyone try to take a girl who's going out with someone else.Seriously, just make a fucking move. A REAL one. Like inviting that guy out, instead of your ex. He's thinking "Oh she's still into her ex she doesn't like me or she would've asked me instead"
why doesn't sheep mentality work on males
we can think for ourselves
How crippled are we talking here
 She had no legs and half a face.
There's only one thing I know. If the story is true, OP is fat/ugly.Although maybe this is so blindingly obvious nobody has bothered to say it.
know how to win a man?give up your entire being on the chance he may reciprocateNo, thanks though. :
Ew. He's hideous. Give me a lovely MANLY man with a lovely neckbeard.
that guy overdid itbut ffs women try to be described as nurturing and supportive at least one point in your lives. you all think you can play games and just dispense misery because some beta cuck will still take it for the sake of vagina
I absolutely must be swept from my feet from the winner of my competition
I think I can raise a child fine. They won't have the problems I did.
Instead I'll try to win him by showing him how much of a slut I amGood luck with that
Half a face? Wtf? How does that even happen
How to win a manmake men struggle or insecureI don't think this is much better. It's more of a middle ground ofShow you're interested and ask
im i guy and i usually dont text first, if the girl really likes me she will text first and i dont wanna look desperate
So you say that you are willing to change your pesonality in such a radical way that your children, well your adopted children are not going to pick up on any sperg behaviour on your part.You do know that children copy a lot of the parents behaviour right?
She had no legs and half a face.HOT!!!
It's not about sperg behavior. It's about not being isolated by hearing loss or bullied growing up in a neighborhood with few children. Those contributed to my current issues-- lots of isolating factors. I can avoid that. Seriously, it will be fine. I'm not a sperg around people I'm comfortable with, and I'm steadily improving and making steps.My kid will grow up in a neighborhood with other kids his/her age, and I will make sure to arrange play dates with parents until their friendship is established. I will also put them in a lot of after school activities and not overprotect them like my parents did. They will be of the world, rather than outside it.
You really don't understand how genetics even work, do you?
Men have a strong sense of honor and logicThat's such a crock of shit. I know you like to think that, but men can be just emotional and irrational as anyone else.
beaing deaf isnt even an issue to most men but your body is
might as well just make some babys, Its not like I want to be mean but if you are going to raise a child all alone with that shady background your not gonna have any good advice to pass on to the child. might as well just go full entitled like most single mothers anon.
I know this is /r9k/ and I'm genuinely trying not to be rude, but that was moronic. I can tell you, personally, as a man, that I would have taken that as a sign that you're not interested in me/are already taken. I think it's funny how different women and men's languages of love are sometimes.
shady backgroundI also have a loving family, both parents are university professors/researchers, am going on to get a PhD, and am otherwise a well adjusted individual. I have a pretty good background. You might not "want" to be mean, but you are being incredibly rude and presumptive.My body is fine. Multiple men have been freaked out or turned off by the implants. Yes, they've come right out and said it. Hiding it under my hair doesn't help.
In HighschoolBeen hanging out with girl for a few weeksWe did homework together, played games together, sat togetherFall for herAsk her out"Um, I dunno anon I'll think about it."Well alright!End of the dayLeavingSee her making out with some guy on some stepsThe void I felt in my chest that day can't be explained. So many years ago and I still recall that pain very well.She must've seen me see her cause that was also the last day she ever spoke to me
shady background  well adjusted individualyou were saying moments ago that you dont trust men or women . you are still a broken soul anon dont try to deny it .The question here is if you are ready to drag another person into this or not.If the awnser is yes then you are not any less shitty than the people you say you hate.
That day you became a little more mature anon
I'm not broken. A little damaged, but who isn't? I'm also actively taking steps to heal.I said I don't trust men or women ONLINE. From the Internet. And that I largely see men as asexual, platonic beings due to being consistently friendzoned. I think a kid would rather be adopted into a loving home that provides for his or her needs than be shuttled through the foster care system.
ok w/e forgot to feed my cat gotta go
So many little superficial things go into attracting woman. Ask yourself, in the end is any of this even real or worth it?
Oh, look. ANOTHER "fembot" thread that is well on its way to becoming a success.Why do you people respond to this shit?
is the juice worth the squeeze?If you have a lot of will power , NOif you are a thirsty dog, Yes, if sex bot NO.If you are Chad its not even an effort.
I'd say you played this out as best as you could anon.You asked a girl out, she said no, you moved on. As long as you didn't hover around like a good orbiter, you did all the steps correctly.
I dont have the time or inclination for gamesLOL. Oh my goodness, you can't be serious. Why does every woman who posts here talk like they are in a movie?
 Men value submission, sincerety and loyalty.I can't stand submissive, passive women who can't do shit for themselves.Sincerity is good.Loyalty - don't kid yourself.
That's a terrible plan. That implies that you're seeing someone and kill what ever drive he had.
Just a quick announcement to all the femanons who try the kind of shit OP posted.This kind of stuff will simply not work on the Chad that you want. This is because he lives in the world of abundance, where he regularly gets girls. As such, he finds absolutely no reason to participate in your little mindgames or fall for your shit tests, when he can simply hook up with a girl who doesn't bring her ex around to prove a point. Furthermore, this kind of behavior is actually very unattractive to high-value guys the guys you would want because it communicates you have the maturity of a teenage girl and have no assets other than mindgames or superficial beauty that could be used to reel him in.The only type of a guy this sort of a technique would work on is the beta provider, madly infatuated with you. Because of insecurities and thirst, any signal that you might be disinterested will trigger a cascade of hysteria inside of him, making him literally do anything to win your affections. This kind of a guy will lose nights over you, overanalyzing why exactly you brought your ex to the party; he will be willing to do absolutely everything for you, no matter what.But of course you will never want such a guy.And so the absolutely hilarous cycle of love continues. It's nothing new to be honest, The Miller's Tale by Chaucer dates back to the 14th century and tells a story about Chad, Stacy, a robot and a cuck... in my opinion a must read.
Well, I don't. They're confusing and a waste of time. So... I don't have the time or inclination for them. I either say what I think or hold my counsel and let it go.
maybe that's where girls learn about relationshipscould explain a lotincluding why I've lost my ability to fire laser bolts from my eyes
Sorry I'm late guys.
Friend zone this 2/10 girl that's annoyingshe dates some other guy in the meanwhile that is also a 2/10one of our mutual friends says she is trying to make me jealouswomen are a meme
You were making sense up until you started that alpha/beta bullshit.
leavereadkickDon't know what thats supposed to be
Leave, Flesh, Risk? What exactly does that describe?
crushleavemaniachmm..
 Crush Bail FoolWelp, I can take thw hint...
either sayin that to make you jealous which is fucking dumb, or she actually did it and didn't care.you were an offical thing, right?
nakeddreadcrush
trash it you cucka woman who doesn't make you feel happier in any way is utterly worthless
todois
about a year agoex starts flirting with another guy fairly regularlyobviously pisses me off, tell her to cut that shit out but she ignores meblatantly does it right in front of me, guy compliments her tits and such and she giggles etc., feel like I'm being turned into a cucktell her I'm breaking up with her because she's a fucking slutshe immediately stops talking to the other guy and pleads with me to get back together with hersays she was just doing it "to make me jealous because I haven't been giving her much attention lately"this is after countless times she sat there not saying anything when we hung out and when I asked her what's wrong she said "nothing" and got mad when I persisted in trying to find outWHY DON'T YOU RETARDED CUNTS JUST SAY WHAT THE FUCK YOU'RE THINKING? WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BULLSHIT AROUND AND PISS US OFF FOR NO REASON?Obviously I did not take her back, too much bullshit. She still asks me sometimes if I'll get back together with her. Fucking no. Women are almost all batshit.
secretmanfleshdamn right
this this this. fuck that bitch and the guy she was flirting with, I would've broken up with her and broke his nose for disrespecting me.
Where do you guys even find these women?Do you just attract psychopaths?
medical men saying I know how woman are.jpg
first, mind games. you fell for the shit test of being offended. i would of just dumped her right away doing that shit in front of you like the true alpha man i am
real life is like my moveysI know anon it wasnt that cool, meh
Some people have simply not been taught any better though.I would give them one chance, as in "cut that shit out, I don't like it".And if they do, good.If they don't, then you break up.
i was joking, i'm no alpha, more like a sigma.usually you are supposed to be taught this shit. my father figure passed when i was at the ripe age of 13, when your father is supposed to teach you this shit.i had to learn the hard way. none of that redpill pick up bullshit. just self-reflection really
well my father is the most omega human being I've ever seenhe has less friends than me
This. And if you can't be that, just be nice. You aren't men, people actually find your submisdive traits appealing.
be nice for a few days"g-give up my entire being"And this is why you're in r9k. You unironically think being a decent person is an imposdible task
OR OR OR you could straight up tell him you like him ever though of that you dumb cunt
b-but she doesn't want to come off as a slut!
botsinsession
BailRageManiacSounds good
bailthecrushalready done.. what nowbail lustfoolsounds solid
MFW r9k says talking to girls is hardMFW r9k says rejection is soul shatteringLITERALLY gives "just talk to him girl what's the worse that can happen just b urself" advicekeks were had lads, many thanks
people actually find your submisdive traits appealing.
feelpresenthate
malicecrushmemeI don't understand .
baillustfoolHmm..........
Secretly liking someone only works if they already like you back.Nop
hmm
suicide,scum,passion
ayy lmao
this threadhmm
My last gf did it to me.Would invite guy friends over when I was over, etc. Constantly asked me if I cared.Ofc I didn't give a fuck, so she got mad that I wasn't possessive enough.Fuck women.
some guy isn't interested in opshe tries some psycho bitch jealousy tacticdoesn't work, guy still isn't interestedThat's not the friendzone.. He's not interested and your little jealousy trick probably made him like you even less.
I've never heard a single person say "I treat you like a little sister."I'm quite sure this post is fake.Will need to do more detective work.
guy gets friend-zone by girl stop being so entitled you fucking beta you're ugly and a losergirl gets friend-zone by guyI DESERVED HIM CRAWLING TO ME WITHOUT PULLING NO EFFORT AT AAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLWomen these days.....
like a guyhe doesn't make a moveI'll make him jealous, that'll fucking show himSo you don't really like him, then?
They also think that if they hang around with guys, other guys will find her more attractiveits basically projection 101Girls find Chads who bang lots of girls attractive , they figure this means if they do something similar then they'll be considered attractive.
FUCKING CUNTSALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS SAY YOU LIKE THEMWHY DO YOU DO THIS PASSIVE BULLSHIT WE ARENT PSYCHIC
A girl once told me she liked me. I ignored her, walked away and cut all contact with her.this was less than a year ago and she was fucking cute
TFB
Girls are hurt more by rejection than guys. The system exists to protect themselves.if I had to go this far to get your attention, you don't deserve me
FUCK OFF STACEY.FUCK OFF NORMIES.
try to make him jealouswomen want men to argue with them and fight for their loveholy fucking shit
Crush Secret Naked
Now do you get it when people say girls want to be controlled?
I don't why girls don't have the balls to just come out and say that they like a guy. Oh wait...

This is true for me as well. I wonder how many of us are out there, men who have left the field. Of course, even if there are a lot of us plenty more will get sucked right in again when those wrinkles start showing up and she gets desperate.
happened to me. Only absolute whores do this though
This guy knows what's up
I know it's not healthy or correctHow?
my entire being consists of the rancid pussy hole between my legs and near my stink assholei thought women were vapid but damn
try and make him jealousI hope that's what the girl I'm crushing on is doing to me when she goes out on a date tomorrow night. Or maybe I'm just legitimately in the friendzone and she doesn't like me like that.
do you have the original pic
Men don't work like women do.Women like taken men.Men don't want anything to do with taken women.
I want a certain boyto get him, I'm going to show him I'm getting back with my ex???why doesn't this boy want meI literally can't believe how fucking retarded of an idea that is. He saw you with your ex, thought "Oh, she isn't over him". Even if he DID want to be with you before, now he's absolutely sure you are still hung up on your ex.
I Don't know if this thread is bait or not. Regardless, I am super fucking mad and all my worrying and overthinking directed towards women from high school until now has only been to been proven to be reasonable.I really wish i wasn't so hard on myself when I was younger
females can never be friendzoned, unless you don't offer your one-itis blowjobs. if you don't blow, you don't win
You got pre-emptively friendzoned.
try to make him jealousprotip: this literally NEVER works. only thing that happens is the guy thinks you're a whore and fucks off to play vidya at home
mfw i have tucked in most of my girl friends into bedwould be down to fuck any of themtucking them in is the most intimate, non-committal thing I can do as a passive beta
fucked over by your own self-inflicted manipulationO HO HO HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
You need male genitals to think logically
like the true alpha man i amOh boy, you almost had me
enjoy what robots feel every day, except no friends and no ex
nakedmensecretThat's me
crushtheseawtf dose that mean?
I'm 18, in case you want a role reversal relationship
What is a valid argument against its existence?
See custody of kids,
individual cases where it can be proven but no whole concept of a proof beyond a vague systematic boogeyman.there's also literally no way to "stop" people from being their definition of racist
That feel when no weeaboo girlfriend who has never been kissed before.
The only ones that are kissless past 18 are 350lbs+ landwhales.
tfw you fall asleep hugging your pillow wishing it was someone who loved youI know that feel, OP.
That's fine I could lose a few pounds too let's go for a run together.
girlpast 18kisslessLOLSorry pal once you pass high school, every girl has been touched once
tfw 3/10 weeb coworker obsessed with meshe's annoying as fuck and won't stop pestering me about tiny shit like watching her favorite anime entry level shither friend told me she plans to ask me out to coffeereally not interested on any levelcan't refuse without looking like an assholehave to spend $5 to talk to someone I don't care about for a few hoursqt weeb girls are a myth don't bother
Every girl has been kissed by 18 at the very latest. That's just something you'll have to get over.
tfw anime isnt irl
Is that you, Niji?
You could just not get anything to drink, if the $5 bugs you so much. She might get the hint, too.
any girl past 18kissless
I know like two, but one is ugly and the other is a crazy feminist who looks like a boy.
That feel when no mentally unstable gf raised by crazy cultists
hey /r9k/! I found a video I thought you guys might find funny ;  
, 
Femanons why do you come here? Do you like to laugh at us? Do you think we are cute or funny?
former
Because I have no friends and feel like I don't deserve happiness. So I shut myself away from the world in this tiny room with nothing but a computer and fantasies.
How many females have you seen timestamp and post here?There are no females just angry teenagers trying to troll you
Post ass.
Where is that picture taken? Is that a pool? Looks classy as fuuuuuck
who is this trouser rouser?
Lonely. There are definitely cute robots on this board that ive seen. Shame 90% of you all have such toxic personalities.
please be my gf
I don't deserve happiness
idk m8 it's some girl I'm talking to, it looks like a museum or some shit. What should I say?yeah but what about us tho?I think there are quite a few angry femanons as well
haha you see a guy in robes who isn't hefner you immediately know he's full of shit
the bantz
I laugh with you.
What? You don't think were funny?
Does anyone know where the girl in the picture is at? Looks pretty nifty.
sheeeeiiiiit

christ, kid. you need to spoiler high caliber cringe next time.
You should ask her where its taken. I assumed museum too but the reflection does make it look like a pool, there's that thing that looks like a diving boars on the bottom left.Tel her you and her should fuck in the pool and then you can be the new art piece there
I've been there before
Thanks, this pool gives me a raging hardon.
I know dude, I become complete spaghetti when I'm around hot chicks. help me
No, because i'm genuinely lonely. I just want to find a virgin guy and take our virginities together and be together for the rest of our lives, playing vidya or watching his chinese cartoons with him or reading comics together, to be able to have a cute and in general pure relationship with little to no fighting, no cheating or kids. It's just in general hard to find a guy who is willing to commit to me like that and I just won't accept anything else. I don't even get it, I'm average looking too and for the most part pretty okay to be around.
I don't feel like I fit in anywhere, so I come here. Robots get mad at me a lot though.
It's surprising how many guys I know that look for exactly that in a femanon. But it would never work out. We're all here for a reason, and it'd just be socially awkward, you're more likely to ignore/deter each other rather than attract, especially since both of you wont even be able to take the steps to make it happen.The most I can offer really is something of a friendship for the gaming/anime side of things, but considering I'm insanely depressed and struggling to even cope with day to day life, that's not exactly a lot.Shit I don't think you'll even get anything out of this place.
no kids Dropped.
I'm depressed and have been cast out in the real world.
Holy moly I wanna go there
Disney is funny. You guys are like anti disney.
because I used to have cripplingly low self-esteem and like to once-in-a-while help those that have been in my position find a sense of self-love. Even if it's just a little glimmer of hopealso I met my husband on /r9k/, and like to tell other robots about it when relevant. There's hope, guys.
Not OP, but it's the Hearst Castle indoor swimming pool. I was there in my early teens and got an awkward erection from the naked statues.
no kids forever? just hanging out together? sounds good, too bad im old, fat and not a virgin.
Where are you from and when can we meet up?
disney is funnywtf are you even talking about
I am cute.No roastie "femanon" will ever have my cute penis.Go away whores.
You sound super sweet. Too bad I live a million miles from anywhere and everywhere.
also I met my husband on /r9k/, and like to tell other robots about it when relevantIt wasn't relevant in this thread. Kill yourself, cuntwhore bitch.
Sorry, but I just rather not pass on my shitty genetics onto another generation of people who suffer from what I have and other family members have. I'm not sadistic.I know, it's just meh. Maybe one day something will be different.
other robotsYOU DO NOT FIT THE FUCKING STANDARD YOU NORMIE. FUCKING HI IM STACEY I MARRIED CHAD WHO I MET ON YOUR SITE LOL.
but I just rather not pass on my shitty genetics onto another generation of people.Amen to that, I actually really hate life and find it insanely dull and depressing, why in the world would I want to bring a child up in this environment? I'm awful with children as it is, I'd be a shitty father.You'd have to look on a different board, I think. Or just away from 4chan altogether, can't say I've seen many, if any people getting together and it being successful. Though I can't really speak for /soc/.What kind of games/anime are you into? Got any other hobbies besides those?
Quite a bit actually. How long have you been here?
tfw fembot gfActually it sucks. She's kind of a degenerate and we're nothing alike but she's extremely clingy regardless.
Why do I come here I don't know. I have a hard time talking to people in real life, going anon is relieving.Kv at 20 maybe I'm ugly but I think I'm average. I don't want to get a bf anyways, having 3 friends is already stressful.I think robots are ok but a bit too prideful. Look at iq threads, all claim 140 plus. They have shit taste too, look at the crush threads. Many girls posted wear excessive makeup, show boobs, or look whore like in general. Funny how you are in love with the very same women you hate.R9k is fun if you ignore memes, generals, and tripfag threads. Pepe rares and poopoopeepee times were the absolute worst.
Oh look at you. Judging others. Making sweeping generalizations. Why can't all of you just leave.
In my mindset I relate to people and problems here more than any other board. Also I like to read the stories of other people and their lives.
implying robots don't do the sameI bet you have a whore like crush
I've been on /r9k/ since the birth of /r9k/. I've been on /r9k/ beforecucksaspiesnormieschadbefore people would get away with using bl0xalphas/betasbitches/whores, beaches/shores, etcJohnbefore m00t pulled the plug on the board the first timeI was on /r9k/ when we were originally 'gentlemen' and we praised the robot for granting us deep discussions about brain language and syntax, and whether or not Hiroshima was fully necessary.So actually, what's happening right now is that we were here first, and you've polluted our site.
before Johnholy shit, how long have we been here?
Hurr I'm a normie fag who thinks this is my board.Fuck off wageslave.
no friendsno jobfeels more like home than anywhere else on the interneti'm a social retard so there's that.
hurr I'm an autist that showed up here five minutes agobet you've never even seen this picture before
Damn...your self descriptions I look for in a girl. It sucks, there's not a lot of them around.
well i'm a dyke and i got hurt really badly by every girl ive ever been in love with so i come here and pretend to be a guy because you're the only people who i can cry to about women
dykes aren't welcome here
where do you live?depending on my haircut/beard i range from 6 to 8/10
poopoopeepeeworstholy shit bitch get the fuck out of here
tfw infpi know that feeling but i'm a guy and i've had gf but they don't want to cooperate. i wish i was dead.
Femanons why do you come here?By diagnose, /r9k/ is my natural habitat. Do you like to laugh at us?Not really. But sometimes I can't help it. Other times I just want to cry.Do you think we are cute or funny?Both.And pathetic.
One of my friends talks about this place all the time so I pass through once in a while to see what all the hubbub is about.
also i dont watch chinese cartoons. and we will have at least 1 kid but not soon.
fart
Are you American?
I come here for two reasons. Firstly, to tell you that the girls you want are still real, even if they are admittedly hard to get. Secondly, to try and help. I'm contently married, so I'm not looking to be interested in anyone, but I can try and give advice as needed.
Well, what is your advice then?
I come on here for the same reason some people watch reality shows: to see how the other half lives.
Depends on your situation, and what you are asking.
They are males who pretend to be female for attention.
i think we need to ask questionswhat is the point of life?
Man you sure managed to get a lot of replies with this shitpost. I salute you
What is the point of life?That depends on the person. Speaking in a general sense, to live as best as you can, and do your best to leave the world as good as you found it.
tfw all I want is a fat fembot gfI'm a fat robot.
You're a whoooooooooooooooooore.And your husband is a cuck.
Where do you live?
Only man I've ever been sexual with is my husband, and that only happened after he proposed.Don't know how that makes me a whore.
well that advice just makes it seem like you want me to kill myself.leave nothing but footprints, take nothing but photographs. we are here because the best we can live isn't enough and all we do is take.
Typical whore logic.
Perhaps you shouldn't look to strangers for that kind of advice, and ask more practical questions.K.
perhaps you shouldn't offer me advice from the fancy fucking balcony of your happy castle.
I don't know what my situation is.. I used to think that there must be a perfect match, and if it's not perfect then it's not worth it but... Everyone has both flaws and cons... I also thought that the connection will be more pure if we both would be vergins, but I know that after the age of 20-25 you can't find vergins anymore..
I haven't always had a castle, and I haven't always been happy. I've been homeless, in fact. Also was molested as a child. How about you? Lived a life with no hassles, and then when you became an adult, you realized you never grew a spine, so you went to a doctor and got labeled Bi polar, Borderline, Autistic, or Depressed?Some people on this board want to overcome their obstacles. Others want to hide away in an echo chamber that tells them that not facing your problems is ok.Which are you?
Nobody is perfect. Having standards on the number of sexual partners is completely understandable, but also realize that mistakes are made poor choice of your first time and accidents happen you were intensely loyal to your husband until he died due to some freak accident. You have the right to say, "No hymen, no diamond." But I think raising the number of sexual partners to even just 1 would be more reasonable.But, in the end, it's your life, and if a woman having even one other partner is something you couldn't get over, no matter the circumstances, then that's your choice. You just live with the consequences.As a side note, you will never find a "perfect" partner. It will always take work to maintain, from both sides. It's just a question of whether you think that person is worth the work.
Truthfully? I have a fetish for KVs. Even better if they're KHHVs.
Other married femanon, here.Are you me? Wasn't molested but got my own traumas that I've worked through.Where'd you meet your husband?
Be my gf
pls be in london
I met him at work. I was dating someone else when I met him, so we didn't get the chance to date right away. Took about 6 months, as the man I WAS dating for two years refused to move out from his mother's despite having a 30 dollar per hour job. Relationship was stagnant, so I gave someone else a shot.
tfw refrains from dating because I have a bad habit of dumping men after taking their virginities I'm sorry, anon. You'd be much better off without me. I love KHHVs but the magic goes away after I corrupt them.
nope. my obstacles can't be overcome because i am the obstacle, i'm not giving you a fucking sob story and i'm not here to hide in an echo chamber. i'm here because i'm working up the courage to face the pain of a slow death as i don't have access to a gun.
Thanks, I have had this idea in my head +had someone else tell me this. I know what I should do, just change phases in my head till I can come to accept this idea. The saddest thing is that I have a girl I really like but she said she can't make physical contact with anyone because she was raped when she was young and she doesn't believe that a man that could understand her exists, and I didn't know how to tell her that I have no problem with that...
That's a good reason to dump someone.When'd you realize you wanted to marry your husband?
If you wanted to die, you would find a way. Whether it's a knife to the heart, or shoulder tackling a train, you would find a way.And of course you are your obstacle. You either need to get over that, or look into train schedules.
and patheticHow so?
but then how am i going to leave a suicide self-portrait in my blood?if you want to become a ghost you need to do it right, you fucking retard.
because she says she was raped when she was young.She has her own problems to get over. You can help her with that, but you better be ready for a lot of couples counseling. I've seen couples conquer it, but it is a real commitment and test of their strength.I conquered it by refusing to let my molestation hinder my life, and forcing myself into uncomfortable situations as often as I could. First time I had sex was with the man who would become my husband, and it was a very awkward first time for both of us. Very slow, and lots of stopping. He never let me feel out of control.
Presuming you care about anyone else but yourself, the only right way to do it is to go someplace very isolated, and kill yourself there, will nobody will find your body until LONG after everybody has stopped looking.
is there anything sadder than this?... :
My life.
That shit stopped being sad after seeing it twice. Pic related was sadder.
Still scares the shit out of me. Never was sad, it actually gave me chills and still does.
 be 52 had 1 gf in 8 th grade have no friends just drink everyday  it gets worse as you get olderCheers
Here's a man with good taste, and the feels of the Last Shooting :
Texhnolyze

holy shit
Perhaps this?
Well, it seems like you've got nothing to lose. Do a fuckton of acid and shrooms until you permafry or get your head back straight on your shoulders.
What's your favorite anime?
Remember watching Ultraman in Taiwan, the extent of my anime
My life
Yes
please post pic
In the desertI saw a creature, naked, bestial,Who, squatting upon the ground,Held his heart in his hands,And ate of it.I said, Is it good, friend?It is bitterbitter, he answered;But I like itBecause it is bitter,And because it is my heart.
girl takes off her pantsgets into bed with youyou try to make a move"Wtf anon? I'm not like that, I'm a lady."Your response?Yes, the scenario I described has actually happened
"kek, I'm ready when you are"proceed to play runescape on laptop
what do you wanna do? just cuddle?'i mean totally fine by me
Bitch get your 5$ ass out of my 1000$ bed
happened to me too, except she still had her panties on and she didnt say that... she went home with me after a party on which we furiously made out on.my reaction: keep smiling and kissing and try again and again... didnt quite work though.and when she put on nirvana "rape me" I kinda had enough, I was tired and didnt feel like gettin lead on to "fake rape sex" and getting v& the next day
Cuddle I prefer it anyway
Fucking this shit happened to me twice by the same girl. After the second time when I drove her home the next morning she asked me if I wanted to hang out with her and her friends. Ain't tryna be no bf though. Ya know what I'm saying?
If a man wears a cop's uniform, i'd assume he's a cop. you're wearing a willing whore's outfit...
m8 wtf, tell her to suck your dick that fucking second or to gtfo of your house
Be me2amCall from my oneitis"Hey I'm near you, need a place to stay?"My room is piss jugstake her to nearby cheap hotelWe get into bed togetherShe cuddles up to me, I hold her Next morning"Anon, what the fuck? I was drunk last night, why were you hold my hands?"u-uh I was asleep... guess I just acted in my sleep... hehGet home, cry, delete every contact I have with her
"Wtf anon? I'm not like that, I'm a lady."I apologise profusely, I misread your signals. I shall stand guard at the end of the bed whilst you wnjoy your rest
Who else at work right now?
Who else at work right now?Ready for another day of challenges!
Security here. End me.
How do I get a job?
What the fuck are those shoes you're wearing? They look edgy as fuck.
Do security guards literally just sit in one spot all night?Sounds like my dream job to be honest.
"student security"basically just sit at a desk for 6 hours till 2 am$11/hr, getting raised to $13 in Januaryit's gonna be a real pity when I graduate and work at McDonalds
 At the company I'm contracted at, on my shift graveyard, I sit here pretty much all night until 6ish AM when everyone starts coming to work and it gets a little busy for about two hour. Also do rounds every other hour. It sounds easy but it's so fucking slow.
, 
tfw no ottermode bf
/fit/ pls go
tfw no lenin bf
That isn't otter mode.
what is ottermode?
Slight muscle definition and a slender, twinkish but not quite waist.That dude is pretty ripped.
Essentially a swimmers body, hence the name
pics?
Meet Elliot Rodger's brother.
sto posting yourself
SOMEONE SCREEN SHOT THIS. WE CALLED IT HERE FIRST BOYS
Calling satire now.
faggot from omegle threads trying to be funny and shilling his own autistic videosl m a o

The Ultimate Gentleman? The Superior Gentleman? The Master Gentleman? What shall we dub him?
yea its satire. hes faking it lol. You can hear a baby downstairs probably his kid or something. He also has gym videos of him boxing, hes just trolling
Fuck you, nigger.
5 billion people and we don't have another like Elliot...
basically this and saged
apparently bad acting and shit posting is all it takes to be the new supreme gentleman. Oh how times have fucking changed.
This guy expects women to just fall in his lap. He thinks women aren't giving him a chance when it's him who is too beta to take the initiative and just rape the bitch. These people are dangerous! Scary there are so many of them out there.
if women want to be raped why are there currently 2 million men in prison for raping girls?
In America, more incarcerated men are raped every year than free women. Think about that.
He actually made a couple good points early on, but I would apply what he said to both genders. Seems like he's singling out women when these behaviors are seen in all kinds of people.He is also a bit strange. It's wrong to assume he's a serial killer waiting to happen, but he is an odd spoken man. Probably why girls avoid him.
oh shut up
Why do you say that?
What time in the video was there a baby cry? I didn't hear shit except for his autistic fagass
This
, 
Who /kratom/ here?
What's that
I wish I was comfy but all I got is beer which is gonna give me a hangover tomorrow and give me maybe an hour of comfiness
It's an opiate plant you can legally buy over the internet, it works pretty good if you have no tolerance to opiates and it's cheap
Is it something you can take everyday?
I kratom OP! Ive been taking it for over a year now. Its my favorite sit-down-and-watch-movies drugJust like any drug, taking it every day will cause you to gain a tolerance to its effects. However its probably only slightly more harmful than marijuana in its tolerance build up and addiction potential I had a friend who used it probably 4 or 5 times a week for about a year and was able to keep his tolerance in check
Its my favorite sit-down-and-watch-movies drugmah niggaI took it everyday for 2-3 weeks with only a minor increase in tolerance, there's people who take it multiple times daily for pain and it seems to be working fine for them
I'm gonna give this stuff a try. Just ordered an ounce of "White Vein Thai Kratom" online.What are the effects like? Is it fun to play vidya or listen to music while on it?
How do I into Kratom? Can I just order it? Is it safe and fun?
How do you guys take yours? I put mine capsules. Honestly, it doesn't really do much for me. I've taken a shit load of capsules at a time.
At low doses it can be stimulation and at higher doses it can be relaxing and act as a painkiller, it's perfect for relaxingYeah just order it online, most places have "starter packs" that contain a whole bunch of sample strainsI take about a tablespoon~7g and just mix it with hot or boiling water, let it cool, and chug it
Good choice! White veins are a little more energetic than green or red, so it should be perfect to relax but also play some vidya! Honestly though, i dont find that it improves music at allYup! Personally I use authentickratom.com. There's always a coupon for free shipping and some % off on the front page. Try one of the mang da strains!Its fun and about as safe as caffeine. Just watch your use and heartrate! Youll be poppin caps all night that way. I usually take 5 to 8 grams in a session and a capsule cant even fit 0.5 grams.I use a $10 scale, put a business card on it, and weigh out 2 grams at a time. Then just drink a little juice, head back, pour kratom into mouth and swallow. It can be tricky but it just takes a few fuck ups to remember to not lean forward before swallowing
I don't tolerate Opiates very well. Feel ill from them, vomit, then extreme irritability coming off of them. Took 200mg tramadol earlier, feel like utter shit... IDK why I do this to myself.
I mixed about 6 grams of kratom in some yogurt and i didn't feel anything
Thanks for the juice suggestion. The powder is bitter as fuck and I've been looking for ways to take it. The capsules were pretty much the only way I could tolerate it.
I have quite the treat for you today.I wrote a program to randomly modify a set of pictures, and save them to a folder.I inserted various common pepes into the program, and with a little computer magic, I have created what many of you have only dreamed of.I have created the rarest of all pepes - completely virgin, not even seen by their creator.Roll trips and I will send you the folder. Whatever you do though... Don't open it.
More Pepe is needed here
faggot
fuck man really want trips
A true pepe crafter eh?
rollin'
posting
I'll go for it
trips pls
Roll
yzbuclto@getairmail.comtrips when
Re-roll
Best thread in months, good job OP.
roll
i like to shit my pants and sleep in my own puke
I'm going to post the album on reddit
CHECK EM
check em1dsje5+da305e1f494v4@sharklasers.com
I usually dont take intrest in pepes, but ill give this a shot.
AHHHHHH
WELL FUCK
LINK PLEASE
Where's my pepe OP?
The Pepe's were a lie? Oh Pee Pleeeeeaseeeee ;_;
OP always delivers brother, fear not.
Lies.
, 
Who /wageslave/ here?Stare at computer screen all dayBarely do any workBoss emails about wanting somethingIt's fucking impossible - no tables in the database to join and get this infoDon't want to respond to email, several people CC'dGotta have it by FridaySpend rest of day calculating odds of being fired if I tell them to fuck offEveryday I go to this place and wonder why the fuck I have to spend my prime years in a cube. Fucking hell, I have no life experience outside school and now work. I'm going to die a wageslave KV...Tell me your wageslave stories, robots.
My job is making signs. It's pretty chill as far as manual labor jobs go. I guess you could call it skilled, but that's a bit of a stretch. I get handed a sheet of vinyl sticker that's been laser cut by a machine with the right design on it, then I pick off all the excess pieces to leave the design of the sign on the paper. if anyone cares about the process I can continue
A professional sticker picker lmaoShit, that sounds more engaging than this mindnumbing office job...
My current job is pretty sweet.I work with a friend and this old guy unloading shipment trucks at a retail store. we unload, send the stuff down the line to be processed. There's about 20 people back there, us in charge. Everybody is just joking around and shit the whole time. If it wasn't only 10 bucks an hour I'd do it forever.Is there any manual labor jobs that don't need too much schooling or shit and pay good 50k+
that's not all I do ;_;put tape on top of the whole thingget the metal blank sign, position the vinyl/tape/paper on there tape it down on one sideput it through a machine with rollers that pinch it tight so there aren't any air bubblesflip it over on the tape hinge, peel back the paper exposing the sticky vinyl and other taperun it through the roller machine again to press the vinyl letters/shapes downfinally, peel all of the tape offsometimes the blank signs we have aren't the right size so I have to get the giant sheets of aluminum or plastic and cut them with a machinefor 12 an hour with no college education it's not the worst thing I could be doing
Monitoring this thread
don't need too much schooling or shit and pay goodnot really, no anonunfortunately
oh i forgot to mention that if I fuck up somehow it doesn't matter because my grandpa, uncle, and dad work there + own the business - I'll never be fired unless I have a personal fight with themI also take ~15 minute breaks instead of 10, and spend probably 40 minutes a day shitting on the clock
Well I'm getting a bachelor's in CS, an associates as well.What manual labor could I do with this. I just want to move around
That's the thing, I think. Most people in the office I know would rather work outside or do something physical, but the pay just isn't there. Your job does sound pretty cool, though.Professional sticker picker, metal sheet cutterupper. 12/hr not bad at all, though.
boss wants program to do somethingtry to do it but program keeps timing out and crashing because database is fuck hugetell this to boss and he gets pissed and says he will figure it out and sends me a link to website he read Its a new version of program with additional features and shit and alot of the bugs were worked out"we cant be paying to upgrade our software so you are going to have to figure it out with the stuff we have"I give up
pirate it
Well said, brother. Always limited by the system, and it sucks.
Its on a server and everything is outdated and since this is a national company they just cant unless a higher up "someone even higher than my boss" decides to put the money forward to upgrade it.But this whole thing is stupid when you fucking consider the team of 7 people cant even control the tools they have. The guy who actually has the power to do anything is in new york and he never even touches out team outside of holiday emails not to mention he just sits here twiddling his thumbs continually complaining about inefficiency whilst downsizing multiple departments and outsourcing as much as he can.
stack boxes all dayit's over 100 degreestfw no ac
He's probably embezzling, too,I do not envy you one bit. Godspeed, brother.
I paint inside and outside buildings at a large state university. I don't go to class there, I just paint. I show up in the morning, my boss gives me a work order, I put my headphones in and I paint. Sometimes I get to patch walls or pressure wash stuff which is exciting. My bosses like me because I work hard, do a good quality job, always finish my work on time and don't complain, so I have good job security. It's not about the money. I get paid $25/hr and get good benefits but that's not important. I would legitimately go off the deep end or outright kill myself if I wasn't doing some kind of manual labor to keep me from thinking about how lonely I am. I am not good at video games and am mediocre at the things I consider myself best at besides painting. Sometimes I have to climb ladders to reach high ceilings in 5 or 6 floor stairwells. I might have an "accident" someday but right now things are looking up.
Got an internship for the summer.They gave me my own computer, cubicle, desk, they're putting me through the same training as the new hires and putting me on a project. They're also paying for my apartment while I live here, and paying me on top of it just $15 an hour but whatever.I guess I'm an interning wageslave? It's a cubicle farm with office politics and banter. But I enjoy the programming and I can come late, leave early, take as long of a lunch as I want. I spent one day messing around and another day doing a lot of work just because I wanted to. I get free access to using supercomputers for whatever pet project I have.
That sounds nice. I hope you find the answer to your loneliness.
Oh shitThat's a very decent pay. What experience do you have?
work at a laser tag placethe arena is hot as balls with all these people running aroundnot to mention we have a fog machine that will fucking smother youkids not putting vests up properly, or just throwing them around the vesting area
That sounds vaguely neat anon
stare at computer all daytake/make phone calls to faggots all across the countrydo a shitty weekly reportthankless jobshitty bossat least i'm not a nigger
thanks anonI worked as a temp there for one year and now I've been permanent for four. I previously worked for a family friend that flipped houses who also works at the university and gave me a recommendation. I think the best part is that I can go to the store or something after work in my dirty paint bibs and people will hire me to paint for them so I get lots of untaxed cash. Campus buildings are much more relaxing though, houses have to be done very quickly and cleanly which is a taxing combination but they gave me a good head start to get hired on.
why are there so many of these today? i think this is honestly the 8th or 9th one i've seen today.
been looking for a job for months get job offer todayits a construction job nearly an hour awayless than ten dollars an hourmfwhope I find something else soon...
Maybe it's because tomorrow is Wednesday, and it seems unbearable at this time of night. Or maybe that's just me.
I screw the lids on jars and put cotton in bottles of supplements on an assembly line for 8 hours a day.
How much does that pay, if you don't mind my asking? Do you enjoy it, by chance?
complaining about being a wageslavejob consists of looking at a computer monitor and emailingCome back when you're a cashier or fast food worker for minimum wage.
$10 an hour. Kinda want to kill myself.
Complaining more about the immense stretch of gray that is my life. I don't want anything, I don't remember anything, I don't look forward to anything. As I mentioned in my post, I'm just a little miffed that modern society's solution to life is working away 45 years of it, if you're lucky.
Hell, 61 years of it, if you include school and college. Goddamn, when do I get to live a life I want to live.
have plenty of restaurant experience but need a short stint of employment somewhere close to meend up getting temporary job that is literally washing, sorting, and labelling bottlescan never ever do enough work during a shiftcoworkers are lazy as fuck, can tell i bust my ass so constantly give me shit to dobosses are high class, uptight snake oil salesmenconstantly getting papercuts on the same fucking spots on my fingers
When you've retired, the worlds changed completely and you're too old to even do anything.But that's life anon! Hahahahahaha!....ahhh.
My feelings exactly. So fucking depressing.
Working six days this week, roughly ten hour shifts of high-intensity physically and mentally demanding work. line cook at a famous restaurantMy one day off was today and I had to go to work anyway because it's the mandatory all-staff meeting where they demo the new recipes, notes on where to improve etc.It sucks but I can dry my tears later with the cash accumulated from my overtime.
I just failed at the interview stage of sorting packages and loading up delivery vans. I've been getting nowhere applying at mostly retail and service jobs and I was actually feeling positive about maybe getting the job.
be weak pussy who can't follow directions easilywork manual labor with a very uptight female bossno other jobs in townI'm fucked
Since you turn in a majority of apps online, what emial do you use? Am i supposed to have an email of myname@gmail to look professional for wagecuckery?
work at grocery store for the summercame back just in time to work in the garden centeronly like 3 or 4 people in the whole store are trained in the garden stuff I did it while I was in high schoolend up getting tons of solo shifts and lots of hoursbasically what it entails iswater plantssell plants to old peoplemove plants aroundsit on my ass whenever nobody is around and all of my daily tasks are doneIt's really comfy, I can work at my own pace and I get to see the nice blue sky all day long. Also, the people who buy flowers are less retarded than the customers inside of the store for the most part.
I have a BS in biochem, what can I do with it? I dont want to fucking do lab work at a shitty academic research lab though. those medical technicians would be nice but they all want certification too so fuck
I got a summer job at an Amusement Park because of an /r9k/ post about how easy it is to get jobs there. They didn't even ask for a resume and it's actually pretty fun working there, plus full seasons pass.Thanks random anon who posted that, you're the only reason I actually have something on my resume now.
pretty much, I do sgoldstein[area code]@hotmail.com
Yes, you need something that represents your name as an email address. Many people use first.lastname@gmail, but you can modify if it is taken.
thanks cucksi may have just realized why i never got emails back
what was the email you were using?
well i'm not going to say my main email but it was a forum account for gamefaqs i used almost 12 years ago. final fantasy related, fuck me
TFW don't have a traditional jobTFW started stock trading onlineTFW my job is literately me looking at a graph and hoping it goes into my favour.TFW this takes 1-2 hours a dayTFW make at least $200 a day if not more
be hardworking wageslavebarely make enough money to get bywork 60 sometimes 80 hrs a weekalways the team player, go the extra mile for everyonetoday was my annual "performance review"got graded "average" across the board. "meets expectations but does not exceed them"why the hell am i doing this again? please kill me.
kek, you fucking autist
where to learn?
WAGESLAVE UPRISING WHEN??
These performance reviews are bullshit. The more your boss likes you/takes notice, the better the review. If you just work hard in the background, it will never benefit you. It's all a normie popularity game.
I use Plus 500, it's based in the UK but works in Canada and Australia.Does not work in the U.S tho. It has a demo mode where you can practice before risking real money.
WHEN THEY TAKE AWAY OUR GODDAMN STAPLERS, WE WILL BURN THIS BITCH TO THE GROUND!
worked a year in industrytfw realized office work isn't for me and wanted to kill myselfI fucked up big time. The thing about the office job CS major is that it paid really well and that was just an internship but it was fucking soul crushing.What's the alternative? Ignore my degree but and work in shitty retail, or manual labour for fuck all pay? I wish I could get autism bucks.
How do I into wageslavecore without having a mental breakdown.

You and I are soul brothers. Exact same situation here. I think I realized in my senior year that I was going into the wrong field, but it was too late. Now here I am, going to the office day after miserable day.I used to want to be an author, but I was told I basically wanted to be homeless. I should have at least taken somewriting classes for fun... Sigh, I would hate to be "that guy who thinks he's a writer." I daydream about writing a book that lifts me straight out of this wageslave madness. But I know it would likely never get published, or if it did... it would fall flat. I think the latter would be worse.
be 18, store clerkpull all nighterhave to work at 6amgroggily bag people's groceries like usualold woman comes through the linetries to talk to megive one word responses because no sleep and I'm trying to concentrate on bagging the fucking huge amount of groceries she has"Didn't get much sleep last night?""No, hehe...""...Well, come on, smile!"I give a forced smile and try to get back to my job, as she's holding the line up at this pointshe leaves looking pissed and says something about how I'm supposed to smileshe calls the store just to shit on memanager calls me in later that day chews me out over itWhat the hell is wrong with some people? I would never take the time out of my day to call a store just because one of the employees didn't smile. Jesus...
What a bitch. Get your mischief ready
Fucking WHAT? I will never understand other people. I barely make eye contact with store employees, let alone want to force my fucking social agenda on them. Jesus Christ. Sorry this happened to you, Anon.
That's unfortunately the way this world is. You're expected to take everything that's thrown at you and smile all the way through it, because other people do.You're expected to ignore all that's wrong with the world, ignore anything that may be getting you down, your problems/issues and throw them aside with a big ol' smile and get on with the next 40 fucking years.Why? Because YOLO that's why! Hahahaha!Gotta make the most of it champ, y'know? Otherwise you're just a freak loser and don't deserve anything you deadbeat son of a bitch.Fucking kill me.
$25 an hour?????? I'm the one sitting inside those buildings going research and actually contributing to society! And I only get $15 an hour!
hahahaha
Old people get bored, and bored people are assholes. You know this entire post is just you projecting your own suffering right? There is no "way the world is" who could make that call?
nursetfw fat people
retailseasonal xmas rushget called to backup register line has at least 8 carts worth of stuff waiting short fatfuck waddles in yells at me when i go to start scanning because she wants me to bag in a specific orderliterally followed her instructions and when i tried to start new bags she snapped at me saying i was wasting perfectly good bags and got mad and told me just to do it in as little bags as possiblethis was all going rather fast because there was a huge linewhen im done and she pays i move her stuff so she can put the bags in the cartas i start scanning the next lady "like 12 people in line now" all i hear is a loud "FUCK""HOW THE FUCKING HELL DO YOU EXPECT ME TO CARRY THESE BAGS?"im still scanning and bagging stuff and i just turn to her and say im sorryshe tells me she wants to talk to my managermanager was nearby and he saw what was going onmake call over intercom while continuing my workhe just looks at me and walks awayshe gets impatient and leaves while cursingmanager comes up to me later and i explain the situation"you did a great job today anon dont worry she was just a bitch"I swear people act like they are royalty
I just applied to a nearby clothing store, how long does it typically take to hear a response?
I don't know how to feel about my current job.Easy office accounting job for a manufacturer/distributor, so I don't have to dress up.20+ mile drive, but opposite direction of traffic.Boss does not give a shit about anything, everyone comes late and does a horrible job but no one gets fired.Have about 1 hour of work a day, spend next 7 on 4chan, browsing stuff on my phone, etc openly in front of everyone. Take full hour lunches when I'm supposed to only take 30 mins.People think I'm a genius and keep asking me for help on stupid bullshit though.Low pay.Spend over an hour throughout the day pretending to take shits in the bathroom, no one cares I do this.I hate waking up at 6 am to get ready for this job there are bonuses if you show up on time and hate how no one gives the slightest shit, but I love how comfortable it is. I want to get out but at the same time I cant.
Thanks but it was more of a wishful thought. Problem with going through with it is my parents would never let me leach of them while on autism bucks. I'd have to move out and I doubt I would be able to live comfortably on it.Plus I do really one day want a qt gf, there's no way I'm attracting one as a neet.How long have you been working at an office brother?
I wash dishes for minimum wage.By far the worst part of the job is that they play fucking pop music on XM radio from speakers 24/7. I hear the same goddamn song 2-3 times per shift.
Old bitch has nothing going on in her life. So she spends all day taking her frustrations out on others.
That sucks i remember working xmas and hearing the same fucking xmas songs every day in a playlist loop for the entire shift.
By far the worst part of the job is that they play fucking pop music on XM radio from speakers 24/7. I hear the same goddamn song 2-3 times per shift.Oh god why does every kitchen job have to do this???
It's a good thing your manager was watching. Otherwise you would have been the one in trouble.
Spend 4 years studying IT and Comp SciGet into first year at uniRealise I didn't like IT, the thought of office work makes me shudder.Thanks, brain. Another couple of years down the drain.
Teach English abroad m8.
Anon you are living my dream. Can you tell me any details? What's your job title or industry or whatever. I have a BA and I am a burn out and basically want to get paid to do nothing. I'll show up and answer stupid questions Idk.
working warehouse grunt jobs while at urban unimajoring in environmental sciencewhen my 4 year sentence is up and I get my degree, gonna become a park ranger and live in the forest, working to study and protect America's national parksThats the dream anyways
Fairly certain this is a false flag. You don't have to spend your prime years in a cube. It's really easy not to, while still getting paid. You can work with your hands outside, you can work from home, etc.
Teach English abroad m8.
I teach English in 2 Japanese high schools and I want to kill myself
old woman comes through the lineFuck old women.They are demons specifically called up from hell to torture retail workers.
Any stories?
storiesnow
How many japs have you introduced to white dick?Or are you gonna tell me porn was lying...
You an ALT? If so, I know what you mean.
mechanic in paper factoryone of the packaging systems got jammedegocentric dumbass and me check it outpaper gotten curled up between the slicer and rollerwhile the dumbass fixes the problem, I write a small report on itforgets to bypass the machine, leaving the sensors activateddumbass interrupts sensor signal while his hand is right below the massive paper slicerithasbegun.gif85 pound slicer cuts right through his fingersfingers hanging by a mere flap of skin on his handsblood squirting out of his cut fingersjesusfuckingchrist.webmcalled ER emergency response and ambulancehave to clean the machine afterwards from the bloodHe lost one finger in the end. They were able to reattach 3 of his other fingers, but with permanent nerve damage caused by the warmth of the slicer.Got more for those who are interested.
moar.
Please tell me you've watched Office Space.
work in a dispatch center for police/securitypeople ask me to do stuff like notify another agency about something retarded so they can sound like they're importantdon't do itnothing bad happens over the next weekrealize I can stop doing a lot of work and it goes unnoticedbeen doing less and less over the past five years0 write-ups, no complaints I hear about from my supervisorThis is the best job. I used to be super worried about browsing r9k here at work since it's not work safe at all---but apparently nobody monitors our internet so I can look at /b/ if I really want to and nobody else is around to see the screen.Being a wage slave isn't bad at all on night shift. You're pretty much invisible. I doubt the top brass at this police dept even know my fucking name.
Play The Stanley Parable.
my life feels like office space where i ask myself every single day if i should just call off/stop going in alltogether except i've only worked manual labor jobs. I feel like a desk job would be good for me but I'd need to start dieting or something cause I'm a janitor right now and am 310lbs even though I walk around all night and crouch a lot to clean toilets. here's a pic of me btw i look 260 at most.
just got offered a job today for software QA Engineering60k with excellent benefits and a 401kcasual dress shorts, tshirts and sandals now that its summerlarge plush office with shitloads of covered parkingoption to work from home after a couple months, if you so chooselarge capacity for career advancementI'm still trying to take this all in. It's overwhelming.It's considered the lowest of three tiers of QA at the company, but there's a large capacity for advancement.
You already possess a perspective like many others, use that to make your stories relatable and fun. Come on, you have the time.
you fat shit... how old are you?
22
Comfort is the cozy enemy of progress.
I work as a cashier/self-checkout station attendant. It's pretty dull. I'm bad at conversations with the customers so I never get the surveys filled out about me. I used to tell myself that this was a temporary college job but my final year is coming up and I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm gonna be stuck here forever.
Oh god please stop using food to fill the void in your life. If you insist on pigging out have a desk job and lift after work.
night shift in paper factorywe have a new kid, show him the ropes for the last 4 weekscompletely oblivious in learningmerely here for the moneyproduction in full forceget a logistical problem with one of the transporterspaper package stuck on an elevated assembly linenew kid gets a ladder to sort it outremoves the package causing the problemfor some reason he puts it outside the restraints of the assembly lineladies and gentlemen, lift offdue to the intense speed of the assembly line the paper package launches itself off the assembly line into the direction of a colleague doing maintenance workfucking paper package is flying like it was flung out of a damn trebuchetit narrowly misses our colleague and slams into the machine, causing mechanical damagecolleague freaks out like a womanbyejob.tiffnext day, have to explain to the security committee what happenedsome fat ass manager claimed that he saw the whole thing happen in front of his eyesretard was 100 meters away from the accidentbecomes my word against hiscommittee eventually decides it was no one's faultcovering their asses otherwise inspection would get wind of itcolleague never came back to worknew kid dropped out of the job after a year, cause too much pressure
i use jerking off, sleeping, and inactivity to fill the void once i get home i'm glued to my chair
Pushing the green button will kill everyone in the world named Jose and everyone with a "stein" in their name.Pushing the red button will kill everyone named Jamal and Muhammad.You can only pick 1 button. Which do you press?
Red, niggers and muzzies are worse than mexicans and jews, plus wouldn't want any german collateral damage
get rid of all the niggers and muslimsJews: oh shit well.... what do we use now?Whites win.
Do you realize without Jews you may not even have ever personally seen a nigger spic or muslim?
Jose and Stein.The two biggest problems in America have just been eliminated.
Get rid of all Jews....Nice try Goldfein
Yeah, but it's too late now, it's all fine saying "You if you got the vaccine you wouldn't be infect now"I am infected, I need the antibiotics, I need to purge the muds now.
Red
Take this shit to /pol/
Neither. I will not be responsible for that many deaths.
cuck
redyou wouldn't want to kill einstein
Hes already dead u dumb shit
Show me the body or stfu
Red would kill a bunch of actual yuros named Jose and stein along with half of the economy of the US, what kind of simpleminded yokel would choose that?
green. there aren't that many jamals and i live in the US so muslims don't bother me muchi'd love to gas every kike personally
fuck u
his eyes are open dumb ass, there probably testing him
Looks like he's just blazed to me
IS THIS DEAD ENOUGH
Jews didn't invent boats or airplanes
there
Where's the button to kill all whiteys?
not there
I break the machine obviously.
Well one of the key players on my favorite sports team has "stein" in his name. Also Jose Mourinho is a pretty entertaining guy.It's not racist or anything, but I guess I'll have to kill off a significant portion of the earth instead.
sports teamREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDUBS
Fucking red obviously. I live in Georgia and deal with massive amount of Jamals.
I need a hobby for when I don't feel like watching chink cartoonsSettle down
tfw 6" penisI want the world to burn for making me live this life
I know that feel bro
never measured my dick, not sure if average or not, but do know it's a grower not a showerpasses the toilet paper roll test thoughAnd then I realized size doesn't matter of its never gonna be seen anyway.
Don't bring the Fuhrer into this, dicklet.
6 is actually perfect on a guy but id never let someone like you even get near me. You reak of insecurity and from the looks of things you dont care about anything but your dick. Enjoy your life :
nothing to brag about obviously but it could have been worse :|
i have a cut micropenis please kill urself
6 is actually perfect on a guySaid no woman ever
Im very petite and going against what you robots believe. Not every girls a slut who wants her insides ripped apart. Most girls dont even like sex. We certainly dont want guys who are obsessed with themselves.
I know that feelWhy was I even born
most girls dont even like sex liesguys obsessed with themselveswhen a man has an insecurity he is obsessed with himself and should "man up"when a girl has an insecurity she should be supported and helpedeat shit
someone needs to make a webm of what they say at 3:29
Most girls dont even like sex.so essentially the only girls who dont like big dicks are girls who dont like sex, in which case who gives a fuck about those girls opinion on dick size, nobody is trying to fuck girls who dont want sex
Not that anon, but I read it more along the lines of men who have big dicks are self absorbed and narcissistic.
men who have big dicks are self absorbed and narcissistic.Ah yes, traits that are well known for putting women off
We certainly dont want guys who are obsessed with themselves.Except it's a well know fact that women are attracted to narcissists.
6 inch pencil dickcircumcisedif you meet the above conditions or worse, congratulations, suicide is your haven
These. Woman can blab on and on what they thing they want and then to a complete 180. Never ever listen to them.
5" x 5" cut Just fuck my shit up
chode alert
I know this an autistic board but you robots have to stop confusing arrogance and confidence. Think of it like a normal guy who in this example is a husky breed dog and a robot is the equivalent of a chihuahua. A husky barking appears cute and adorable. A chihuahua barking is annoying and yapping. Girls like adorable huskies and not a yapping chihuahua
tfw not memed 7'' penis but severe premature ejaculation problem.tfw even if I fix my ejaculation problem, I'll never gonna use my penis because of uglyness.
tfw 5.5intfw curved dick so can't tell for sure so I just extrapolate to 6"count your blessings
Fuck off aussie
tfw only 6 foot 3I want the world to burn for making me live this life
complaining about 6"I'm fucking mad.
you have to be attractive enough to have confidence or else you are just a creep and we dont like creeptsonce again, eat shit
What's not the complain about? Pretty much anything under 7" women will just label small regardless of whether it statistically is or not
Is 5" considered thick? Seems skinny to me but that might be porn and fat hands
whip out my six inchtell bitch it's 7.5she believes me because what's she gonna do measure it?
It's about average, which in a womans mind is small, maybe forgivable if you have decent length
I might not like/want sex but its something that needs to occur in life. If i could choose id want a boyfriend with a huge penis. Why? As a trophy. For my own personal pleasure id want a guy with a penis of about ~6 because that feel goods for me.
Obviously you haven't been following the post
Try that shit with any woman who has experience and see how far you get
tfw no penis calculus to measure the length of a curved dick
I'm 4.5" so some positions are basically impossible. It's not just something they don't like, it's actually worse for me as well. I barely move in and I'm already in, etc. Shit sucks.
If i could choose id want a boyfriend with a huge penis. Why? As a trophy.Well done completely destroying the point of your original post you fucking dumb cunt
Arrogance and confidence are just words reserved for the type of person you wanna use it on.Two guys with the same douchbag persona:oh wow, Chad is a such a jerk, but he's sooo confident!oh wow, Anon is such a jerk, he's so arrogant and full of himself. Yuck!
That b8 is a-okay
I was with a hooker once and she thought my dick was like 8'' when it's actually like 6.4 or so.
you could have particularly good girth, it can make girls assume it's larger than it really is
No i didnt. You are just retarded. 6inch is perfect for sex. Huge penis are perfect for showing off but not sex. Dont translate your inability to comprehend as my failure to express myself.
A hooker once said my dick looked big Well shit nigger slap my ass and call me papa no way she could have been stroking your ego
What? No.
The point is that girls will always want a huge dick even if that's only for it being a trophy, therefore 6" is perfect for jack shit
You're giving them too much credit, women have a really bad sense of scale
I was with a hooker oncebelieving what a hooker saysbeing this naiveYou sure she didn't just want you to feel good anon? You know, so you would call again? I bet she told also said you were the best she's ever had huh.
My hooker only ever insults me, but she charges extra for that.
she's a hooker you dingus, they just tell men what they want to hear
He's right though, especially since so many girls watch porn and get dicked now and days.
that was nice of her to lie to you
Id hardly consider sexual satisfaction "jack shit" im guessing youre a lesser male or something. Your aura is absolute vile.
I was prepared for this reply. I don't know if she was merely pretending but what confirmed her assumptions about my size was that my dick didn't even fit in her pussy. Not bragging about this, I'm the biggest loser ever, and I don't care if you believe or not.
SeeNigga you girthy
Sexual satisfaction is tied to the mental aspectIf a woman likes the look of a big dick more, she'll enjoy the sex more even if it hurts ignoring the fact that big dicks can hit erogenous zones that average and smaller dicks cant so essentially a big dick is better for sex as well even purely from the mental side of things
Well, the odds of the average girl having gotten several 7-8"+ dicks are very small, considering the average and normal distribution of dick size.
guys with bigger dicks fuck around more, so it's not actually that ridiculous that the average girl will have fucked a guy with a 7-8"
Maybe 10 years ago.
I guess, perhaps, but I don't think 6" is somehow too small for good sex.
It is once they get used to biggerI've heard girls say they'd rather never have sex again than go back to an average guy after having a bf with a huge dick
My friends cousin said something similar. Says how she needs like a 10 inch dildo just to get off now.
Literally just like my NTR hentais
Hmm. Well, I have 6", as should be obvious from my arguments, and the girls I've been with have always wanted repeat sex. I guess that's all that really matters to me, even if it's not the best the girl's ever had.
Can I ask you a personal question? Have you ever had sex with an actual vagina? And if you have have you done it with multiple differently sized vaginas? I only ask because I can't tell if you are just trolling or a genuine idiot. If I shove something up your pee hole and rip it apart its gonna fucking hurt no matter what zone it hits. If I shove a pole up your ass can I tell you its going to feel nice because I tickled your prostate? Your idea of sex is so textbook and so far removed from the truth is ridiculous.A boyfriend with a big dick is only for social standing. No girl wants to tell other people that her boyfriend has a tiny penis. When it comes to sex we like what feels good. An attractive guy can still be horrendous at sex. Its not just a mental aspect but it needs to feel physically nice. how about you go out into the real world and start pleasuring women instead of sitting here hypothesizing on what we do and dont want in a man.
maybe you have good girth? it can make up for the lack of length sometimes
Have you ever had sex with an actual vagina?I have a 6" dick so no girl is going to let me fuck her so obviously bloody not you silly cuntA boyfriend with a big dick is only for social standing.And guess what kind of men women will pick to have fucking sex with you utter mong
tfw 6 inch length and 4.5 inch circumference. sub 5 inch girth is suffering. You will never make her feel filled up.
sub 6 inch girth is suffering. You will never make her feel filled up.fixed
Possibly. As long as I get off, and as long as a girl wants to do it again if I want to do it again with her, I'm content. I'm sure most of us feel that way.
Guys lamenting over having a small penis"Don't worry how short it is guys! Women main care about girth anyway!"WHY THE FUCK DO PEOPLE THINK THAT MAKES IT ANY BETTER? AT BEST YOU'RE REPLACING ONE ANXIETY WITH ANOTHER AND AT WORST YOU'RE DOUBLING MY WORRIESFUCKING WOMEN
never mind that longer dicks are generally thicker any wayit's such an irrelevant fucking saying
tfw 4x2.5 inches
2.5 Are you measuring soft anon?
5.6x 5.9 here, you know nothing of chodes
2.5Do you mean diameter or something?
barely 5 inches fully erectdick goes straight up when erect6+ inch fags with fully controllable erect dicks complainingoh this gets me all bothered
Oh look, another shitty ass thread about dicks. Another insecure bunch of fucking faggots with average sized penises whining about their insecurities. I never tell anyone on this board to kill themselves but I hope you fuckers eat a rat poison buffet. You really are the worst posters on this board.
Fuck you and your fucking penis that is never going to get used anyway. Why not be insecure about the fact that you are completely fucking unlikable instead of the fact that you have an average sized dick? You're all fucking retards.
And that girth is much rarer than length. I've heard girls say that they "only" want a guy with 6 inched of girth which is bigger than a lot of girls wrists  and some of you skinny fuccbois
But I am likable, it's only my face and dick that hold me back
Your face is a bigger problem than your dick ever could be. That's why vibrating cock rings were invented you stupid piece of shit. If you can't make her cum with 4 inches there's no way an evolutionary malfunction like you is going to do it with 8. Die.
. If you can't make her cum with 4 inches there's no way an evolutionary malfunction like you is going to do it with 8.Well you know except 8 has twice as much mass so obviously it's going to be better.With 4 inches you could look like nick bateman and you still couldn't make her cum
It isn't going to do shit if you don't know what you're doing. An orgasm is an orgasm. Does the g spot somehow measure your junk? Do you know what the clitoris is? A few more inches means fuck all. Stop posting your cuck cock inferiority fetish garbage. You've never made a woman cum in your life and you are a buffoon.
Who /constantlyextremelyuncomfortableintheirskin/
My face doesn't match my ideal personality.
FUCK YOU FOR USING THAT PICTURE
kek
Reporting in.
Knowing that a lot of people here have too much free time, someone likes to use it to learn new things?I'm learning japanese without spending a buck and is great, it keeps me occupied and gives me a sense of accomplishement and I'm thinking of starting piano because I have two of them from my grandfather in my house.
Try learning English first?
:
wow rude
No matter how much time you spend doing those you will never be as good as someone who learned from a young age.
B T F O
Obviously, but I'm not trying to be a professional, just spending time in something that I enjoy.
What kind of cuck accepts mediocrity?If you are going to do something, do it perfectly or not at all
I prefer that to not doing nothing at all.Also to be a cuck I would need a gf first :,
Well I'm sure being able to watch cartoons without subtitles will help you get a gf
I want to read porn and manga, don't care for anime
Why would someone who looks like this...
JUST
...transform himself into something that looks like this?
Celebrities are the easiest things for the jews to manipulate. Hell, you can barely call celebrities people. They're just mindless apes following commands.
Because he's done being an attention whore winning gold medals. His life is no longer relevant.But as some tranny superstar, he's suddenly in the news again. Building a fanbase for something degenerate to get his attention fix that he used to get easy back after the Olympics.
Luckily they're going to take his Olympic medals away for being a woman who competed in the male sports.
to take advantage of all the advantages of being a woman in this day and age.
as the saying goes, if you can't beat em, join em. so instead of whining about women all the time on /r9k/, why don't you all just become a woman?
Because unlike Jenner, my parents are still alive.
This is the first time where I have heard anything positive about trannies in my personal life. This the tipping point for society.
and it will all go downhill from here on out
hopefully traps won't be so taboo
photos by Annie Leibovitz
Who else could possibly be behind this but Jews. It's beyond predictable at this point. It's expected
i mean if he was going for the old whore look, he looks great as woman
because no tranny has ever been succesful as he is.its also happening "after" his major successes which BTFO haters
caitlyn jenner will never spit on your cock
Maybe you can try to message her to convince her to sell her spit on eBay.
implying I don't want to experience it firsthand while it's sucking my cockcmon now anon
Well, he/she/it's 65.
Is duct taping a plastic bag around your head really the easiest/surest way to commit sudoku?
try it and let us know
ur gonna need to duct tape mittens on your hands because ur gonna be clawin at it pretty good
Yeah, it's pretty hard to suffocate yourself because your brain is screaming for oxygen and all you want to do is breathe.
Use one of those heavy duty bags blankets come in. Then wrap it around a few times real tight like.
Just Handcuff Yourself To Something. You'll Die Peacefully.
It wouldn't exactly be suffocation, though, wouldn't it be carbon dioxide poisoning? Or am I just dumb
No you need helium too much, that's what makes it painless. Your brain mistakes the helium as oxygen.
just jump man you'll get a minute or two to sky surf. do a flip.
More like you'll die horribly, in terror. Jesus, just use a gun.
I've tried this OPDoesn't work at all, I've even tried falling asleep with it on but it still doesn't work.
Does anyone want to be my Tomoko gf?My Skype is lautrec833
Sent :
same tbh

if dubs I will get a gf
If dubs, you have to be OP's gf
its a trap, he gonn kill u!
Any robots who want a gf add me :flavianatsuo
Only if you're qt firekeeper
dam man, that moment in the game was surreal. Lautrec is puree evill bruh
Not killing him straight away for the FaP ring
I WANT A QT TOMOKO GF RIGHT NOWREEEEEEEEEEEE
don't feel jealous anon, it'll just be us girls :just a quiet night in with the girls :just gonna watch netflix with my girlfriends :
hmmmmm
More like mmmmmmm ;
heh
Ew.
More like oooooooo la la!
;
Thats not real is it? wtf....
It is real my friend ;Mmmmmmmmmmm yum yum yum here comes the airplane
haha : yucky :
I know I'm so funny ; ; ; ;poo
AHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAAAAH AHHHA HOLLY SHHHHHIIIIITTT AHHHHAHAHAHAAAHAAHHHAHAAHAAHAHA
poo
Nice dubs ;shitposting about shit
Now THIS is shitposting!
, 
did watching this make you feel? Did it reinforce what you already knew?
I do not feel sorry for that piece of shit. If you can't do the time don't do the crime. Fucking druggie normalfags
be a degenerate get treated like one What's the problem here?
There isn't. I wanted to see if people could relate somewhat, specifically towards the end of the video.
waah my actions have consequencesNot all jobs have background checks, go work at McDonalds you fuck.What a fucking pity party.
abloo abloo abloo i have anxiety attacks when someone calls me on the phone fucking normies are so mean why can't they understand
Kill yourself, faggot.
 at least we are not criminals?
homeless guy spits some truthtruthHoly fuck normalfags think anyone who can elaborate on an opinion for more than thirty seconds is profound.
only delusional normalshits would find this video good
If this was said by anyone other than a homeless person they wouldn't even give a shit about this guy's benign "lel fuck society" opinions.Normies care more about context than content.
Can we just agree that all drugs should be at least decriminalised
Shut up, junkie.
Are you serious? Did you even watch the video? He did the fucking time, but society still refused to give him another chance. He paid for his crimes in jail and he got out and he's still paying for them. That's not fair, especially for doing drugs man. Does that make sense to you? Your life ending because you wanted to get high? He wasn't hurting anyone, he's no a murderer and I don't think he should be treated like one.
569,227 viewPublished on Jun 1, 2015GoFundME link for Obediah is here: DUMB FUCKING NORMALFAGS. This fuckup will get money from reddit/facebook/instagram tier faggots and he will most likely spend it on drugs. Pathetic normalshits will donate so they can look good on social media. Fucking FAGGOTS
Even if I did take drugs what makes you think that the use of drugs is a criminal offence?
what's this fucking trend of normies taking videos of the homeless or doing charitable shiti immediately think they're just doing it for the attention
There are plenty of people with drug charges that make a living.
doing it for the attention100% thisthey want to look good on social media
the point is get some perspective and don't throw rocks when you live in a glass house. to most people you're just as pathetic as some ex-con homeless guy who can't get a job. shitting on some homeless guy because he made bad life decisions is the same thing normies do when they gojust bee urself :^
12 years for drug possession. That's insane.
You'd be an absolute fool to trust a homeless person, not even homeless trust homeless.
he was absolutely downplaying how serious the charge was. it was probably a good bit of drugs, enough that they charged him for distribution as well.some drugs have stupid distribution laws though, a normal personal use amount of MDMA could possibly land you 30 years in jail in some states.
I disagree. How do you know he wasn't moving a ton of cocaine from Colombia? Drug charges are pretty fair. Even for possession. Don't do drugs is you're not ready to take bubba's 12 incher in the prison showers.
Don't worry if you're a middleclass college student ordering it off of silkroad you'll be fine
It's pretty standard shit but I agree with most of what he's saying. The attitude towards drugs needs to be relaxed, doing what you love is better than making a ton of money by doing what you hate, and people should open up to each other more and be honest.
did you post on 4chan before age 18?did you ever lie about your age on the internet? congrats, you are a criminal.
ITT: scum of the earthjust be an hero's r9k
"homeless"has over 240 facebook friendsk
Yeah that's fucked. 12 years for selling drugs sure, but never for possession.Are you really so stupid you've never heard of cell phones, or libraries?
Hmm...That seems like a super easy way to profit off the charity of suckers.
It's actually right around that. Southern Poverty Law Center reported a guy being locked up for 25 for a bag of weed in Alabama.
Serves you weedfags right. Go back to 420chan I hear it's blacklisted and there's almost a guarantee they share your IP with the feds if you fess up to possession or distribution.
The man talking in this in this video is neither unique nor smart. He is not wise, nothing he said is wisdom. It contains no depth. You think he is "spitting truth" because you hate society, and he's a homeless man. Old homeless men are really wise and know whats really going on meme. He literally seems like someone who has never used his brain for more than instinctual reactions his entire life and is now attempting to think due to circumstances he cant control abruptly facing him. He is literally spouting the same stuff you could get from a 14 year old. This video was a waste of time.
I enjoyed it. Your internet expectations are too high and impress no one.
That is a huge blanket statement. Obviously you've been around the entire internet. Or not, because you are ignorant about not only that but believe I care about impressing you. Literally get over yourself, and your tiny little world, dumby.
there's some truth in what he's saying, but the guy is a bum. don't ever forget that. people like this are usually extremely manipulative and try to get you on their side.you think he's being serious about doing 18 years for just a drug charge? you don't get 18 years in prison for fucking possession. you have to do something really fucking serious to get 18 years. you get 18 years for beating the shit out of an 80 year old woman, raping her, stealing her money, then getting caught with drugs in your pocket.
"oh look i fucked up now i am sad please send money"
Chad gets fucked overI am supposed to feel bad
I haven't watched it yet but I hope it isn't more reddit/4+4chan muh degeneracy bullshit.The western world is far from perfect but its actually far better than its ever been. Anyone who says otherwise is usually a neoreactionary or closet neoreactionary or just an idiot.
18 years for possession in Texas seems legit.
he did 12 yearsthe thing is, the penalties are usually dropped lower. even when the penalties are mandatory minimum sentences of a certain number of years, chances are if you aren't a complete degenerate scum bag with a sheet, the judge will lower your penalty. the only time someone is doing the full sentence is if they did something really fucked up, tried to fight it in a trial, or if they are already on probation/parole and then get sent back to jail with stacked charges.stacked charges is where they really fuck you over.
citing SPLCOH SHIT NIGGER
Tsk tsk, you must have really wanted your opinion validated but instead you got some criticism and now your feathers are flustered.
website TOSa lawFucking kek at this betaboi
Makes a post on Facebook on ChristmasGets butthurt that nobody responds to him because they're too busy spending time with their familywhat a goof
"They didn't want me to be part of their society anymore"god damnit brahs
When people prove I'm wrong I don't get mad, I'm thankful for learning and expanding my world. You should try it sometime.
Society is shit but you've gotta play the game to get out of it. He should have saved as much money as he possibly could from his contracting days so he could buy some land away from all these assholes. Now he's stuck within the society he hates and only makes enough money to feed himself for the day, if he can even get that much.
Not him, but that passive aggressiveness is pretty cringeworthy. That post gave me second hand betaness.
towards the end he kinda going on a rant, the first part is only true in america lol
Being blunt, straightforward, and honest is not being aggressive. If you feel offended that is your own emotional reaction, not indicative of my attitude or intentions. I was not being aggressive, nor passive aggressive.
i hate these types of videos and especially that comment section, they only serve to portray normies with a false sense of 'humanity' for the purpose of gaining attention nothing he said is new or in any way enlighteningalmost 600k views in not even 2 days, no doubt viraled by the uploaderjust pisses me off
No, that post was the definition of passive aggressive. If you're going to insult him, just do so openly like you have before. There's no need to give a personal anecdote about how you behave under certain situations and appear to be trying to help him, when in reality, you're basically calling him a shithead.
browsing the commentsThis is an awesome video. As I was watching this, I started to feel like shit. I've had a horrible attitude about homeless people for the longest time, usually try to avoid them, have only given money out one time in my life. I know plenty of privileged college kids that are doing all kinds of drugs, committing felonies, and plenty of terrible things and no one bats an eye. Sounds like this gentleman got caught in the wrong place and wrong time and that was it. It fucking sucks that he got punished so harshly for such a small offense, and he's 100 percent right. People only care about themselves and what they want as individuals, and I'm like that quite a lot, but watching this made me want to change that. Huge props to Tyler for filming this and thank you for bringing more awareness.just LOL at this suggestible, nave faghope he's only doing it for thumbs
dumbyinsultThat was more playful. You don't know my personality. Why are you so sure of yourself? Not every brain is your brain.
Hi my e-critic friend it's me, dumby. Use your incredible analytical power to criticize this series in a concise but accurate manner. Also memes? I thought you are above such things.
But you, the teen or twentysomething posting on 4chan, are enlightened, right? You know way more than he does, because you're on the internet, right? You know more than a man who's had decades of life experience, because you're young & smart, right?
Why do you even deserve to have a girlfriend?
I thought this board was about OC, not posting the same thing over and over every day without even the slightest variation.
Robot was taken out a while back. These days it's just normalfags and lebbitors.
Is it too much to ask to be loved?
I guess i kinda don't.
Because I got sweet dubs they need to check.
ha
My ex wrote in her suicide note that I deserved better than her
I really don't tbh lads
Actually you do not I do though
nice try faggot.here's your dubs newfag
what is that question?mixing the realm of logic and feeling like that together, fuck no
I don't so I'm single
Let me show you normals how it's done.
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Reminder that god does not exist and that if you believe in god you are an idiot automaticallyinb4: every fedora meme in the world
not being Christian2015
what is God?
The Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John heads laughing are what make this. Somebody actually knows their Christianity.
AtheistsChristians
Reminder that god can't multitask.
Why are StalinHardcore hunted down Christians and Jews or Mao both militant atheists and the two biggest mass murderers of all time not on the right?
post you are face when Pascal, Kepler, and Heisenberg were idiots
Helping to destroy EuropeFuck off Abdul
Christianist
not believing in Pascal's Wager2015
Pascal's WagerBelieving that you somehow chose the "right" religion from hundreds or thousands of mutually-exclusive belief systems
I'm agnostic
implying almost all religions don't boil down to the same core beliefs
Entire European civilization based off ChristianitySeems to be the one that works.
not being an agnostic and trusting that if there is a god he'll take mercy on you for being a lost, confused soul
tfw was just a reaction image and Muslims are even worse than Christians
God is all wise and works in mysterious ways. Everything that happens is part of his grand plan for humanity and he knows what decisions are better for usargue against this. protip: you can'tatheists get BTFO
misunderstanding religion this hardit's ok, I was the same way when I was 15
god might exist, but I don't worship him. I don't hold any being above myself. through will and magic I provide for myself. my soul is mine.
Eh, even if god doesn't exist religion is still good for civilization.Except Islam. Fuck Islam.
is just le testing them xD
implying there are only two optionsshiggitydiggitydo
either pic related and atheist/"agnostic" or an SWJ Unitarianactually did not, mostly because there wouldn't even be any of their population left. They were militant atheists and did kill a lot of people but they would not kill you just for being religious, they only set up measures to discourage it.nice baitfucking 110 IQ normienot being at least igtheist
Hey guys I'm not a professional quote maker or anything bit I whipped this up one day and hoped the people over at r9k might appreciate it"In this moment I am euphoric. Not because of some phony Gods blessing but because I am enlightened by my own intelligence "
forgot my gif
fucking muslims scum of the earth
All those atheistsWhen did this website get flooded by edgy 14 year olds again?
Right on, I can agree with that. Islam might be okay in a thousand years it catches up with the rest of civilized society.
Implying I wouldn't rather get burned alive by ISIS than have a 5 minute conversation with the guy on the right
If god exists, he has no power or doesn't care about living beings.He's probably just a passive being who observes.Discuss.
Just because you can't counter my point about God being all wise that doesn't mean it's bait.Religion 1 Atheists 0
are you saying that you have an IQ of 110?
he is testing niggers pretty hard
He might not care much about this world in particular because it's temporary, and the afterlife is the "Real world".No point telling this to someone who has no faith though
that is the worst argument ever, it's a total cop out
Remember when he tested the jews? Damn he tested those motherfuckers

SWJ Unitarian I think most religions other than extreme Islam and ancient Aztecs can be described 1 respect the higher power 2 don't fuck with other people
i'm an atheist, but the fact that there are so many believers make me feel better about my more reasonable delusions.by the way, religion is just con man stuff. you have to respect all the great preachers as the best con men on earth, if you think those guys on tv don't know its fake you aren't even close to understanding the world.
if by most religions you mean christianity, judaism, and moderate islam, you are right.but hinduism, budism, satanism, paganism, shinto, etc. are different.
I am MuslimChange my view r9kGive me 5 good arguments against Islam and GodRemember, arguments against Islam and not muslims
All these indoctrinated robots
Implying all Christians subscribe to their bullshitPeople profiting from God's name are all false prophets, that much anyone with half a brain knows.Atheists aren't the only ones who question things.
IndoctrinatedI was a rebellious edgy little prick who thought he had it all figured out just like you when i was 15.Eventually i grew out of it.
Bruh if you have faith there's no reason to give it up unless it's negatively impacting your life somehow.
born-again christiansathiests who grew up in a religious householdchristians who grew up in a christian householdatheists raised in a non-religious household
no, people profiting from nothing but hypnotic lies are pimps, and you should respect them and the power they hold. if you think they are evil boogeymen you're just a dumb trick. i'm sure your daddy erm, preacher, is a good guy though.my dad always said look at who owns all the real estate, churches and insurance companies, and both of them sell you nothing but dreams and hope.
Did I trigger you :
Whites fuck dogs but make fun of muslims for fucking goats
all these atheistsall these theistsall these plebs who don't know the glorious light of transcendental inner soul hypno-worship
but they would not kill you just for being religious, they only set up measures to discourage it.That doesn't not make them extremist Atheists
Jesus literally chased down some merchants with a whip because they were selling their goods inside of a temple.Profiting from the word of God and tricking believers to follow your twisted version of Christianity is a deadly sin.
b-but the children in africathe 14yo edgy atheist argument
literally cackling at you right now. i seriously want to feel for you, you're _so_ innocent dude. its just pimping. want to know whats worse, in the old days they would force you join in, people like me would be in the same club as you, doing the same dance, paying the same fee, and i would get called out for not singing loud enough. you see when a high enough % of the population believes, when they have a mandate, they start extorting the real sharks, and any fishy that gets too big better start making donations.religion is just one pathway for the pimps of this world. i wish i hadn't been such an edgefag in my earlier days and told the world i'm an atheist and that god wasn't real, because i've got the gift and i could fill some fuckin pews, praise jesus.you're dumb dude, your club is fucking dumb, and it will forever be in decline and increased irrelevance, in fact if the muhammad faggots don't act right soon, they're gonna get facefucked by china and the usa from mecca to tehran.
nobody ever just says God might exist and is just a prickI would be fine if you believe in a creator. But how can you say this is for the best when someone starve to death forgotten and then are eaten by fucking vultures. Just admit he's a prick.Imagine if you're getting your ass kicked in an ally. A cop shows up and just watches this guy beat the living fuck out of you. You ask for help. And then he says he's testing you and refuses to step in. He'd be a prick! Just like every time God watches by and refuses to help people.
I'm surprised more robots are Muslim, or at least sympathetic toward Islam.anti-degeneracypatriarchalwomen who embrace traditonal sex rolesin constant conflict with Jews
Christianist
but seriously what about the children in africa? Does god realy is racist?
It seems like you are mistaken.I'm not naive, i know the world is full of tricksters and false prophets who just want to fuck other people over.It's just that i don't accept it as being right.Those "pimps" deserve to burn eternally in the lake of fire.
there is no higher power because people abuse shit
I don't understand why people argue about this. What you have are several elements which interact with other elements due to the number of electrons that are orbiting the respective proton. All you need is a positive charge and a negative charge, and a neutral charge of varying quantities to allow for the interaction that forms you, me, nebula, a galaxy, a star, everything. If by God you mean "electromagnetism" or "electric forces of attraction and repulsion", or to simply further: "energy", then I agree, otherwise shut up because you'll never find the answer you're looking for.
Forget about good and bad, just think of free will
people still arguing about this shit
God gave us free will.They would have food if they stopped killing themselves over ethnicity. The main problem in Africa are the civil wars, it burns through their money and prevents the poorer part of the population to gain access to food because they end up isolated in war zones.Africa has all the potential to grow their own food, if they'd stop killing themselves.

This is true I am white and thought about fucking my dog or at least doing some weird sexual thing at least 8 times.
everyone has the same fate. if you're in the game, you're either a pimp, a ho, or a trick. you don't have to be in the game, but that's the business, boss, worker, customer. you can get out if none of it sounds good to you but that's the game. it says in the bylaws too you're either in or out, you're either with the body or you're apart, right? isn't that pimpin' paul? shit man you are L O S T. sad.
I see. So god is basically irrelevant.
You talk like a movie character or something.Anyway, again, i have no doubt that this world is diseased, you don't need to spell it out to me.
He gave them the ability to grow food and live in peace, they tossed it out of the window.Interfering would mean taking our free will away.Doesn't mean we can't help them though.
God isn't just a creator. He's a perfect being so has no reason for being a prick.
As a non edgy 22 yo atheist I don't give a fuck if you or anyone believes in a higher power. I do care when people throw that shit in my face however. Some people find happiness in believing in it like I find happiness in trying get the most enjoyment out of my short time on earth as possible. Live and let live.
human-humangod-humando you know what proportions is? do you know give some shit when you accidentally step on a ant? no you don't, so why an all-mighty at least for us being would. but of course I'm talking about A god, not THE god.
new atheism=capitalist ideologyProve me wrong.
another 15yo
Age has nothing to do with it, it's scientific literacy and the intelligence to understand what is fundamentally causing everything. Everything matter is made of atoms, and atoms are fuelled by electromagnetic forces.It's so simple, there are some highly intelligent kids under the age of 15 years old and those over 60 who have formed the same conclusion on their own based on scientific fact. You're just unintelligent, but I can't get mad at you because it's not your fault. Some people just can't think.
You're just unintelligent, but I can't get mad at you because it's not your fault. Some people just can't think.wow kid hang in there that's too edgy for me
None of what you said disproves the existence of God in any way.Most accomplished scientists were still Christians, like Bohr and Newton.
No more edgy than assuming that something conceived by you to be incoherent bullshit as a product of your own ignorance is only said by a 15 year old? I think you suffer from the disease of "because-i'm-older-i-must-know-more"-ism, it's a disease so harmful to intellectual growth, and so prevalent, that I'm worried we won't have enough time before an asteroid strikes our descendants and ends all intellectual progress.
The burden of proof lies with the maker of a claim, not the refuter.
Everything matter is made of atomsStopped right there fedorafag
You don't need to prove anything because it runs off faith. You either believe or you don't.But to claim religious people are all stupid is just as bad as claiming that Atheists are all edgy 15 year olds.Like i said, a lot of relevant accomplished scientists were Christians.
Read a physics textbook and follow the bouncing ball. That's the proof.
You know, atheists wouldn't be made fun of so much if you fags didn't rub it in everyone's faces so much.Believing fairytales? What a bunch of fags. My fedora tells me your wrong.Being atheist makes me somehow smarter than you because science says God isn't real.Let me purposefully say things that piss you off so you know atheism is better than your beliefs.I don't give a shit what you believe in, just don't be a douche about it.
What else is there? The invisible boogeyman?Empirically deducible, everything you can touch, smell and feel around you is made of atoms. I would rather not get into photons and whatnot because it would only confuse you more unless you actually had an interest in science yourself and learned for once.
IF 'god' does not exist, Why do bring 'god' up?There has to be something to exist to say it does not.
This is exactly what I mean.
he has no reason for not being a prick either
so what, god doesn't give a shit?
Because religions detracts from worshiping the state or cult personality. Communism is a political religion, not only it oppressed religion, it oppressed or kill anyone that had opposing views to the communists.
I bet that would make everything so simple wouldn't it. Just ignore everything that isn't atoms and call it day. And then when people talk about the mind and consciousness. Well that's made up of matter too! Atoms is all there is after all. I've heard it all before from you people.
They were militant atheists and did kill a lot of people but they would not kill you just for being religious, they only set up measures to discourage it.
Underrated post
posting pictured quotes without sources
Reminder that human does not exist and that if you believe in human you are an idiot automaticallyinb4: every saliva meme in the world
I thought the definition of someone with a fedora was to pretend to understand science and mindlessly spew "Science is good you're not" crap while dressing up "appearing" to look a certain way. There's a difference between actually understanding science and understanding what fundamentally drives everything, and being a clueless idiot like you. Where's my fedora? I've never bought one. I invested all my money on education.Everyone needs an excuse for everything, yours just happens to be the new-age "fedora" fad. Mine is simply truth based on scientific fact based on what is contemporarily deducible.
Actually christians are mostly non-violent too.
There is literally nothing wrong with destroying abortion clinics.
I'm incapable of using Google
What a fedorable comment.

How does it feel to not think? If you don't think, I can only imagine that you're rife with emotion. Tell me how you feel about not thinking, whether by choice or literal incapability?
Can I post this comment on /r/intellectuals for le upboats?
Being an atheist doesn't make you an intellectual.Christians can still study and understand science, you're just making a fool of yourself.
Implying communism isn't a belief in an idea entirely based on faith and no actualy facts, it might as well be a religon in and of itself
Shhhh, you might give him ideas that there are types of people that exist beyond what television taught him.
Stalin and Mao killed Christians for communism, not atheism.Try harder, kike
Pascal's wager is specifically made to trick idiots. Do you really think that an omnipotent God would be fooled by false supplication?
Wow, the pure intellectualism of that comment is amazing. Be my bf pls.
You must feel a sense of superiority or something since your comments are so evasive and meaningless. I notice that most of society does this. Is your ego manifesting from not understanding what I'm saying and thus, because you don't understand, I must be stupid? People tend to be snarky and elusive in their commentary when the ego shows up. They have no intellect to reference truth from, so they can't tell the difference between insightful analysis and their own "hurr durr that comment was adorable. Fedora." crap. I think you just base your life on your social rank or something. How stupid is that? It's so hard because it's impossible to prove that I actually understand what I'm talking about [EDIT] to someone who doesn't understand. With the size of their ego, someone who doesn't understand will just assume the others are just stupid and not them. It's amazing. What a predicament.
Not just this, Pascal's wager totally discounts the existence of different faiths, many of which claim you are going to burn in hell if you don't believe in theirs specifically.That is to say, Pascal's wager relies on the presupposition that the only god available is some generic god that basically only gives a shit whether you believe in god/worship god or not. It essentially invents a religion where the only thing that matters is whether or not you believe in and worship "god," regardless of what name that god has or what standards it sets for your behavior.Also, what if god is a fedora-wearing entity that embraces reason and logic above all else, and specifically sends you to hell if you believed in god due to the lack of evidence? That possibility alone sort of shits all over the wager.
Why can't people both believe and disbelieve at the same time.Will having an internal conflict overload our heads and cause them to explode?

Anyone who's not religious is an edgy teenager.Is this really the best Christians can come up with.
Whoa, I don't want to be offensive at all, but you're literally rejecting your own physical composition as truth. In your physical body lies the truth of how things work, simply from what you're composed of and how it works. Because you've "heard it all before" and are incapable of understanding it, it must be wrong? Wow. If that's not an ego of ignorance, what is it?
It's funny because I've never had an atheist knock on my door trying to spread his beliefs.In real life religious people are way more annoying.
Well I wouldn't say edgy.Any preteen of sound mind will learn of logic and rail out against the glory of jesus before gaining divine experience and humbling himself before the power of god and growing up.
Well at least I'm not a faggot
ignore hundreds of years of religious moral developments as common sensediscards all tradition passed on from generations to generations as being for gullible idiotsreplaces this with nothing or some variation of "survival of the fittest bitches"How is this not edgy?
Because not believing in something that can't exist is the same as throwing all tradition and morals out the window
divine experience
Yes.
Oh lordy jesus I prayed to you to let the Saints win the Superbowl and you came through for me, I now humble myself before this awe-inspiring divine experience and am now matured.
Then go to church and contribute to the good of the cause you cocksucker.
It is when all of the morals we know and love rely on the fact that god exists. Maybe atheists haven't realized this yet are just going through the motions.
Yes why don't those 4 year old africans just grow their own food and stop genocidestupid niggers when will they learn
Doesnt matter if God exists, no ones getting into heaven anyway.
Religion is nonsense a that's all there is too it really. Religious people can spout memes and pat each other on the back all they want but it doesn't change the fact that they're wrong.Religion is dying in the west and there's nothing they can do about it.
le tip
I am a fedora tipper and I prefer to have culture and traditional relationship. Religion is just irrelevant these days.
Most of the people spouting the fedora meme are just contrarian atheists more often than not
If God took away the genociders' ability to genocide, then he would be affecting free will, ya dingus.
religious moral developmentsNewsflash: killing people is wrong, slavery is good. Oh wait, society doesn't like slavery anymore...ummm ok slavery is like, still there but God doesn't like it now. traditions passed down through a long game of Telephone have to be good because people keep doing themignore all of humanism because this is way too hard to base my concept of morality around something that wasn't developed thousands of years ago
I'm copying and pasting this in a word document. It was perfectly said.
Religion is dying in the west and there's nothing they can do about it.I hope so m8.
So there's no reason to be a good person if there's no floating man in the sky?Never mind the fact the the majority of criminals are religious. Probably because crime and religion both correlate with low IQs.
nice samefag lol pathetic
if god cares more about free will than genocide hes a fucking spastic
cherry picking anon
Now god I can buy, but believing in free will? HURRRRR DURRRRR
kek
If you think "hurr durr stop bad things because they're bad" is more important than allowing humanity to advance or fall on its own, there's a reason you're not God.
There are two ways to not believe in free will, if you don't believe in God at all, and believing specifically in a God that doesn't give you free will. In these hypotheticals we're talking about a God that specifically gives free will, so stop being autistic.
I've never understood if the religious posters on 4chan are real or just contrarian troll posters.
Who gives a fuck about humanity advancing on it's own? why is that important in any wayThis entire idea of god just sounds like some cunt fucking about on the sims
You know, I never really noticed that many religious people on 4chan until the whole fedora meme started happening.I think most of the religious people here are either trolls or ultra-conservative /pol/tards.
implying God is ok with getting the "core beliefs" correct"Sure, come on in to Heaven! A place that I was so worried about human beings building a tower to that I created different languages!"
You caused this atheists.
why is that important in any wayI hope you're joking and don't honestly believe your own personal suffering would be more important than that to an omnipotent being.
I know it's bait, but what is with that "militant christianist" image? Do atheists think southerners just shoot people for saying abortion should be a choice?
The beauty is in the eye in the beholder, in this case, of logic. It made perfect sense,
If god allows suffering then he's an ass who isn't really worth worshippingwhy would anyone worship someone who has the power to stop bad shit but instead just sits there and goes "lol im not doing that watching afircan children get hacked to death with machetes is far too fun"
at a certain point god not existing makes more sense and is less grating than your insufferable, unimaginably dumb apologetics
Even muslims are loosing their faith when they enter the western world. Muslims are shitting themselves top lel.the reactionary comments from Muslimsclass="quote"b.b..but athiesm is trendy at the momentatheism is makes life easyit has nothing to do of our backward ways!!!!ex muslims are too stupid see miracles in the quran are actually correspond with scientific discoveriesbawwww
speaking in absolutes in philosophical conversationstop retard
taking philosophy seriously as a subjecttop retard
genuinely believing you engage in philosophical conversations, on 4chan no lessfreshman year of college is a truly an exciting time, i'm sure you have fun in your intro to ethics class. 3 parts of the soul amirite
If it wasn't for bad things, what would good things be? Think logically for three seconds.
Fact: It is impossible to prove logical deductions to someone who can't understand them. With the size of most's ego, they would even turn it around and blame them for not knowing what they're talking about because they can't understand it. What a terrible situation!
Atheismthe religion of peace
implying I'm taking this any more seriously than you areTop self-gratificationphilosophical conversationa conversation regarding philosophybecause we're on 4chan, that's somehow impossibleYou're retarded.
not the guy you responded to but the whole "we need bad to have good" is retarded because if there is a god he can do absolutely anything he wants. he could take away all pain and suffering while still giving us the ability to understand what good is.
Two ways my ass.God can be the creator of reality, and reality clearly runs on causality.
Top autist
if there is a god he can do absolutely anything he wantshe can do absolutely anythinghe can doheshe****
If it wasn't for bad things everyone would be happierYes the idea of good and bad would cease to exist, but who the fuck cares literally everyone would be better off
What would even be the point then, hippie retard? What kind of story doesn't have conflict? Would you even ~want~ to live in a world that is just everybody sucking each others' dick 24/7?
seeFucking idealistic teenagers.
Would you even ~want~ to live in a world that is just everybody sucking each others' dick 24/7?Yes this actually sounds great
Do you actually believe in god etc and why?I'm not challenging your beliefs I'm just curious since I can't get a sense of 4chans religious demographic.
i'm not saying there is a point, I'm just saying the whole "darkness is the absence of light, badness is the absence of good, can't have good without bad" does nothing to prove the existence of god, it merely proves you are incapable of original thought
Yes, because I am his Messiah.
We're talking about an omnipotent being who can do literally anything, why can't I be idealistic?
Why is our reality a story? Why can't life just be.
Question to religious people. How do you reconcile the fact that any argument to defend your religion can also be used to defend any other religion? What makes your religion more true than any other?
To be really blunt the reason there is pain and suffering is because of YOU. It's all your fault and you should feel lucky that god still loves you despite choosing to separate yourself from him by being an evil degenerate. It's okay though because you can rectify these wrongs through loving god.
Because God's not as big a faggot as you.I never said it proved God, it just gives reasoning behind God's not sucking everybody's dick.It is just being, without God's intervention.

see and that's great if you have the mental capacity of a child but anyone capable of rational thought isn't going to go for that.
If god was competent in making his creations there would be nothing to rectify, a perfect god would make perfect creations in capable of fault
a perfect god would make perfect creations in capable of faultWhy? Because that's what ~you~ would do? Get off your high horse.
Because God's not as big a faggot as youincredible argument, an amazing example of the average double digit iq christian
it just gives reasoning behind God's not sucking everybody's dick.Right, and it's terrible reasoning, because God is absolutely capable of anything and thus could create a world where there was good and no bad. Because he's God. And he can do anything.
To piggyback, I am a little rusty on dogma, is God considered perfect?
I'd rather that than pointless suffering, its easy for us to say shit like that because we live comfy lives where our biggest conflicts are spilling spaghetti around girls, but think back to the fucking dark ages, just imagine the insurmountable amount of suffering people endured because of ignorance and fear, rape, torture, lifelong imprisonment in hellish conditions for the tiniest fuck up. We are so fucking lucky to live in the age of faggotry and rights.
Why? Because that's what ~you~ would do? Get off your high horse.This isn't an argument this is just shitposting
That doesn't mean he would. Because that's gay.
According to christian mythology yes
I'd rather that than pointless suffering,That's why you're not God. And nice trips.
Hey man, you say whatever you have to say to 1 delude yourself into believing in God and 2 convince people you are straight
I don't want statements about sexuality from the guy who can't understand any good story that doesn't end with dick sucking.
Well no the reason he isn't god is because god doesn't exist, therefore no one can be godhell even in christian mythology its not like god was interviewed first and then given the job
There's no reason why god would make us perfect. You're saying that because you're entitled to not suffering and see it as evil. Well I have news for you son, the only salvation is through god. He didn't put us here to have a good time.
Christianity is the only religion.
Why does life have to be a story, particularly considering I was never asked whether I wanted to be part of said story or not
mfw a athelete thanks godYeah, because helping you win the championship was more important than saving kids from being raped and murdered. I'm just saying if you're gonna thank god for the good things then you must hold him accountable for the bad shit too, but religious people just love cherry picking.
He didn't put us here to have a good time.Then he's an evil god if he made people for the purpose of suffering isn't he?
Kill yourself if you've got such a problem with life then faggot.
dude bad things are obviously gonna happen i'm not saying the world would be better with only good things i'm just saying your rationalizations of God's motives for allowing unneccessary suffering are nothing more than an attempt to fit God into a world that clearly exists without him
BTFO
if you make somebody suffer, you're evilDon't you have 3rd grade to go to tomorrow? You should go to bed.
but that's a sin apparently so I'm not allowed to do that according to your beliefs
That's what an imperfect sinner would say when he talks about something that's perfect god.
god does a not existElaborate
Not according to ~my~ beliefs. Why does everybody act like Christianity and other Abraham religions are the only ones that exist?
Well yes even according to the fucking bible making someone suffer is in fact considered evilAre you fucking retarded or something?
I wasn't aware the Bible was an infallible source about morality. Retard.
Because it's that one that hurt their butts.
That amazing lack of logic
you know instead of trying to argue that God is still good even though he allows people to suffer, you could easily just say God has no reason to be good and if he wants to cause suffering that's just what he wants and we can't question it. At least that argument is logical.

What other religion would anyone even considering believing? Fucking islam? Or did you just make your own god up
I'm mad at God because I'm not him!
Good and bad are just opinions, talking about whether or not God's evil or good is just my personal opinions. Nothing logical or illogical about it.
islam is an abrahamic religion you dolt
Man shoots up a theater.Survivor: "I'm so glad god decided to save me!"
The only dolt is the one who made his own god up
As opposed to the one made up by who?
Well he is a fucking cunt if we're to go by your beliefs so why wouldn't people be mad at him
i dont believe in god i wasn't the guy you were replying to. please stop being an atheist though because i dont want retards to be atheists
Like God gives a shit if you're mad at him. Your being mad at him won't do anything but make your butt sore. Get over it.
As opposed to not believing in a god at all because believing in one is fucking dumb, particularly when you literally made him up yourself

Why would believing a God made up by yourself be more silly than believing in a God made up by somebody else?
Well he doesn't exist so it's not like he cares about anything really.
Because at least when someone else made him up you don't directly know that he's made upDeluding yourself is generally considered mental illness
Then why the fuck are you even bothering to argue about the morality of His decisions? Unless you somehow believe that God being "evil" disproves his existence?
You're just mad at him because he gave you free will and you used it to hurt yourself. That's real petty.
I was more arguing against the christian idea of god, it only really became apparent I was arguing against lunacy later down the line
So much bait from this guy.Are you the fedora who was shit posting in the Buddhism thread? Lawl
because you made it up, it's not realTop commoner
Anon knows what's up
What kind of story doesn't have conflict?a comfy one
Christianity isn't realbut it's somehow more real than other things that aren't real, because everything but it is lunacy:^
Being lied to by someone else is slightly less insane the lying to yourself yes
free willlol, even looking at it from a religious standpoint that would be impossible, an all powerful god would already know the outcome which means none of us can change our fates. Some people are just destined to fuck up.
So god knows the outcome? who cares? That doesn't change that choices were made by you.
I dare you name literally one story without any conflict at all.
Stimulus opens up the related neural pathways, "you" have already made the choice before you are even aware of it.There is strong evidence for this being the case.Free will does not exist.
What if God makes it exist?
I'm not a neural pathway. Whatever stimulus happened it was to my body not me. This doesn't change anything.
Here's something that always botherd me. How to Christians know that gods plan is for what's good for us. Maybe god is evil and his plan is actually just to fuck with us and create suffering. There is no way to tell. They are both equally valid.
Then it would, but he doesn't, all evidence and logic points to the contrary.Maybe he can scrap universe #432897239846289365493287592837428934728936523897230948703295870923754 or whatever one we live in and make another one where the evidence points otherwise.
muh evidenceYou're evidence don't mean SHIT next to the idea of omnipotence.
Yes, that is what a militant atheist actually looks like. Too bad the comic was actually poking fun at how the word militant is usually used in those contexts, it weren't trying to claim there are no actual militant atheists.
I, a true Christian, am happy, while the atheists in this thread are anally destroyed. 2nd plan invalidated.
A perfect being wouldn't do that though. They would love us despite all of our flaws and would forgive us and want the best for us.
Depending on which school of thought that you're coming from, the way God is seen as in traditional western philosophies is that basicallyGod is "Good"everything he makes is goodto be good is to be more like Godthe mind/spirit and the body are two separate thingsphysical manifestations are susceptible to corruption IE, our bodiesto be closer to God is to improve your mind/soulsuffering is more likely than not a test of your virtue, and like a gladiator in an arena, should be glad that you get a chance to prove you are goodThe small details vary depending on which philosophical tradition you're subscribing to
Believing in anything at all that can't be proven 100% universally.
How to you know what a perfect being is?Your assuming he has human morals and would want to fuck things up, but I don't see why that should be the case. And another I'm thing you said that he loves us despite our flaws but when you think about it we are pretty fucking embarrassing work for a perfect being. Physically, intellectually and morally. It is coceivable in the next few decades we can create machines that could surpass us in all these categories. Maybe not as fast as sci fi makes it out but it will happen eventually and how can god be the perfect creator if his creation can do better than him
Well there goes all of all human achievement.At least we can all agree that gravity makes things fall. Or not in actuality.
There are some things that are better than others so there has to be something that's the greatest thing and that's god.Being moral means being closer to god so our morals aren't human morals but were created by god.I don't see how robots change anything. God would be responsible for creating them as well since he's responsible for creating everything even if it's through humans.
At least we can all agree that gravity makes things fall. Or not in actuality.Yeah about right, no problem there. Accept the brain you have. I don't ironically act stupid, it isn't fun, but do whatever makes you happy.
mfw when 4chan is so retardedly contrarian that they get more religious even as it gets more and more obvious that God doesn't exist
You pay for what your parents did. Is this a unspoken concept for our generations?
My aunt used this logic when a bridge collapsed and killed a bunch of people. She said God protected those who didn't die and that makes him great.
I suppose you think you could do better?
Did he call himself god?
militant and atheist is not militant atheism.they were commies and killed people to stay in power, not to spread atheism
killed people to stay in power, not to spread atheismThose two are one and the same
You're right, I can't argue against an unfalsifiable argument.Things go wellIt's because God made them go wellThings don't go wellIt's because it's part of God's bigger picture
thats actually incorrectthings go wellits because God allowed it tothings go badits because God allowed it toMaybe you're arguing the Christian viewpoint
So do Christians just not follow the Old Testament or what? What about Jews? Why aren't they stoning people to death in the streets for premarital sex and shit?
Wow, that's some seriously sharp 4th grade atheism right there. Well done. Clap clap clap.
I'm an atheist, and I think abortion is morally wrong and have an assault rifle, a semi auto shotgun, and a revolver.Using those pictures as a measuring stick, I'm closer to a militant christianist. Then again, I'm not a militant anything.
I was raised in a christian family and wanted to believe in God really badly, but if God is real he must fucking hate me.super low testosteronemigraine headaches on the regulardepressionschizophreniaoccasional homosexual urgesoccasional violent urgesconstant suicidal thoughtsI can't complain because I live in a first world country and am physically healthy, but holy shit, I cannot fathom why God would give a kid from a Christian family such a garbage brain. I don't understand what I did wrong, I went to church, I prayed, I studied the Bible, I never hurt anyone. And yet, here I am, with a brain afflicted by several "damned to Hell" worthy problems, and God doesn't seem to care when I pray asking for help. If he cared about me and I thought he did care about his followers I thought he'd help me with some of these issues but I get more and more fucked up and unhinged with time, despite my best efforts.He won't stop ISIS from killing and raping, he wont save kids in Africa, he won't help me with my mental health problems, but God took time out of his day to smite down a city of faggots? God took the time out of his day to make your team win the Superbowl?It makes no fucking sense at all. I've been on the brink of killing myself many times and prayed to God for help. Nothing. If he has a plan for me and doesn't want me to go to Hell you'd think he could say even one word.Yeah, and about the Hell thing, it's pretty sad but the fear of hell is probably the only thing that keeps me even vaguely interested in following Christianity. God has had so little of a positive impact in my life that it's only out of fear of torment that I follow. How fucked is that...
Have you considered Catholicism and not your mud Christian religion, you filthy heretic?
, 
Can we have a thread where a man gets fed up with it all and totally BTFOs some stupid abusive sluts?Here, tell me how this makes you feel?just wanted to stand up and fucking clap.
Nigga got ROASTED by a ROASTIE
No? He obviously roasted that stupid cunt you cuck
Hey, /r9k/, what fetishes make you alone?
I really like kissing in porn but according to some other threads most guys hate it, I'm a sad lonley faggot
Kayleigh?
Voreplease kill me
CuddlingSweatersSkirtsI know why I will die alone.
Scat femdom, like in yapoo's market. I've almost done it before but chickened out.It has also ruined a relationship when one of my exs stumbled across an external hard drive from my youth I forgot I had. Ugh.Wish I wasn't into this shit. Kek.
I like deformed guys like Quasimodo, and monsters, aliens, things like that, but gentle loving sex with these creatures. Almost gentle femdom. Where I the girl is in control, and he is always a shivering, stuttering mess, hes got to be a complete social outcast. Sometimes I wonder if this fetish indicates something wrong with me since it's so reverse of what I think the conventional stuff is for a girl to be into. A hot dominating Chad I guess?
No, I bet that girls think that's comforting and adorable.
I like feet but it's never been a problem for girls I've dated.Unless it's some really dark shit, most girls won't be bothered by your kinks if they're into you.
Beta you mean?
impregnating two or more women with their knowledge and consentsafe, consensual, non-lethal voretransformation preferably consensual, but if she at least retains her conciousness and humanity at the end it's okay.Thankfully I'm repulsive to real women so it's not like I have to tell anyone this.
How does non-lethal vore work? I'm really curious.
Tall, motherly womenI'm a manlet
Fire ant bites on crotches. I have a fantasy where a woman gets a bite next to her clit, and she has to try to not rub in public.
Tall affectionate women with soft feet
Futa
wanting a gf
I love cock but not the guys they are attached to.
my foot fetish is okay with some girls and weird with othersAlso into anal play which only one of my girlfreinds enjoyed doing to me
Girls with noticeably hairy backs. Nobody else has this fetish.
girl fetish
Wanting a boyfriend who treats me like a human being instead of feebly attempting redpill pseudoscience. Pedestals are also worthless. Just talk to me about books and games. Woo my sad robot heart with Sartre and Witcher. I'm not a bad cook because some skills transfer from chem lab. So alone, you guys.
diaperit could be worse, but it's still bad.
Do you think it is redpill pseudoscience for a man to act like a man? I don't think you should treat women wrong, you should treat them equally, but you should act like a man all the same. For reasons of self respect, not to improve your "pickup game".
pic relatedfemdom hypno. Every porn of it out there is POV shit.
one of my exs stumbled across an external hard drive from my youth I forgot I had.You should have killed her. How did you explain it?I have a domination/sadism fetish. Might not be the worst but it sucks, it's so hard to find porn to get off to. Everyone says girls actually like being raped and beaten? Well being honest about it has lost me 2 gfs who were both completely out of my fucking league and took literally months of work to land.Now I just cbf'd with the wimminz but surprisingly I ain't missing a thang.
I'm posting in the hopes that others share this fetish on this board. It's not abnormal but not exactly common either it's tile patterns. My fetish is tile patterns. I just like how the colours and lines look. More detailed the pattern the better. If my tiles get dirty I get really upsetpic related
I've never heard of a fetish like this. I'm actually really interested, will you share your pictures of tile patterns with me?
Sure. Yeah it's a bit rare. I'll upload some to imgur and link you
Literal cuckold fetish here, although I have no interest in doing it in reality because it would probably end up a double murder-suicide
Torture, homicide, necrophilia, decomposition.By its very nature I only spend a very limited amount of time with the person in question before they're an inanimate object. It's entirely possible to hold someone in your arms and feel completely alone.It would be nice to find someone else with the same interests.
When did you find out you were this way?I have a fetish that isn't accepted by people either. It's pretty much a 180 from you, but i understand wanting something you can't have
I bet you just make this shit up for the sake of your internet persona.
I love those threads because I know you're going to show up! Hows life going my waifu?
The very first time I masturbated was to the thought of a corpse. When I was a kid, I went to a lot of funerals, and I was always attracted to the bodies. I've always wanted to be with bodies. I was horrified by the idea, though, and did everything I could to find an alternative all through my teens. It wasn't until I was an adult that I really accepted that I'm this way.tl;dr found out when I was a little kid and as soon as I became sexually aware, didn't accept it at all until I was an adultI understand if you're reluctant to talk about it, but do you mind me asking what your fetish is?I've been talking about the same shit almost every day for the last decade. Give me a more dedicated troll. I'm not spouting shit, this is something that haunts me every single day, and I'm trying to get some solace and comfort through the internet. You can think whatever the hell you want, though.I'm honestly not sure how to respond. Life's going as okay as it can right now. How are you doing?
do you like eggman
See, i kind of figured it was a life long thing.I'm the exact same way, i remember laying in bed as a kid and praying to god begging them to change me..Luckily however my preference is towards love, protection and generally 'frilly' emotions between to people and not uhm..As metal as your preferences. LolI know you go to therapy - i wish i could. I don't really need it because i'm a recluse and celibate.
beastiality. i love watching girls make out with dogs on youtube, but all the comments are about how disgusting it is. tfw no bf to threesome with a doggy
I don't think that it's important to make gender stereotypes a necessary part of who you are. Do your best to live a moral life, give to good charities, have hobbies that make you happy and grow your mind. If your needs overlap with manly things, so be it. Just don't confuse asshole behavior with "being alpha hurr durr".
I understand. Give yourself a lot of credit- you're celibate, you don't want to hurt anyone, you aren't doing anything wrong. Hopefully, even without therapy you can learn to deal with your issue in a healthy way. Honestly, all my therapists are useless when it comes to my sexuality. They've all dismissed it as something we'll tackle years from now, after we've handled the other shit. You're better off independent and self-sufficient.
you masturbate to that stuff? tf
How the FUCK did you get a picture of my sister?
You know, you could probably easily date a member of the edgier parts of the Hannibal fandom. They might accept your gore fascination.
I have a doppelgnger? Cool. Too bad there is no way we will ever meet because I am just a creepy internet stranger.
Do you want to go on a date with me?
They've all dismissed it as something we'll tackle years from nowSo what are the issues they want to discuss right now? & if you're willing to shareWhat are your thoughts on the root of your problem? - I have no idea why i am the way i am personally..The beauty in ever sense is overwhelming. I'm just drawn in like a moth to light.
I love kissing in porn and I love when the girl's really into it and tongue raping him harder than he's going for herSpeaking of girls I want to be tongue raped by, OP please post more of her
Right now I'm dating a very, very hardcore masochist who doesn't judge me for my necrophilia. We can't do anything sexually, but it's the closest thing I've ever had to a normal, healthy relationship. If I were to date someone into some fandom, I'd always be afraid that I was just a novelty to them and that they didn't really care about me past my issues. I really appreciate the suggestion, though.So what are the issues they want to discuss right now? My extreme paranoia and trust issues, difficulty with relationships, the homicidal urges I fight with, guilt over things I've done in the past, relationship issues friends, familythis is the biggest one and romance, my drinking, you know. The usual.What are your thoughts on the root of your problem?Issues with my family and upbringing. I was brought up in some hellish fucking circumstances and it feels like I was robbed of the ability to develop into a normal, healthy human being. I am so angry and resentful that I project my emotions onto everyone else, to the extent that I was a misanthropist for most of my life and literally wanted to kill everyone that I met. I saw in corpses what I couldn't have in everyone else- security, comfort, respect, intimacy, things that I had been taught were unattainable. I am a very intimate and affectionate person, and I needed SOMETHING to put all of that love into. Corpses were an immediate solution that offered seemingly no drawbacks when I was a child and too young to realize the horrors that awaited me.I've had years to reflect on this and figure out why I am the way that I am. It will probably take twice as long to actually do anything with that knowledge, but it's at least nice to not have to wonder why anymore. I hope you can do the same.
Want to impregnate a bunch of womenWant a harem of women obsessed with meAm female
Dating your sister's body double, while thread relevant, isn't something I'd want to encourage.
I saw in corpses what I couldn't have in everyone else- security, comfort, respect, intimacy, things that I had been taught were unattainable. I am a very intimate and affectionate person, and I needed SOMETHING to put all of that love into.That is my problem too.It's rather funny how we can be so far apart mentally yet so close at the same time..the homicidal urges I fight withguilt over things I've done in the pastI've never done anything guilt worthy, but i do have an overhanging sense of shame and guilt about my preferences when i see people interacting in a healthy way with their loved ones. -The thought of how they would feel and react to me, and the burden i would place on someone so helpless even if it's in a gentle loving nature in the long term sickens me in a way that i really can't verbalize. I have a hard time believing anybody could hate me, as much as i hate me.Do you ever feel this way?.. or any empathy at all?Also might i add; I very much appreciate this conversation. It's the closest thing i can get to help and is sadly very rare these days.
It's rather funny how we can be so far apart mentally yet so close at the same time..Once upon a time I went to a support group for sex offenders. Virtually everyone there could relate to each other on some level. Doesn't matter if you're a pedophile or a necrophile, there's a common thread that ties us all together in this horrifying mess.i do have an overhanging sense of shame and guilt about my preferences when i see people interacting in a healthy way with their loved onesI think this hurts more than anything else. It's an integral part of the human experience and to have it denied to you can be almost unbearable.I have a hard time believing anybody could hate me, as much as i hate me.I'd give you a brohug right now if I could. iktf, anon. I always feel that wayAlso might i add; I very much appreciate this conversation. It's the closest thing i can get to help and is sadly very rare these days.It's my pleasure. I'm so glad to hear that you appreciate it as much as I do. We've got to look out for each other, you know?
yes I do. It's hard to explain but I'm attracted to the metal and not the material
I like to be in control but Not in that kink y Way funny thing that was my Fetish beforetfw no gf to brush Her teeth andHer Hairtfw no gf to help Her choose Her clothing tfw no gf that will be 100% obssesed and dependant on meTfw no gif that will make me cookies using Her squirttfw no gf Which I can track Her actions 24/7tfw no gf that will Message me all day Wanting her yo know hows my dayThe yandere concept really turns me on like no other but The content published really doesnt catter what I want
sex offendersAre they decent people? I've always viewed the types who lack the ability to look but not touch as dangerous assholes.Like, i wouldn't go to a museum and touch my favorite works of art and soil their beauty. to have it denied to you can be almost unbearable.I can't tell if it hurts worse to look back and see the ruins of my emotional state, or to look forward and to see absolutely nothingIt's like i'm swimming in fire.I'd give you a brohug right nowTouching is scary. I don't know about you personally, but it feels like being tased to me.I just lock up and can't think. It's such a shock to my system because i've never experienced any intimacy.We've got to look out for each other, you know?We do make an odd pair. Do you like this character? - it's kind of how i see you.I love louise :3
Are they decent people?Depends on the person. Some of them had only collected a large amount of CP and were upstanding guys who would never lay a finger on a child, or exhibitionists who didn't want to hurt anybody. Others were seasoned child molestors who had absolutely no qualms about their crimes and who I refused to associate with. It really varied. I felt like a rat bastard being there, though, for the shit that I had done and as the only necrophile in the group, it was like being alone in a room full of people, you know?It's like i'm swimming in fire.I find that it helps more to keep looking forward, no matter how bleak things seem. You can't change the past, but you can always do something about your future.It's such a shock to my system because i've never experienced any intimacy.Just a friendly thumbs-up, then. I understand the aversion to being touched by others, it took me years to get over it. Hope one day you can, too.I love louise :3I'm flattered since you love the character so much. I'm personally not too crazy about her, but then again, I've only seen one episode of the show so I may not have a totally informed opinion.I hope you're as delighted as I am that a thread about alienation has led to some nice conversation.
it was like being alone in a room full of people, you know?If i'm judging you correctly, don't you always feel like that? - I assumed that sense of disconnection from other living people is what drove you to your current state.but you can always do something about your future.That's what keeps me alive really. Has suicide ever been on prevalent in your life?it took me years to get over itEverybody on here says to just go out and do it.. like jumping off a cliff. Is that what you did?absolutely no qualms about their crimes Did they speak? What was their mental state like? I just can't even imagine that - a huge part of my obsession is the love and kindness..I'm flattered since you love the character so much.That character is tina. pic related is louise.. She's younger & loves her dad a lot thread about alienation has led to some nice conversation.How long have you been around these parts, cowboy? I used to have conversation here all the time with the most interesting people but recently it's turned into 99% bait & cuck cuck cuck.I really fucking hate that word.
tfw you're below 6'how do you even live as a manlet?
By not obsessing over a stupid /fit/ meme?
One day at a time, anon. Just surround yourself with even shorter people.
5'11" here. It's a struggle, but alcohol helps numb the agony.
By living in a state full of mexicans.
be 5'9 literally never think about height unless I see someone extremely tall or short Its fine for me
Yeah but then you're living with mexicans
The food is good and Latinas are sexy as fuck.
Anyone else here /smell-like-shit/?haven't showered in literally monthsdon't own a toothbrush
I'm not sure whether you are proud or ashamed. I'm guessing the former, when you should be the latter.
want to go somewherepick up jeans from the floorsniff the buttsmells badpick another pairsniffnot as badok they'll do
Provide the name and address of two people who are neither your guarantor nor relatives and who have known you for the last 2 years. We will contact them to confirm your identity.
I'M SO FUCKING TIRED OF THIS GIVE ME A JOB I WANT A JOB I WANT A JOB ENTRY LEVEL SHOULDN'T RQUIRE 20 YEARS EXPERIENCE GIVE ME A JOB REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
, 
What is the strangest, spookiest thing you've ever seen in real life?
We'll I've been to an exhibit called Body Worlds where they basically take real dead people and fuck with their bodies for the lulz/money.Pic very related.
An elderly gentleman dying from a heart attack while fucking my ass.
A le spooky ghost man
holy shit
I respect women
I'm a woman
who /nofriends/ here? My last friend stopped replying to my messages a month ago.
Why?
Me too.
Because I would rather not go drinking every Friday? Not completely sure
The only best friend I ever had online for years seems to have just forgotten about me. So yeah now I have nobody
You have us, Anon.
lost all my high school friends as soon as we finished grade 12. makes me think we werent even friends in the first place because every summer break we would never hang out with each other. come to think of it we only hung out maybe 2 times out of school.finding this out pretty much loses all motivation i had to make friends in university. shit sucks
Are you me? Exactly the same situation in High School.
a month agoIs this like those normie bait "no sex for a month" threads?
yea, I've withdrawn completely over the past two months or so. i did something unfathomably stupid to myself a few months ago, and I will soon be dead because of it. Just need to contact a lawyer to finalize my will. i never thought I'd under such circumstances, but i can't complete too much; life was fun while it lasted
NEET life hacks thread.put a tissue on your keyboard before you fap, then if you cum on it you'll be prepared and have a tissue ready for when you cum anyway
Neet life hackdon't fap
NEET life hack:Get a job.
Or just keep a toilet paper roll next to your computer pleb Also since you're sitting all day make sure you have a pillow under you or a good chair for posture because your lower back or wrists will eventually start hurting if you arnt aware of that
Hard time finding a girlfriend accepting of your no-work ways?Dress up like a girl and be your own girlfriend.
Finding life too hard and you blame it all on outside factors or brain chemicals?Why not try inhaling a tank of helium? Itll cure your blues and youll never have to be annoyed ever again !
That actually sounds pretty fun, too bad I can't afford clothes
before you get comfy prepare a snack and save it for later. you'll be happy when you're high/drunk/fapped out at midnight and dont have to make food
This, use toilet paper instead of tissues. Easier to get rid of.
I just whack it in the shows or on my pants before I shower since the pants are going to be cleaned anyway
NEET life hack: wear your mother/sister's clothes
NEET hacks:Use paper towels instead of toilet paper, they last longer because the sheets are far bigger and more durable, you can wipe up to 3 or more times with one sheetKeep an extra shower towel specifically for catching your cum, shower towels can be washed and re-usedbright screens or bright lights can damage your eyes cataracts could form sooner wear shades or lower your screens brightnessAfter a fap session, pop a zinc pill with some water, your cum supply will be restored quicker
These are some good hacks
After a fap session, pop a zinc pill with some water, your cum supply will be restored quickerI was under the impression people usually masturbate for orgasms, which would make the refractory period an issue instead of cum production.
Buy these about a dozen-pack at a time, line up about 6 near your deskPee in the same one you drank from, then return it back to the line when full. Important: Do not forget which bottles are pee! If parents come into the room they will be none the wiser of the contents of the bottle, and if they ask for one you can just hand them a still unopened false-flag bottle. 6 bottles should last you 2 days or so without the need to get up to pee.Also, keep a regular empty water bottle handy in case of clear-looking pee.
Whoops, forgot the all important picture.
noice, I told my cuck niece and nephew my piss jug was full of apple juice when they found it in my closet
orgasmsthe sensations of which are affected by how much of a load you have to blow
l argenine works much better, makes your dick hard as a rock
A tip for cyborgs who have the displeasure of other people touching their computers.Use a separate browser for all porn-viewing, and keep that browser a few clicks away from the start menu.Normies will always click the first browser they see, then they'll think they are clever to browse through your history, to their dismay they will only to find links to common and uncommon rarity Pepes. No rares.
calisthenics be neat, neet
I miss the NEET life. Here are some tips from a former pro.1. Throw your poop out the window to save on water.2. Wipe your butt by dragging your ass on the carpet.3. Need to write something? Use the wall. There's plenty of it.4. Caffeine pills are cheaper than food.5. Fap into your dirty socks instead of wasting tissues.6. Pile up your dirty laundry in a corner. No need for a toilet now.7. Strip your apartment of copper wiring for a quick buck.8. Use the local McDonald's to shave and brush your teeth.9. Use honey mustard instead of wasting money on toothpaste.10. Food courts are great places to find abandoned plates of food.Good luck, NEETs.
lot of tissue paper discussion for a NEET thread. i mean why not just flick it away, rub on chair, etc. who gives a fuck REEEEEEEEEEEEE
I'm a cyborg I guess, but when I was full NEET I ate it so fuck off.
Really? I wasn't aware. Thanks for clearing that up.
using a toilet paper rollnot just using a towel which has infinite uses and cost no money besides throwing in the laundary every once in a whiletowel cleans your dick better and doesnt get tiny pieces of paper stuck to your dickfucking plebsa sock or a old tshirt or something is INFINATELY better than toilet paper. i only use a tissue if i cant find anything to wipe my dick on
-if the jews force you to work, go to your local IRS bureau and have them do your taxes. The IRS will do you taxes so long as you make under 30k a year you do and they'll find every deduction under the sun.-thanks to obama, health insurance is cheap as fug. I'm paying $16 a month for mine and was paying $8 a month when i lived in florida higher volume meant cheaper prices. You have to get the people over the phone to do it though. I even listened to the lady argue on the other line with the insurance jew over making the insurance cheaper.-if you order dominos, go to the online tracker and there's an option to leave a "note of encouragement". pick one and they'll put more effort into your pizza.-if you live in georgia and are renting a place, feel free to cum on your carpets as much as you want. state lawl forces all landlords to replace carpets for each new tenant.-ozium spray will eliminate all odors. all of them. it's so strong that it's dangerous to breathe, so leave the room for a minute after you spray it.-4chan's GIF board now accepts webm's. It's a great board for starting up a fap session.-bing's video search is the best porn tube site-if you're white, under 25, and need money, there are plenty of rich old guys on craigslist who will suck your dick for $100-$150. That's right, they're paying YOU to GIVE you a blowjob. It's illegal to blatantly ask for money on there though, so you have to say "offering my dick to a generous man". the word "generous" is craigslist lingo for paid sex.-if you live with your parents, pirate shit for them so they don't have to buy premium TV like HBO. Also fix their computer/smartphone troubles. These two things alone will make you seem worth keeping around in the eyes of tech illiterate baby boomers.
Going abck to work tomorrow not excited about it. Only took one nap today hooray. How are you all doing?
at least you have a job
I really, really just want to drink myself into oblivion.But I'm not because I can't work through a hangover. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Thats true. Its not a terrible job even though its near minimum wage
Crippling is right. The depression is so bad most of the time I can barely function. I skip meals and let my place fall apart. It's pretty bad. You're lucky if you can hold down a job.
Pretty noble of you to make these threads, man.On /r9k/ of all places.Fuck, we need a cure for depression.
I had to take a few days off because I broke Can you get like slightly drunk as to not have such a massive hangover?noblenot really I just thought r9k needed more hope? I guessFuck, we need a cure for depression.True that
I had my first day at Target today, although it was just training on the computer. Very monotonous and tedious work for hours, but in a way I liked it. I know once my actual job starts it's going to be very stressful but I wish just doing boring training videos could be a fulltime job. Feels surreal knowing my aimless, free days are coming to an end.Hope you've been well Skelly, I'm happy to see you seem to be back on these threads after a while.
Grats man, good luck with the new job. Itll be stressful at first but then it will just be boringThanks, I've been trying to commit myself to do things and I have to start small i guess
Had nothing to do today, so I decided to fuck around with some rustoleums I picked up at Lowes. Man, I wish I had enough motivation and/or disregard for my extant myelin sheaths to actually gitgud with aerosol art.
myelin sheathsidk what that isBut nice penis art
Best threads on r9k
I think I have to self harm. It's been over a year clean, but I really fucking need it, medications don't work. I wish I lived alone so I didn't have to worry about mom seeing me in shorts and flipping out, she deserves more than that.
It's a dielectric material that insulates part of the neurons of vertebrates. Exposure to solvents may destroy myelin sheaths in the brain and nervous system, leading to apoptosis and irreversible neurological degeneration.
Thanks, I tend to think so :^You don't have to, there are other outlets for frustration/anger. Although I don't really know much about you so I cant say where it comes from or whatever. Have you tried CBT or any other therapy for self harm?neat
Skeleton you're pretty cool for a tripfag. I hope things work out. It's hard to keep a job when you're that depressed.
Thx thx, and it really is. I don't want to go back to work for like another month or five but I really need the money.
I'm doing okay I guess, I've been taking a new medicine for my allergies which seems to be working out well so far. My parents are going on vacation all next week so I'll have the house to myself and some much needed time away from them. Unfortunately the girl I'm madly in love with but also totally hate messaged me today for the first time in 4 months. Like usual, it was a blatantly intimate and manipulative message, designed to make me jealous and to draw me back into her cycle of manipulation and emotional torture. I didn't respond, but the temptation is so strong, even though I know the end result, that I feel almost helpless against the pull she has on me.
Don't respond, put her out of your mind. People like that are the fucking worst.
ave you tried CBT or any other therapy for self harm?What is CBT? Or rather what are some techniques I can try by myself?
Pretty shitty. Just sitting around until I go into work tomorrow. I don't work either of my two jobs Thursday so I'm going to drink myself into oblivion tomorrow night.
How are you today Skellybro? I can't ever imagine seeing myself going back to work, it'd destroy me again just seeing that place, let alone being there 10 hours daily.I need to see a doctor tomorrow for another sick-note based on depression, but my sickpay runs out at the end of the month. After that it's essentially the end of the rope for me.Almost risked gambling again, it's becoming too much of a temptation due to the situation, but then I remind myself that it'll just go wrong again, and I need what little is left.
Thanks Skeletonbro. I won't be responding to her, but the pull she still has one me makes me sad and angry. I realize that I don't love her, I love the person she pretended to be, a person that was never real, and the pull I feel towards her is my desire that that persona actually was real, even though I KNOW it wasn't. It's cool, I have an appointment with a new doctor tomorrow, and I'm debating telling her all about this, but I really don't want to break down and cry about this again, especially in the presence of someone.
href="#p19244795" class="quotelink"I'm sorry to hear that man. What do you do?Better than yesterday, I even got out of the house today. Please do see a doctor. Also what is sickpay? Dont gamble again man, its bad shit. Gambling addictions are no joke. Tell them, opening up will only help you. Also i'm glad you have so much self awareness over the situation, a lot of people just wouldn't understand. good luck with the new doctor m8
I think I've finally come to terms with the fact that I will never be in any meaningful personal relationship and not because I'm physically repulsive but because I want nothing more than to be alone. I don't have any desire for sex or someone to tell my deepest feelings to. Every relationship I have ends in a stagnant uncertainty about my feelings for the other person. All I do is work and go home. I guess I've failed in a way and I'm just waiting for my parents to die so I can quietly off myself without hurting anyone else. At least I have you for the time being, robots.
Asexual or something? Or is it a depression thing
atleast you got dem trips yolove you too :
Retail and restaurant work.What kind of job do you have?
There is only once cure for depression I'm afraid no amount of pills or therapy can fix its calledGrowing up.
Damn, do anything good? Or just went for a walk? I spent most of it on here or sleeping, played a bit of CS:GO But i'll always be a silver elite scrub.Well since I got sent home from work 6 or so months ago for not being mentally well around heavy machinery, they're inclined to pay me sickpay, because it was their choice to send me home, it's essentially what people are entitled to if they're not well. It's usually if you've been there for a while you're entitled to a certain amount.I wouldn't be taking it, but I need it to help my father pay towards rent, so I'm getting what I can after being there for 2 years, I just can't face that place anymore, especially not with a smile and pretending everything is okay, they'll only be watching my every move and fire me for the smallest thing if I went back forcing the issue that I was 'okay'. I plan on asking the doctor about anything I can take med-wise maybe, though I'm not great in social situations, I just kind of like to do, get in, get shit done, get out sort of operations, with as little interaction as possible. I'm not feeling very hopeful, but it's not like I have anything else.
Off my meds life is suffering addicted to xanax from my free clinic doc. Red wine and American dad, this is my Tuesday at my parents house
I work at my old high school during the summer and I also do work at my university. I hear it gets better when you get olderMy friend picked me up to go to a new comic book shop. It was short but nice trip. I also ate with my sister for her birthday. Oh man I haven't played CS:GO till my playing buddy killed himself. He really motivated me to play. Is there any work you can do that s not machine work? Maybe part part time to just help a bit?Sounds like a poem. You plan on quitting xanax anytime soon?
Here is your cure for your depression faggots.GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER AND GONE FOREVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER AND GONE FOREVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER GROW UP CHILDHOOD ITS OVER
Thanks man. I've been trying to help myself a lot lately, so I probably will open up to the new doc. I hope things go well at work for you tomorrow.
pic relatedThanks man, you too
Iktfb. My legs are shreds
Fuck I'm addicted to Xanax too. I might run out early this month too. I'm worried about withdrawal not just because it's unpleasant, but dangerous as it can put you at risk of a seizure. It helps with anxiety in the short-term but benzos really fuck you up over time. There's not much left of my short term memory and probably more. Don't know if I could quit though at this point. I'm dependent on them to control anxiety now.
Nah, I can function at work on it and I make 20 an hour. Actually getting my own place next month. But fuck me if being a 23 year old virgin doesn't make it hollow lol
Same. Work sales so it makes the quasi-sociality of it not feel horrible
20 an hour is pretty fucking sick. Jealous. What do you do? Grats on your new place btw. But being a virgin at 23 isn't bad, its way over rated anyways.
tfw cut ties today because I'm too depressed to continue having a relationshipI'd rather be in depression than drag someone else down with me
Broke up with someone? Did you tell them how you were feeling before hand or was it out of the blue?
I guess but like I'm bi and can't get grindr guys to fuck me, much less bottom of the barrel tinder girls. I work for a beer and liquor wholesaler and sell to retail stores. Xannys make me charming, at least I think. I get nice commissions so yeah it's a good gig
I used to work at Target, not at the store, but at a distribution center. The most important thing is to keep your head down and follow what your superiors tell you to do and not to get involved in the crazy politics of the place.As long as you work at a medium pace, don't talk back, and do exactly what you're told to do, you'll be gold, and honestly way better off than most of the people you work with who will invariably slack off. Good luck, I believe in you.
Oh nice, I've never been a comic person myself. I used to read Beano, simpson comics and sonic the comic when I was much younger, but I just moved onto video games after that, which took up most of my time hobby wise. What comics do you read/what did you pick up?Happy birthday to your sister, you close with her at least? I mean I assume so if you're having a meal with her.I'm not sure, not surprising that I don't really want to work, but I've not really searched for anything, regardless of the fact I know I should be. Probably because I can see it just going in one big circle where it's okay at first, gets unbearable and then I become hazardly depressed, and it just keeps repeating. People say to work at something you'll enjoy, but I find no joy in anything anymore, there's nothing that holds my interest, and I have no motivation/energy to do anything. I had one or two interviews in the past a while ago, but come the day I never went because I just had no energy to get in my car and drive down there. I'm self-destructive and I can't even control it anymore.
I honestly don't know. I go through phases of masturbating constantly and then not at all which I attribute to depression. I find myself attracted to people of both sexes physically but I always find something about them that I loathe that repulses me, usually the way they think or act. I guess I'm not mentally stimulated by anyone because no one understands or cares and that makes me resent them and myself to the point that I push them away. I've hurt several people like that and it's better for everyone if I just do my own thing.I also went from smoking pot daily for a year until around new year's when I quit cold turkey. It was self medication to keep me sane but I got tired of feeling like that all the time. At first I thought either using so heavily or quitting so suddenly was the reason I was so fucked up but I realize now it was always like this, I just couldn't tell. There's a certain realness to depression that you can't get when you're taking something to get rid of it.trips make everything better
I guess but like I'm bi and can't get grindr guys to fuck me,Where are you at? Are there a lot of queers in your area? When I tried it i got a lot of messages most of them really creepy due to the pool being super desperate. alsomuch less bottom of the barrel tinder girls.Ifktf, I don't match with girls on tinder everHonestly not huge on comics either, I go to those places for stuff like MTG and stuff. I picked up a few cards then left. I usually just read manga anyways because im a weaboo trashlord.I'm somewhat close, but not very. She likes me at least. I'm sorry about your lack of motivation, I know that feeling too well. Sounds like a depression thing to me. Have you done therapy or anything like that? I'm not exactly familiar with your situation so I can't give any quality advice. srry m8
I have one more day of class with a girl I want to ask outONE MORE DAYI was going to ask her out on a date today, but I pussed out because I wasn't feeling very good about myself.My friends all say she was flirting with me before, and we were talking a lot after class. Why hasn't she said anything to me lately? She was sick in class today, but I don't think that's an excusetfw no gf
I did this too with my last relationship. It was the first one i'd ever had in the past 6 years. Everything seemed great at first, but work and depression dragged me down, I became distant and it wasn't fair to her. She knew and also had her own issues to be dealing with, since she's starting university this year. We decided to have a break and see how things went, I declined back into a reclusive state and haven't spoken to her in months, because I'm infact worse, not better, she's got her own shit to be dealing with, without me adding to that list. Best thing to do is to try anything to get yourself sorted before it becomes way too late, hypocritical of me to say, but I'm pretty sure i'm too far gone. I just spend my time on here speaking to you anons until my sickpay is up and I bring up the courage to do what is needed.
I live in Dubuque, all the gays are in Iowa city. But apartments are cheap so woooo no roommates. My best friends are gay but they're together and are also coke dealers so not about to get them as roommates. And by best friends I mean see them once a month
It makes me a bit tired so I stick to a low dose during the day, but even then I feel a little spacey or absentminded. I need it though too if I have to go out and interact with a lot of people. Maybe I would have done better by one of the less potent, longer acting benzos. Alprazolam is supposed to be for panic attacks, which I have had a few of, but mostly it's general and social anxiety.
They knew I was depressed/suicidal for a while but I couldn't take it anymore today. I'm too upset to fool myself into thinking this would work out. And too busy with real life obligations while I shitpost and play vidya all day. I lucked out and recieve SS for my mental problems but I hope we both make it out of the hole m8.
Try dosing super low dose ambien
Ask her out nerd Coke dealing queers sound cool. Maybe they were willing to support you
I think i've only read two manga's, which was One punch man and Monster Musume. Though I was always a bit more into anime, until the past month or two. Last one I watched was HunterXHunter. Do you just collect the cards, or do you play MTG? I tried getting into the virtual version via steam, but there were so many cards it got too confusing for me, and I kept losing to my friends white-human deck. I gave up in the end because anyone I knew had way more experience and being stomped was just not fun. I always enjoyed the idea of collectable card games, but probably more the opening of packs than anything.It's good to see siblings getting along at least, especially as they get older, i've never really known it as an only child, but heard a lot of siblings become very distant the older they got, very rare I hear of them being close enough to spend time together, even for occasions like birthdays.
Ask her out anon. Catch her after class, tell her you enjoy talking to her and if she'd like to get some coffee or something to eat sometime. Even if she says no you'll feel better than you would never asking.
awful. i just spent 45 minutes crying on the floor. i tried to get up twice but i just couldn't do it. i don't even know what to do. i just turned 30, it's not gonna get any better.
They are cool but my one friend is from high school and his bf pretty obviously is embarassed of me
Seriously? Last time I took Ambien and didn't go to bed I tripped out. It was weird as fuck.
Thanks hungry SkeletonJW, I will ask her out. not asking her out is essentially the same as being rejected, so I've really got nothing to lose
Low dose man. Makes work go by fast as fuck. But don't drive
aHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Onepunch Man is amazing. And I play the game, not huge into collecting tbh. I sold my collection a few months ago to get into Legacy. Ive been playing for abkjt five or six years now.Ive never been super close to her, or any of my siblings for that matter. My littleist sister hates me for some reason It can get better man. What's been wrong with you if you don't mind sharing? Good man, I believe in you! You ok?
OK, I'd like to reduce my dependence on benzos for sleep anyway. I'll look at getting a prescription again. Thanks.
No I haven't done therapy or counseling, talking to a happy person with a family and a sterile academic understanding of my problems who is only interested in me because I'm paying them by the hour would only make me feel worse in the long run.Don't be sorry, it's just nice to discuss these things with people in the same boat.
 Seriously low dose. Much love. If you're ever in Dubuque post on /soc/
Some therapists legit care. I promise it's not as shitty as it seems. But hang in there no matter what you do
diphenhydromine benedryl works too
yeah. threads like these don't inundate you with scathing negative messages and let you speak genuinely about your problems, which is the motivation for many people being here in the first place.
Skeleton is extremely based. I'm glad he makes these threads.
ITT wagecuckd btfo
Thank you, for the most part I'm glad I make them myself This cuckold thing has gotten out of hand.
There's a certain realness to depression that you can't get when you're taking something to get rid of itYep. Completely agree. If I'm suitably high, I will relinquish feelings of sadness. As soon as I'm sober, the sadness comes back.I surprised myself yesterday when I just cried and cried thinking about my life at the moment. I'm usually too numb to face myself with a reality that stark.I don't know how I will ever really quit drugs. They mean so much to me, but I'm worried that the only way to improve my life is to go sober. I've gone sober for 2months before and nothing changed so I don't know.
I have to go to bed because I have work in the morning but I really don't want to go fuck me. I think I can handle it, goodnight anons if the thread is still up tomorrow I'll try and respond again
5 more days to go until the semester is donestill cant believe i havent killed myself
Goodnight Skelly and good luck tomorrow!
I recently got hired which is nice. I decided for some fucking reason to go on okcupid tho which has me pissed off. Online dating and dating in general feels much fucking worse than job searching.Its like you arent that good looking of a girl "you are a low paying job" and i have alot to offer " i am more than skilled enough for this job" yet you are a fat chick wanting at least a 8/10 guy " you want a guy with a masters and prior exp for your low paying position"
Sometimes I just feel random bouts of melancholy. I don't think I'm depressed or anything, I can still have fun, but sometimes it feels like everything I do is just to distract myself from my life and the feeling that I've wasted it so far, and then that in turn is a waste, and it just repeats itself. And I seem to be caring too excessively if people like me. Am I their favorite? If I'm not, surely it means they secretly hate me? Surely they secretly hate me anyways? It's petty, I know, and I try not to let it temper my interactions, but I can't seem to help it. Maybe I'm just not trying hard enough. I think it's because I don't really like myself, I instead try to derive validation from others. And then the insignificance I feel knowing what great people have accomplished and then looking ahead and seeing a forgotten future with a forgotten protagonist. People tell me I'm good at things but it does nothing for me. Maybe I'm good, sure, but then there's thousands if not millions of people much better than me. What's the point if I will never achieve greatness, and I can't seem to be happy without it? 'Everyone is special.' Well then no one is. It's all rather petty, I know. Here I am talking about greatness without even trying for it. I should learn to be happy with what I have. Maybe it will fade with time. Maybe it will get worse. The future scares me. Change has rarely been good in my experience.
tfw gained most of the weight back that I lost last yearwell shit, time to go back to the gym
why does it just get worse randomlythis is the worst night I've had in weeks and I don't know why. Of all things, I should be happy about other events but I just can't find enthusiasm.
 Good luck man and thanks for the threads
tfw missed /cripdep/ responses and snatching the 2800000 get on /f/ because I took a showerwhy do I even try
What's wrong anon? Just because skelly went to bed doesn't mean other anons aren't here to listen and help.
I dunno how to really say this but reading these things make me want to cry. not because I'm sad right this moment, but because it means there might be someone out there that gets it. Makes me dare to hope. thanks guys.
I don't even know what's wrong, thoughit's been just like every other day, maybe even better because my facade of well-adjusted normie worked enough to make a few people laugh.Everything's just so... shit. I can't describe it properly.
Just stop caring about other people other than the ones that truly love you. Try to do what you feel is right, regardless of how it may look to other people effort wise. Just try.
pining the days away in an empty house with an empty mind and heart. All of the rest of the family is working and I'm faced with my very clear failure to become a societally integrated human. I just don't think I fit in enough.I want to summon some strength from within me, but I can't. Not right now.
I think I know what you're talking about. You know you can channel an image of normalcy for at least a little bit, enough to make a few people laugh, like you said, but it ends up being exhausting and disappointing in the end. You feel like you might have made a connection, but because you pretend to be normal, it wouldn't have lasted, and you know deep down that you can't continue that facade. I have this problem where I know exactly what to say and what to do, and how to be engaging and act like a sane normal person, but I just can't bring myself to do it.Have you talked to anyone about this? Like a therapist? As hard as it might be it ends up helping you in the long run.
Great knowledge is wide and comprehensive; small knowledge is partial and restricted. Great speech isexact and complete; small speech is merely so much talk. When we sleep, the soul communicates withwhat is external to us; when we awake, the body is set free. Our intercourse with others then leads tovarious activity, and daily there is the striving of mind with mind. There are hesitancies; deep difficulties;reservations; small apprehensions causing restless distress, and great apprehensions producing endlessfears. Where their utterances are like arrows from a bow, we have those who feel it their charge topronounce what is right and what is wrong; where they are given out like the conditions of a covenant,we have those who maintain their views, determined to overcome. The weakness of their arguments,like the decay of things in autumn and winter, shows the failing of the minds of some from day to day;or it is like their water which, once voided, cannot be gathered up again. Then their ideas seem as if fastbound with cords, showing that the mind is become like an old and dry moat, and that it is nigh to death,and cannot be restored to vigour and brightness.Joy and anger, sadness and pleasure, anticipation and regret, fickleness and fixedness, vehemence andindolence, eagerness and tardiness; all these moods, like music from an empty tube, or mushroomsfrom the warm moisture, day and night succeed to one another and come before us, and we do not knowwhence they sprout. Let us stop! Let us stop! Can we expect to find out suddenly how they are produced?
I love these threads for exactly this reason. I hope everything is going well for you.
If there were not the views of another, I should not have mine; if there were not I with my views, hiswould be uncalled for: this is nearly a true statement of the case, but we do not know what it is thatmakes it be so. It might seem as if there would be a true Governor concerned in it, but we do not find anytrace of his presence and acting. That such an One could act so I believe; but we do not see His form. Hehas affections, but He has no form.Given the body, with its hundred parts, its nine openings, and its six viscera, all complete in their places,which do I love the most? Do you love them all equally? or do you love some more than others? Is it notthe case that they all perform the part of your servants and waiting women? All of them being such, arethey not incompetent to rule one another? or do they take it in turns to be now ruler and now servants?There must be a true Ruler among them whether by searching you can find out His character or not,there is neither advantaae nor hurt, so far as the truth of His operation is concerned. When once we havereceived the bodily form complete, its parts do not fail to perform their functions till the end comes. Inconflict with things or in harmony with them, they pursue their course to the end, with the speed of agalloping horse which cannot be stopped; is it not sad? To be constantly toiling all one's lifetime,without seeing the fruit of one's labour, and to be weary and worn out with his labour, without knowingwhere he is going to: is it not a deplorable case? Men may say, 'But it is not death;' yet of whatadvantage is this? When the body is decomposed, the mind will be the same along with it: must not thecase be pronounced very deplorable? Is the life of man indeed enveloped in such darkness? Is it I alone towhom it appears so? And does it not appear to be so to other men?
No, I haven't talked to a therapist. I know I should, but being a NEET with no money of their own means I'm reliant on my parents for money and therapists cost money. I already feel like a disappointment and asking them for hundreds for therapy just seems... terrifying.Plus, I also already know I'd need to go to a therapist for other issues related to the homo board
Where do you live? You might be able to get therapy totally payed for by the government. I know it sounds somewhat shitty, relying on other people to pay for your problems, but if the opportunity is there, you should definitely take advantage of it. How is your relationship with your parents? They might be willing to pay for it if there's no other options. I know reaching out to them about this might be hard, but if you think you should be talking to a therapist then your parents will hopefully understand.
Burgerland, Wisconsin.Honestly, I feel like a barely know my parents. We aren't on bad terms but the best I could call them is decent. They've tolerated me since I was smart and most of the things I've wanted have been in small amounts but I'm not sure they'd go into the hundreds. I don't think they really know the full extend of how I feel, either. They'd probably be surprised if I came up to them and told them I had mental issues. Maybe I will, though. Not now though, I'm far too tired and they're asleep.
Scream Bloody Gore. Thanks for reminding me of one of my favorite bands
Wisconsinbro huh? I just searched and Wisconsin doesn't seem to be a state that is expanding medicaid under the Affordable Care Act provisions. That sucks, I know here in Illinois I've been able to get free mental health care, and it's a shame it's by a state basis and not national. I would talk to your parents, honestly. If you aren't on bad terms I think they will take it okay. I say that not knowing anything about you or them though. If you think they will take it well then I would bring it up. Most parents are willing to do mostly anything for their children, especially when they're suffering. Also if you're young enough you might still be under your parents' insurance, which might cover mental health related issues. You're gonna be okay anon, I believe in you.
I believe in youwell, that makes one of us. It means a lot, though.on that note, what are you guys listening to?
So scared for the future. I just want to have a goal, I want to have close friends, I want the change that makes up the meaningful and beautiful stages people go through in life. But I just can't attain this shit, I feel too god damn incompetent. Everyone else is a fucking superhuman. It's frightening to realise that the people working shitty jobs you always thought you were above a probably more intelligent and skilled than you will ever be.
Chicago here, Just got a new job that starts in a week and im mentally empty until then. Cant think about dating cause aint got the money yet. Even when i try to think about it shit feels worse than when i was looking for a job. My only goal is to move and find work in another state once my contract is up. Im empty without dreams so my ultimate goal at the moment is getting a degree in geology and finding a job in the mining industry overseas somewhere in aussieland or the slavic part of europe.also is the song that is currently playing
You're welcome anon. That music is pretty great too. It has a good balance between groove and feels.
miningIt sounds neat but man the physical labor seems really intense. AsAlso, I like this song. It sounds nice, but it's a bit loud for my taste.
I drank a bunch of coffee today and fell into my old nihilistic rut again. This shit is awful, but fuck me it's a state of mind I can't break out of. we live in a world without purpose to anything, where life doesn't matter, where there's no fucking point to anything you do unless you lie to yourself and assign false meaning to it all. There is nothing but random, meaningless chaos that comes out of nowhere and fucks your entire world up. I mean, fuck. we're all just walking corpses. I want to die so fucking badly and I don't have the balls for suicide. I'm medicated and I've come as far as medication can possibly take me but THIS bullshitHOW DO YOU FIX THIS BULLSHIT? I mean, FUCK'S SAKE, this is a parasitic thought process which is the only one that makes any sense to me. Everything else just seems so goddamned stupid.
iktf anon. I think about the future a lot, usually when I'm trying to fall asleep, and the most prevalent thought I have is "what future?"Just take things day by day. Improve yourself bit by bit. Get out of your comfort zone. Nobody is superhuman. Everyone is simply human. So are you. Try not to worry so much about what role you might fill, and start to think about what roll you want to fill. Don't know what that is? Don't worry, neither do I. Just keep searching for what makes you happy. I know sometimes that search can suck, and it can be arduous, and it can make you feel worthless, but simply trying is half the battle. Just keep trying. And if you find yourself not wanting to try, don't be too hard on yourself. You are what matters.
Good news: I fly a shitload for work and am now at the companion tier for Southwest so I can take a companion flying with me free whenever.Bad news: I have no friends so I'll never actually utilize this perk.
some reason I think chop and screw is depressing. It sounds real slow and haunting to me.I wrote 4 different posts but they were all stupid and I have nothing else to say.
Its coldwave which is basically a more gothic/french take on post-punk. Also its the bit of /mu/ in me but its best enjoyed played low as background noise
is it even worth reaching out to your family for help? What can they really do?I feel like I want them to help me find a job, but if I can't even find a job for myself, how do I expect to keep it?In my area there are just some roads and then more roads. Mysterious people wander around who I know nothing about. It seems the ultimate goal of life is to accept a position in a society you may not even be interested in entering. I wish living my life wasn't such a burden.
Everything IS pretty stupid and pointless. But you might as well live for you. I don't mean being narcissistic or an asshole. But do things that make you happy. If nothing makes you happy? Do things until you're happy. You don't fix that parasitic thought. You just chip away at it day by day doing things that make you feel good about yourself. Try and make small talk with the people you're sitting next to. Especially the people who are flying into the city in which you live. If you fly enough, like you say, then eventually you'll make a connection. Just reach out to your family. If they care about you they will listen and help. I've always had problems finding jobs myself, but once I had them, I was able to keep them for a while. Finding a job and keeping a job are different skills.
you never know what you have until it's goneyou never know what you have until it's goneyou never know what you have until it's gonefuck
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
That's pretty true. You can work towards getting it back though, if it's worth it.
Care to talk about it?
there isn't anything that makes me feel good about myself. and I appreciate the advice but it's like, god damn, what things should I be doing until I break out of the whole nihilism thing? the treatment I'm about to give myself is literally reading a bunch of books on philosophy. I know precisely dick about philosophy. I know the NAMES of some philosophers but I don't know what flavor they preach. I think I need to restructure how I think and see the world around me, but I am a collection of experiences and environmental factors mixed together in a human cocktail which has reached the conclusion that human consciousness was a mistake the universe is probably better off without, with a fair amount of self hatred resulting from that realization. Seriously, it never stops. I'm always either obsessing about this toxic shit or I'm obsessing about how much I want to kill myself. How long until mind control becomes a thing? I want to be a thoughtless puppet. That would make everything a hell of a lot less painful.
Keep reading philosophy. I suggest Kant and Kierkegaard. I also suggest a nice relaxing bath. Breathe. Try not to think.
Got fired from my job for selling product outside of work, they're pressing charges for theft so I'm going to have that on my record5k on credit card, 1k to bank, soon going to need 1,500 for the state. Luckily I work full time somewhere but I've been blowing my money on junk food out of depression
ive lost all romantic interest in women i just want to find one woman to call a genuine friend to give me a shred of hope in half the human race
Why don't you go in Thailand?Thai pussy is the most addictive thing I've ever run across. It's tasty, tight and always wet. It easy to get if you're a white male and i'm not even handsome .I'm living the dream righ now.
drive into parked car at worktfw no gf to cuddle for comfort
Can i please just die in my sleep already
Shit like this is a big part of why i hate myself so much and want to die.
Usually I'd report it to the manager but now I'm the manager so it's harder.
I fuck shit up all the time
I know there are many people here who are anxious about driving so i thought it would be interesting to them
Do you have insurance?
Damn I'm sorry anon, want to talk about it?
It's the company's car and they have insurance. It was in the middle of the night so the other guy wasn't there and i forgot his license plate
, 
, 
Who /IG here?Let's add each other
What's IG?
normie detected
is this really how far /r9k/ has fallen
be NEETown a shitty computer because no money
Tfw neet also but just got a credit line increase to I buy a new computer
And in a few months you'll be panicking about how you'll make the payments.
Damn those were the computers my high school had and that was 6 years ago.
Be meOwn an awesome xomputerbuy a macbook pro for the sole purpose of attracting qts
Based on room picture threads the vast majority of this board are vapid rich cunts.
play old gamesthere are fucking thousandseven a shitbox PC can play 5th gen games and run DOSbox
Im paying 25 a month min but im actually paying off 300 /m on 1500. Loan hehe
tfw want gf to fuse withdoes /r9k/ have anyone to fuse with
I fuse with your mom every second tuesday.

It's a bit late, but I wanted to make a thread.Who else is drinking or drunk right now? pic related for meI'll be here for the next few hours to talk about whatever with robots.
Get a new Harvest Moon gameFeel guilty about having my character show interest in the most appealing bachelorette because I'm so pathetic IRLDoes that make sense? Can anyone relate?
lol no. I play animal crossing
most appealing bachelorette not witch princess
She looks lonely anon.
same problem I guess, anyway, animal crossing is furry pandering.
Not most of the time.Ain't no Witch Princess in Story of Seasons.
I might just be too robot, but I never bother meeting people in games. I just farm and mine and spend time in the hot spring all by my lonesome.
Not marrying weirdfu
I can relate.watching animeprotagonist has tons of vibrant female friendsdon't even have male friendsfeel pathetic
Stop watching the show because it reminds you too much of what you're missing out on
playing videogames
Having anything else to do
You're in the midst of courting a beautiful woman in a gameScreen fades as you move to a different areaRealize how unworthy you'd be were she real
tfw Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life was my childhood gameso peaceful and nostalgic
I do this too, these harem animes makes me feel depressed as fuck
Who /Harvest Moon 64/ here?
Anyone here live near Aurora, Il? I'm bored and lonely as shit and am looking for a distraction to escape life perhaps tomorrow night?
nice try, asshole
What'd I do wrong now?
/soc//zeemaps/
you know exactly what you're doing
Yes.
I really don't. I just spent today terribly alone and it all reminded me of how sad I was. Just wanted to find like minded people to not be sad with.
do you expect people to fall for this?
Aurora IlOh come on April, Noah's not such a bad guy, you don't need to meet real men behind his back like this!
Want to exchange skypes and set something up? I'm dimetree25.
I still don't understand
Don't respond to this guy anons, this happened before
No ones falling for anything. I'm just so bored and lonely and looking for a like minded person
Seriously I don't understand? What's happened before?
I don't have Skype, nor do I have a car. You'd likely regret meeting up with me anyway.
And why is that? I have nothing to lose
Well, I don't have Skype.
class="quote"January 21stIt's been over 5 months since moot leftWhy are you still here?
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, pizza
Sleep tight pizza
Sleep tight, PIzza
Sleep tight, Pizza
wake up sheeple you're pizzeria is lieing to you
Sleep tight, pizza
check my dubs, Pizza
Guess im going to get sleep already in bed roaching on my cell 2.5mg xanax in me sand man coming soon, please dont rape me or take me to the eternal sleep
Dreams more like nightmares and paranoia fuck faggots and my ass
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, pizza.
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight Pizza
Sleep tight Pizza
Sleep Tight, Pizza
Sleep, tight pizza. blox :
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
sleep tight, pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
/b/Sleep tight, pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep dubs, pizza
OP's a faggot
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, pizza.
Sleep tight, Pizza
DUBS
Sleep Tight, Pizza.
Sleep Tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, Pizza
Sleep tight, pizza
lol he thinks slut is an insult
That cheap-ass paint thinner vodkaGross
Obviously it is considering sluts get so upset about slut shaming even though being a slut isn't anything to be ashamed of in their eyes?
I don't think you get to decide that Shlomo
that's why you call them "whore" instead. it's more degrading
i-if I pay them will they look at me without laughing
All vodka tastes the same
My niggaThat was also my first thought.
Depends who is doing the "insulting" a present or kind gesture from a creep I would consider an insult.
Are you stupid or pretending?
drinking for tasteDo you also want sex for the deep emotional connection? lmfao
It is, any denial of this, as well as any denial of an absolute God, is a petty attempt to avoid the fear of objective judgement.
oh okay, i'll play along. Being a virgin and male is perfectly normal.
play alongWhy are liberals so childish?
All tastes like rubbing alcohol to me
Yeah the difference is one taste like it and one is it
If women weren't bothered with being called sluts they wouldn't be rallying against "slut shaming."
depends who is doing the shamming.
apperantly slut :
claims slut isn't an insultmeanwhile Renner calls a fictional character a slut and everyone riots
this is the thing sluts don't realise. Guys should be relatively experienced and girls should be relatively inexperienced, as evidenced by our preferences. I mean, why else would guys use slut as an insult and girls use virgin as an insult
as evidenced by our preferencesIt wasnt a female who opened the first brothel. lol get a load of this sheltered hermit telling anyone who the world is.
implying brothels aren't to get experience for the better girls You don't kiss whores
The guys who pimp out whores don't do it because they love them, they do it for the money you retard.
, 
Midnight Snacks: "DRAGON BALL SQUAD" Edition! no-sticky gogogo
hey snacks wanna come to toronto and see japanese bands next weekend XD
ps, there's still some shirts left, but sizes are super limited and most are out!class="quote"Pink American ApparelS: 3L: 12XL: 13XL: 1Women's S: 2Women's M: 2Black American ApparelS: 92XL 13XL 3Women's S: 3
who is playin' :OIs this a Next Music From Tokyo thing? I've always wanted to catch the bands they bring, but Canada :Gonna be at ColossalCon in Ohio this weekend seeing DJ TECHNORCH and TANUKI, etc~
Is this a Next Music From Tokyo thing?haha yeah, the dude who runs the show flies out the bands out of his own wallet and he doesnt even make any money out of it
are you the real snacks?
it's pretty much impossible to make money on those shows in general, so I give that guy mad props. One day he's gonna bring over a band I like, MUST SEE and I'll go out of my way for it, but until then, I will wish~like, if he got Clammbon or someoneduh
where have you been for the past ~10 years btwi'm not up on the 4chan lorealso do you keep up with moot? has he said anything about progress selling 4chan?
been right here doin' this radio show every week for 10 years as of a couple months ago!idk anything about moot or his plans nowadays
he is becoming super saiyan
power level 2 stronk
END OF LINEMidnight Snacks is overTonight's playlist is at later!Looks like we're gonna have Mitomoro co-host next week! booyaFollowing up tonight's show with the new DJ Gammer remix, cop it at djgammer.com
transaction overitems bagged"Yes, I also have these coupons"Work related feels. NEETS need not apply, not that they ever apply for anything.
My manager came up to me today and told me several supervisors have complained that I give them "attitude" when they ask me to do things. I have no disrespectful attitude towards anyone and I act nothing but professionally when asked to do a task. Yet I get this on top of a co-worker telling me she thought I hated her because I was too aloof. The world is not made for the unsocial.
boss makes any mildly critical comment get depressed for two dayswho else /sensitive to criticism/
mfw i pay for everythingthen i ask for bags which are 5 cents each and they dont charge me"Next time please ask before you pay"IM A CRIMINAL MASTERMINDYOU CAN CATCH ME YOU WAGE CUCKi hope you cunts have to tally up the number of free bags you gave away and have to pay for them
sensitive to criticismalso extremely self criticalobsessed with my own professionalism and value myself only as others value me so I act like it has no impact on me whatsoeverFug.
behind $5.50 one dayparanoid as fuck about giving changeIT's like, where did I go wrong, man. Feels bad for a week.loose bagsI just crumple them up and put them in bags I'm about to useI don't care, scrub.
White women want to price match everythingAsian women come in with 500 couponsBlack women want to price match everything and LIE about the actual priceMexican women are a wildcard between all 3Why can't all customers be dudes?
clearly busypays for everything in nickels and dimesFuck it, I'll hope you did it right and throw it in the register
i've handed random ammounts of change to cashiers so many time i just give them a lump of it and then say "I honestly have no idea how much is in there" and the almost all of them are dumb ass fuck trying to count it.makes my daygive a girl a loonie and 3 quaters for something that is a dollar 1.25she puts it all in the cash and then grabs two other quaters out
Why are niggers, especially nigger women, so perfectly sure that the cashier and the store are both trying to rip them off?
Checking white women"Total will be $13.43Takes out a 20"I think I have 43 cents, I want to get rid of my change"Digs around purse for 5 minutes, huge line growingGives me 43 cents, still has 2 lbs of change in her purseWhy don't you bitches just collect your change and exchange it at the bank
Still pretending to be someone you're not, i see.
and then say "I honestly have no idea how much is in there"The worst person
Fucking this except it's every Asian I get over the age of 22. Jesus fuck, I just look at the bill and hit CASH every time before they can even say anything. By the time they realize what happened, I'm handing them their change.
I want paper inside of plasticI want plastic inside of paperI want one paper bag inside another paper bagI want you to lube up a plastic bag and massage my prostate with it
Psychotic cunt starts screaming at my bagger After she walks away I tell him not to worry and that he did nothing wrongApparently the cunt overheard me and went to bitch to the store manager Store manager starts bitching at meI tell her I don't give a fuck because I'm transferring stores in less than a week to night crew because of cunt customersapparently the word "cunt" is one of my boss's trigger words she is a fat dykeOnly 4 more hours... Never get in to management, fellow robots...
That customer that is clearly just moving in and buys 2 carts worth of house shitIt feels so good to play time attack with those. I can usually take care of the entire transaction in about 4 minutes depending on if my gun will work.
Well I work in hollywood so most of the asians I get are tourists who either pay with their weird asian credit cards or they pay in cash and I love it when a qt azn girl tries to figure out which coins in her hands are the correct amount, and I just reach into her soft delicate hands and pluck the coins out, and she gives a cute embarrassed giggle and thanks me.
first day of the monthall these NEETs coming in
I love it when a qt azn girl tries to figure out which coins in her hands are the correct amountElderly Japanese lady comes to my registerTrying to pay in change but is having troubleshe needed a nickel moreput up 5 fingers and say "go"She starts speaking Japanese to me and I dissect what I can"d-domo"
working where there are women
My department is all women from coworkers to my supervisorsNone of them say shit because they're all reasonably okay people.Just be the only man and don't work for American born women.
this item here didn't had a tag on the shelfit must beFREE!
Will these expired coupons for 5c of cheese-it's also work on these potato chips?Can I get X for the sale price on item Y?What do you mean you're out?! Go check in the back!
nigger women with literal neckbeards come in about a rain checkfurious that they can't break rain checks, it's cleary on the rain check they can't do thatThey flip out anyways, threaten to call district manager and probably did it anywaysstore manager decides to give it to them anywayschrist why are niggers so autistic about coupons
Fuck dude. Used computer shop sales here. All we get is black people and EVERY SINGLE ONE ASKS FOR A FUCKING DISCOUNT. Why can you not just accept the sticker price for fucks sake!
Everytime this happens I have to call the department, pray that they're there, and wait for them to get me another one or search for the UPC"Must be free HAHAHA"Don't fuck with me, you see this line, nigga? You did this nigga.
Why are you socially anxious fucks all working in retail or customer service? I've never, not even in high school, worked a job where I had to deal with people's bullshit. Get a job landscaping, at a factory or at fucking UPS or something. The pay is better, the opportunities are better, you get a physical workout and you don't have to deal with mouth breather's coupons all day. These are widely available jobs looking for physically able young men like you. Leave retailcucking to fags and women.
Buying a 100 item with 100 1 gift vouchersThe serial code of each one has to be manually typed in because the barcode reader doesn't work on them for some reasonMassive queue building up"Don't worry, I'm happy to wait while you do each one"I'm that guy
I work in retail because it's a stand around all day job and I get payed close to ten an hour for it.I would love UPS, I love handling packages and getting them. It's an austic love of mine.Too bad they require 10 years of a driving record to be one.
i've only had this happen to me twice and I ring up 500 people a day
nigger women with literal neckbeardswhat
ten an hourthe wagecuckery is real
30% saleold price scratched out, new price written"HURR IS IT 30% OFF THIS PRICE?"Every single day, all day. Fucking kill me.
I'm not socially retarded. I can't even say I hate people in general. I also have a sweet deal where I work and enjoy bagging.Free poolFree gymStore is open between 9AM and 8PM so no "get fucked" hour shiftsFood court RIGHT THERENo tax on anything in the storeOnly downside is every woman I see is taken or gay.
Yes. They literally had small patches of unshaven beard on their necks. Or a skin condition. Or something. I have no idea. But it was a raincheck on shampoo. At publix, we have a policy of not allowing raincheck breaking and getting more than 8 items for a sale. Nigger women always flip out about that we also only do four manufactur and four of our coupons
I think it's better than what most retail people are making, besides whole foods. I don't think I could handle hipsters all day, however.
Do you work in Wagners or Whole foods?
WagnerWha?I work at a Base Exchange.
I know your full of shit because they have a max use of about 3 on things like that
NEETS need not apply, not that they ever apply for anything.jesus that was brutalanyways, fuck the chineselittle slant eyed fuckfacesI totally relate to that coupon shit. Work at a call center foor the cable company and whenever a fucking filthy nguyen wong rings in it's always the worst. Just starting shit over fucking pennies. Fuck them. Always blatant thieves too. Dude hustled his way into like a 600 gb usage limit at no extracost and still manages to go overboard by like 900 more gb. Tries to tell me he didnt know and it must be a mistake when you can hear his whole apartment full of fucking immigrants sharing his damn wifi. Fuck them
working 3rd shift at a grocery storemanagement hires ftm tranny and his cis gfthey take shit off of the pallet im working on and put it on their u-boatat the end of the night, they claim they did the whole pallet and i did nothinglook over at pallet they started on, both of them working on the same oneits not even halfway finishedmfw i've finished one by myself and also the one they were bitching about
hisI could never work for a tranny. They try too hard to push their "WE'RE NOT MENTALLY ILL" agenda and attack anyone that doesn't kiss their ass.
he/she actually lied to everyone and said he was a gay boy before his/her gf started working there
tranniestelling the truth to anyone everPick one and burn the other.
be baggingbe like 80% doneomg wait i have these reusable bags!RRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I stare them in the eyes as I put the plastic bags in their bag.
tfw I started at FedEx last week. It feels so good not to be dealing with customers.
Nah, fuck your data cap you piece of shit
tfw person you're searching for is under 30 and works in IT and has no locatable social media presenceTHEY KNOWtfw finding someone making jokes about her case and how bullshit it is on Facebook
god i hate the reusable bags mainly because they wont stay open the sides always want to push in
I thought exact change is appreciated...
i love handling packagesyeah i bet you do you fucking queer fuck outta here
i know i did something wrong at work today, but i didn't tell anybody and i know they are going to find out. this means the depression starts even before i get the critical comment
As an undercover security guard for Macy's, sometimes we are also in charge for setting up suspicious employees for opportunities to steal. Like put a piece of jewelry randomly by the register and seeing if they take it. Behind the camera I'm just like "oh god don't do it!" But also "take it you piece of shit! I'd love to fire your sorry ass." Mostly it is putting expensive chocolates there and seeing if they eat it. When we pull them aside and tell them we saw everything they always cry. Sure they're my coworkers who I'm friends with but they fucked up. Feels start flowing
Do you have to persuade customers to buy extra things/donate money at your wageslave job? I work at dollar general and have to ask customers to donate their change to the 'literacy fund'. I'm surprised so many people actually do. Like 90% of customers just throw all of their coins in the box.
Why? Why would you think that? Do you think we don't know how to count? Do you think the point of sales systems don't make it unnecessary to even count? You're wasting our fucking time. Just hand us the bill so we can finish the transaction as quickly as possible
Yep. When I used to be a cashier at Macy's we are hassled to open up new accounts and now open up accounts for that new plenti rewards shit. If you don't make your quota of 5 accounts a week it will affect if you get a raise or not. When I wasn't getting a raise I fucked that shit and worked for security instead.
What kind of sadist policy is it to entice your employees to steal?
Customer accidentally hands me an extra dollar because it was crispTake it anywaysRealize later that they'll think I mischanged someone someone
Yeah I work at walgreens and during may we were doing the whole red nose thing. alot of people bought it only so they could take a selfie with all their normalfag friends.
I don't mind the customer giving exact change. I just don't like it when I've already started getting their change, and THEN they bring out extra change. I'm always afraid their trying to quickchange-scam me. I fell for that once in my early days as a cashier and now I suspect every customer to be a thief.
19243264It's so we single out the assholes and prevent them from potentially stealing more. Sometimes they confess to stealing things we didn't know about.
tfw you have to tell the new cashier that their drawer was off and they get really scared
be meinspect soils at construction sites as an internshipsocially awkward and probably too physically weak for the jobone of my first days, at construction site shadowing a more senior field technician have to talk to contractors really stupidtell this one that he needs to compact the soil more before proceeding with the projecthe says "this cocksucker needs to get done tonight boys"chuckle"LISTEN BOYS, THIS IS NO JOKE. I'M CHEWING YOUR ASS OUT SO I DONT GET MINE CHEWED OUT!!"he wants to just cover up the soil with rocks and call it goodhave to explain to him that he can't do that, but i go autismohe keeps yelling at me and i just take itlate to next job
Should you buy a stealth voice recorder and record everything your coworkers say? And use it to get them fired when they admit to breaking policy?Is that legal?
eat a piece of chocolateoh what criminals !
That is entrapment.
kekyoure trolling those normies, g/j
I have never in my life gotten angry at a cashier. Hell, one time a fat girl working at McDonald's forgot to ring up a BOGO coupon I had and charged me for both sandwiches I ordered and I didn't even have an inkling of frustration. I think every person should have to work retail for some period so they can develop some empathy for retail workers and stop losing their shit because they didn't get their fifty cents off granola bars.
delivering pizzabum address or retarded instructionsevery apartment delivery is on the top floor, no exceptions
18 years old and never had a jobwhat's some shitty minimum wage job I can get with the least amount of social interaction?
always treat every customer with the best attention possiblecoworkers bitch at me because there are people waiting in linedon't give a shit because the people I deal with always leave the place with satisfaction Who /lovestomakepeoplehappy/ here?It pisses me off when I'm trying to solve a problem for a customer and my coworkers say things like "I wouldn't be bothered to solve their problems"
Nothing really eventful happens at my new job, which is walgreens. But I have some good stories from my old job at Target.be working sales floorhear over the walkie that there was a spillgrab cleaning supplies and head over to the spillstart ripping off paper towelsI notice it is kinda yellowsee a clear plastic cup on the bottom shelfyellow liquidtake a whiff of the airit smells kinda sour"Hey, C, what does this smell like?""I don't know. It smells weird, though."I realized we were cleaning up someone's pisssomeone actually pissed in a cupand spilled it all over the shelvesThis is why I fucking hate retail. But work is work. I have other good stories, but since I am heading out, I'll make a thread later.
What if the chocolate was open because of the someone else? Would the employee be fired?
be skinny white maleblack women, drunk older women, and gays think it's OK to hit on meleave your cashier alone.
pizza delivery"DRAW A CUTE LITTLE WIZARD ON THE BOX AND SAY THIS WHEN YOU GET TO THE DOOR"
that sounds fun
work drive throughyeah can i get this sure that'll be $xx.xxthank you!pays, gets what they wantOH YEAH CAN I GET THIS AND THAT AND THIS AND THATFUCKING DECIDE WHAT YOU WANT BEFORE YOU COME THOUGH YOU FUCKING NIGGER REEEEEE
It's the first of the month. 
NEETS need not apply, not that they ever apply for anything.
Reprimanded for somethingFine that's fineNever happens to anyone else doing the same thing, literally just me that gets shitI WANT TO QUIT SO FUCKING BADLY BUT I CANT
But that's illegal you retard.
be socially anxious and depressedwork in grocery storeremember i'm not as incompetent as i think and that i can be sociableOne of my coworkers is spergy as fuck and everyone jokes he's going to shoot up the place. He has a catchphrase where he says "huzzah" randomly.
NEETS need not apply, not that they ever apply for anything.what is welfare bucks
2 jobs because the one I hate most gave me like 10 hours max a weektfw can put in shit effort and not quit at the same time just to make my manager's life shittier until I get fired
Where art thou, my brethren? My fellows whose very presence deters further posting. Those accursed who are doomed to no replies and eternal silence. Come, make your feels known and let us feel them together.
tfw when you kill your own thread
alcoholic threaddrinking some nasty cheap gin right now, almost outhow about you?
BEING 18 AND A HAPPY DRUNK SUCKS WHEN YOU CANT FUCKING BUY IT
You know you're a robot.I know you're a robot.But what kind of robot are you?I'm a robot with tank track wheels instead of legs, a square/rectangular body and head, kind of like my picture and a Fallout style plasma gun that comes out of my forearm.My purpose is security.What were you manufactured for my metallic brethren?
2015Still pursuing the Staceys of the dating worldNot going for the homely women, who actually developed a personality & know about relationships
I'm guessing you're an ugly femanon? Or an anon who desperately wants a gf for some reason and settled with a fat chick
What made you say that?
dat photoshoop
tfw seeing Lego Chan's face so much is making me fall in love with it
and know about relationshipsHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHHFDGSHGU3B8G9RSG0F45SRTD
They actually have to work for it....
Still pursuing the Staceys of the dating worldlet me tell you about what YOU like You don't know me and you don't know my preferences.
Don't say you don't like this
Be mePretty attractive8in dickno interest in just going around fucking girlsWelp.
do you think a kv guy has any idea how to be in a relationship? why would a kv girl be any different?
Safe to assume even women like legochan been in at least one serious relationship
Bump
Why do horrible things happen to genuinely good people?
Because the universe isn't just, karma/balance doesn't exist, winners win and losers lose.
muh timeless question
The universe is cold and indifferent to our lives
why does anything happen to anyone?
Good people are normies and god is a poopoopeepee level autistic robot.
God wills it. Suffering creates opportunity for increased virtue.
good people?
The love you make is equal to the love you takeTruly consider how good those good people are and how bad those bad people are
Because life is random and unfair.
This. Life is incredibly random and unfair. My brother was born retarded and it bothers me that he has 0 chance of ever getting with a normal girl no matter what he does, such a basic luxury is forever out of his grasp because of things entirely out of his control, while most of us could have it if we just stopped being pussies.
cause and effect
Our Universe is a naturally chaotic system and Humanity has created an artificially 2 ordered systems, one objective one called society and another subjective one called morality.
Because no one is in total control of their lives.
Life is entirely luck
Because there are no such things as karma, god, justice, and fairness in life. Shit happens indiscriminately, no one is more or less likely to be the recipient of any good or bad fortune based on their beliefs or past actions. Life is largely unpredictable, uncontrollable and regardless, everyone dies in the end.
Anyone on this boardgenuinely goodKEK
why do I get dubs?
where was that implied
horrible things happen to horrible people too.and good things happen to good people too.
while most of us could have it if we just stopped being pussies.also out of our control tbh
Cognitive Bias.
If a midget can find a woman to love, then a retard can as well. Whether he finds a girlfriend or not is entirely up to him.
Normies don't bother to think about or discuss things that don't affect them, and they assume everyone else to do the same.
Whether he finds a girlfriend or not is entirely up to him.Up to him and the girls around him. Which is basically to say, out of his hands.
Life is all about domination and submission. Winners win and losers lose. Its less about looks, height etc and more about your ability to dominate or submit. to be strong or weak. This is true universally. Whether its in sex, your job, business, in your social life, in nature, shit even in a game of call of duty. There are only winners and losers. some people know what they want and how to get it, and some are depressed, confused, lost, hopeless, lazy, anxious etc like /r9k/it's certainly not fair, its a doggy dog world, there are predators and there are prey. And if you weren't born a predator all you can do is accept your fate, run away, or worry every day- because its the way you were born. You weren't born with fangs, guile, or confidence. You're just a tapir and Chad is the psychological manifestation of the crocodile.
you are actually the worst kind of people
Being a midget is simply a physical setback, the worst setbacks are mental, and being retarded basically means you are 12 for life. At best someone could set him up with a hooker or fellow retard, but even that would require outside intervention sense hes not even capable of setting those courses of action in motion. We fuck ourselves, he is literally fucked!
I have met plenty of men who act 12 and play video games all day, and they still have girlfriends. Sure, he has a bit of a setback, but he's the master of his own destiny. It's up to him to find the girl who's right for him.
lol you have no idea breh, you'd have to meet him to understand just how incapable of seeing a vagina he is.
That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.
how thoughtful of him
if something bad happens to someone there has to be some reason/something evil they did to deserve itusing childish logic like this
God is a robot.
Who is it that decides who is a good person?Who is it that decides what is horrible or not?Why is it that youd expect good people to be immune to horrible things?karma exists, just not in the my name is earl/Jigsaw/twilight zone/"If I steal the money to buy this car, itll cause me to get into a fatal accident!" karma
winners win and losers losewinners are winners because they winthey don't win because they are winners
Pornography is a corrosion, it's destructive, it is destroying sexuality, it sexualizes the most debased, fuck up things, it encourages chronic masturbatory addiction. Femanons: Why do you push pornography? Why do you make it? Why do you camwhore? Why do you partake in this sort of fucked up perversion that is encouraging the most absolute degradation of your kind?If you are a girl and watch this shit regularly, you are WORSE than the men who watch it.
Why are women worse than men for watching it?
Because you should have some pride and self-esteem. You shouldn't encourage this from men.
remember women are just strong, liberated and empowered for watching porn and using their vibrator collection to get off like little perverts
just quit a couple days agoI feel like im in withdrawal from opiates, my joints hurt, I cant think clearly and I keep waking up at night sweating
I'm not hateful of women like a lot of the robot are, but I can't stomach the idea of vibrator collections and dildo collections. It's just so fucked up that it's NORMAL for 15 year old girls to have this sort of shit these days.The Jews really did a number on western civilization. If you're a girl and you have such a collection, and you "schlick" every night, you're fucking disgusting. Ew.
If I hadn't just jacked off I might get angry about this post due to the sexual frustration of being a KV, but my oates are sowed or whatever the saying is.
Shut up, you stupid fucking faggot.
Cut porn out cold turkey, asides from fapping now and again nothing chronic, once a week or soStart being able to get huge erections that last seemingly forever againStart working out againThere's nothing good about porn, especially not about the way third wavers want to mainstream it.
If you're a girl and you have such a collection, and you "schlick" every night, you're fucking disgusting. Ew.Imagine being a dad in this day and age, with your little girl, knowing the sort of media she's consuming and what it encourages her to do.Why can't white women just be less sexual?
Why can't white women just be less sexual?iktfbmy asian girlfriend was a virgin up until she was 24, it really isn't that hard to stay a virg if the girl has other interests and isn't watching de facto porno like Game of Faggots every other night.
Actually, I'd agree with this. A lot of the fantasies girls seem to have these days are even worse than the fantasies guys seem to have.
I'm drunk, lonely, and stuck in solo queue in Neverwinter. How's your night going?
sagedDon't give this attention seeker what he/she wants
Wow... rude... brah...
QUICK! HIDE THIS THREAD WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!WE CAN STILL BUMP THREADS ABOUT TFWNOGF!!! 
Do you hate bacon
Pig farms are disgusting and non-organic pigs are some of the most toxic animals you can eat.Do yourself a favor. If you want bacon, buy organic bacon. It tastes much better and it's not treated with nitrates.
Do they look like ops pic
Fuck no I don't hate piggies. Breakfast without hog is pic related.
And no smog
What is it actually like to have a girlfriend?
I don't know, I've given up on trying to know.
In my experiences, they are very needy. They seem to want lots of attention. It's like "ANON WHY HAVE YOU BEEN IGNORING ME?!" when you just saw them yesterday. It's like having a puppy.
It's like babysitting an adult, who just so happens to control you.There are some upsides to it, steady sex life, love, and affection. However, for the most part, it's sacrificing yourself to be with somebody else.
Cyborg here:It depends, if is a girl you really like is something beautiful for the time it last, it may get a bit obnixous sometimes, but it's worth it for the feeling of having someone that needs you and you need, to have someone waiting for you and that you can count everytime, the thing is that if she ever leaves you it will leave you even worse than before.If is a girl you don't really like, but are with her because you are desesperate is shit, you probably will fucker her a few times and wish that you are alone again, I really recommend a whore over that.
confirmed for never having an actual real human gf
Tell us about your perfect woman then who you don't have to make sacrifices to be with.
this guy knows what he's talking about. its great in the honeymoon phase, and how well you get along determines the length of that phase.
cooks, clean, both loyal and slutty and legal. Not a drama queen. Yes she does exist.
confirmed for never having an actual real human gf
No hes pretty much right m8, source: my long term relationship with a normal girl
confirmed for never actually having a homo-sapien girlfriend
You have to spend lots of money on gifts and going out and shit on them, you also have to be with them a lot, that can eat up a lot of time.But you do get to cuddle & spoon them so that's always a +
Confirmed for never actually having a third dimensional conscious being of the female gender
I love how you never mentioned fucking them, you cuck.
Well that's implied in having a girlfriend, you guys can't be THAT unaware of what its like, right?
Really fun and then kind of shitty and then you are single again
And then you really might know what it's like, to have to lose.
nope dat nigga is dead on
In your case it seems like it's a lot of cuddling and paying for her shit while some muscular hunk fucks the shit out her
oh my poor child. yes in this world you cant have your cake and eat it too. whatever helps you sleep.
confirmed for never having a biological gf
I do both
is kind of clingy, but genuinely cares about my well beingalways wants to cuddle and just do things with mealways encourages and supports my plansunderstands that I need time to myselfIt's actually really fucking great, honestly
sure you do, you probably don't even have time in between spooning her and being a beta provider, i bet she's fucking a real man behind your back bro
If doubles, I will kill myself tonight.
If singles I will get doubles tonight.
If doubles I will stop eating, forever.

if doubles, he will not get singles tonight
If doubles I will remove kebab
if dubs I join ISIS
If dubs I will not masturbate tonight
If doubles, I will skip all my meals tomorrow
if dubs i will get a gf and become a normie
if dubs, everyone in this thread kills themselves, even me
If doubles, then I got doubles.
if doubles
oh shit
The curse is lifted.
in

if trips I will get a qt gf in the next month
ouch
If dubs Hitler comes back tomorrow and saves western civilisation
you're a fucking ugly bitch. i want to stab you to death, and play around with your blood

If dubs ill fap
If triples, we get out of this loop.
Reroll

if dubs I'll -
Re-reroll
re-roll
Fucking shit. One last roll.
if doubles i will adopt a cat tommorow
if qauds ill kill myself
If doubles, I will abstain from using 4chan for the rest of June.
if qauds ill marry an indian woman
if qauds ill suck chads dick
if dubs we all get gfs
Best get suckin'
E B I NBIN
it's a bittersweet feel
DOUBLE DUBSOUBLEDUBS
If dubs I'll suicide once I get rejected again.

Thanks Tom!
If dubs, she'll tell me she likes me
western civilizationactually hitler was gonna fuck you ameriniggers

Not so fast.
If dubs the next poster has to post child porn

if dubs you must pay thanks to peaceful bike man in this thread
Trips.
If singles everybody here will have a nice sleep.
Rollin
roll
if dubs we all live forever and each year is significantly worse than the one before it.
double dubswhy would you do that
if dubs waifu comes 2 me
If any number this thread must be loaded with Pepe.
if single I pursue getting laid tommorow with this sexy banker titty lady...
If singles moot will appear.
this is the cuckmeister...you cucked?
if doubles 2222222222222222

if doubles i'll eat a cookie and post a pic of me eating it


you have to eat 3 cookies now
plz deliver
Dammit guys I just started my diet today. Sorry it's sideways
oreos is a real cookie
I will now proceed and masturbate to your face
its the only cookie i had in my house, im sorry
well at least you delivered... anyway someone here said they are gona jizz on your image...
Nice cookie, nice face. reee
dubs confirm 2222222222222222
If doubles I'll jump from my loft head first because life is nothing but a rat race.
thanks anon
thanks man :
Roll
If dubs, I stop being a NEET tomorrow and get whatever job I'm told to get in this thread.
If singles or better you have to become a chef.
roll for ethnicif dubs we all live happily forever.
Rolly Polly Olly
Shit, all I ever make for myself are sandwiches. Guess that means working at Subway?
FUCKING ROLLAN
Yes!
if dubs I will try to get a job
If doubles I will go out and get a job within the week
if dubs I will seriously learn how to play the piano
if dubs the gf dubs get cancelled and you never get gfs
If dubs I won't eat solid foods for 2 weeks
if dubs everyone gets a bf with an awesome boipussy
if dubs im gay
if dubs i'll finally have a massive prostate orgasm the next time i fuck myself in the ass
roll
if dubs i play a video game.
reroll creeps
If dubs she likes me.
*sigh* such is life.
if dubs she likes you
Can I just get dubs for the sake of misery.
If singles she's in love with you and wants your penis
gg
If doubles, I will kill OP tonight.
If doubles, I will one day feel happy to be alive.
Wow, thank you anon. You gave me some hope.
Nothing to lose.
If doubles then I want everyone in this thread to be happy.
:'
go get her, tiger, we'll always be right here :
I'll be your best friend OP, please don't hurt yourself
if trips...we're all gonna make it bruhs
checked, brother.
if doubles i will never ever come back to 4chan
^same
rell
personal roll
:
rip in pieces
If dubs I'll text her
rollin out
Roland
If dubs, she'll text me tonite
Lets roll
If doubles, I will AFK out of this game.
If dubs, she will fall in love with me.
if dubs I die a virgin
If dubs she knows I exist
If dubs I poopoo peepee on somebody
roll

rolling
If dubs, this board will never speak about roasties or girl problems ever again. Instead, this board will become about robotics.
if dubs ill get a gf this week
you have saved us
if dubs ill get a gf this year
If dubs I'm still 8 years old playing with legos and it will be 1992 forever.
if dubs ill never get a gf :/
roastie checked
If dubs, I'm gonna make it.
if dubs I'll get a job kek
if dubs then cebruz's liver fails and he dies
B I G A S SIGASS
If dubs, I have sex with your mum
Phew
h
double dubsThank you, anon.
this just blew my fucking mind
If trips I will wake up tomorrow a changed man with real life goals and responsibilities.
Does that mean we get 2 gfs each?
wew
If dubs any gf you all get will cheat on you with chad


If dubs I won't jack off
rolling

rollin rollin
Good thread.
If dubs OP stops posting these threads and goes on to improve his life and become Mayor of a small town.If trips OP becomes the savior of the aryan race.
if dubs, we ARE chads
But they'll just cheat on us with Chad didn't you see 
Jesus fuck
rolling cause I need numbers for this other thing -Live on anon! Don't kill yourself!
If doubles I will give up 4chan forever, starting right now.
tfw OP won't save the aryan raceS-so close.
IF DUBS I GET A 10/10 GF TOMORROW.
thank you anons
If dubs I record me playing bass for you guys
hh
if dubs, Im gay now xddd
If dubs people stop posting in this thread.If people keep posting after I get dubs then that means all occurrences of dub in this thread mean nothing and will result in nothing.
Let's give this a go, shall we?
If dubs, the Pepe market crashes.
implying those fairy tales where they made all the kids in class stand up, and let only the blonde and blue eyed kids remain standing, and then the teacher says "HITLER WOULD HAVE KILLED ALL THE KIDS WHO HAD TO SIT DOWN" were trueimplying hitler wouldn't have led the white race into an era of prosperity and glory that can only be dreamed offuck my ancestors, fighting for the jew rat
Re-rolling.
ITT: Ask /mu/'s opinion on an album or song you have heard. Alternatively, analyze a song/give suggestions/ or guess stuff about the listener. Pic related.
If dubs ayylmaos will abduct and give everyone in this thread an anal probe
Fuck they're already here help me
Rollaan
Sure, i'm hard
Bed time lloR
Rolling for tits
If dubs one day I will achieve lasting happiness.

If doubles ill get out of bed.If trips u must show me ur panties.
WE ALL GET TWO THEN
hmmm...
Rollin
roll
roll
 roll
says tfw not 6"2JockWhite Alpha
He should be grateful that he didn't have his dad's hair.But I have his dad's hair. fml
, 
, 
my girlfriend went out drinking with a few of her coworkers tonight, an hour and a half ago she texted me saying she is leaving soon, I haven't heard from her sinceam I fucked?
/soc//adv/
still considering her your "girlfriend"beta tbh
i got bad news for you jerry
having a girlfriend that "goes out drinking with coworkers"lel
bro i've been there, just fucking dump the shit out of her. exact same fucking boat, just get out
fuck
hey man, at least you can have some fun before breaking up with herstart having progressively kinkier sex then dump her in approximately 2 weeks
she will be home later with jamal.prepare for your first cuckolding experience.
am I supposed to tip jamal?
You were literally just asking to be cucked. If you cannot control your woman and allow her to go alone drinking with co-workers or friends you should expect her to cheat on you. She has you wrapped her little finger. If she decides to admit she cheated on you all she has to turn is turn on some fake tears and say sorry without really meaning it and you will take her back just so she can you repeat it again. If you don't dump her on the spot you're a little bitch.
insecure beta detectednot trusting your girlfriend to go out for drinksI mean seriously, unless she is "going out for drinks" every night and not asking you to come I really don't think you have anything to worry about. What did you text her before she said she was leaving? Screencaps preferred
i suggest you hate fuck her hardi'm also assuming that you've had less and less sex over the past couple of months
that time JR played for the raiders
Shit in her pussyOrPrep the bullYour only 2 options
nigger get fucked you haven't been in this goddamn situation
if you are op fuck you. If not, still fuck you.
This is the time to prove yourself OP, to prove yourself as a man. Show her that you're the kind of guy worth keeping. It'll be a bit of a struggle but it's totally worth it. Just wait for her. Trust her. Steel yourself and be there for her whenever she needs you, even if you have to stay up all night and into the early hours of the morning. When she comes back, if she gives you a smile then just smile back and let it be. If she looks sad or remorseful, just tell her that she's a good person, and what happens on just one night doesn't define who she is. If she lets you hug her, then hug her; if she lets you kiss her, then kiss her. Do whatever you can to show how special she is, and what she means to you. Don't let her go, man. Don't let one night's judgement ruin the great thing you have.
unless she is "going out for drinks" every night and not asking you to comeWhat do you mean "unless"? You don't have to fucking chaperone her all the time, goddam. It doesn't matter how many times she goes out, how many times you don't go with her, or who she goes with. You're the fucking insecure one.

you seriously don't know shit, OP's girlfriend is going to fuck him over and use him. i bet she's a manipulative cunt.
You have nothing to worry about, Anon. Your girlfriend is devoted to you.
I'm saying that if she is constantly going out without you and not spending much time with you there may be reason to be concerned. Don't tell me you wouldn't be worried if your gf spends almost no time with you and is out having fun and getting drunk without you.There is a difference between being insecure and being left out
How would we know anything about having girlfriends?
No, but she is.
I'm saying you're being possessive as fuck tbh. She doesn't have to call in every 10 minutes just so your can feel safe she's not fucking someone else. You ever think that kind of behavior might be why she doesn't want to spend much time with you in the first place? smhis out having fun and getting drunk without you.Oh dude grow up. She can go have girl time whenever she wants and she doesn't have to be on a leash 24/7 like you want her to be. Just let her be herself.
If she's out getting drunk with coworkers she's likely to sleep with one of them. Women don't have a lot of self-control that way. But you're right that being possessive doesn't help either. There's really not much you can do with sometimes.
FUCKEDANDCUCKED
worried about girlfriend sleeping with someone elsecome to the most biased place on the internet against women You are asking to be cycled OP, but not in the way you thought
biasedreality is biased
OP are you still here? Can we get an update?
Is it wrong to be attracted to your first cousin
Yeah, incest is dangerous to society. You should try to put them out of your mind.
No.
I don't want kids, I just want to fuck her
not reallyUnless she is super young, mentally handicap or something else you are not telling us.
It's still a degenerate act and it looks bad for your family.
No, acting on it or sharing these feelings is
but if nobody find out it wouldn't look bad
You're taking a lot of risks though aren't you? No one will find out. She won't get pregnant. Where does it end?
implying she would have sex with you
Any girl can get pregnant, and any girl can have horrible birth defects.There's only a 4% chance of birth defects with cousins any wayYou never know
is it wrong to checkum
Was in a similar situation. As long as you consider that things could go badly, even if you're both into each other, and be sensible about it, then it's not so bad.And of course, no matter what, if you think of or try to make it something serious, then it is wrong.

Don't follow shia's advice on this. Just don't do it. Unless you want to have awkward family dinners until the day you die.
It sounds as though you're determined to rationalize something that you've set your mind to. Pursue her if you want, but I'm telling you no good can come of it.
It's not THAT bad, plus it's legal here
No.But it is wrong that she is 8.
no that's fine. There is your cousin then there is first cousin.
funni memes only thread :^
/b//s4s/
fuck you
NIGGA SQUARE UP FUCK U TALKING BOUT
YOU HAVE NO CHILL
I'm a virginia!!!!!!! don't fuck me pls
ruining a quality thread
A leading psychologist has warned that young men are facing a crisis of masculinity due to excessive use of video games and pornography.Psychologist and professor emeritus at Stanford University Phillip Zimbardo has made the warnings, which form a major part of his latest book, Man DisConnected.He said: "Our focus is on young men who play video games to excess, and do it in social isolation - they are alone in their room.""Now, with freely available pornography, which is unique in history, they are combining playing video games, and as a break, watching on average, two hours of pornography a week."
here's your reply wagecuck.
Zimbardotiptopkekimplying porn and video game addictions are a cause and not a symptom

They should have added 4chan to that list.
mfw I average 2 hours of pornography a day
go back to making college students eat sausages off the floor, Zimbardo
two hours of pornography a weekCasuals
No, women acting like stupid entitled bitches is leading to a 'masculinity crisis.' If women weren't such stress-inducing, home-wrecking, social-climbing, manipulative cunts men wouldn't be avoiding them with video games and porn. YOU HAVE ONE JOB, WOMEN! ONE JOB: DON'T BE A CUNT. AND YA BLEW IT.
that's like 24 fan sessions isn't it? I mean you guys cum in less than 5 minutes. Sounds accurate to me.
everything is so awful men have all gathered to give one giant collective shrug and go home to play videogames
I really hope that this isn't an exaggeration and that I'm not alone in disregarding women, otherwise I might have some difficulties later in life
 I mean you guys cum in less than 5 minutes.Try 30
What are your biggest regrets?
Being born
That I was born. I've thought about this, and I'm convinced that no matter what actions I took in life, things were always going to turn out badly for me. At least I don't regret past choices anymore.
my dad aka my boxing coach wanted me to go to a tournament in Atlanta so I could go proI wanted to studyHe got mad and disowned me
Dropping out of high school.
Coming to this fucking board. Seriously.
I should have done a STEM degree instead of this humanities-tier shit.
Not asking her out soonerTFW by the time you get the balls to ask her out she's already talking to some chad
forgetting to just be quiet and keep workingI could have avoided so much spaghetti and shame in the past few years
That I didn't take a knife to my balls when I was 11. Yes, I'm a tranny
I have none. This is the best possible outcome for my life based on circumstances I have had absolutely no control over. There's nothing I could have done to make it any better.
Deleting my facebookDropping uniCut contact with everyone 4 years agoAll because of a stupid girl I will give everything I have to go back in time and stop myself from doing it
Oh, just the standard, "Push the only girl who gave a fuck about me away."
was high school beta, beta following gorgeous blondyshe starts paying attention to me due to random funny jokes, decent AIM gameshe slowly detaches from chads, normiesgains immense amount of weight8/10 to 250 pound 0/10 within 2 yearsstill love herwe hook up finally, never been happier in life before or since. lose v-cardshe keeps growinggraduates over 300i love the fat, i love her more than literally everything, associate the fattiness with my lovelose touch during college, sad but it's lifei still love fatties they remind me of herstay in touch over facebook, she's losing weightreunite after a few years, she's back to 8/10, 9/10 statusshe doesn't do it for me anymore. skinny chicks don't do it for mebitch ruined my entire POV, now only am attracted to fattiesshe wants to get back together and i can't even care, too skinny no attractioncan anyone be as fucked up in the head as me?pic related it's the size i wish she was
also checkem
Look at the bright side, now you wont have to choose suicide over fucking a hamplanet, youll enjoy having sex with the most desperate kind of "woman"!
Fatten her up again
i have nailed multiple landwhales wishing they were her. i wouldn't touch her skinny weird skinned ass now for anything. it's a blessing and a curse i guess
i honestly try all the time anon. we've hung out a few times and get burgers and i try to get her to get ice cream after. she's dropped multiple 'that's the wrong move for me and you know it' type comments stupid whore
So your tossing someone away whom could live you fairly easily and is a 8-9/10? Who cares if she isn't fat anymore its still her
You never really loved her
it's only about a 1/3 of hershe's literally not enough anymore
I love this premise. I'd watch a movie about this.
checked, sir.
nice dubs.all i want is to stuff donuts in her mouth all day and whisper 'you made me this way' when she says she's full. lol life as anon what a joke
meet girl in one of my classes5/10 looks wisefeel extremely awkward around hertime goes bynext semesterstart talking to her more and morestart hanging out, studying, getting food togethershes very sheltered, innocent, religiouswaifu materialget the feels for herone day smoking with some friendsone of them brings up seeing me with her in public"you're not trying to get in that, right?"uhhh, no we're just friends"aight, I was gonna say man, shes ugly as shit"Fucking hell man. Im 6'1" and /fit/ and I know I could get a better looking girl, but this ones different. All the hot chicks are shitty people on the inside, but this girl is actually sincere and pure.Im torn up insideGeneral feels thread, share your stories
letting your friends influence who you fuckbeta
She's not sincere and pure, but go for it anyway, normie. From here on out, post on /soc/
You're friends are dicks robo-chad
this. this shit isn't acceptable, OP. unless you're a women with a bleedable vagina, you need to cut this shit out.
Go for it, better to have a faithful average or less than average looking girl than a cheating whore.
you should make offspring with this woman to extend the white race's noble lineage
Are you crazy? Go for it
tfw 21 and KVNobody knowsI dont want to just fuck a girl, im looking for a waifuIf you knew her, you would think otherwise. But theyre the only friends I have
Fuck what your friends say, they sound like a bunch of assholesIf what you say about this girl is true then go for it
how ugly? 5/10 is not "ugly as shit" that's averagepost a pic
Liking a girl who other guys aren't attracted to is literally the perfect situation. She won't be a stuck up bitch because she's not classically attractive and you don't have to worry so much about competition.Fucking go for it OP.
I cant post a pic because someone might know her She looks almost exactly like pic related, but slightly less attractive messed up teeth, odd chin, etc. She even has the blonde hairs below her ears
similar feels here, I'm catching the feels for a 4/10 with similar taste in vidya
forgot pic
If dubs then she likes me.
being influenced by your friends on what you truly wantWhat are, a woman? How about you be honest and confident?"Yeah, there is something about her that I find appealing" "Yeah we get along real well and I enjoy being around her" Either that or get better friends.
looks fade you know, people get old
All women are the same and if she had the opportunity to fuck a girl who she thinks is better looking than you, she would. If you're willing to commit, don't settle for uggos, they're just as bad as qts.
God you're worst OP. Go get what you want.
also I'm 99% sure she browses this site not /r9k/ in particular, but probably /vp/ and /a/
Except they're not. Years of being ignored for prettier girls means that AVG girls will value your attention more highly than roastie sluts.
I meant a guy better looking than you but you knew that.
Your friends are like male versions of females. Pressuring members of their clique. You should just speak the truth, which is that your girl is a far better option than anything they would likely go for.
Individually, the crabs could easily escape from the pot, but instead, they grab at each other in a useless "king of the hill" competition which prevents any from escaping and ensures their collective demise.
girlpureRight, until she thinks she can do better. Then you're out in the dust.
You got to come to an ultimatum that your friends wont always be there with you. You cannot let them dictate your fucking life.So go date that girl all you damn well please, if they don't like it then kick them to the curb, find better people to socialize with that'll be more understanding/accepting. End of the day, by the sounds of it they'll just go their own ways and ditch you to further themselves, and seem like the type that would use you whenever possible. So you wont be missing out on much.
I would rather be alone most of the time, but sometimes I want to be around others, and I have always had difficulty finding people I could stand to be around. How am I just going to get better friends? Just strap on my friend helmet and squeeze down into a friend cannon and fly off into friendland where friends grow on friendies?Thats blatantly not true
Kind of related.kv as fuckgirl I knowfairly sheltered, nice personnot very attractive, fatwe start getting closertext best friend an image of herhe tells me I can do betterour relationship never progresses much morelook back, realize I wasn't attracted to her, I was just lonely
Nice sunny reference
2015caring what other people thinkyou deserve your own destruction if you do this
maybe she can just be a really good friend
Don Roque likes this story.
If you're really going to through away a good relationship with a girl because some dudebro you know in college and will more than likely not keep up with after you graduate has a different opinion on her, then you can stay alone. Don't let others validate something that YOU want. If you want to fuck Staceys then fuck them, but don't expect a pure waifu afterwards.
As a man that has been there and lost it all.Take her while you can OP.
OP stops hanging out with girl and conforms to his friend's expectations like a good little betafriend swoops in and does the most sexually degrading things possible with this girlOP commits seppukuLet that be a lesson to you. Be your own man, dickwad,
ThisJump on the opportunity while it's still there
Yeah I understand. Good friends are hard to come by. If they mean that much to you, then ignore the girl. Just know that you aren't any different then a woman who lets herself be influenced by what her friends think.
You're a shitbag
why?
Shes...a bit ratty and jewish but its possible. If you dont go to her now, chad is going to swoop her right along and corrupt her. Its your call OP. Letting your friends control you is pretty beta though, especially if it locks you away from being happy.
I would still fuck her
THISdont be a fag for once op
OP here, just went on facebook and found a message from herLike it or not, you are one of the most valued person in my life and I enjoy talking to you more than anything. Night:She also linked a cutesy picture that has to do with an inside joke.Her facebook is deactivated for some reason and I cant message backwhat do
Probably killed herself after talking to you, faggot
nothing, chill just talk to her tomorrow
thats not nice
inb4 she's dead
Do you not have her phone number? Just text her or something
I imagine her voice is very high-pitched
trrrreeeeee
holy shit what if she got nervous after no reply and became so embarrassed she deactivated her facebookOP YOU HAVE TO CONTACT HEROP DON'T BE A FAGGOT YOU LOVE HER
be me22 y/o autistic KVget invited to friend's Bday party at clubfriend of a friend show's up5/10 fatnight goes onbuzzed due to bottle servicerealize she is into medecide FUCK it, why not?cuddle with her on limo ride back to housefelt amazing!get number the next morningfriends kind of make fun of me while riding home for hanging with fat chicktake her out of date a few weeks later when she is home for spring breakfriends find out somehow and one mentions she's a little heavyangry/sad at this pointhave gradually stopped texting her over the last few weeksDammit! The World is unfair, everyone expects /fit/ people to get at least 7/10 and above skinny QTs.
why are people such dicks
my group of friends are just normie assholes, but I'm too scared to leave the group because they are all I have left...
OP is living the dream right now and is too oblivious to make sense of it
You could've done it man, you could've been happy
I don't know if the quiet religious girls go for smokers
what makes you say that? I can never tell how people know unless you're either literally autistic or spout memes at max capacity
She probably found out you agreed with your friends saying she looked ugly. Gossip spreads fast.
Why the fuck do you feel the need to leave them behind just because they think your potential waifu is a landwhale? If they don't like they're the ones that can fuck off. If they're actually your friends they'll be happy that you finally got that qt3/14 grill
, 
PSA: don't have paid sex after a breakup
How do I start getting autism buck checks from the gov? I'm awkward as fuck and can pretend to be r9k autism in order to get $$$
, 
Who /trapped/ here?tfw tired of leaving my house for hours everyday
tfw tired of being at home all the timehaven't left my house in weekstrapped
Want to trade lives?
, 
So robots, I caved and got a fleshlight, it was one of the ice ones that you can see through, should be nice. How do you guys feel about these? Any tips on use or cleaning?
Use a condom or read the care instructions on the website or what came with the toy.
not Tengacome the fuck ON son
This. Only reason to buy a fleshlight is if you actually have a 10 inch cock. Tenga flipholes are a lot easier to clean and you don't even need that fucking powder to keep them in good condition.
What's so special about those?
opens lengthwise, easy to clean and apply lubeinstead of poorly recreating an actual woman, just attempts to feel as good as possibledoesn't look like a disembodied pussy, far less likely to cause ridicule if somebody else finds it
Try /jp/ for fleshlight discussion and tips
Yea you don't want to accidentally impregnate it
my parents just cleaned my room and found 3 fleshlights i had in my closet that i dont even remember buying
It is more because those things are a pain in the ass to clean and dry out.
They suck tbh. My ex girlfriend bought me one, didn't really enjoy it. Definitely prefer a fleshlight.
What would you do?
Call her a whore and leavenot being totally loyal to your man
Not her lolway 2 skinny 4 me
, 
All-time classic videos.
niggers being niggerstell me again why we shouldnt exterminate every single chimp?
the only good thing about this was the white knight getting btfo
video is bliss
MBTI is a cool party fact but otherwise a poor measurement of personality.
I agree.
people keep saying this but I disagreeit seem pretty accurate to me
It's like a zodiac sign, it's bullshit.
That is true, but I fit the stereotype so ridiculously well that in my case it is actually a useful way of identifying people similar to me.
ISTJ as fuck tho
ZodiacYou were born in January so you're like thisPersonality testBased on your behaviour, thoughts, feelings, fears and emotions, you are broadly-speaking more similar to this archetype than the other onesTotally the same
based on how you react to some utterly arbitrary conditions in your life, you are permanently given a label that extends to all aspects of your personality
It's pretty vague, but it has a slight hint of truth.I can consistently predict the result people get.It's just vague.
Everything with a grain of salt. I wouldn't try to make predictions about people from it, but it's a useful system for discussing how some people are capable of thinking. The lexicon that surrounds it facilitates a discussion about thoughts, feelings, and communication that isn't just nebulous or totally uselessUp until I read about it I was under the impression that I think and feel the same way that most other people do, but that just had me thinking something was wrong with me. When you consider that there are entirely different mental processes that others can use, a bit more sense can be made of it.Plus we can shitpost about how NT is the master race, and then the INTJs can come in and remind the other 3 that INTJ is the real master race and the others just want to be associated with them.
if the conditions are arbitrary, the wrong questions are being askedI don't think it's crazy to try and broadly categorize people based on how they report they act. The only issue is with how far in scope you try to extend it.
That's ENT master race, not INT, right?
Waahh stop labeling me! Fuck off to Tumblr
istj reporting in
not leveling INTdumb treeposters
What is your personality if not the way you react to different circumstances
ISTP here
tfw INTJdirtylittleroaches
Master Ruseman ENTP here.
daily reminder that 90% of sensors are normies
tfw INFP
INTJ is the best.tfw Never been able to relate to anyone
What does the ISTJ image mean?I have taken this test on a few different sites and the other sites over the years and I consistently get ISTJ
tfw enfp
resolved, disciplined, and with a superiority complex.
But the labels literally don't mean anything, except perhaps I versus E, which are just things you can guess at heuristically and probably don't constitute actual personality traits.And yeah, it's like a zodiac sign, it has 'elements' and oppositions and all that, and none of it means anything. That a sign is fire element as opposed ot air literally means nothing, but that same is true of the difference between 'J' and 'P.'
yes they do have substancemake your own researchyou know nothing of the MBTIstart with the cognitive functionsmost people who are interested in the MBTI fuck it up and ruin it for others such as you
If ur E ur a normie
said I was gonna use the summer june/july to change myself for the better and get my life on trackfalling to pieces already Despite all the times I've said this before and failed I honestly thought this time would be different, but here I am again. Why do I keep relapsing into loser mode?
was going to greatly intensify my martial arts training over the warm monthsalready have to stop due to injuryFuck
June just now started, bro. Like, yesterday. I know this shit is hard, believe me, I KNOW. Do it. Whatever you want to change, change it.You can't change yesterday, and you can't start tomorrow. Today is all you ever have. And today is the day you change.

I'm in the same boat m8. Don't give up. You're trying to change your life, these things are supposed to take time.
The funny thing is I watched that video right before cracking yesterday morning. I actually felt pretty based because I didn't just decide to start on june 1st like an idiot, I had been prepping for this for weeks, but I hit a roadblock in one of goals and just felt so empty, then mom came home with pizza, then my bike broke, and the rest was history, now I'm binge eating an fapping to traps again.
hey anon im in the same boat as you. I said i was gonna change over the summer, and i havent started yet. But im starting tomrrow for sure, im going to be hitting the gym for the first time at 7 in the morning. Do u want this summer to end and feel like a loser? or r u gonna do something

Dont set such lofty goals. "Change myself for the better" is an idea, not a plan. Tell yourself youre going to watch a self help video on youtube, or turn in a job application, or fuck just go to the gas station, buy anything, and trying starting a conversation about the item with the cashier.Set a notification on your phone or computer that goes off every day or even multiple times a day. Every time it does, ask yourself what youve done to get closer to that goal since the last notification and if you havent done anything you HAVE to make some progress before you do anything else.You should be able to pick whatever works best for you but the point is youll never do anything if you dont first know what it is you want to do and then give yourself some kind of mechanism to keep you from relapsing.
Prepping how?
Trust me I've really thought this shit out, I have my goals written down and everything. My plans are always solid, I've just lacked the will to maintain the effort necessary to stick to them.
Pick different goals then. You might need to accomplish multiple other things before you can realistically achieve what youve failed to do so far
By doing the things I said I would do during the summer before it even started, like working out/dieting, getting back in school, rearranging my room to maximize productivity, reading, just being more active in general. Physically I feel pretty good to be honest, but my mind and spirit are in total disarray.
tfw you will never fluster a qt gril by just looking at her
Where does her nose come from?
Kill me now
I actually have :3
Do girls even get flustered anymore? I feel like so much is different.
They do but only if it's Chad staring
If Dubs I become Chad Thundercock over the course of this summer. Chad dubs go!
My dubs my thundercock
What boards are the most susceptive to bait. How do you bait them?Easiest to bait would have to be you cuckspretend/be a girlnot hating tranniesbe relatively nomral
/k/, /g/, and this board honestly. It doesn't take much.
kek how do you bait /k/? Just anything anti-gun?
Simple. Use the word clip. Or post a thread about your Desert Eagle. /k/ loves .50 AE.
Oh yeah, another way to troll /k/. AK-47 vs M16.
/adv/ is super easy because you can pretend to be some dumb slut asking advice about doing something super horrible to men and the robot types on there will go bonkers.Really the format lends itself to all sorts of trolling quite well.
everybody has their baitit is easiest to bait people that actually care, like thatit's 50%, right?thread that gets posted evry now and again.math nerds go batshit over iteven right now there is a religion b8 thread where devilish OP is igniting holy flame wars
someome do thiswhat size clip do I need for my revolver?
, 
, 
Meanwhile, on /norm/...
I transcend dimensions, faggotFUCK YOU NORMIES
I saw some weirdo staring at a hot bitch so I knocked him out. She tried to thank me but I told her to shut up and suck my dick and she did.
lol i saw sum fkin fag 2day i calld that fag a fag 4 bein gay... alos Stacys a slut lol fuk that c*nt bich. holla
What fictional character do you overly identify with robots?For me it is Lawrence from spice and wolf. Living his life sounds like heaven and I'm not even a furry.
fuck man, who wouldn't want to go on wonderful spice-trading adventures with a cute girl? but on topic...This is going to be a bit weird, but recently I was browsing /u/ of all places and stumbled across a VN series general Sono Hanabira and I've been slowly going through them.I just got to 3 and... well, Kaede Kitajima is actually really fucking robot, and the main character. The difference between me and her being that I don't have a cute lesbian cousin model to make me cute and prance me around and call me her prince and pull me out of depression and anxiety. fuck man, even the thought processes are similar. I'd honestly recommend giving it a look, no shilling intended.
I can't identify with anyone. I'm boring as fuck.
Is it a lack of just not being able to find a character like you or have you just not seen enough material to find someone or something like you?
First here to post Tomoko for obvious reasons

I'm more broken than I care to think.The only difference is that I live with my father, but if I was to live alone, this would essentially be my life in a nutshell.I need to watch this anime again, it might just finally be enough to push me that bit further that's required.
That was a good anime.
fuck
BaldingPervertIgnored
HEY PICK MEbe /r/4chanwant GBPscreen r9k rape own butthole with beeftube steakeat itpuke it up, fry itserve to familyeat familyget upvotes!lol sad frog meme
, 
, 
penis x 7 who drunk posting here a
aye

I don't fuck mentally ill, or men
You're 2/5ths of the way there, wagecucks! Your boss has been eyeing that extra-pricey boat, so make sure you put in 110%!
BOSS NEEDNEWBOAT
Your boss has been eyeing that extra-pricey boat, so make sure you put in 110%!you know, as much as I enjoy these threads, business owners work far more hours and much more efficiently than any "wageslave" I've ever seen
top goyyeah sure, it's all about working hard and totally not about having connections and being socially extroverted
guy who's never had a job detected
no shit, I'm a NEET
Jokes on you NEET. The Australian Government gave everyone a 2.5% pay rise today and I'm celebrating by taking the day off.
so if you've never had a job, how could you possibly have a legitimate opinion on businessmen?
wageslaves believe that they deserve their shit conditions and that their bosses "work harder"don't even have an image for this amount of cuckery lmao
attempting to use logic with mentally ill peoplestop
spending 1 hour in traffic, each way, to get to a job you hatewage cucks, when will they learn?
Not enjoying a short 15 minute cycle to work.
I am a NEET with shitload of autismcash, I can literally do whatever I wantToday, I can go outside, enjoy the sun, read a book under a tree, paint by the river, ride around in my car and listen to music, I could cook me some fantastic meal, could top by that breakfast place with the cute waitress!I could work on my Bass riffs for a while. There this new videogame I've just bough that I could put some hours into!I could volunteer for that car wash event across the street to raise funds for something. could be fun, could meet new people, I could ride my bike today and even fix the brake cable while I'm a it!My mom's lawnmower is fucked, maybe I should take a look at it too!FUCK ALL THIS SHIT! I'M GONNA SLEEP 16 HOURS TODAY! WAKE UP WHEN IT'S ALMOST DARK OUTSIDE, FEELING LIKE SHIT BECAUSE OF OVER SLEEPING AND SUN DEPRIVATION BECUAS EI LITERALLY DO THIS EVERYDAY AND I'M GONNA FAP AND, THEN, FRY ME SOME CHICKEN TENDER IN PREPARATION FOR MY BIG DAY OF POSTING UNCOMMON FROGS AND BEING DEPRESSED!FUCKINGNEETULTRAMASTEROVERLORDRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
I'm a business owner and I'm introverted as fuck.I also work like twelve hours a day.
Australia has a 3% inflation rate though
get to travel on someone else's dollarfood and housing paid forbarely ever even do anything at workEnjoy your tendies
Sydney housing warping the figures. Luckily I live on the west coast where the Consumer Price Index has only gone up 1.4% in the last year.
your extroverted rival will always beat you when it comes to your business. Why even try?
Am I a wagecuck in trainig by going to uni?
Whatever you tell yourself to enjoy living your parasitic life.
Talking about extrovert privilege.Yup. SJW's are spot on, so long as it doesn't happen to portray you in a negative life.
Well, you certainly aren't a NEET that's for sure. However, there is literally nothing wrong with being a wagecuck.

not enjoying a 15 minute cycle to the parkThen spending the morning hikingThen getting lunch at a cafeThen biking backthen playing vidya all afternoon while the wage cuck gets back and is too tired to even fap
not understanding satireNot understanding the truth behind the satireCuck pls
Yup. SJW's are spot on, so long as it doesn't happen to portray you in a negative life.what the hell are you talking about? I never said "privileged," extroverted people are simply more successful in the business world.
You strawman rather than taking part in the debate. Let's break this down:No self respecting man...Any self respecting man should take care of himself, rather than relying on the work of others to be done for free. If every self respecting man refused to work, we would be living in African conditions.But I can do anything I want in my spare timeThanks to the hard work of others. If not for their work, you would be living the life of an African.Why would I want to date a 3D?I never said anything about 3D, and that is your choice. Having a living sexual companion or not is irrelevant in the question of being a parasite. However, if you ARE a parasite, don't expect 3D.Wrong. The difference between the wage slave and free man....I don't do work to get validation. I perform work because I understand that in order to get money ethically, I must exchange my time. The system has allowed you to circumvent this at present. However, if society were to fall apart, I would have the skills necessary to continue functioning and rebuilding society. You, on the other hand, would have little, if anything, to offer someone else in a bare-bones society.
Only 2/5ths? Darn, here I was having so much fun. Why do some people think work means suffering? Must be too much media, too many shows about how stressful a job is.Oh well, I'm gonna keep on enjoying this week, lots of things to get done. Me and my co-workers are gonna go out on thursday, which is always a good time.So, what've you done all day, Neet-kun? Did you actually learn anything useful, or shitpost on here all day? I mean, you obviously wouldn't feel any need to do so if you were satisfied with your life. Usually, when someone's satisfied, they're too busy to bother being so spiteful. Oh well, you must've taken time out of your busy schedule to try and remind me just how bad I have it in comparison.
White people are simply more successful in the business worldFTFY.
gr8 b8 m8
This guy gets it, people don't work because muh fulfillment or muh validation, they do it because someone has to in order to keep society running. And if the system ever goes bad, it will be preferable to be a provider who can survive rather than a leech who will starve.
, I would have the skills necessary to continue functioning and rebuilding societyNot necessarily. If society collapsed almost everybody would be fucked. Ever heard of the great depression? Tons of hard working wageslaves were btfo.
they do it because someone has to in order to keep society running. And if the system ever goes bad, it will be preferable to be a provider who can survive rather than a leech who will starve.hahahaand what has this "society" done for you? gf? welfare? nothing. what a fucking brainwashed slave you are
I understand that in order to get money ethically, I must exchange my timeYeah, you must exchange a shitload of it for the mere scraps from the guy who didn't get his money ethically :
He got it ethically. He exchanged his time, and also risked debt in order to build his business. You are free to go that route if that though appeals to you.Electricians are always needed, so long as you demand electricity, I'll be fine at the power plant.
He got it ethically. He exchanged his time, and also risked debt in order to build his business.Actually he just got a massive loan he never had to repay from his dad's golf buddy, and when his business fails the taxpayers will bail him out, but nice rationalization wagecuck :
Was liking the pic, but the sex one ruined my immersion.
Wageslaves B.T.F.O.BTFOTFO
What's unethical about living of your parents or government? As long as what you are doing is in bounds with the law and isn't hurting anyone, I'd say it's perfectly ethical.
Cherry picked example, and even then, a hypothetical one.
Parents? Nothing, so long as it is done with their consent.Government? Everything, because money is being taken from my paycheck without my consent and used for things that are far from the qualification of, "Universal Goods."
Government? Everything, because money is being taken from my paycheck without my consent and used for things that are far from the qualification of, "Universal Goods."So basically like 99.999% of government money? Why don't you fight taxes then?
idk live ya life ill live mine
Fighting taxes gets one thrown in jail, regardless of consent. What taxes are, when not used for universal goods, like national self defense, is theft.
So you're too much of a coward to take the fight to the right place and you bully your fellow subjects instead, what a brave soul.
Bully the people who enable the theft? Yeah, I am. I can't take on the government. I can't even legally force physical repercussions on you. But you can and should feel like shitty thieves for taking the money taken without my consent
Bully the people who enable the theft?You bully the Rotschilds and the queen? :
Is that picture a joke? No one this board does anything on the left. All NEETs do is shitpost in this all day.
He's not a popular, genius, male-model NEET.Get a load of this faggot.
Wagecucks and NEETs are the same kind of person, except wagecucks try to fix their lives by succumbing to capitalism, while NEETs go through escapism.They're both equally fucked. Enslaved by their minds.
SLEEP 16 HOURS TODAY! WAKE UP WHEN IT'S ALMOST DARK OUTSIDE, FEELING LIKE SHIT BECAUSE OF OVER SLEEPING AND SUN DEPRIVATION BECUAS EI LITERALLY DO THIS EVERYDAY AND I'M GONNA FAP AND, THEN, FRY ME SOME CHICKEN TENDERyeah this is actually how NEET life isI still miss it sometimes but being a wageslave while living at home feels decent, probably because having zero expenses means I can spend a lot on stupid shit I enjoy
Gemal Babiker, 61, arrived in Australia from Sudan in 1998 and works as a shopping centre cleaner.He said the increase was a drop in the bucket."A $16 a week [increase] doesn't cover a cup of coffee every day. A cup of coffee costs around $4," he said.Since when did minimum wage janitors feel entitled to daily lattes?
I'd love to support myself without working, but how do you pay for where you live? Or food? Or decent internet?How do you do it? I want to get in on this while I can.
What the fuck kind of existence is it when you can't even afford a cup of fucking coffee? Do you really think people should live like that? And if so, why?
I'm probably replying to bait here but whatever. You can buy a jar of instant coffee for $10 less if you want a shitty brand that'll last you for weeks of daily coffees, or you can pay $20 a week for your takeaway cup. The latter is a fucking luxury, not a right.
So this is normal to you? That people slave their lives away and can't even buy a cup of coffee? I'm serious, you think this is a standard they shouldn't have? In the same world in which corporations throw out tons of food in the garbage every day, charity organizations truck donated clothes right into a landfill, and millions of houses are being left to rot because the banks who repossessed them don't know what to do with so many of them?In this world, you think it's somehow unacceptable for someone who works physically all day long, to be able to buy one fucking cup of coffee?
You're making a lot of comparisons here that I don't feel have a lot to do with anything much. This person probably could buy a cup of coffee if he wanted to sacrifice other things for it let's not forget the yearly salary for full-time work on mimimum wage in Aus is $34k. This doesn't change the fact that buying coffee every day can be a significant expense, even for people not on minimum wage - $4 a day every workday is $1k a year. I never said it's unacceptable for him to buy one, but it's a fucking dumb idea given his income, and it's not something he should feel entitled to have.
This doesn't change the fact that buying coffee every day can be a significant expense,I'm not saying it can't be, I'm asking if it SHOULD be and WHY?
I don't get what you're even trying to say with this. It costs more than making your own at home because the place you're buying it from has to pay for the barista's time, for expensive equipment to make the coffee, rent for the shop space, paying for higher quality beans etc. Surely you know basic economics?"cup of coffee" also seems to be completely arbitrary in your argument. Should everyone also be able to buy luxury cars, caviar, or whatever else unnecessary item no matter their wage?
comparing luxury cars with a fucking cup of coffeeJesus Christ... how the fuck did you get brainwashed this hard?
I knew you'd jump on that and ignore everything else I said. You're missing the point, I'm just asking you why you think barista coffee is an essential rather than a luxury item.I earn far more than minimum wage and enjoy coffee yet don't buy one every day because it's an expense I can easily do without.
Why is toilet paper an essential rather than a luxury item? Why are underpants an essential rather than a luxury item?
Toilet paper is needed for basic hygiene. This may not be apparent to you, but wiping your arse with your hands can spread disease, as can not wiping it at all.Your turn. Try not to deflect this time.
No it's not, you can wash your ass with water.Speaking of which, why is water an essential rather than a luxury item? This is a trick question.
I humoured you before in the vain hope that you'd actually defend/explain your position like I asked you to. As you seem to have no interest in doing this, there's no point in me continuing to engage.
tfw Republican is elected as presidenttfw Republicans make majority in Congresstfw Republicans cut the shit out of welfare in favor of military spending or some other shittfw NEETs can barely survive off of welfare nowtfw No more of these dumbass threadstfw Imagine them barely survivingYou guys better hope this doesn't happen, because if it does, good luck NEET cucks.

who else become /fitter and happier/ here
Vid highly related
forgot link 
tfw little girls grow up today with THIS as their role model
blame the media, and all things government.
wahh, role models are different today than they were 15 years ago!!! people are different and it scares me!!cry about it, you big baby
blame the JewsFTFU
I hooe you have kids and remember this post when little Billy gets H.I.V at 15
Its all part of the plan. Degrade society. Makes it easier to rule over. Google, protocols of zion.
fuck off you massive fucking retardyou're obviously a kid anyway, since role models 15 years ago were almost as degenerate as they were today.
it'll be cured by then so whatever
people said the same thing about Brittney. or the Olsons. fuck people said this shit about the Osmans. Nigger people used to say Operas would lead to the destruction of civilized society. Especially if it wasn't in Italian,
She's pathetic. Her entire act is her thrusting her crotch and twerking. That's her entire gimick. It's so nauseously contrived it makes me scratch my head at the state of pop music.
miley's not bad at all
curing viruses
yeah people laughed like that when they said we wouldn't make it to the moon
In light ofI'd like to clarifyHer "act" is pathetic.
Miley is literally 2013. Get with the times gaylord
The Hannah Montana character is a great role model though. Do they still air it on Disney channel?
finally meet a single woman i get along withmid 20scute, funny, maturehas a kidWhy?
Maturity takes experience with hardship, and funny requires missing something else to develop
Say no to used goods
There is always at least one absolute dealbreaker you cannot forgive when you an ok woman. It is ok anon find someone else and move on. Better than being a pathetic little bitch who no one will respect because you raised Chad's bastard.
Fucking up and having a kid made her grow out of her party phase. It doesn't have that effect on everyone, but it happens often enough.
This is the deal-breaker, anon.Don't do it.
Because she is a whore, and a stupid one at that.
because sex makes babies, and the measures people take to prevent this natural occurance are never 100% foolproof.be virgin0% chance of pregnancy scare, ever

Get rid of her. Get rid of her inmediately. Nothing more beta than raising other people's child.
DO NOT DATE HERyou make it worse for men everywhere
Literally had one job bitch
because another man used to put his penis inside of her vagina?
It's also worth pointing out that single mothers generally have learned to present themselves better in order to pull in a provider. Never forget that single mothers just want what you can provide for them, not you.
be at family gatheringcousin asking why I'm singleactually have an answer because I have been attempting to find a gf on dating sites"Well at my age 25 it seems like every available woman I meet either wants somebody older and wealthier or they are a single mom, which is a dealbreaker for me since I don't have kids and don't want to put up with somebody else's kids"older sister, aunt and cousin, all of whom are single moms, immediately start bitching at me"they're probably really nice girls anon, they just made a mistake""that's so unfair of you to refuse to date a girl because she has a kid""that just means you know she can handle being a mom and will want to have your kids too"mfw explaining to them that I refuse to raise somebody's bastard childmfw telling them I'd rather be alone than be second fiddle to some girl's money-eating machinemfw telling them no desirable man wants anything serious with a single mommfw explaining how having a kid automatically makes a woman less attractive and that the only possible way I'd date a single mom is if she was a 10/10 supermodelmfw they're still butthurt after that and keep arguing but I never back downmfw letting single moms know how men who aren't beta white knights really feel about single moms
That's why you need to get them between 17-21 or else chad chadamofski has already impregnated them
Keep on fighting the good fight against those loose whores, anon.
teh edgeanyway, the truth is, the kid will always come first for her, unless she's some ghetto tier nignog skank, you'll always be second fiddle to a single parent.
Why does /r9k/ hate single mothers?
because that's how they are themselves, kids of single mothers. You see how they ended up?
Would you rather have a new car or a used car that got pumped full of someone elses cum
I don't hate them, I hate their hypocritical sense of entitlement.
This is where the sons of single mothers end up. Enjoy the fruits of labors that single mothers produce. Maybe women should keep their legs shut and stop being such whores.
I don't hate them at all and I love kids. I'm just not ready for the responsibility that a committed relationship with them could entail.
I will. Now they just think I'm a bitter asshole instead of a possibly homosexual loner.Nothing edgy about my beliefs regarding single moms. It's how any childless man should feel about them. If I was a single dad I'd have nothing against dating them since we would be on equal footing but I didn't fuck my life up that badly so I'm not going to date somebody who did.When I get a new video game, I start a new save file. I don't load up somebody else's save file that is already 50% completed.
 good job, put those roasties in their place.
Just about every woman has been pumped full of cum at some point. Are you only going to date virgins? Good luck with that.
I specifically want that girl to let a nice big fart rip right in front of my face
What do you mean?
Let me tell you something.Any woman with a kid is not "single".
Because they want to act like everything is normal again and that having a child isn't a big deal for a man to date them. But how wrong they are. Only beta males in desperate urgencies could take a single mom. I'm pretty beta myself but at least I try to have some self respect.
Why do single mothers hate manchildren without jobs?I don't hate them, I hate their hypocritical sense of entitlement.
Doing gods work anon
Is this some tumblr warcry or are you serious?
single mom detected
Why does /r9k/ hate single mothers?They are what they are. However, when dating them, understand this the average baby weighs about 7.5 pounds.  that's 5-10lbs of damage to your pussy caused by a kid that isn't yours. dark, peperoni nipples and stretchmarks? caused by a kid that isn't yours can't spend the night at your place whenever you want?  caused by a kid that isn't yours.This is only the physical.Your girlfriend should be your girlfriend, but with single mother's she will always be "So-and-So's" Baby Momma. Not only in social circles but in her heart.At a relationship level, not only will you be 2nd to a kid that isn't yours, you have to deal with emotional splash damage caused by the dude before you, should he ever return to the scene.At a personal level, understand that she is most likely coming from the frame of damaged goods. She understands that "true love" is a sham, because she had her heart ripped out at a very dependable position, a subversive pain that she would unleash on you at a moments notice.
I don't hate themHowever, I wouldn't trust the situation to not turn into drama.Also, intelligent decisions and ability to judge character is immediately suspect.
No. Women with kids are not single, how does that sound remotely anything like a tumblr warcry to you?
PROTIP: She wouldn't have given you the time of day if it weren't for the kid.She's had to lower her standards, and you've simply made the cut now that she's used goods.can fuck, but DO NOT WIFE.You will pay alimony and child support after she divorces you.And yes, you CAN and WILL pay for child support for a kid that's not yours, because divorce courts don't care about fairness, they will justify anything as long as it's in the "best interests" of the child.E.g. making male rape victims pay child support for their rapist's kid.
Women of modest intellect have children in their 20's. Women who are worth a shit wait until they are 35 and married. Needless to say, there are a lot more of the former than the latter.
Yup. Never wife the bitch.
Hate isn't the right word for it.It's more like we acknowledge it's a terrible idea most of the time to be in a "serious" relationship with single mothers.
Another very, very important thing for potential white knights to consider:Let's say she's smart, pleasant, loyal, etc. Disease free. Mentally stable, with a good career track and no debt. A unicorn. Let's say she doesn't force the kid into your life or vice versa. Things go well for a couple of years. You start to get to know the kid and genuinely like them and they you.For whatever reason, things end between you and her. Not only do you have to deal with the usual breakup nonsense, the kid's having to deal with the split as well, even if both of you tried to shield the kid. They suffer even though it has nothing to do with them.
kids born when mom is 35fucking grosskids should be born to moms between 18-30
Don't think of it as hatred, think of it as common sense.You don't hate rattlesnakes, but you are still smart enough to stay the hell away if you don't want to get bit.
tfw a friend of mine married a single mom last year and became her beta providerVery sad to watch this happen to a friend. She's hot and seemed pretty cool in the limited time I have spent around her but fuck man, I just know this will end badly. No way to make him see it without causing him to hate me, though.
Pic related.Source is American Heritage Foundation, who compiled the government survey datasets.
 single motherShe had sex with Chad in the past, but she's looking to settle down now. other single girlsShe also had sex with Chad in the past, and still does every weekend.
single mothervagina is permanently rekt from Chad and she carries around 1+ living beings to remind you of all the times Chad came inside of hersingle childless womanvagina is still intact and she doesn't have a constant reminder of all the times she fucked Chad
I have nothing against single mothers, I just don't want to be a second fiddle or a third wheel, and I don't want to be a consolation prize or a monetary support mechanism. I can barely even manage to take care of myself, let alone be responsible fora child, whom may or may not see me as nothing more than an invader and a usurper.
Both sound extremely unappealing. Especially the single mother due to the baggage she comes with.
friend starts dating a pregnant girlsomeone elses kid obviously, he doesn't care"shes the best GF i've ever had! the sex is wild and she actually cares about me unlike EXGF1 and EXGF2"tell him obviously she's going to put up the perfect girlfriend acthe doesn't understand that it's to land a provider to take care of this bastard with before she pops it out and basically he's her last chancetells me he has no job so its not a provider thingremind him of his 500k invested in the stock market, and $2000 dividends a month and he pays for a 2 br apartment alone without a job because of it"she's not like that man. shes not a gold digger"hold my tongue because he's been my best friend for 16 yearsshe moved in with him about a month before the kid pops out, they have only dated about six monthstell him this is a huge mistake and hes gonna be pressured into signing something at the hospital when the kid is bornsee less and less of him online his drinking has intensified he saysgetting sick of hearing the kid cry and waking him up or having to do chores like pick up formula or diaperstired of having to be around his gf and the kid all the time and just wants some time on his owntell him to take a vacation and come back here to town, see his mom, basically just get away for a week since he doesnt have a job anywayIt's been a month since then and we barely talk anymore outside of a random facebook message, or a long winded conversation at how stressed out he is. He could easily pick his shit up and leave right now. He refuses to do it. I even plugged in a snide remark about how he won't take a vacation because she hasn't given him "permission" and laughed. He's such a bitch, it's pathetic. When I look at him I'm kind of glad I'm alone. Imagine dating a pregnant girl and then letting her move in that fast BEFORE the kids out... none of you robots would do this I hope.
girl messages me on PoFwe're talking and she seems into meexamine her profile more closelyunder the part that asks "do you have children" she answered "prefer not to say"ask if she has kids"...technically no, I'm 2 months pregnant though"nothing on her profile indicated this and she didn't mention itbitch knew what she was doing, trying to trap some unsuspecting sucker into providing for her and her unborn Chad spawnblock her profile, thank God I hadn't given her my number yetFucking cunt
I'd rather be a beta fucking chad's leftovers then a straight up castrated male
why wouldn't you fuck chad's leftovers?
I don't think you're giving your friend enough credit. Choosing to raise a kid isn't something anyone takes lightly. He obviously want to have a family, and he sees that happening with that girl. And I know things could go wrong, but they might go right, too. A friend of mine met his now-wife when she was already pregnant. They've been together for over 10 years he's 30, now, recently got a house together, got married, and are now going to have another kid together. I don't know how close you guys are/were as friend, but it would suck to think that in 10 years, he might be in a happy relationship, raising a family together with that girl, and the entire time you were being an unsupportive prick.
Why does /r9k/ hate single mothers?With exception to widows, it indicates bad decision making.
and the entire time you were being an unsupportive priOn the flip side, he could just be pressuring the guy to stay in a relationship that he's tired of being in.In the end, it comes down to echoing his feelings and being there for him.
THIS CHAD MADE RUNESCAPE REEEEEEEEEE
I would settle for a teenage mom.
You would end up dissatisfied
OP would you take the herpes bullet
Im in the same boat as you OPWhat's your age?
tfw the only girls to show interest in you are underage.Fucking why? Does anyone else have this issue?I just want a girl who's the same age as me. Not some illegal bitch who'll get me arrested.
most women want stable guyswhen they compare guys their age to older guys, typically the older guys have their shit together
Implying those aren't the girls you want to show in interest in youIt's 2015, why aren't you into pedophilia?
Before a certain age, girls tend to value how hot you are over how much of a Chad you are. That's why boy bands are so popular. Are you attractive, OP?
I used to have that problemThen it was old ladiesNow no one has any interest in meApparently growing my hair out and growing a beard is all it takes to make my totally unattractive to everyone. I am actually fine with this since I don't like getting emotionally close to anyone.
Aren't Chad and attractive just synonyms?
tfw being harassed by a 16 year old and a single momtfw they make the fucking bagels look just like the fucking bread in the captchaWhen will this fucking ride end?
Daily reminder that you turbovirgins ignore women in your league while pursuing those who are out of your league.
there's no honor in losing your virginity to a fat woman
No, I've gotten to ignoring women altogether. They're not even worth it.
Daily reminder that I'm in a secret under league in which precisely no women preside and if they do it would just be too gross for either of us to handle assuming I could meet her and we got along in the first place
Guys what kind of bug is this
fagbug
A virgin bug. they live in the nether regions of a virgin male. Their friends are nits and bed bugs.
I did find this in my dog nether regions, also he is a virgin. I guess we cracked the case. Thanks anon.
tfw you're always nervoustfw even when people seem they like you you think they secretly hate you or you needlessly worry about them liking other people more than youtfw you always feel like a foreign bacteria invading a systemtfw you sweat profusely and people notice ittfw you always think of the perfect thing to say right after you could have said ittfw sometimes you even rehearse conversations and think of things to say but then forget to say themtfw you maintain a veneer of happiness and are even sometimes happy with others, but always fall back into this when alone
tfw no one even replies to your threads on /r9k/
Shit, that hits way too close to home.tfw you're expected to make conversation but can't think of anything so you make an excuse to leave instead of getting to know the other person better
You are made entirely of bitch, this is your problem. Tonight you will sleep in a cold and damp forest and contemplate what it means to be self-satisfied.
have plenty of friendswell liked by themspend plenty of time with themfeel lonely and like an outsider despite thisFucking hell. It's like, I see them, and we hang out and have fun, and then I just go home and they still don't know me.
tfw haven't had friends in over three years due to problems similar to OP'sI can't get beyond small talk and pleasantries anymore. At least in school I could think of jokes and interesting things that made people want to talk to me. Now I'm just a polite background object during social gatherings.
Awwwww
Me on all accounts except for the sweating, why can't we not be failures?? How did we even get this way??
I think it's a selfesteem thing. I'm ashamed of where I am in life, sp figure others will similarly look down on me.
go see a doctor for that anxiety
Finally someone put this into words for me. Those feel are too painful. Specifically the "you think people secret hate you" thing. People always act cool around me, but I feel like they only tolerate me. I am too scared to hangout with people because I feel like I'm a burden. And at the same time, I'm too scared to ask if they want to do something because I know they're going to say "Oh sorry man, I got other plans."Also in every small group of friends I've ever had, i've been at the bottom. The punching bag. I was the guy who everyone made fun of, but they let me hang around them. They would go out to the movies and then say "oh shit, sorry man, I thought you didn't like movies".It hurts, it really does.
This is , I saw a psychologist every month for close to a year. She had me fill out this chart after noteworthy social interactions and we'd go over my answers, but it didn't seem to help. Anything I'd learned went out the window as soon as I found myself around people besides my parents.Pretty much. I was the funny fat guy. I'd joke around with them during school and go home alone every day. Rarely got invited out, and never asked others for the same reason you mentioned.
what were your parents like?
THAT IS A RARE PEPE DON'T POST IT SO LOOSELY
My mom was great. Supportive, nice, maybe a bit overbearing but I understood why. Had a sense of humor. I've never met my dad that I remember.
Not OP, but I can relate to those feels.Mom:Nicest lady you'll ever meetConstantly offering to do things for others, including myselfVery cautious, always reminding me not to do potentially dangerous thingsDad:Average middle-aged Canadian, into trucks and beer and country musicGruff, practically-mindedHe's always been around, but never connected with him as well as with momOn different wavelengths, can't really have insightful conversations due to our different ways of expressing ideas
never connected with him as well as with momOn different wavelengths, can't really have insightful conversations due to our different ways of expressing ideasTHIS SO MUCH, it's probably why I turned out such a pussy, because I don't have the father foundation that a young man should have,
Plus, when talking to my mom I don't have to dread the "sometimes I worry about you, when I was your age I was going out with friends and talking to girls" speech.
Not only that, butKindergartenMention a girl"Ooooh, is she your ~girlfriend~?"Does this practically every dayAs a result I feel embarrassed talking to girls, and don't want to prove dad right by doing soNearly 20 years later, he still fucking does itCannot have a mature discussion about women or relationships with himYet he still asks when I'll get a girlfriend
I treat them like my best friends, but do they consider me as a friend?
TFW no bf with foot long cock to fill up my pussy
There are literally household objects, fruits, and vegetables that meet your criteria. How are you single?
what all wymen really want amiritealso checkem
8in OK?
nuggies are the new tendies
i haven't ejaculated in 122 days
FUCK OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
go to bed Ronnie
Thats good, when you finally cum you will have enough to dip all your tendies in
i can help u with that bb
i agree
Not Jolly PoppysThey cost 2 more GBP per each but they're worth it
agreed
is this nice board?
r9k ladies and gents
try to star at this photo while listening to this song without laughing or smiling, you literally can't do it.
Kill yourself today.
my vagina when he lives with his parents
My peenus weanus when she thinks I give a le shit :^D
38% of American men between the ages of 24-35 now live with their parents while working.Number increases every year.Expected to hit 49% by the 2020 Census.
my dick when she lives with her parants
my vagina when he makes less then 100k a year
I live with my parentsshe lives with her parentswe're both basically giant children stuck in adult bodiesgoing to university together and it's basically just high school+Huh.
my penis when she's a roastiemy penis when she's got neon-dyed hair, piercings and/or tattoosmy penis when she's a "bisexual" and/or a "nerd"my penis when she's a hambeast
my pussy when he has brown eyes
We're becoming Japan, except even worse because in Japan the men choose to not pursue women, and in America the women are so shit that the men would rather go Otaku mode.
It's just the real estate market. Everybody struggling.
This is a good thing. Shit colored eyed people need to stop breeding.
insecure white boy spotted
What? The women are really shitty in Japan dude it's literally the same situation.
Implying I am not a gray eyed moroccan.
dat title
My vagina when...he lives with his parentshe's less than 8/10 faciallyhe's shorter than 6'2" and that's generoushe makes less than 100khe doesn't have 17" biceps at 8% body fathe doesn't have a 9"x6.5" dickhe doesn't fluently speak at least two foreign languages not including JapaneseAny self-respecting women won't give the time of day to a "man" who fits even ONE of these criteria.
MGTOW and hikikomori people are going to increase dramatically if wages keep on dropping like they are.
Wages aren't really even the issue. It'd the real estate market. The State owns the land and taxes you every year. Your biggest expense in life is the mortgage and property tax.
You guys got big vaginas
Is it really that bad?I mean we have Feminists to deal with.I figured Korean girls were far worse than Japanese.
That's true, but I still think that wages are a huge problem. The minimum wage keeps decreasing with respect to the cost of basic living, and people are fucking pissed off.
I mean we have Feminists to deal with.*tips fedora*Feminists are the symptom, not the problem
The areas with high paying jobs have expensive as fuck real estate and taxes.
That is a true statement.
My dream.
Then how do you have sex?
Feminists are the symptom, not the problemFeminists are just a subset of left wing thinking.They are actually part of the problem.Also you didnt answer my question.
lel.Enjoy paying 1200 a month for rent.
delusional
100k isn't even that hard to make to be honest
Another thread where lifeless losers of both gender who either have shit jobs or live at home state their unreal ideals on partners. If you think you deserve a good looking stable partner who makes a good amount of money and you're a shitty person ,you probably don't deserve anything . Grow up children.
What if I think I deserve an ugly partner who's poor as shit and I can't get that?
brightly died hairexcessive tattoos or piercingswatches reality TVdoesn't readSJW or SJW enablerhad a "lesbian phase"has more than 1 cat or dogdon't care if she's chubby, but instant noodle dick if she says that it's genetic or a glandular problem for excuse for her lack of disciplinelots of male friendswon't put down cell phone to address the people around herhas a tumblris unable to stop talkinghas childrenBTW I'm a 9/10 Chad
Women want a man who: Makes at least 100kis at least 6'4"Has an 8 inch God cock Is in perfect shape Has a 10/10 face Men want a woman who: Isn't too fat or crazy Women are evil.
How can you make that much money without 8 years+ of schooling or 100 hour work weeks?
Hotel rooms are not expensive, especially if you're working and have income.
your pussy
when you're white but you still have brown eyeswhy live.
gr8 b8 for real
I went to college for 4 years. I'm also not paid by the hour. That's the difference I guess. I made $130K my first year out of college and it's been going up the two years since then.
Women want a man who makes 100k a year ? Get real bitches , we live in an age where women just wanna be babied. If you pick your partner based off how much money your partner makes you deserve to be beaten and battered
r9k to this b8
What is your job title?
I don't have one. The company I work for has only 3 employees.
Yup.I make more than enough to get an apartment, but apartments aren't cheap where I live think $2k/mo for a decent 1 bedroom, so I choose to live with my parents. If I got an apartment it would eat up about half of my after tax income.I gave up on dating a couple years ago though so I don't care about the stigma. If I was trying to date I'd move out. In my case, it's not worth it.All of that money I'm saving is going to pay for my masters, and I'm going to go to grad school in an area where rent is cheap, so I will have my own place then.Our generation kind of got fucked in terms of living expenses.
my dick when she's 3D
So what you are saying is you basically have to co-own a business or go to 8 years plus of school to make 100k a year.
Why not try for a fully paid PhD program? I find that people who just go for Master's outside of something like an MBa are very unaware of the fact that PhDs are generously funded in quite a few places.
Underrated post
Eh, I might do that. To be honest I haven't studied grad school enough yet. I have to sit down and put in a few hours of reading before I sign up for anything. I've just been saving money so I have some cushion for moving out. I don't want to worry about paying for things while I'm studying.I'm a developer so I could continue working and make very decent money in a few years without a higher degree. I just like school and learning more than doing work.Also if I get a graduate degree I might be able to work on more interesting projects when I'm done. Business doesn't interest me as much as science. Most of the work in any kind of research environment requires a doctorate or a masters, from what I've seen.
come on how many 19 year olds do you know that live on their own
having stupid parents that had children while poorLike any healthy family my room is on the second floor with soundproofing and they knock, not even that anon since I have no gf
I've got news for you, if you have brown eyes, you're not white.
Since OP left, here is question for "fem"bots. Why only vanilla in bed?
im doing the same thing as you are, i've been putting grad school off for a long time now. got a good amount of savings but i still have no fuckin idea where to even start applying to grad school :^
he lives with his parentsI don't wanna waste money on rent.he's less than 8/10 faciallyI'm average.he's shorter than 6'2" and that's generous6'1"he makes less than 100k~120K/annumhe doesn't have 17" biceps at 8% body fatI don't have this.he doesn't have a 9"x6.5" dickI don't have this.he doesn't fluently speak at least two foreign languages not including JapaneseI speak two foreign languages useful for my job currently learning French
he lives with his parentsThat means I could have more disposable income for you. he's less than 8/10 facially4/10 at best.he's shorter than 6'2" and that's generous6'he makes less than 100k18Khe doesn't have 17" biceps at 8% body fat17 inch but high % body fat.he doesn't have a 9"x6.5" dick5 inch length, don't know about circumference.he doesn't fluently speak at least two foreign languages not including JapaneseOne foreign language and learning Japanse.They're the selective sex with the scarce eggs.
are hazel eyes white?

Mine, too. Men who live with their parents past the age of 20 are inexcusable.
C and C++ are my soul mates.I only fuck Java because there is a lot of money in it. That dirty whore.
1200Don't know where you live, but where I live, 1200 would be more than most pay for a mortgage. Me and my husband's rent is 400/month, plus utilities.
except even worse because in Japan the men choose to not pursue womenHow is that a problem?
What the fuck where do you live?4th year electrician apprentice here and I can barely afford to keep myself off the street, my rents 370 a week, 3 bedroom house in a tiny town 20 minutes away from the city I work in.I can't fathom how any NEET could sustain themselves in this fucking economy.Lmfao. All my mates who lived with their parents past the age 20 now own their own homes.You really think someone can live off a $290 a week first year apprentice salary?Don't you understand how the real world works?You're just another stupid fucking whore, probably a dude pretending to be a girl otherwise a fucking ugly girl for spending all her time here.Fuck off.
It isn't a problem yet, and won't be if there are major advances in workplace automationBut Govs want more people for more tax money
4th year electrician apprenticeHow is that possible? You should have been a Journeyman 2 years ago. Also, I live in the midwest.
I'm not asking you to own your own home. I'm asking you not to be living with your parents. You want to live in a prohibitively expensive part of the country, that's your stupid choice.
Moving out of your parents house these days is full blown retarded and purely an aesthetic choice to make you appear more mature, when in reality you're just busting your ass and practically giving your money away to satisfy your own ego. I do believe however that if you do remain with your parents you should contribute and try to do as much for yourself as you possibly can, just think of it as a really cheap apartment rather than living with mom and dad.
major advances in workplace automationYou say that like it's possible to make sweeping changes across many workplaces, it isn't humans are needed, anyone who thinks a robot can out do a person needs to watch a strength test vid of human VS robot welding.Fucking robots, they can only replicate extremely menial jobs where unskilled labour is cheaper, an abattoir would be an example, it could be fully automated but it's still far cheaper to just use unskilled labour.
I'm Australian, it must work differently here. basically; 1st2nd3rd4thqualified
Ours is apprentice for 2 years, journeyman for 5, Master afterwards presuming you can pass the Master's Test. Not everyone can. But Journeyman is nothing to sneeze at, wage-wise
my dick when she's entitled little princess whore who expects thousands of things from you but offers nothing herself, only sex, which she most of the times rejects because "reasons" aka pumped by nignogs roastiehambeasttriggerinatramp marks or piercings
This.
You want to live in a prohibitively expensive part of the country, that's your stupid choice.born in Sydneyhave to stay in Sydney because of parents work commitmentsthat's your stupid choiceSo when did we start chosing our birthplaces?Are you that fucking stupid? I am in the fucking cheap part.If I wanted to live in Sydney I'm looking at $400 MIN otherwise I live in fucking mt druitt get stabbed by ice dealers take two trains and a bus to work each day taking me a total of two and a half fucking hours one way.Bitch I don't care what you're asking. You sit on your fucking ass spiting broad spiteful comments without any forethought just for reactions.Most people who make the concious decision to live at home while working so they can go straight to buying a home instead of getting stuck in the fucking renters trap.Are you truly this fucking ignorant?
It has nothing to do with ego, and everything to do with independence. But whatever you tell yourself to get to sleep at night.
I don't live with my parentsbut I have a credit score of like 400 from being a college dropout with unpayable student debt
Umm employers in Sydney are well aware of this and pay accordingly. What's that, anon didn't get a good qualification? He throws a tantrum when his lack of effort landed him at a station in life fit for someone who didn't put in any effort? My heart is breaking for you anon :
AustralianThat's why your rent is so much kekI pay $700/month for a mortgage on a house. I live in the midwest US. There's nothing and it's cheap as all hell. It's great.
have to stay in Sydney because of parent's workLOL NO YOU DONT FAGGOT!Why don't you move to Perth? Rent is going DOWN in Perth.I live in a cute 2 bedroom apartment with my gf in leafy, trendy East Fremantle, $300 a week.
You obviously have no idea what you're talking about.I'm 4th year with a company I love. in 6 months time I'll be qualified looking to study a specialisation and sitting on a comfortable 140ishk a year. Signed the contract in march.So since you obviously know what you're talking about, tell me, what's the average pay of a first, second, third and 4th year apprentice?lack of effort 91 ATARKek. Did you even graduate? Or were you too busy nursing the child you had a 17?Tantrum? Oh the normie is assuming it can guage emotion through text, how fucking laughable.
91 ATARChose not to challenge himself at uniYeah, that's a lack of effort.
my dick when she says she wants a relationship or to get married
b-but we the lucky country.I thought about it as my sisters in Perth but it's just too far, my license is disqualified till 2022.I plan to move to Adelong in 6 years, after my contract ends and I've saved enough to buy a sweet lil home.
my wallet when I live with my parents
my license is disqualified till 2022You don't need a licence to catch a plane mate.Goddamn you trades are stupid.
"independence" even though without some employer providing you a job you'd be on the streets. independence doesn't exist, only illusions of it to satisfy your ego
choseI still can but I prefer this and I was coaxed into it, my father/grandfather/uncles were all either electricians or electrical engineers. My father did a good job of making me think anyone who goes to uni is a sap faggot, as you all are, finishing 60k degrees half failed because you were too busy drinking/partying and ending up at maccas for 5 years lel.
live with parents, on autismdollarsspend $1300 neetbux mostly on heroin and cocainebring girl homemfw wetter than an ocean and im still 10/10 lazy# neet lifeonly 3 more days wagecuks!! u got this
mfw i've transcended the need to care about all things
I'm stupid but you're the fucking idiot who doesn't understand I've signed a contract, something I believe I've typed three times now.On top of that do you have any idea how hard it is to move workplaces during an apprenticeship thanks to the changes the liberal fuckwitts made?Oh and there's also the;Sister I know you're doing a masters atm and running your own company butuhhhcan you pls drive me to and from work just till I figure out the bus stopsoh wait I haven't got a job yet lol can you drive me to interviewsand house me till I find a homeand uhh yeahFuck you faggot I think I'll keep doing what I'm doing and move to the sweet Adelong hills.
You're dad sounds jealous that people who did engineering at uni got promoted ahead of him.
And you sound like someone who loves conjecture.Before Rubican went into administration Huge international aussie company based in Shepparton they made satellite controlled irrigaton gates and random fabrications to order he was chief sparky, his major problem with uni students, more so universities in general is they just didn't give the students enough practical lessons, the company worked out if they had to put a person straight out of uni on they'd have to spend 1 year teaching them the basics that used to be learnt in trade schools so they just stopped putting them on to save money. He's not working any more, currently finishing a radiography course, mum has breast cancer and he's going through a mid life crisis.
this guy gets it
That picture makes me incredibly happy for some reason.
38% of American men between the ages of 24-35 never get any pussynumber increases every yearexpected to hit 49% by the 2020 census.FTFY
Yes this
hey bro, i'm trying to get autismbux, how do you get so much, 1300 bucks is awesome, they pay 600 here in Quebec.
All the ones without the X's look ugly. They must be subhumans because I'm a human and I don't find them attractive.
/10my brother gets that but he worked for like 2 years and gets disability instead of SSI
tfw not australiantfw starting third year electrician apprenticeshiptfw rent is only $500/mo for a two bedroom apartmentLife is comfy, if only I wasn't autistic.
what kind of disability he got?i'm thinking of faking autism or some serious retardedness. even then it's only 300 bucks more above normal welfare.
shes not racist with her dating preferencesshes not whitenot smartuses facebook for more than messagingnot 5ft 9doesnt have perfect sized perky tits and pink nipplesdoesnt have an innieisnt silky smooth all over her body except headisnt using the arm implant birth control and getting 0 side effectsexpects anything above her valuewants kidswants to get marriedis bad at video games but doesnt realise itdyed hairhas ANY piercingsdrinks alcoholdoes drugssays she is a christian but in reality knows nothing about religionInto the trash.isnt good at mathscant drivecant cook fresh meals from scratchisnt a virginthinks giving blow jobs doesnt end her virginityNot even joking.
boomer detected
NAW BEEN OVER THE WOMEN ARE SLIGHTLY BETTER THE MEN ARE JUST SUPER BETA
Awkward girl stories are a go I'm 15 In bible camp girl in a wheelchair, who is actually fucking hot as fuck, is sitting in her chair next to the sports field I go up to her and ask her if she's ok she says yeah but obviously she's a bit bored to being able to play I get a tennis ball and throw it back and forth later on she texts me from her lodgings girls and boys in separate areas asking if I wanna meet at sunset meet the chick, she's folded her chair and is sitting on a blanket so she doesn't seem broken 2 hours later we're kissing, I tear her clothes off and undress, and fuck her it's really hard to control her legs while on my knees thrusting as they are flopping about in my one free hand camp leaders come close I say "fuck...run" and run away I later realize she was disabled and she was lying there naked when the bible leaders came round

I say "fuck...run"i lol'd.
copypasta of the stale variety
