Why do people immediately revert to toddlers as soon as they start talking about sex?"sexy time", etc, and pic related
We learn about sex when we're very young, and for most people the experience is so shocking that it's always associated with a kind of childlike astonishment.Also it's a way of talking about it without shame. To be an adult and to copulate with another human being is terrifying. To pretend that one and one's partner are mentally children is to make things simpler and more peaceful.Just dumb guessing, I'm a virgin
I just clicked that piece of shit thinking it was a tendie. Fucking gross.
tfw you see the thumbnail and your first instinct is to assume it's an image of tendies
same
what do women who throw their babies away feel?you have this living being who lives within with you for 9 months, he feeds off of you, he kicks your tummy every now and then, you feel their presence every day. then you throw them away. how does that feel?
Bitches™
it's the same as getting a parasite removed, you feel relieved if anything
A product of your body is literally just that, to do whatever you please with.You sound like a fedora tipping christfag
if she knows it's going to be a nigger or retard or faggot baby, I guess that behaviour could make some kind of sense
I've known girls who had to abort... And even though they tried to act as if they were over with it, I could see that they were devastated... They couldn't regret their abortion since they knew the "child" cause despite what many people say, when a girl aborts it still ain't a baby yet would have suffered and their lives would have been a living Hell... Cause the dad tends to disappear pretty oftenSo if one has to throw away their baby... I can safely assume that it would haunt them for their whole life. They would feel an unbearable guilt for their whole life, even if they didn't have the choice...
I don't really understand why they'd go through with it. If my period is late by more than a day I run out and buy a pregnancy test. I would want an abortion as soon as possible if I were pregnant. I'm not sure why these women don't just get one.
indifferent
Haha, no. I wouldn't feel any guilt. Why would I? I don't want a child. I HATE children. I hate everything about them. They disgust me and the idea of being pregnant is entirely repugnant. I would rather poison myself with nutmeg than go through with a pregnancy. Compared to that, medical abortion is nothing, specially if you catch it early, like you would if you were careful about monitoring for missed periods. It would literally still be a clump of cells and I would miss it about as much as the egg and uterine lining I shed monthly.
If it's extra early, please donate it to your local hospital. They'll know what to do with stem cells.
Forgot to mention, before eight weeks, it's not even considered a fetus. It's hardly a "child" and your romanticized notions of pregnancy are laughable.
You sound nice
females should be neutered at birth, it's cruel and inhumane allowing just anyone to get pregnant
And people say abortion isn't murder
Do you know that doctors won't let you get sterilized until you're 30 or so in the US? I've talked to two gynocologists about it, but neither one would do before 30. Just 4 more years.I wish.
atheismdisregarding human lifeif anyone is the fedora'd edgelord, it's you
How can you kill something that ain't alive ?
This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything to the discussion.
every life is precious lol XD
clump of cellsyou are also a "clump of cells"also barring catastrophic circumstance that clump of cells will and is intended to become human life. you might as well be pulling plugs of people in the hospital on life support with your libtard "they can't survive on their own" logic
I love it when women claim to be the sensitive gender and they fight tooth and nail for abortion. They must feel so sincere and genuine to have that little bugger sucked out of you like a parasite.
The kids are just as alive as the mother until they are killed.
Would you rather never even come into existence, or live only to suffer for the better of your life? If given the choice, I'd certainly pick the first. Problem is, this choice isn't given to anyone in our fucked up society.
You can't ask a baby if it wants to live or not. It'll just cry for milk. Women are just as selfish and heartless as men. They just empathize for cute, fuzzy animals so people are under the assumption that they must be honest and sincere.
women should be allowed to delete their babies if they can show the father was a piece of shit. If I was in america who should I vote for to stand up for this opinion?
how inimical to good
any bleeding heart faggot liberal will tell you what you wanna hear
Women shouldn't be having babies with men who are "piece of shit" to begin with. The women themselves would need to be persecuted in some fashion for this to work.
So you'd rather let someone lead a miserable life than no life at all? What's the point?
If it's unfeasible that they will ever be taken off life support, and they're essentially just buying time, then yeah, pull the plug.
That picture man... I don't know... Holy shit. It hurts to look at it.
bleeding heart faggot liberalshmm are they also ok with keeping superior fetuses against the mothers will? I should be voting to improve the race whether or not the faggot liberals agree
they all become healthy people after 9 months in this analogy
superior fetusesimproving the raceFancy yourself an eugenist, eh? You're aware that diversity is the only path to resilience on the species level, and that keeping as many alleles as possible in the gene pool the only eugenist method to achieve this?
so if all the niggers keep having all the babies, everything should be ok?
Abortion is a human sacrifice ritual -- the most powerful known to exist. It was invented by eugenics operatives within the occultic elite to cury Satan's favor while gaining his protection of their warmaking, usury, currency manipulation, and control over the minds of men.Why is abortion the most powerful form of ritual human sacrifice? Because it entails the most defenseless victims conceivable the unborn being murdered by the very persons most duty-bound to love and protect them from harm -- their own mothers, and medical doctors who've sworn oaths to their gods to do no harm.These ritual murders which society misnames abortions are, furthermore, carried out in a nonchalant and routinized fashion exclusively to facilitate hedonistic apathy, laziness, and convenience; symbolically placing ten seconds of vaginal pleasure above the value of a human lifetime's worth of a living, breathing human being's consciousness.In short, Satan loves abortion because it symbolizes evil within cruelty within evil. It proffers that a few seconds of vaginal contractions mean more than human life itself, and it does this using the greatest symbols of love and compassion mothers and doctors, satanically inverted into spiritually numbed, unfeeling executioners.So the next time you see a western woman screeching about her abortion rights on the steps of some state capitol, look into her empty eyes and know that you're seeing more than a simple murderer. Look into her eyes and know that you're seeing a demon, the very definition of evil. And know that the steady stream of death she inflicts on the unborn is what powers the elite's satanic karma.
You seem really aware of things. I found out what you are saying is true through years of reading and an occult experiment gone wrong.Believe me God is the only way out. Its time to tell the maya get yay behind me.Hare Krishna brother.
females should be neutered at birth, it's cruel and inhumane allowing just anyone to get pregnantOn the plus side, if they were raped then becoming pregnant would be the least of their worries.
No. If only niggers reproduce, only between themselves, and/or reproduce way more than other "races" - which is admittedly the case nowadays -, that's a moderately important problem from an eugenist point of view, since if there's a pandemic that only affects people with a given gene that's mostly spread throughout their population, then we'll lose a huge chunk of humanity.
If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life. -- Exodus 21:22-23If the baby is killed by someone, it has to pay the husband some shekels or what ever the husband decides.If the mother is killed resulting from the assault, then it is murder and the accused must be executed.Therefore in the bible, fetus =/= life in the bible.Why dont the edgy christfags follow their own book?
It feels bad. I acted surrogate for someone, and they had the cruelty to let me take care of the baby for awhile after it was born before taking it.
So they're not only pragmatic, they also have the best religious views?! God damn. I was neutral, but I'm starting to like abortion now!
Normally I would say you're a heartless bitch, but with so many brainless faggots and normies being born I have to agree.
Rich people don't know what it means to be a human.
too real, man. too real
this image is actually pretty fucked upkeep looking at it
womenfeel
what do men who throw their tapeworms away feel?you have this living being who lives within with you for 9 months, he feeds off of you, he kicks your tummy every now and then, you feel their presence every day. then you throw them away. how does that feel?
What are you even doing here dumb slut?
I just texted her. I can almost taste the incoming rejection, like a giant avalanche of spaghetti rushing forward to crush me. It's meaty meatballs like the beady eyes of a female satan that I cannot help but ask out on a date.Please provide me some pain killers in thought form.
Go get er tiger :
You will be one of many guys who texted her.
Let me lay some ground rules for ya. No more than 2 sentences in one textNo pussy ass beat around the bushYou're asking her to hangout and chill. Less words the betterdon't be extraordinarily thoughtfultreat her like some basic bitchWhat did you text her word for word. I'll hold your hand thru this.
Keep us updated OP
just bee urself :^
NOTHIN BUT GUTSNOTHIN BUT GUTSNOTHIN BUT GUTS
What did you say
This anon knows what's up. Short and sweet. The only smiley allowed is ";" and that's to show you're ready to give the D, a single "x" is allowed if you're trying to be nice Keep short as possible no essay texts, and never, ever text twice in a row.
Results OP, we need results
I asked her to come over for a faff and a laff.So far she hasn't responded.
Faff and a laff, too British for me. Maybe you should have told that bitch to come over and watch some Netflix or something. Then again I myself am not good with asking bitches out.
Exact words? Are you actual britbong?
Not OP, but it is possible bros, there's hope for all of us.1/5
2/5
3/5
4/5
5/5 Aaand the big finale. Smooth as fuck. We're all going to make it Bros.
At this very point is where you should have realised she wants to be friends
Good job I guess. She doesn't seem like that great of a catch tho.
implying women are their own speciesTalk to her as you'd respond well to somebody talking to you and you'll do finehey fancy lunch on Thursday? Is much better than some poem about fedoras or whatever the fuck you tried to woo her with Plus a direct short question is much harder to avoid, and most women are non confrontational
Pitty date lol. You normies really are thirsty.
keep going faggot
It aint hard to escape the friendzone.She's a solid 8/10Nah, she'd being flirting with me for about a week before. This was always going to happen.
She seems dumb as a fukken rock ayeNever date bogan slutsOh, by the way, "maybe 1" means you buy her a free meal and that's it.
It aint hard to escape the friendzone.Ok Chad, please tell me howShe's a solid 8/10post pics
Damn. she wasn't sure about that at all.
Mate you're making me cringe, that shit is unbearable. Number one rule of birds is you keep this shit short, leave the "wah wah I like smart people look how deep my feels are" till after you've met Men and women are differently wired, they like mystery, they want to know as little as possible about you until you're together, and at that point a chick is more likely to stay with you despite your weirdness than you'd be to stay with her despite her weirdness. Despite what r9k says most women are pretty loyal, the only ones who aren't are the equivalent of chad. Women get love and shit and as long as you fulfil them on an emotional level and they're not a huge slut pro tip, most girls are huge sluts but just for one person, cheating is uncommon with a girl you can tell is sane, you can almost always tell the crazy slut cheaters from the first date Tl;Dr don't come off so desperate and moany, girls want you to be happy so she can share her problems with you, they don't want to listen to your emotions, that's what bros are for
Smooth as fuckOh it's satire. Ok. I get it
Dairy reminder that there's no absolute truths, only general ones, e.g girls that want to listen to your emotions actually exist.
Men and women are differently wired, they like mystery, they want to know as little as possible about you until you're togetherI wish somebody told me this earlier, you're 100% correct
yeah maybe 1JUST
There's a few ways out. One is to go and fuck/date some other chick, and make it public that so that she feels like you're in demand. Men with gfs or hook up regularly are hotter because they're in demand. Other way is to cut of contact with her for at lest 3 months and then 'acvidently' bump into her. Whe n you reinitate contact you have to be confident and flirt well, making it apparent you've had a great time since you last saw her. Always have to flirt properly. That will prevent you getting friendzone d in the first place.
Yeah she sounds really into it.
this is how you do it: Her: I'm watching insert showMe: Never seen it, what is it aboutHer: long story about showMe: Seems pretty cool, I might start watching it next season.Her: We should binch this season sometimeMe: Sure, sounds good.Her: Tomorrow? Me: Ok, i'll text youGranted, I lost all my spaghetti later, but hey.
This only works for confident people who knows how to flirt, though.
OP do you have a reply yet
high schooler mind gamesnah thanks
Are you me? The only difference is I asked her out and she said yeah.Literally ONE day I sperged out while texting her and she hasn't replied in about 2 days
Yup. Never say anything, the few things you mention before you're solid with a girl is your car, maybe some friends, if you have a place to live of your own, and where you work. Basically shit that makes you sound normal and solid. Girls are easy to mislead so you can misdirected them if you don't drive, or live with parents etc;Basically any personal story, any hardships, any emotional feelings you have leave that shit for a few months, or at least until you're solidly in a relationship. My friend was trying to hook up with a girl and I felt embarrassed for him as he was talking about how he's so depressed he can't find girls and how he can't make relationships last. You do NOT say that shit to a prospective partner. Always wait until they've fallen for you, once a girl has fallen for you you could basically shit in their face and they'd put up with it. You can tell if a girl has fallen for you by looking in her eyes after sex, if she's staring deeply into yours with an almost sad but smiling look you know she loves you. Then you can tell her that "funny" story about how you didn't lose your virginity until 25 and how when you shit yourself in 3rd grade you where called poopy mcgee for a year
I did the same yesterday anon. She hasnt reply yet. Fuck her im not talking her anymore
Maybe take a bit off from texting her. Then talk to her later irl normally? It couldn't have been that bad right?
s he was talking about how he's so depressed he can't find girls and how he can't make relationships last. Was he trying to get a pity fuck or something? I'll remember that for next time, it sucks because I treated her like a nobody at first and she was loving it and as soon as I was attracted to her she shat all over me.Thanks again m8
stop trying to pass your opinions as universal facts
I'd already known her for quite a while, and what I did obviously worked.Theres quite literally a wikihow on flirting. And I used it a year or so ago when I was hopeless with women.
How do you 'flirt properly'?How for the love of fuck. When robots try to flirt it just makes the girl laugh/vomit.
It was pretty cringey, let me post the conversation we last had.Some context: she was wearing my housemates tight pink PJs. I apologised to her for my autism a day later and she made me look even more autistic by saying "I don't have time for your trying to flirt with me"
forgot pic
She's not interested at all. Give up
why would you insult her, anon?
Joke around, tease her GENTLY. Make physical contact, but try not to be creepy about it. Physical contact releases oxytocin which helps in bonding. Smile and make eye contact. Tell her stories about cool stuff you've done. Listen to her, don't focus the conversation on yourself. That's it really.
she looks uniquely british. GL man doing better than me.
Theres quite literally a wikihow on flirtingLet me spin it another way. Would you say that flirting - and any kind of emotional-driven action, for that matter - is a logical, prgamatic thing that you can simply the tutorial for? Or is it rather something you do instinctively, based on your feelings?Simply put: is it even possible to fake it, let alone make it?
that sounds literally worse than "just be yourself"
Yeah maybe 1lmaowhen she said You'll find someone it was obvious that she didn't find you attractive you retard
boring people usually mesh into one for me haha
To make you feel better here is my spergtextingMe: Sounds like fun, but I understand if you don't want toHer: I just agreed on the date?Me: Yeah, but if you don't want to. I get it. Her: You know, nevermind. laterrrrrr.....Me: Sorry, I totally spaced outMe: still up for the date?, I was just a little anxious all of a sudden.Her: I hope you aren't tomorrow. ;And I still fucked up the actual date.
falafel and laughter?
duh, I was just showing him I sperged outFuck that wasn't even the full conversation it gets worse. I told you I sperged out. I'm posting so other autism robots don't do what I do
tease her GENTLYwhat does these even mean?

It's mostly just a few simple things. Admittedly, there is a large 'make it up us you go along' thing in it, but if you know how to hold a conversation, it's just those few simple tips. A lot of it comes with practice.
Joke around, Got it if we're compatible, if not who knows how I'll acttease her GENTLY. same as aboveMake physical contact, but try not to be creepy about it. This is where I'm fucked. I don't usually touch people at all. So I would be so focused on attempting to touch a grill that it would obviously be creepySmile and make eye contact.Easy, I'm a naturalTell her stories about cool stuff you've done.Rev up those stories of fiction and falsehood because I don't have any.Listen to her, don't focus the conversation on yourselfI prefer it this way anywayI'm a different guy but I appreciate the tips.
Simply put: is it even possible to fake it, let alone make it?how well flirting goes largely depends on attraction, and you can't really fake thatotherwise you have to relax and listen carefully so you can pick up any hint or occasion to drop a hint/joke/whatever. if it feels unnatural and awkward you know you're fucked
You fucked up but she you still got her. For me I fucked up and she chewed me out. ;_;. I bet you fugged
Actual advice on flirting techniquesEqual to 'just b urself'Uwotm8
"make physical contact" is retarded advice anyway, it happens naturally or it doesn't.
As in, playfully making fun of something light hearted. Not like you're fat and nobody likes youbut more like if she does something silly, then make a small joke of that AND DO NOT TAKE IT TOO FAR
ironically insult her, but not in the way OP did, in a way that establishes friendly closeness. showing you're comfortable enough with her to joke around.with teasing specifically, your'e not playing the part of the foolish jester to entertain her, you're somewhere closer to her than that. the jokes serve another social function
Not equal, worse.
smooth as fuckyou both talk like normie aspies
I follow what stand up comedians do and make the joke about the silly thing she just did and then bring it up again later if it feels naturalBut I've only been on a date with one girl so disclaimer
This thread is like watching chimpanzees teach baboons to play the piano.
Difficult bit is in making the contact seem natural. But that comes with practice. There's also nothing wrong with exaggerating a few stories. Also try not to let the conversation flow all one way, that's a straight ticket to the friend zone.You can fake it for a while until you get used to it and become good with practice. The big thing is just believing in yourself.
normie aspiesIsn't that an oxymoron?/thread
there's no magic words to use when flirting. It depends on the girl you're talking to and where you're at. If she's a good friend, then look into her eyes when speaking, find excuses to touch her, and drop a compliment every once and awhile.If you're at a club or somewhere public, then be direct about it. Just tell the girl you're interested right away, then ask for phone # etc. Some girls are simple and some like to play hard-to-get. Remember that this isn't middle school, no one cares if you get rejected.
oh. You are so wrong anon. My story gets even worse! During the actual date I sat there staring at a screen not ever looking at her because I was so fucking nervous. Later she ended the date because 'her friends were coming over'. She walked with me to the subway and she just looked at me at said nothing when we arrived. I didn't know what to do and she said "Do you at least want a hug? So she gives me the most awkward hug ever"That's not even the end of the story.. oh boy. it get's worse.
How the fuck does it get worse?
These are my favorite kind of stories tbh
Do you at least want a hug?oh boy
HOW I WOULD JUST GIVE UP WHEN SHE SAY 'DO NOT TRY THAT ANOYONE'WHERE DO YOU LEARN THAT?
This thread is a cluster fuck. Did the girl say yes or no?
this is why robots shouldn't go on dates or persue girlswe're all not gonna make it bros.
I leave. My phone is fucking exploding from my only two aspie friends they never went on a date. So I explained I fucked up etc and they laugh at me "I knew this would happen, lol". motherfuckers!!I thought: fuck it, let's text her I'm sorry for this shit show and just tell her I'm a social anxious robotard that doesn't know any better. Then we actually had a great conversation about our insecurities and felt pretty good about it. So I went to bed.The next day she text me that her ex came over and he slept there. "We had a fight this morning, I just needed somebody to talk to".why are you telling me this.jpgOh boy. It get's worse.
Thank you mr cheese
you seem to know your way around grillsthe time constraints will force me to tell this girl i'd like to know more about her in a rather direct and blunt way, but within a contexti'll most probably be rejected because of my current weight, im too fat, but i'd still like to try
Judging from the context they were a little close. I doubt people who were a little close would reject people that harshly.
Oh boy. It get's worse.Oh fuck me dude I'm on pins and needlesIf she told me her ex came over after our date AND slept there I'd be raging so hard inside. I would reeeeeee so loud it would post itself on hereI just needed somebody to talk toREEEE How can she think that's something to text youThough it could be a sign that she's into you. But I'd be too busy being a raging social retard to know
just watch anime
keep going mang
From experience I know girls will straight up reject me without fucking around no matter how close we are. That's how I know she was at least somewhat interested.
how good you are at flirting only determines whether or not you'll manage to get meaningless sexif you're not an empty mess, a girl will eventually find you interesting, and if she does she won't consider one poor sentence/text a deal breaker
Well yes they will straight up reject you, but the will probally tell you "I don't see you that way" instead of "OMG that was horrible, confirmed for cringe worhty ima tell all my freinds that you even treid lollolol Faggot!".
pls finish the story brobot
The next day she text me that her ex came over and he slept there. "We had a fight this morning, I just needed somebody to talk to".Why the fuck would she tell you this but to deliberately hurt you?my god women are such horrible manipulative selfish little pieces of shit and completely void of empathy. reading stuff like this just makes me glad i'm not involved with any.

That, or they're dumb and shortsighted.
mfw i can joke around people i knowmfw i can maintain somewhat of a conversationmfw i didn't have the time to learn about this girl and know her moremfw i just don't know how to get her to talk over a drink or a meal or whatever just so i can know more about hermfw i don't really have stories about myself

Because, from my experience, there are women who care. Immensely so. Some to the point that it's almost pathologic.
So I don't event get mad. I tell her if she needs to vent, she can. I don't know what I was thinking. Maybe I thought she still wanted me or something. She thanks me.So later she texts me about something random and we reply back and forth. Because she seems so interested I forget about the ex boyfriend. I thought it was a weak moment or some shit. So I get a little too confident and ask her what kind of guys she likes. The conversation went as follows:Her: I'm kind of picky when it comes to guys. I'm not interested in most.Me: So what guy are you interested in? ;Her: What the fuck?Her: Are you seriously hitting on me just after I told you about my break up?Me: Ok. wrong subject. She calls me on my phone and asks me to come over again. She want's to speak to me in person.I goI'm nervous again. Nearly shitting my pants. But I think I can still score. So I arrive and I stand in front of her house. I send her a text that I'm there. She opens her door, everybody walks the dinosaur!
b-b-but....?
Be based, but be reasonable too.Don't put up with any bullshit, you've done nothing wrong and you're not her doormat. You went out on a DATE and shes upset you asked her what sort of guys she likes? She needs to sort herself out the fruitcake.
It goes further, but I have to be a wage slave.
She opens her door, everybody walks the dinosaur!Nigga don't do this to mePls
I don't care if it's partially of wholly made up I want to hear the rest. Fuck your job.
FUCKING HELLWhat this guy saidIf you have to wait until after you clock in I'll be upset but fine with it
id be willing to share stories if you guys want.i got nothing better to do.
She invites me in. She hugs me for a minute or so and tells me she's sorry. She as had a rough time and doesn't reallyknow what she is doing. She tells me she doesn't want to be with me romantically. I respect that, but I'm alsoreally bummed out by it.So we speak about all kinds of things and it's kind of nice. I stare deep into her eyes and they are gorgeous. I'm notmaking this up. So a particularly emotional subject comes about and she asks me to hold her. Iflip all shits in my head and I don't know how to respond normally. So I stand up from the couch, I stand in front of her. and she replies "Not like that anon". So I sit backdown and she still expects me to hold her in my arms or something. But I don't I'm frozen up and she's abit confused. We talk a little longer and I tell her I need to be going. So we walk to the door no dinosaur this time I promise and shehugs me again. This time a little tighter. feels good manI leave, text with her about how great that hug was.but boy.. can you guess?
R.I.P
, 
What is your favorite anime?Is it shit? Admit it. It's shit, isn't it?
Its Legend of Galactic Heroes and im pretty sure this isnt shit, but yours is shit
is that some strawberry marshmallow?
SOME LIVE SOME DIE
Rainbow nisha rokubou no shichininIts good.
King of the Hill.

yuyushiki is a masterpiece an anime for critical thinking
yes
DBZ and Gurren LagannEat shit weebfags
Jinrui wa suitai shima shita.
I'm not so bad, I don't think? Cook, clean, have a healthy libido and strong desire to suck dick a lot. Not the hottest trap around but sometimes I look okay maybe. And I stay healthy, eating well and exercising. Have a job, go to school.Is something wrong with me? Dunno. Lately I've been so lonely. I have severe social anxiety but force myself to do things anyway. It sucks.
Height? Roastie?Previois sexual partners?
/cuteboys/
5'6"definitely notmaybe 5 or so
trap
roastieOP said it was a trapCan penises be roasties now
 Is something wrong with me trapWhat the fuck do you think
You're just a sex object, not someone people here will take seriously. Trannies are the ultimate pump'n'dumpsters.
Where are you at? I'll take you since I'm newly gay
maybe 5 or sook this is your last chance then, where are you from?
Well there's nothing wrong with being trans. But there might be something else wrong? Honestly have no idea.I'm not just a sex object. Did the one night stand/FWB thing for a while and now I'm ready for a real bf.Newly gay?Think you misunderstand. I want advice for how to get a real boyfriend. Not find someone to e-date like a loser.I just want serious advice, not Skype sex.
Newly gay?Yeah, I've been struggling with my sexuality and I consider myself genderblind. But it feels so much nicer when a boy says 'I love you'. And I get aroused a lot easier somehow.
Hope you find some more internet friends soon, anon. I'm not interested in friend right now.I see the pretty boys out there, and it's time for me to get mine.Well that's cool I guess. Never heard the word genderblind before!
Have you actually tried finding a bf? As in, asked guys out?Women have it easiest in this regard as they are not even remotely expected to take any initiative ever, when it comes to socializing. "Standard" men are expected to take any and all initiative. Now I don't know how it goes with gay couples, but I imagine they both have to take initiative generally speaking.With that in mind, as a trap, try taking that initiative - and of course try to find men who actually might be interested in a trap. 's reference is a good place to find potential bfs. There's a zeemaps over there, and although some may be looking for just sex, quite lot of seem much more interested in an actual relationship.Whatever course of actions you'll take, expect to have to do a fair amount of initiative taking regardless.
I've never asked a guy out before, no. That sounds so scary. How are you even supposed to know if a guy is into you, if you're a trap? What if ask out some asshole homophobe and end up dead or something. Guess I just expected the guy to make the first move?You're probably right, though. If I don't try to make something happen it may never happen. Fuck. Why is life so hard?
post legs
L O N D O NONDON
OP probably feels above /cuteboys/ tho as almost all the people there are virgin crossdressers who want to cuddle 24/7
Nothing wrong with 24/7 cuddles, I always say! But again, not looking for lame internet love. Need a real man to touch and experience.
You want someone who sees you as a woman, and not a man in womens clothing, so a gay bar is probably out of the question, right?
What do normies do?
Is this from a real show?
yeahI just saw the episode too
is this fucking adventure timedid adventure bust out the r9k memes
FUCKING NORMIES GET OUT OF MY BOARD GET OUTGET NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWTHESE MEMES ARE R9K ONLYREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This meme is officially dead now.Good riddance
Do we go back to calling people normalfags now?
To the adventure time producers ITT: fuck you.
aww fuckhas anybody seen my sides?
le normie face
FUCKING NORMENS!!!!!
they had a character in one episode called lieutenant gamergate. theyre pretty on it tbh.
Yes. Normie was always an outsider word anyway, normalfag isn't politically correct enough to say in public where the normalfags roam.
idiot pls go
/co/ is laughing at us:/co/72669244
I don't watch TV.
idiot pls go
/co/ pls go
niceme.me
O well all things come to an end I suppose
idiot pls go
"buttblasted"those people and I cohabit in the same websiteim in absolute pain now

WHY DO THEY INSIST ON DOING THIS
idiot pls goidiot pls go
In Polish, 'rech rech' is also a variant. I think it's closer to the others, which include 'r'.
Roastie detected.
That's a type of fucking ANT you retard.
"Normies" was always Reddit shit/ More than anything, I'm disappointed that AT is using memes at all.It's best to pretend that /co/ and /cgl/ don't exist. They have tremendous user overlap with Tumblr.
my pussy=loose
pls leave
jesus christ, this board sucks so hard, thanks /co/
no u
Why are you such a whore?
Absolute...ANAL pain
Also RE RE KUM KUM
because i let chads pound my oppressed pussy
adventure time discussion on the chonhow did you do it?
This is wrong, it's quak in german
on the chonFucking kill yourself./co/ has AT threads all the time, you glaring newfag.
This isn't /co/.
Roasties... how the FUCK do you compete with THIS?!?!?
Jap girls are for estrogenic femboys.I saw a study showing more high testosterone alpha males prefer northern/western european women and the beta bitch pussyboy manlet faggots prefer azns.Makes sense. You're a pussy and probably short as fuck.Fuck azn women. Fucking gook aliens.
;don't cry little roastie
Ew slant eyes
;don't cry little roastie
All azn girls are roasties. You should know this. Arabs too. Their lips are always chewy and brown
Roastie tears xDTfw based nippon even tho OP gyaru is korean, still better than roastie
Fucked many asians, never met a roastie one
tfw begin internship in corea mfw they all have tootsie rolls for nips and arbys for slitsThe fuck is this man. I thought this was only flips and viets, but it's basically 99% of Asians.
they don't need to compete. asian pop stars don't want most men let alone arkanines. id ask how you compete but you don't even try
ROASTIESOASTIES
Robots ask how women compete with women who would laugh in their fucking faces if they asked them to even go to lunchThis. Compete? They aren't competition. They don't want you and never will. You guys can't compete with regular dudes let alone attractive dudes.
Getting asian chicks are a white male is so easy it's basically like typing noclip 1 and impulse101 into console
I bet you know their eating habits and how many times they poop a day too right?mfw roasties swear they know everything
When did you get yours?
I live in Korea, every week I get a new one
Asian chicks? Yes.Attractive Asian chicks? No.My Asian friends joke amongst themselves about how white men usually get the trashiest and ugliest leftovers.Wouldn't be here if you weren't samefagging/lying.
samefaggingI was being facetious, relax. We both know this is a RP thread.
Attractive asian chicks, yes. I'm sure your asian friends aren't jel as fuck microdicks
, 
Morning lads, what's the plan for today?
might go to the bar today and get some fish and chips
Another wonderful dayI'm going to climb the same tree over and over all morning. It's a super big tree, my dad says it's more than 5 metres tall!Then I'm going to take a peanut butter and jelly sandwich my mom made me, and I'm going down to the quarry to meet my friend Danny. He's super swell. We're going to throw stones in the quarry lake until it gets dark, then we're gonna lay under the stars for hours talking about what we can see, and how our lives are going to be like when we are grown-ups.Then he'll come over to my house in the evening for dinner, because Danny's mom is a drunk.I'm super glad my mom isn't like Danny's mom.
GTFO Americunt
PakisNEETs
Where can i get Hannah pics from?
Ever seen "hannah hotel" thats my favourite
Yeah my fav too although i do like the oil one
Lads serious question should I not contact my oneitis everyday? That shit on the wall says 8 days. If I contact her everyday at morning and night if im the first and last thing she contacts then will she not subconsciously require me for her circadian rhythms?
I don't know what direction I should be heading. I have failed in my education and I don't have a job. How do you build yourself up after reaching rockbottom?
Drugs for a while. Then just keep your eye out for anything that might come up.
Don't you need social skills to buy drugs? I don't know how to broach the subject with people. I don't have many friends who do drugs either.
gonna go out and get a new railcard for london weekend trip, also considering spending money getting a platform/table for my laptop to be on so I can easily cocnnect it to the TV to show stuff on TV easily.
You don't need drugs just a job and find a focus in life
DOMINOSOMINOSTWO FOR TUESDAYBYGOFGYGOF
That's seriously the biggest flaw with the British drug industry. The gap in the market must be huge. They need to branch out more advertise and they should be the ones trying to find US.
Try staples they have a sale on
No she will get pissed at you if you do
exam tomorrowtoo burnt out on revisionfucks sake lads
Why
After 6 months of applying for jobs everywhere, I have an interview at a international bank on thursday, and waiting for the third interview at HP.Things are finally starting to look up.
You will come across as needy
good luck mate!
Congrats mate hope you get it
That shit dries girls out.
for small tables and shit? thanks anon ill have a look there
Some thing like this?
meet oneitis at restauranthave great dinner, conversation is greatgo back to mine and watch space dandy she's watching space dandy atm since I recommended itlean in to kiss herwake uplying in a puddle of cold sweatfeeling like shitI'm 4 into a case of tennents. I'll probably kill myself soon.
tfw no hannah gf
final exam in a few hourshaven't done enough work to justify celebratingThe exam anxiety stops soon and failing anxiety will come in full force
I swear there is viral marketing for Dominos going on in this thread. Someone posts about Dominos every day, enthusiastically going on about how amazing it is. Banging on about the large size dips as if they aren't disgusting. Dominos is shit. Overpriced and shit. Papa Johns, Pizza Hut and the majority of independent pizza places are better value and better taste. It's almost as bad as the "BritNormie" viral advertising campaign for BN biscuits.
Who's that?
ur mum lmfao
Why are Brits on this website so rude?
3DPD
I've woken up a new man.and I feel wonderfulwhat's gwarning lads?
sorry meant to say*next to a new man
sortof but smaller. you know like sofas have a small square seat that comes seperate. something that size but for tables. like a square small coffee table.
if you got money you got social skills
my bad pff--
Who else has a cheeky pint at spoons before and after signing on?
dole at 3 with my man Pete
Write letter to DWPTwo months later "hurr durr why didn't you write to us"Well sir, I did write to you and I have proof of postage"But you could have just sent us an empty envelope."Issues £50 civil penalty for not writing to themYOU FUCKING TIT
tfw had qtbf named Danny/Dan when youngtfw old enough to be serious but young enough to be innocent togethertfw he was gone when autumn came
I just have a couple John Smiths in the park
Signs onPub venue is still unlockedHow?
Lads how do I buy alcohol at an off license? All I have is my passport as well, will I get looks?
passports fine pal and no one gives a shit the only people there are alcos
There's no special code or anything. If you don't know what you want, ask the guy, he'll surely help you out. He spends all day stood there simply taking money for peoples no-doubt pleb choices. I'm sure he'll be mildly thrilled at the chance to use his expertise to help someone out.
Are you guys not approached by dealers all the time?Just carry a skateboard around and wear a hoodie, someone will try to sell you weed within 10 minutes.
What are you on about? I've never had this happen.
haha lmao
Well I've just got back from Sainsbury's and now I'm going to try and find some motivation to study for this week's exams. Weather's pretty shitty today lads, it's got me down
What exam mate?
Mother fucker you might as well already be dead if you're drinking tennents at 10am. Don't do it, sober up and go for a run or something. It will take your mind off it.
Same, I have three exams this week a total of 4 hours. I haven't revised for 3 weeks.
post hannah wembs
I'm going to start eating crab sticks exclusively at work until its noticed and mentioned. Then just start hiding crabsticks fucking everywhere and stinking the place out. I'll deny its me any cunt can buy crabsticks and hide them about. Nobody in the right mind would suspect the most obvious person to do it. Fucking yeah
But crab sticks are fucking disgusting, why would you do that to yourself?
Where's Hannah from?
my mum keeps telling me to get a jobhow do I get a job?
they'll obviously think it's you
who /hidinginthecaratwork/ here?Lunch break has been about 2 hours so far.
What's your job?
For what purpose anon?
Just hand out your CV to places :^
why haavent any of you darwinism rejects killed yourselves yet?
Because I was born just in time for dank meme
Male escort
, 
Itt: tell 2 Truths and 1 Lie about yourself and other anons try and guess which one is the lieHere we goI have a phobia of candyI posted a pic of my boobs on a sfw board, and it didn't get deletedI got 3 of my teachers fired Pic unrelated
Ok here's the answer because I'm fucking tiredI didn't get 3 of my teachers fired.
I have a phobia of candyFukkin lie, who the hell has that?I had an Asian phase, then abandoned itI just bought a new model car with my government neetbuxxboth my parents are currently serving sentences in prison
i'm guessing the third's a lie because i can see you pulling some cheekyno, i only got 2 teachers firebullshit. anywaysbroke into free mason lounge and stole some thingsold friend a gun, knowing exactly what he intended on using it for suicidetried to poison a teacher in highschool with a friend, and he was only one who got caught
tried to poison a teacher in highschool with a friend, and he was only one who got caughtthat's a right propper lie there m8
a girl I knew once wanted to fuck me, called me and asked questions about my dickmy boss tries to flirt with me in the storage closet at work by brushing up against my dickmy closet friend started to turn gay for another guy, said he'd be interested in me if it weren't for my dick
I am a virgin but have sucked a girls titsI have size 14 feet despite being 5'10"My middle name is Luther
I've shot and killed a personHitler is my great-grand uncle I spent a day with Karlie Kloss, not because I won something, but because she thought I'm coolGuess away
I'm scared of hair dryersI once fell off my bike and rolled under an 18 wheeler which passed over me without harmI took a shower today
OK Satan
told everyone my best friends were bullying me because I was boredwas given a 4 hour intervention by my whole building in first year because I wouldn't leave the roomused to sell bb guns to all the kids at school
I tore open my ballbag and held my naked bloody testicle in my handI once got stalked by a girl, I noped the fuck out an cut any contact when i found out she fake reported someone for rapeMy penis is 10 inch
I don't even have trips of devil. Also, what are you trying to say?
 I literally have no friends anymoreRisked my life three times in movie-like situationsI have 1 inch pingas
 i have a phobia of centipedes due to childhood abuse I started a field/forest fire when i was 8 years old by playing with fireworksmy middle name is hans
I'm employed at a normie new sitemy oldest sister molested me till I was 14I have a fuckbuddy
Lies:Asian phaseYou didn't abandon it.Sold a gunYou stole poison from the lounge, you and your friend used it to poison the teacher but he got caught. His life ruined, he wanted to buy your gun off you for suicide. You didn't sell it, wanting to either watch him struggle on with life, or off himself in a more painful way.Trick question: All 3 were lies, you don't have dick.14 feet 5'10Because I'm lazy to convert that so I just assume that's the lie.Hitler.You wish.Shower.Easy.Intervention.People don't care that much about you.Stalker.You just think you cut every contact. Hint: Your window around 2-3 AM.Risking life 3 timesThe other two are just more beliavable.CentipedesThat must have been some really strange abuse.Molested by older sisterTurned consensual after 14, she is now your fuckbuddy.
I have been rejected by every single man I have asked outI have asked out men all equal or a little bit taller than meI have had a real boyfriend in my lifetime.
I'm unemployed
I have asked out men all equal or a little bit taller than meThat's the lie
Nope.
I have had a real boyfriend in my lifetime.My goI have 5 close female friends that I talk to/see on a regular basisI failed college and haven't told my parentsI have a trap fetish
Here's meI have an Alcohol problem and I've been drinking alone and only alone for monthsOne time when both of us were drunk, I got in bed with an ugly landwhale and we had sexI earn more money than my parents combined despite not being employed
I earn more money than my parents combined despite not being employedThis because  I can relate to the other two
Yes! I failed college and haven't told my parents
Cheers.The lie was having drunk sex with the landwhale.She changed her mind before I could put it in. She thought it was her crush at first but then she saw my face.
No! It was  trap fetishMaybe next time dude
I'm a virginI have a 250k inheritanceI'm a convicted criminal
I'm a virginThis
Last one.
well shit that was quickI wish it wasn't true anon, I wish..
My favourite flavour Ben and Jerry's is Cookie DoughI have thought about fucking my catI have never eaten oysters
The first one
The oysters one ?I'm 6' masterraceI used to study English before dropping out of CollegeI can moonwalk
, 
Would women think rape is such a terrible thing if it wasn't called something as harsh sounding as "rape".I think it just sounds bad so people assume it's bad
Yes you're right, it's just forceful love. By the way, my friends Jamal, Tyrese, Tyrone and Thad are going to forcefully love your boypussy. Don't be a bitch and complain, it's not a big deal, after all.
I honestly wouldn't care that much. I wouldn't enjoy it but it wouldn't give me PTSD disorder like most people say it does. I'm above rape.
Rape is a meme.
Totally bro, it's why people associate such brutality with words like "vape", "tape" and "crepe".
anyone could see it has a different ring to it
cos no'one wants to rape them
I honestly wouldn't care that much.How can you know ? There's only one way to be sure.
Many women fantastize about it, even many guys ;3
Yeah, man. I mean... why do they call it murder?. It triggers people, Bro. They should call it something like hugder. I'm gonna hugder you.
hudger sounds worse, creep
WHAT IN KHORNE'S RED EARTH ARE YOUR SPOUTING?! YOU DISGUST ME FRIEND.
What about whack-a-hole? Or hole-bang-bang?
the victim was brutally hole-bang-banged by 3 menNah.
The victim was brutally bunnyboomed by 3 men.
Why are anime posters such faggots.
I'm glad someone else noticed that its not a harsh sounding word.
then the connotations associated with the word 'rape' would just transfer over to whatever the new word is.
Well... Is it really bad to force someone into becoming an object for your lust ? I mean, it's not like they'd be hurt physically and that it'd leave them traumatised for life...Sarcasm
you gonna get bunnyboomedMmmh. Not bad.It can't be helped.
FUCK YEAH KHORNATES IN THE PLACE
not devoting yourself to your love on in the purest form of loveWhiteknight beta, when will they learn?
You're right. It's better call it a "Struggle Snuggle". You couldn't stay mad a struggle snuglist could you?
Why don't women like surprise sex?
be 16in chemistry examkinda needed a shit the day before but the feeling went awayfeel fart comingthought to let it out quietlyturns out to be wet, sloppy shitabout to spray everywherejust before that happens the guy next to me who was diagnosed with some stuff just diesI mean his head just slams against his desk and there is blood coming out of his mouth and nosenever really knew him so didn't care muchimmediately run out of the exam hall pretending to cry cos of his deathrun straight to bathroom and release my shitfeelsgoodman.jpgfeeling good about myself because of my genius planeventually come back into the exam hall with fake tears out of my eyesthinking how smart I amlook and see everyone staring at me in horrordead kid was taken out by thenwonder why they're looking at me like thatsee and realise that when I ran out I left a large trail of poopslowly sit back in seat cos I don't know what else to doget told to clean up once everyone leavesTFW I lose GCSE grade cos of poop
ITT things that never happened
You're fucking bullshitting, even if you did shit yourself in the GCSE, you get a auto A if someone dies in the exam hall during the test.
This is one of the greatest things I've ever read
be 25be on lecturefall asleepsuddenly fart loudlysuddenly taking a shitwake upeveryone looks at mepeople near me gets the smellsay "looks like we need a plumber"tip fedorago away
Do female fedorameisters exist?
yes. they are fat weeaboo girls. I spent 3 or so years dating/fucking them after getting out of a long term relationship and deciding I wanted to live out my high school dream of having a weeb gf. they are just as disgusting and fucked up as fedora'd neckbears, but usually with extreme leftist views that keeps them distanced from their male counterparts.
Please describe leftist views to your politically ignorant audience.
Anything not lockstep with the US Republican Party line. 4chan is disgustingly conservative.
disgustingconservativepick one faggot
Anti gun, pro choice, pro gay marriage, pro trans rights, vehemently anti racist, vehemently feminist, full blown SJWs. they fuck like wild animals though, them chicks are into some freaky shit
mfw that's trueSo uh. Just to confirm: "Have a good day, m'lord" is a glaringly obvious sign of a fedorameister, right?
they any good for fucking? I would assume its easy to get action from them.
Hats with cat eats are the female equivalent of fedoras.
Hats with cat eatsyou mean ears?
They exist, they just support equally autistic ideologies such as fat acceptance and haes.Thisisthinprivilege.tumblr.com is a good source of neckbeard-esque opinions
tfwFrom now on, whenever you see "tfw" I want you to understand what it really means:this frog's whyThis frog's why you can't get a gf. This frog's why you can't get a job. This frog's why you're always miserable and never achieve anything.
makes sense actually. i tip my fedora to you memelord
Oh hey neetcuck, didn't see you there. What's that? You ran out of autismbux already? That's a damn shame, maybe you could call mom and dad? Oh I forgot they passed away, guess you're on your own.Well I'm just here at my office, doing no actual work, shit posting on 4chan and going to the bathroom every 25 minutes to fervently masturbate. At lunch time I'll drink a few beers in my car. You should consider getting a job neetcuck, 36 dollars hour is way better than your paltry 140 dollars a month. Plus I can't wait to go home and have sex with my girlfriend. Have a nice day neetcuck, I hope everything works out!
good try
Oh I forgot they passed awayThey haven't, but I will inherit $2,000,000 when they do.Grandparents haven't even died yet, and I'm getting a decent amount from them too.Hurry up
But muh anime.Muh wage slave threadsMuh 'your taxes' memeWhy aren't you jealous?!
a wagecuck got so mad he made this thread
 neet makes daily thread about topic from his POV probably top three thing he does all dayOMG EPIN BANTS anyone else makes similar thread LOL BUTTBLASTED
All of you Britfags are rich.
allegedly living great neet lifestyle being this jellyliterally can't afford to buy pic relatedkek
Okay class get into groups
I'mma get into group with you, you nasty teacher, I'mma show you how it's done, I'mma fuck yo in yo ass you gon scream my name bitch
*duplicates*
not going to the bathroom for the rest of the class
start writing notes to everyone in sightrealize people have found groups before I can write enough notesWhy fucking bother?
tfw I was a normie at high school
NO, WE NEED CLASS CONSCIOUSNESS.
How'd you end up here?
, 
How many men have you made cum with your mouth?Last night makes a total of 20 men. I love sucking Chad cock.
women are whores. I'm just glad rape still happens
7
1 I'm a guy
What's the story and how was it?
Hey me too. Also a guyIt was myself
not him but Ive made more guys cum than women doliterally everytime "You suck dick better than the stacys i fuck anon"
Don't you think sucking cock is better than licking pussy? I mean licking pussy is gay as fuck dude. I'm straight and I mean like totally no homo but sucking cock is hot.I want to suck cock and I'm a straight male.
being proud of your STD collection
implying you catch stds from oralNice try, Stacey
implying you don't, kek
I am bad at greentexting, I really liked it except for him being cut ewwnever saw him again because I got cucked and am still a virgin 2 years later
Z-zero. Feels bad, man.
i think about 7. there was a period of my life where i got messed up on alcohol and benzos and found guys to suck off online so might not remember some of them.trap btw
this is why nobody will ever love you
Hot.
When I was 10, I sucked another 10 year old's dick and he had a small amount of cum in my mouth and the only thing I can think of is how horrible it tasted.I'm a guy btw
HRT made my hormones go crazy, and I was borderline suicidal so was like why the fuck not?As it turns out, cum is delicious but only from a real man. Eating my own was always gross.sorry if that's tmiIt was! Kinda regret it a lot though tbh...
meant to say HRT made me crazy horny. tired.
you will never have a cute, slutty trap deepthroat and milk you for hours and force him to swallow your thick, potent cumwhy liveI'm so tired and bored of girl mouths

LOL Thats what I thought. Now I have herpes.Fucking cunt, i hope she dies.
mm for hours. and yes thick, potent cum. now i'm crazy horny again, thanks anon :idk what it is about sucking dick that is so hot. it's my favorite sex act.
Actually you do. Even oral herpes hsv1 can infect the genitals.he thought he was safe getting raw bjs from whores Disgusting slut.
One. My first and only boyfriend.
morning anon, you made my day
Good girlYou'd make for a perfect fucktoy 3
trap here c-can we make this a threeway?
no, not a fucktoy lol. sucking dick around town and having fwb was fun but i need a real relationship! with the actual sleeping together and making a life for ourselves and stuff.that's a possibility... right? :i'm not just a fucktoy
I wish I could have that with a trap, but traps who want that are both very rare and oftentimes mentally ill as well
who /fat/ heretfw penis almost completely recedes into my fat pubic moundtfw stretch marks on my bellytfw developing sleep apneatfw man tits pinch the skin they rest ontfw almost impossible to buy clothes that fitwe'll start tomorrow.. r-right bros?
tbh I've just given up on losing it.I'm numb to the insults [mostly]but I'm a grill
a/s/l/would you a fat
I've already started exercising. Sadly I have a serious chest infection, so I can't go to the gym right now, but on the bright side, the dietary restrictions I was under before starting put me about 400 calories below what I need to eat for basic sustenance, so my diet is actually pretty fucking tasty and filling.
T E X A SEXAS
Just start tomorrowWake up, splash water on your face and do something.FAGGOT
Went from 122kg to 98kg gave me a bit of confidence and got a gfshe dumped mewent back to 102kglost all motivation to lose the rest and not look ridiculous for my height 183cm i think im gonna just stay fat
Being fat is cool. You don't have to live the POW regimented lifestyle and diet AND there are women who are into chub.
wow,are you me?183cmwent from 126kg to 97kgbut no gf
I'm just a bit taller than you and the same original weight. I felt the same way, but after a long while I got sparring with people and a girl complimented my facial structure, so now I want to get to 80kg again so I can start training again and look better.
heartbreak is good for losing weighti went from 100 to 80 in 6 monthssame height
Keto is love, KETO IS LIFE
350lbsuglyif I lose weight I might gain an inch on my dick bringing me to 7.5"literally the only thing I look forward to
Meme diet
I started my diet last week. Not giving in to fat acceptance.
sweat soresfungal infectionsnever feel comfortableplease let me be a skeleton again ;_;
nek minit
Eh?
In progress guy here. Went from 125kg to 86kg in about a year. Start counting calories. Google whatever you put in your mouth and write down the calories. Do not go over your daily limit. Use this site to check the base amount of calories you spend by existing :start eating less than it. If you're a dude, go for 2K cals a day. Introduce walking into your travel times, if you go to work/school, get the train/bus there, but walk on the way back may not apply for people with retarded commute times.If you're a neet, walk to the shops every day for your daily food. Make sure it's about an hour for a round trip. Set up a reward schedule. you need disposeable income for this. Figure out something you want, but don't need or do regularly already, and tie it to a time goal. I bought musical instruments after 1 month, 3 months and 6 months, then started buying weekly packs of LCG cards. I did not give up my draft if I failed, I just spent some income on an additional thing that would be enjoyable. Keep track of the length of your combo. Know how many days you've spent "sober"
In progress guy here. Went from 125kg to 86kg in about a year.Did that too except to 70kg, still had gyno, didn't have money for surgery, gained it all back and went full depresssion/suicidal mode. Go me.
tfw almost impossible to buy clothes that fitfucking this, I'm also a manlet so all the pants that fit me are miles too longtfw having to get all your pants altered in the hems
the roast is strong
tfw if you are fat and want to get to normal size you basically have to stop eating and exercise 4 hours a day to make a dentmfw thin/jacked normies are all "just do this" when they've never been a fat shit
kekDid pretty much the exact same thing if you just remove 10kg from both values gained it back too to almost the original weight. Still had gyno. Then again I'm a manlet at 5'9 so it doesn't matter. Currently at 85kg and trying to lose it all again.
buying slim jeansthey don't fit perfectly
tfw always uncomfortabletfw sweaty too oftentfw tired after stairstfw no clothes that fit properly/lack of your sizetfw no clothes will ever look good on you ever tfw constantly hungrytfw everyone looks down on you
2K cals a dayyou're only meant to have 1800 to begin with, or that might be kj
I started when I went to university, the amount of attention I get now and how girls act towards me has changed a lot.Mfw girls from school who never payed me the time of day are saying I look much slimmer/ hotter
tfw at stage where don't even care about health or getting muscles, just want to be thin
tfw lost 30 poundslost the willpower to eat healthy & workoutstill overweight but no longer obeseshitload of loose skin I may as well give up  on life
Eating 2000kcal a day is pretty good for weight loss if you're a fatass, assuming you exercise regularly.around with that.
At 283lbs I could eat 2.5k calories a day and lose 1.5 - 2kg a week for awhile, it depends how big/ fat / active you are
assuming you exercise regularlythis assumption is not correct kektry to exerciseget exhausted after light workout
You could try walking or swimming. Walking is something you should be able to do consistently for 30 to 60 minutes, assuming you're not a tremendous tub of lard. Swimming is easy on joints and people don't even see you sweating because you're in water all the time. Fat people also float pretty gud, so there's that.
used to be fatlost a lot of weightdidn't get fat for 7 yearsnow starting to get a bit fat again as I gradually care less and less about being attractive
How the fuck is it even possible to be fat? Like nigga just eat less
I don't actually eat that much, I am just an alcoholic.
For any anons who are serious about losing weight:
achieve ketosisremove one layer of garment/bed sheet at a timewalk around twice a daythis is just what it takes
Would any qt anons like to stroke their cocks with me before bed? I haven't shot a load in a few days and I'm getting anxious to relieve myself.
Come on now, there must be some stiff, horny anon pricks out there that would like to relieve themselves with mine!
But I jacked off 3 times already before bed.
It's okay anon, I already blew my load. Just needed to relax.
I want to cream her cunt.
tfw OP probably already came and won't help anymore
tfw going to sleep
Fucking hell I keep missing these threads. I just want to masturbate with a lewd anon. Would anyone like to fap with me?
I would
Are you a girl?
Excellent. I'm getting hard already.No.
I'm already hard.
God, I've already spurted cum 4 times today, but I can't resist lewd anons. How does your penis feel? Are you pumping it? Stroking it? Teasing it? Tell me all about your cock anon.
Fucking degenerates.
tfw OP didn't cum in a glass and give it to you so you could use his cum as lube for your own fap session
I'm kind of batting it back and forth, I want to start stroking...but I fap so rarely that my penis is really sensitive and I'm bound to cum very quickly if I do that.
You have no idea how cute that is. I want to tease your penis until you lose control and start shooting thick ropes all over yourself. I'd actually really enjoy it if you started stroking your sensitive, adorable penis right now. I want you to lose yourself in the pleasure.
Get a room fags.
I'd actually really enjoy it if you started stroking your sensitive, adorable penis right now.I don't want to cum too quickly, though! But the positive of not fapping so much is that when I do, the pleasure is so much more intense.Good idea. Do you have Steam or something?

Aww, well whatever would make you feel better anon. I just think dicks are at their sexiest when ejaculating.Sorry, no Steam.
i have steam but i'd just end up bullying you for touching yourself on r9k
Can anyone tell me why I can't ever resist these threads? I can't masturbate right now, but I always "torment" myself by being on here, getting horny without being able to touch.
Aww, well whatever would make you feel better anon. I just think dicks are at their sexiest when ejaculating.Climax feels good, but I prefer the buildup to it. It's no fun if you do it right away!Even better
Reporting in to be jacking off as well
Does steam make you more gay? I do it with my steam friend a lot now.
Because you're a lewd degenerate like me anon. You should embrace it and masturbate with us.I understand. I hope you end up cumming really hard!You're a very good anon.
Oh, I have no doubt I'm a lewd degenerate. I just can't masturbate right now. Instead I opt to read these threads, get horny, teased and frustrated instead.
Too bad you can't fap, I'd love to give you a handIt just makes you two ungodly perverts masturbating together
Why can't you masturbate?
That would've been great!I'm not allowed to.
, 
how can you kiss a woman when she licked another man's ass
you don'tyou can let her give you a rimjob but that's all
what does butthole taste like?
is using tbh and not using punctuation marks the hottest new meme
yes tbh
like shit i presume
Implying our loving mothers never rimmed ass, never sucked dick, never swallowed potential brothers and sisters.
with your mouth retard.
I once had a hooker lick my ass. Totally pointless experience.
your a closet homosexual my friend
I've rimmed my very hygienic bf and it had no taste at all.
get inside the ass and poke out my tongue
I didn't specifically ask for it, it came with her "deluxe service". I was willing to give it a go, but it didn't do anything for me.
Oh come on, you've probably done stuff much worse with your exes and your currrent girl doesn't care about any of it, does she? So stop being a hypocrite and start enjoying life.
exescurrent girlGtfo normie
enjoying lifebeing a robotchoose one normie
So you're not interested in girls? Why then would you care what some girl that you've got nothing to do with has or hasn't done in the past?
spic here, this is exactly what I want a girl to do to my ass. specifically a white girl. you guys should stop by my thread.
How can a man be happy without love?
Become monk
He just needs to remind himself that love is a fairy tale.
He can stop being a whiny faggot.
Be born with a brain wired for happiness.
a man unhappy without it, can't receive it.
/threadWhy is it so hard for people to understand that production of happiness is a brain variable like any other?
I can be. I only want sex.
Love only last 2 months. After that is mostly shit that you have to get used to get sex.
Because woman do not define happiness in a man. In fact when you marry, lots of troubles start. I hope I never become pussy whipped. I plan to live like an "Adam" man for the rest of my life.Adam man: A phrase modeled after how Adam in the biblical creation of genesis lived before Eve, the woman was created. He found happiness out of the external world by seeking out and exploring pleasures.So basically, making lots of money and enjoying the single life. No worries from woman, no feeling bad when a leech woman takes my money. This way to I hurt women if I stay true to this plan because that's one less woman in her 30s who will find a beta provider after years of cock mongeling.
, 
, 
why is this such a hostile and shitty place during the day?
during the dayDepends on where you live, m8.
aussies.
What does it feel like to have a classy girlfriend?
It feels good man, plain and simple.
It's hard work but not in a bad way. You literally become a better person. She treats you well and you can come out of your shell and holy shit you can just b urself. Top tier relationship but nearly impossible to attain
, 
turn girl onits a nasty roastie episode
Good morning wagecuck. Time to rise and shine, and get ready for another hard day at work!
SHUT THE FUCK UPI SHOULDN'T BE FUCKING MOCKED FOR BEING A GOOD PERSONI AM MAKING A SACRIFICE, I'M DOING THE RIGHT THING
They mostly come at night. Mostly
I actually put my two week notice in, part of what prompted me to do so was reading a bunch of wagecuck threads yesterday. I'm still going to find another job, but for damn sure it won't be a minimum wage job, and it damn won't be retail. wagecuckoldry is bad enough, but being a retailcuck is the absolute lowest of the low. nothing is more soul crushing. I won't accept less than 15/hr. Well, applied on cruise ships, so if i could get one of those I would accept less, factoring in free room and board.
Posts this every morning like it's his job but he does itfor free.Have fun moderating /sp/, OP.
night in the us. morning in the uk. britfags are nothing but shitposters.
JOKES ON YOU, ITS AN INTERNSHIP, IM NOT EVEN GETTING PAID!HAHAHAHHAHA helpme
I AM MAKING A SACRIFICE, I'M DOING THE RIGHT THINGOf course you are, someone has to do it anon.
Good for you. You leave one wagecuck job for another, only to have more taxes taken out to support me. I'm so proud of you.
will the Communist revolution be lead by webcucks?
Well at least I'll be getting more money for myself for less work. I've tried applying at call centers. Hopefully I won't have to deal with too many irate fat black women.
ITT: Pathetic, bored and lonely NEETs pretending to be miserable wageslaves so they can feel better about not doing anything with their livesEnjoying that Tuesday morning? You better be, since you and I both know this is all you have to look forward to for the rest of your life.
call centerThose are even worse than yoyr previous job. Don't accept.
Im working at walgreens in hollywood so all of my customers are either meth addicted bums or wannabe famous rappers who have 20000 views on youtube so they think they're too famous and cool to take off their sunglasses or respond to your questions.
work in a bankget paid 50% more than minimum wagework two days a weekmost of the time the bank is empty and I'm just on my phoneI'm getting paid to post on this siteearn nearly triple what I would on government benefitsget lots of pussy because women think i am a big-shot bank man, when in reality i just work behind the counter, putting money in my tillget free dental care, life insurance, pension, and health insuranceget quarterly bonuses for simply doing my jobYou are all faggots unless you live like me. NEETs are worthless faggots who get no pussy or money. Full-time workers are faggots who get no time or pussy.I'm living the dream.
Tuesday morningRaids resetInstances resetConquest point cap resetsImplying Tuesdays aren't mini-Christmas for WoWfags and NEETs alike
I'm at work right now. Alone in the middle of the night.Getting paid way too much to sit here and shitpost on 4chan for 5 hours straight.
work as a disability worker only work 3 days a weekliterally they do everything for themselfs just make sure they don't die in their sleep mostly bitches think "I'm sensitive and caring" when I tell them what I do lolI'm getting paid right now to type this up don't even pay for food, just eat w/e is in there house most days I bring my laptop to work and play that shit for 8 hours a daytfw after all this I can live alone in my own houseGet on my level nigga nigga.
I dunno why my phone entered nigga twice.
what qualifications do you need to be a retard carer?sounds like a sweet gig
Lol u mean a tard guard? It is man just be prepared to see some shit, where I all u pretty much need is clean criminal history, and a car. You can get qualifications for this stuff online to help you Get a job quicker. but it's pretty basic, you won't see any phd grads applying for this job lol.
Fuck I hate this new word prediction shit, it fucks up my sentences.
2015still playing garrison manager
Doing the Garrijew outside of when you first log inI'm not gonna shill an ancient game for a shit tier corporation, but playing even trash with friends is fun
Manage to get chubby fwbFucking regularly is pretty niceSeeing my depressing behavior and constant fatigue rub off on her, not so niceSome guilt because I don't consider her that hot, because well, she isn't, she's fatMoral of the story? Most robots have their priorities wrong, girls aren't some sort of miracle cure for the messed up thing you've become. Start with becoming a physically active, creative, happy kissless virgin. That way you can find a girl who you're actually really attracted to, and you'll excite her, not depress her.Pic unrelated
how about convincing her to get fit together?
People need to stop saying chubby when what they really mean i fat and ugly.
What do you do with the female when you are not having intercourse I must know
Trying to nerdify her, mostly Hearthstone so far. That being said, a LOT of intercourse is had, probably to cover up the lack of common interests. She usually shows up in the afternoon and leaves sometime around lunchtime the day after. Happens anything from 7 to 10 times during that period.
I fucking hate faggots who give advice like this" u dun need grillz anon, jus b urself to b happy"He says without a hint of irony whilst continuing to have sex with this girl that's so "undesirable and negatively impacting" him.Take your own advice and stop fucking her then, asshole.Of course, you won't. Because you're full of shit and trying to sound insightful on an anonymous anime imageboardYes im fucking mad
She's not negatively impacting her, it's the other way around, and I feel bad about it. Even if she's no model it still makes me really happy to get my dick wet and fall asleep cuddling. Doesn't change the fact that I'm depressed and pathetic the rest of the week, and I see how that affects her and it sucks.
fwbgetting a gf isnt the answerdoesnt even have a gffwb is like a constant hooker supply, it has nothing to do with a relationship you retard
Describe your lifebe 27had a long distance relationship, broke up 2 years agoever since at home, before that toonot even any real friends, just some folks I see now and thennow working shit freelance jobs to at least do somethingstill at parents hometry to talk to women online, but fail consistentlynot really interested in most of them to begin with, I get bored easily by their shitmy life has become a shitty routine of waking up, internet, bookslack of social contacts has made my life immobile, but hate most people
, 
What the fuck, how the hell does this worthless decrepid freak get a wife? He should have just fucking died or killed himself. Why the fuck does he get a wife? What a piece of shit.
Reverse catfish.
he must have been dating her for a while before and she didn't have the heart to break up with him after the disfigurement.
implying they're not divorced now
I believe they are since long divorced again?
They divorced and he killed himself
her smile and optimism:gone
The sad part is this is exactly what happened.
Say if robots get a qt 3.14 gf whom they love, would they dump her if something like this was to happen to her? Be honest.
They divorced, because she couldn't live with a face like that. The dude supposedly died of acute alcoholism and drug use.
No because if a woman actually did love me I wouldn't dump her for anything.Except cheating, getting fat or being a whore.
What's odd is when you look at his medals on the bottom right you see an iron cross and on the bottom left you see a hammer and sickle. What the hell.
Yes because i'm a monster, i'd make sure she'd not kill herself too and occasionally help her out, if she loved me she'd let me move on and understand why, i'd expect the same to happen to me
Probably not
Don't know. I wouldn't be surprised if I did dump them over it.
Hey shitlord! The reason for the divorce, according to them, was the haste with which they were married, and ill-considered decision to marry!
They were engaged before war were declared.He slipped over on ice.
I wouldn't dump her if she was disfigured but I'd dump her if she got fatYou really expect me to believe that answer? Kill yourself.
Read the story you idiot. He's an unlucky Chad who got burned for General Schlomoberg and he killed himself.The girl wasn't supposed to marry Darth Vader, but he came back like that.
Absolutely. Sorry but its the truth. I don't want to be in a relationship with a woman who's face looks like its out of a horror movie.

Fucking Chad got what he deserved. Way to throw your life away fighting for Jewish corporate profits.
At least her freedums to fuck niggers are safe from afghan villagers.
The story of that guy is pretty sad. I'm surprised he didn't blow his brains out after getting divorced.
probably yesim not a robot though
ad hominembelieving that excuseTry again
guy
Tyler
I would kill her. It would break my heart to break the heart of the girl I truly loved, but I just couldn't handle that face, I just could not do it. So I would end both of our suffering. This is all why I don't deserve to have a gf and will die alone.
landwhale detected
Fembot with tetraphilia fetish here. Even if a guy was once normal and become disfigured due to war, car or workplace accident, I will still love him for his personality and I don't care if he's monstrous in appearance. Sorry if I sounded creepy on the first sentence, but it's true...
tfw no belly gf
Disgusting
Horrific
Is that Chris-chan last phase?
I'm currently fucking a chick that isn't as fat but has a similar body. Can't say I'm thrilled whenever she comes by. But at the same time I'm stuck in my own pit of despair. Not sure what I'm gonna do with my life. Have been thinking about suicide.
How she have a body like that and not be fat?Evidence pls
tfw delicious double belly gf
tfw losing weight to reenter chubby modeIt's a good feel. Fat mode isn't as fun.
Its always interesting how varied bellies are. I dont think ive ever seen two fat chicks who carried weight the same.
miss me yet, little roaches?I know you're dying to know what I have in store waiting for you. I know you cant wait to spend your day thinking about me, and I will get satisfaction knowing I got through your weak minds.
people are a game to me maymayYou know what else is a game, anon? Your sex life. You're stuck in World -1,-1
same tbhalso, check em
S A M ETBH
You do know that's not how World numbering works, right?
So what I'm I thinking today, OP?
I anticipated this post, I didn't make a similar thread because I knew you'd be around sooner or later for my little game.
what is this? what are we playing?
I don't think I'm a sociopath but I've created an maintained a huge web of lies about myself at university for the last two years and managed to keep everything contained. Despite knowing it's bad and could end up being very embarrassing it's gone well. mfw the two times I've been close to having the truth come out
Can we have an honest discussion on social awkwardness? Why exactly does it happen? What is it that makes some people awkward and uncomfortable while others are completely fine? What can be done to fix it or reverse it back to normal?
More questionsWhy does it make people uncomfortable when they're around people who cannot communicate fluently? And why are they only uncomfortable around socially awkward people but not people with clear, well-established communication disorders?
you need to know what other people want from you to socialise in a way that benefits both parties and if you're not sure about what that is then you shouldn't try to socialise with them in any way other than introducing yourself or trying to find out about them
Communication isn't that literal. We don't communicate purely because we need information. There's an art to it, you can't explicitly understand it you just have to let your subconscious learn it, and that art allows you to react properly to social situations.
I have a question. Why does this gril still like me even after seeing how extremely socially awkward I am?
Because she doesn't like you and she probably never did.
social awkwardness doesnt existwhat exist is guys being pussieslike i was, i was deathly afraid of showing up at uni, stressing about having to work not the work itself, but meeting new pplit all went away when i actually noticed thata, you cannot die there, the worst thing what can happen is someone judges youb, who cares, you will connect with ppl anyway if you tryso instead of circlejerking about made up mental problems, talk to fucking pplthey wont bite your head off
Because you are getting frequently laughed on, you are the point of jokes, especially about your SUCCESS WITH GURLS. So there is a logical consequence for avoiding a stress.
women aren't typically rational laser pointers examining flaws like you, anon.maybe I sound like an asshole but she sees more good in you than you do, so that's good. that's the best that can happen.... wow. that or she is just attached, do you even know how souls find each other in the world? it's not math you fucking aspie, it's beholden to laws above your small kendon't let your hatred get in the way of love
been looking for this pic, thanks anon
there will be women posting itt
Confidence doesn't fix social awkwardness. I know plenty of people who are both highly confident in social situations but still socially awkward. At best it helps make it less noticeable and uncomfortable, but it's still there with or without confidence.
That doesn't make any sense. Are you saying that people become socially awkward as a coping mechanism?
Would say that it could be, can be wrong, most likely, it's one of the reasons. For me, it is a main reason, I do want to avoid an interaction with people and change it with escapism by watching movies/playing vidya/etc.
Because you're ugly.
It's pretty much all about how you look. Do you think Chad is ever perceived as awkward?
What makes social awkwardness is 100% dependant on the people you're around. Their immediate agenda is to find and point out your flaws, wether strictly in their own heads and shared via eye contact amongst eachother as an social "in-crowd" que or aloud in order to belittle you, it makes no difference, is because how they perceive you as a person who is lesser than. Nothing you ever do will change that because they are terrible human beings. They view those with literal speech impediments as unfortunate strictly to avoid any negative karma towards their own selves which is purely selfish at its root. My suggestion is to make a game out of it for yourself to see theirulterior motives vome to light. Pull the strings lightly. Don't seek their reaction but be aware of it. Watch them dance. We call them cockroaches.
What's there to talk about? What's ever there to talk about?
No one listens to me = i dont talk, this is just a trait I've learnt from childhood. No talking/only one person talking = awkward tension.
Why exactly does it happen?Usually because of how you were treated during your childhood.Sure, some people might be "naturally" shy or anxious, but the majority of people with social anxiety have it because they got shit on every time they tried to be social.
, 
Fuck Marry Killgive reasons, be creative
Kill the middle one, obviously, fuck the left one, marry the right oneReason should be plainly obvioiz
Fuck right off back to /b/ asshole.
right fuck because she's cute and may even whimpermiddle girl marry due to bushido code of house cleanliness and ingrained Japanese misogyny would lead to easy living on my part kill left b/c not asian enough,though I would not like to kill anyone
Propose to them all and start my ecchi harem romance slice of life loli manga life on the coast of a phillippine island
kek kekmake me
Kill self.
kill left, i hate too skinnyfuck because i have to live my "fucking an underage-looking gril" fantasy legally at least oncemarry middle. wife material
*fuck right
so when are you going to do it?
Who /cyberbully/ here?
/bully/?
this is awesome

No! Don't bully!!
bully disgusting roasties
/bully/?
the most bullying i do is shitposting on chaturbate
What if you got bullied for having a small dick? Bullying is wrong.No. I said no bully. This is a bully free zone.
have you gotten any sluts to cry?What if you got bullied for having a small dickRoasties are like the women that are the most likely to do that.
open a threadanime postersclose the thread
Roasties are like the women that are the most likely to do that.Since when does two wrongs make a right? Bullying is never the answer.
What if you got bullied for having a small dick?
Bullying is never the answer.It is when roasties are involved
THE ROAST IS STONG
FIne what if you got bullied for being short? Or a virgin? Bullying doesn't solve anything.I hate when people that get bullied become bullies themselves. Bullying only hurts people. It's not a very nice thing to do.
women have been insulting and bullying men based on their appearance and dick size for yearsroasties enter public conciousnesswomen getting BTFO at every cornerHows it feel you roastie cunts?
Cunthurt roastie detected.
Actually, I have a dick. I just hate bullying. It destroys lives.
Th-thanks, Sky...I am over the age of 18.
What's it like living in a literally dystopian police state?Also have fun with all those Muslims.
Good think I actually take control of the account to turn it off.The pricks tried to ban me from 4chan.
Why not just switch it off?Also.not BT
here you go lad
How long before they start doing it at the IP level though.
Why is she so perfect bros?
you can physically see the british in hereit's offputting
literally who
She looks like a meth addict
coalburnerperfect
nah u are gay
who is she and what does she do? i would google her but i doubt it would be worth the effort.
who is shecarawhat does she doexist on r9k and int pretty much
She looks like a homeless Swedish man
Lesbo
She's all right.
Ashley is better, thought.
when will she finally do porn
Where do you people get this dumb toughts from?
not wanting ashley to get fucked on camera so we can beat off to it
So many wrongs with this postSexualising AshleyWanting Ashley to be fucked by another manThat's cuckolding 101
Walking the streets of my city and all of a sudden I look up and there's a massive goddamn billboard of based cara
His palms are spaghetti, knees weakArms spaghettiThere is vomit on his sweater spaghetti, mom's spaghettiHe's nervous but on the surface he looks calm spaghettito drop bombsBut he keeps on spaghetti
I dropped the lasagna from my pockets.
I went into a crying hysteria when I read this....twice.
boyfriend is having his female friend overshe and boyfriend go hang out in sun room while I'm making some dinner and doing house choreswhile curry is simmering, go check up on themhear sex noises from sun roomboyfriend and his friend are watching porn on her phonetell them to stopshe turns off the videolook at paused video on the phoneit's a video of her fucking some guyshe says she just wanted my boyfriend's advice on making a good sex tape tell her I don't appreciate her showing my boyfriend a sextape of her they just laugh it off and give me a half-assed apology
Kill her.
Disgusting.Cut all ties with both of them.
 cuckqueaningThe best ointment for my bitter, broken heart.
More proof girls even your pure wittle fembots would rather put with this bullshit to share a Chad than date any of you.
Daily reminder
Someone got triggered, kek
Nope you're not gonna derail the thread
FEMCUCKED...
LustKiss SuicideSounds about right
Why aren't you banned?Why aren't all tripfags banned?
people that try to derail threads are disgusting
Did someone say tripfags?!
secret, malice, dreadwhat do i win?
thesefleshmenWhat does it mean? Hmmmmm...
Mount him and fuck him in friend of her pun intended. Show them you're alpha.Also you better be a gayfaggot, or GTFO
lustmencumCan I still be your gf robots?
RageMadLustyeah okay sure
It's time.
coming to bitch to r9k about your chad problems and pretend to be a sweet homely girlfuck off stacy
okay i want to know
crushfoolsuicidescumalrighty then, time to give up on her and kms
Naked MadeScum.......what the frick.......
Enjoy getting cucked by your Chad boyfriend,OP.
Can I have the honour of kissing your feet please?
Gawd, thats true.
Bane?
 rolled Plastic Man powersAwesome.
secretmaniackissyeah that sounds about rightfml
You don't want to, trust me.
I demand it. You're now my pure waifu who wants all the dicks.
YOU'VE JUST BEEN CUCKED BY STACY THUNDERCUNTEnjoy licking her creampie later tonight. :3
i hope to see more of this type of thread in my r9k.Thank you
SecretMenCumpretty fucking accurate actually
get fucked
passionenigmasuicide
her bf's too busy fucking his friend
nakedmaniacfooluhm
suicidescumsecrettru
that's a cute loliwhat anime is it from?
Karen is 17 years old. She is not a loli.
RageFuryPassionWITNESS ME
what anime is she from?
Why are you even on r9k? Go to /soc/, not here. Women cannot be fembots, get out. Do not reply thread.
BailDreadDeedNot quite sure what to make of this.
I don't know if I should tell you.... You seem suspicious
slambailnakedwut
leave man arm WTF is that suppose to mean?
Well anymore incidents OP?
I figured it out anywaysthey're not my type though, too old. I'll just put on Yuru Yuri if I need a good cum
roll
Crush, Murder, Cum...Rage for bonus
asking to be spoonfedtumblr file namekill yourself
so I google image search reaction images that just happen to be from tumblr
C U C KUCK
Rolling for 5. Cute girl life
ToDoAm
You're way too jealous, give your boyfriend some freedom
Now THIS is equality!
RAGE MAN DEEDget on my level
you think far too highly of us
kek
dreadnakedpeeWill do.
I can't believe I'm doing this
rolland op your boy friend is a dick if he laughed it off and gave a half assed apology how do you treat him
Leave.Suicide.Scum.It knows
Now you know how it feels. ¡Jajajajajajaja!
roll
leave peep secret re roll
88
re roll
one more roll
Gib qt
Can you just stop with the trip please
 cum suicides cum Suicide scumOh... :
RollPeep, Deed and Banter
if 2 best friends are really that close, then there is nothing wrong with them sharing everything as long as they aren't fucking or kissing.
SEXYKERMIT

deed feel sexed
hello fello deed
No!!!!!???????? STOP THIS
Good lord I'm not reading all of those. Hoping for something good
SEXYEXYKERMITERMIT
no.....
Are you sure? I mean everyone seemed to be calling you it last night when you were posting vocaroos.
MadeDreadsMemecan't be assed to fire up paint tbh
CRUSHFOOLRAGEFuck.
bailsuicidepassion
roll
Disgusting.
No it was just one personForced memes are bad and very reddit tier
LEAVEMANIACMADESUICIDEwell then
Non Scum Naked?
leave norm scum
lustfoolfleshWell gee.
ResentFoolLeaveI`m confused
secret pog maliceI THOUGHT THE 90'S WERE OVER
thing that never happened
You know what to do.
ManMadeSuicideWell uhh alright
Secret kiss fool
RageManiacchat
manragenone
This, really. They would rather be in Chad's harem.
LustFoolLeaveWhy am I laughing
PassionAlso, hope some anon does this kind of thing again, but with the one that says bitch, faggot, etc.
cutmanfoolmaybe i should get cut then
suicidescumdreadWew lad
CutMaliceYarm
he said 3 words, not 4
secret suicide scum
lustmaniacpassion
Rollin
foolnakedmalice
go
NonePeepPassHmmmmm
You're getting cucked. Poison the fuckers. And slit their throats when they're gasping for air. We are perfect you see, and we will get better.
crashfooldespair
Hello Neetcuck, I understand why you hate the wageslaves. Anyone with the ability to actually go outside and be high-functioning socially at a full time job must have it easy comparatively when it comes to their mental health. I know you are depressed and very anxious. You might not have many friends if at any. You'd probably give an arm and a leg for a girlfriend, or even just one true friend. You've become bitter over the years because of the way people treated you, the way the world treated you, and it makes perfect sense. You didn't deserve any of it. I hope you are comfortable and as close to happy as you can be. Have a great day. -wageslave with empathy
this fucking showWhy haven't you watched Mr. Robot yet brobots?
i thought that was meskype: rubbersoul.pvp
being this much of a shillwhy havent you joined JIDF brother? this was almost as bad...err I mean as good as watch dogs, good goy enjoy your programming.
leave reddit
seeing threads about this on like every boardstop the obvious shilling brah
Sorry guys I forgot you can't talk about new things you like when they get released. I'll come back when your autism calms down.
...No, it's better that Dexter. Why? NOBODY CRIES! It's true. A bloody miracle. I watched the whole of the pilot episode and not one person burst into tears.Now, this is an American TV program, so this obviously won't continue. I expect the floodgates to open maybe next week or by episode three. The Yanks can't help it. It's not proper TV unless some sappy idiot is crying.I suppose it's a ploy to get the women interested in Sci-Fi. It won't work of course, but TV executives have the intelligence of a biscuit so they'll keep trying to push Sci-Fi onto women even though they absolutely hate it, don't understand it and just don't want it in the same room as they are in!Keg
What's good about this show, what's bad about it; why should I watch it or why should I avoid it?
Wheres the dick?
i did. its ok, but theres only 1 episode
DexterI literally remember watching 5 minutes and I hear"Now son I understand u need to kill ppl so just make sure u only kill the bad ones and ill show u how"Safe to say I turned it off and never watched it again
Humping the tail? I don't know. Could even be a female on top.
Mr. RobotIt's not out yet?
I need an idea for a game to develop, goddamn my creativity is like the one of a cypress
90s graphics FPS about a guy saving his qt gf from the emperor of the universe, against impossible odds. use lots of ancient near-eastern mythology so I know its good
Ancient Mesopotamian SimCity
A game like DOOM but medieval Hexen/Heretic don't count. They're more magic and fantasy than proper medieval
Advanced Wars, but in space
World war 2 steampunk style saga where you control a black female vampire who pilots and lives in a zepplin made from the souls of racists.
Bloodrayne already exists
Implying I am not already well versed in the Bloodrayne canon.
I am on the same train. I am somewhat good at making 3d game assets and models but I know next to nothing about programming/scripting. All ideas I have for a game fail because I don't have the ability to code.
experienced coder and game developer here with horrible 3d modeling and asset-creation skills. i use unity for 3d dev, and just plain ruby or java for 2d projects.wanna join up?
email/skype?
That picture
who /smoothies/ here
I used to get coffee with lunch, but for the last few months ive just been getting smoothies with lunch. Me me, i'm a smoothie boy
A goal: find gf this summerWho is with me?
I'm still doing the Amagami Challenge Just look for a gf to spend Christmas with.
still caring about women
Pass.Not worth the time/effort/emotional investment.
New goal: kill myself this summer
get foreskin behind head who knows what ill find down there
my goal is to get over self inflicted mental problems and acquire weed of at least acceptable quality
My dream is to be a chad... in the process of losing weight, already down 15lbs. Am I aiming for the stars or is it realistic? Give it to me raw 6'2"7.2x5.6"20yo
NAH STAY FATDAD BOD
You're aiming for the outrer realm of the galaxy
nice gyno and nice pepperoni nips. You will have to get gyno surgery after you lose weight though. Lift some weights too.
Your face is way too goofy to be chad, sorry. You'll also be covered in loose skin, and due to a lifetime of eating like shit, it's unlikely you'd be able to maintain a healthy diet anyway. Sorry bro, you've already lost. Best find a new goal.
You've got a ways to go, but good on you for improving yourself. Never give up on striving for perfection in yourself.
He isn't much bigger than a bb on bulk, if he loses slow and steady no crash diets he will probably be fine.
Face has a lot of fat which causes a shadow on my forehead/nose bridge which bugs the hel outta me but is it really goofy as is now? Be honest bros
this tbhthe way your body currently looks is what most women find most desirable these days. If you can't slay now you won't get girls with abs. the only people you attract by getting /fit/ are homosexual men.
No, you've got a masculine face man, if you lose weight this is a must and the mantits, then you've got a good shot at it.
your nose looks weird, your eyebrows are far apart, big gap between nose and lipsIn the real normie world you could still get a girlfriend if you degrade yourself to play the game, but you won't be Chad bro
I know lots of chad nogs with that face. You're right that there's too much fat. Lose it and you'll be swimming in it.
Women like fat dudes now lol okay. I'll grant you that I do get more attention from females with my gut than I did as a skeleton. That epicanthic fold is just silly as all hell. Your nose is also pudgy, your eyes are set too far apart, and your chin is crooked. Your forehead is also fucking huge. You are very goofy looking, but that's okay, anon. You just gotta work on something else. Chad isn't something to aspire to anyway.
If he was ripped he would go from goofy to brute looking
How much do you think my face can improve with weight loss? Chin is pretty good I think, the only thing I see as not a product of my fat is my far apart eyes
A little. You're not hideous or anything, just a bit "goofy" looking. That picture is fucking hilarious though.
Alright ty anonkuns, I'll lose the weight and see what I'm working with
It's good that you want to lose weight and improve your life, but why aspire to be a chad?It's a pretty vain lifestyle and will not bring you true happiness.
Ill miss dis guy
Chads aren't made. They're born. If if o you get the body of a Chad your personality will not match.
implying the robot life is any better
Zyzz
I just want to be attractive and get mired, have a personality and presence at parties... probably because I spent the majority of my teens obese I used to be 300lbs when I was 17, I am now 235 and playing & raiding in WoW... I want a 180 for my early 20s. I'm even considering plastic surgery before I start uni.I start uni next year so I'm aiming for the stars, but we'll see.
hit a hotkey or something to spoiler the post, hmmm

g
Honestly just keep weight loss steady and lift heavy things.I went down 18-20 kgs pretty slowly and weight from looking almost exactly like you Like seriously, your almost a fat twin down to a decent BF%.Just make a good deficit and adjust it every time you lose a kg or 2 and stick to it.
being chad isnt just about looking good. you have to have the personality too, which is just as important.
Shut the fuck up, roastie.
6'2 master race amIrite??
As long as your not mentally ill, being goof looking is generally all you needPeople will laugh at your stupid jokes, will find a hot shy guy cute, will put up with you if your a obnoxious cunt, ect.Looks make up for a lot
Blake Griffin/10
Keep going man, lose that fat and you'll not only feel like you're the master of your own body, you'll look a damn lot better too. I BELIEVE IN YOU OP
Why take ANY pharmaceutical drug when you can GET HIGH instead!?
Not being retarded
Potheads are normies
Because my doctor won't prescribe me weed
Because it makes things like anxiety and depression much worse and harder to cope with.
Yeah, I won't take my heart pills. I'll just get high?High cholesterol? More like HIGH AS BALLS?Diabetes? FUCK INSULIN. Weed is the only real medicine because you can get intoxicated on it and it's like a plant, dude. You don't need expensive chemotherapy for your colon cancer. Just smoke a little green and your problems with just disappear.:
Halts your brains development.
Shit like that is why I hate potheads and I kind of wish it would stay illegal just to spite them.
dude weed lmao
The funny thing is that most weed users believe this.
heart pillshigh cholesterolthe beetusSounds like you just need to put down the drumstick fatty.
No, they don't. Not everyone who smokes weed is a cheech and chong wanabee.
All drugs are for fucking retards.
Is this the same guy who used cereal as a reason to why being cucked is ok?
need to put down the drumstick fatty.It was an example, retard. Put down the glue you're huffing.
no.. what thread was that?
Why take ANY pharmaceutical drug when you can GET HIGH instead!?Because weed don't treat what ails meIt ain't legal or covered by insurance so I can both be busted and have to pay out of pocketCauses fail of drug testmake some symptoms worseI have no interest in getting high or reducing my capacities or impairing my faculties
Because then you might turn into these guys.
Why take either? Theres so much else you can do first like improve your diet and work out more. It's crazy to just start popping pills as a shortcut.
But drugs are bad, mmmmkay?Unless its prescribed by a doctor, those drugs are good. Mmmmmkay?
You mean Hank Green? No, it's not.
Sorry, I was thinking of this guy. Not sure if its the same person because autism/too lazy to take the time and actually look. They remind me of each other if they're not the same person though.
comparing men's complex human feelings to cerealThe feminists really have already won.
Antidepressants are shit. They are for normies who are "depressed" because they haven't had sex for three weeks.
It's more like "this bowl of cheerios had 48 dicks in it! yum!"
They worked for me, what is the effect on "real" depressed people of them. I mean they do stimulate some positive production in your brain...r-right?
Because weed causes my mental problems to amplifyHaven't smoked in close to a month and I can feel my mindset going back to how it was last year which is much better.
I'm 25 year old permakv and they help me. No, they are miracle drugs, but they do help you deal with things and not feel so horrible all the time.
19222607A few reasons:1 Marijuana is illegal in most places, and therefore, difficult to get and consume if you're a depressed, suicidal robot.2 You'll eventually read: after several years of regular smoking start having really bad panic attacks and develop overwhelming paranoia while high, which can exacerbate suicidal and depressed thoughts to an extreme degree.3 Being reliant on ANY drug, of any kind, to be a functional person really sucks and isn't really worth it in the long run. What are you doing to do, stay doped up for the rest of your life?4 Trying to be productive while high is very difficult for most people. The stereotype of the lazy stoner who gets nothing done has a solid grounding in truth, regardless of how many "productive stoners" you run into on the internet.Source: I'm a depressed stoner who lives with a drug dealer and interacts with lots and lots of drug people. I'm not making this shit up to troll you, I'm giving you the straight dope heh.Weed is fun but you can't turn it into a crutch.
Soon we will be free from the shackles of anti-depressants, shill.
I smoke weed every day, I know it isn't good for me.
Because  usually. I don't have access to any normie drug dealers or friends and I don't want to get arrested on the streets.
"I waste my time productively"
kek, somebody butthurt that mommy put them on pills?
overwhelming paranoiaAhh, so that's what it's called. I just don't really feel high anymore. Like I can fee the effect, but it doesn't make me happy. I feel like I'm more obsessed in trying to reduce my amount of "downers" making sure nobody will bother me when I smoke.
Yep.Take a break, man. I'm on a break right now, I smoke maybe once a week with my best friend down from being high literally 24/7, wake and bakeYou'll realize that so much of the shit you were trying to deal with while high was all an illusion, and it'll let you enjoy actually getting stoned more.
tfw Ritalin and Adderall are so tightly regulated here it's impossible to get a prescriptionFucking government.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGOT EM GOOD BRO
Smoked weed, got useless, felt like shit, was bipolar anyway, switched to anti-depressants, got suicidal as advertised, it didn't go away and now I'm just better off not taking anything cause it all sucks in their own ways.Weed helped the depression very well, but on a very short term, and then being "sober" sucked.
Remember that this is the man that wrote a 'Fault in our Stars', a soppy teenage girl tier romance between dying cripplesHe's clearly a massive faggot and would love cereal with dick
tfw it's so hard to get your hands on Ketamine around here
I smoked weed every day for like two years.Eventually it doesn't do shit for you and you need to smoke to feel normal.It also fucks your appetite, you won't ever want to eat unless you're stoned which ends up costing a fuckton of money.Also can't sleep without weed which also sucks ass when you're all out and your dealer won't text back.Which reminds me, every time your dealer won't text back you get all anxious and annoying and then end up buying some shitty mexican ditch weed from down the street and get ripped off because it has like .5% THC content and you bought a dime for 20 bucks
Pentotal sodiumYou gonna love this OP
Quick green text about weed that no doc has been able to explain to me.smoke weed for 2 yearssaturday night be pushing mmr blazed as fuckget up for drankpass the fuck outin the amberlampswake up in hospitaldoc says heart went into ventricular fibrillation"shocked" my heart back into rhythmget 8 months of tests from cardiac echos to EEGseverything is finedecided to smoke weed againheart goes into arrhythmia while highexplain to my cardiologist and neurologist impossible can't happen nope it isn't that trust me it isn't thatExplain it faggots.
You'll eventually read: after several years of regular smoking start having really bad panic attacks and develop overwhelming paranoia while highThis makes no sense. I thought marijuana turned people into drooling, apathetic babbies with dulled situational awareness. That's the mirror opposite of the symptoms you just described DURING a high.
That is indeed pretty much the case.The more 'therapeutic' an illegal drug is touted to be, the more retarded its touters turn out to be upon inspection.
Weed is for fags and middle school rebels. Plus my medication has no obnoxious odor and it can finally push me into oblivion
But marijuana cures cancer, especially lung cancer!
Redefining the word 'cure' is not quite the way to prove things.
tfw weeds makes me reflect about my shitty life and every shitty thing I ever done.I have more suicidal thoughts on weed than being sober.
If you'd grown a few extra trillion braincells by dropping CIA recipe LSD you wouldn't be so narrow minded.
tfw I have a history of psychosis/diagnosed schizophrenia and stoners tell me I should do away with the anti-psychotics and get high from THC.Also with anti-depressants the MAO-inhibitors are more proven than the SSRIs but they're only used as a last resort because MAO patents have run out so they can't charge a big amount of money,
Then why on earth ever do it again?
Study Shows Heavy Adolescent Pot Use Permanently Lowers IQsmokers have long been characterized as dimwitted and slow. They tend to shrug off these stereotypes as artifacts of how they are when they’re on the drug. If you’ve ever had the misfortune of enduring a pot smoker who takes you through the “beneficial” effects of marijuana on the brain, then you’ve likely wondered if the stereotype is true. As it turns out, it is.A study more than thirty years in the making found that smoking marijuana permanently lowers intelligence, or IQ. Frequent pot smokers even those who had given up marijuana tended to have deficits in memory, concentration, and overall IQ. The reduction in IQ for those who smoked pot heavily prior to age 18 was most pronounced: an average of eight points. An eight point reduction in IQ is enough to have a significant, negative impact upon your life. To put it into context, consider that individuals with an IQ of 110 have an average net worth of $71,000 and individuals with an IQ of 120 have an average net worth of $128,000. It looks like smoking pot can lower your tax bracket
There's a thread about a dead veteran,  , who I happened to wiki just now randomly and found out that he had SSRIs in his blood. Possibly partly the cause of his death along with heroin and alcohol. Scripts are srs bzns. The toxicology screen also revealed Ziegel had marijuana and therapeutic levels of flouxetine, an antidepressant, in his system.
Weed makes anxiety and depression 10x worse until it wears off. It's literally only fun for normies who think it's entertaining to be scared for a little bit. Fuck you and your baby plant.
Most suicide committers/mass shooters have SSRIs in their blood.
And their dirty deeds usually occur when they skip a few doses I take it. I wonder if Elliot had SSRIs in him.
Not as far as I know, also suddenly stopping SSRIs may give nasty withdrawal symptoms.
I feel like I can't breathe when I get high
Causation vs correlationLearn the differenceThey were probably inadequately medicated, not overmedicated
They were probably inadequately medicated, not overmedicatedSSRIs are known to have suicidal thoughts as a side effect.

Because it's not a panacea.It has medicinal properties, but so does heroin.Don't be a cunt about it, and i don't care how much you smoke.
it's in my blood anon
it looks like a reddit upvote
you would know
Its poll time, /r9k/Today we find out how sexually and emotionally depraved the average poster isI will go first in the next postHave you ever had a gf, if so, how manyWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordWhen was the last time you touched a girlwhen was the last time you hugged a girlwhen was the last time you had sexHow often do you masturbateWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have done
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, threeWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordyesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlpossibly 2-3 months excluding accidental contact with cashierswhen was the last time you hugged a girlmore than 6 monthswhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbatenofap for two weeks, used to go 3-4 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneProbably masturbating while sniffing my ex gfs socks
nodon't rememberyesterdaya month ago?neverdaily, sometimes twicenothing
3about 5 minutes agotwo nights agotwo nights agothree weeks agosometimes i go on dry spells, other times i can go anywhere from 2-6 times a dayi'd probably have to say molested a dog, but i've done other fucked up things.
1, 7 months agoyesterday-ishprobably a few days agomonths agonevercutting down, 2-3 times a week... not sure
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYup. 3 of them.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordLike an hour ago.When was the last time you touched a girl6 hours ago, approximately.when was the last time you hugged a girlYesterday.when was the last time you had sexFridayHow often do you masturbateAt home, ~3 times a day. Down here, once a day on average.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated to some horrible, horrible shit.
Down here, once a day on average.wheres "down here"
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 4When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlA few moments agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlThis morningwhen was the last time you had sexLast nightHow often do you masturbate1-4 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donedone sexual things with and to corpses in addition to some other hideously depraved shit to living girls and guys
I'm currently employed as a night receptionist at a tropical resort in the Mediterranean. I'm actually at work right now, which makes it easier to sneak a fap. But when I have my days off, I'm too busy getting hammered/hitting on cute girls/hiking/etc.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 2When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordTodayWhen was the last time you touched a girl11 months agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl11 months agowhen was the last time you had sex11 months agoHow often do you masturbateOnce a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneNot counting online shit? It's a tie between the time I stuck a buttplug in a girl's ass and whipped her ass with a car antenna, having her bark like a dog each time, then fucking her, and the time the same girl fingered my asshole while spanking me and calling me a disgusting freak and a dirty slut.
in addition to some other hideously depraved shitgoddamn dude thats disgusting
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo. 0.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordI can't remember? Never?When was the last time you touched a girlHigh school 9 years agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlHigh school 9 years agowhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateOnce a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneTried to have sex with a guy, but couldn't. Left.
fapping at work
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNopeWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordNeverWhen was the last time you touched a girlNeverwhen was the last time you hugged a girlExcluding my mom, neverwhen was the last time you had sexVirgin for lifeHow often do you masturbateOnce a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI don't know, maybe taking pictures of my sister's ass while she worked out, or jerking off with her panties
Porn keeps me awake more than energy drinks do.
I managed to stop a few years ago but still I know, I hate myself for ithe's never fapped at work beforeNot even in the bathroom, man?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordProbably 8-10 years agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlI never didwhen was the last time you hugged a girlI never didwhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateVaries. 1-9 times/weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFapped.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes; 2When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordA week or so ago, wanting to switch work shifts.When was the last time you touched a girlAt work.when was the last time you hugged a girlAt work. [she hugged me]when was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateNot as much, since I now have a cyst on the base of my dick from fapping too much.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneDry humped my sister.
yes, currently with my 3rd gfgf texted me like half an hour agolast night for touch, hug and sexmasturbate 3 or 4 times a week, have sex 5 or 6 times a weeksuck dick or eat a girls ass
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3 I think.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord12 months agoWhen was the last time you touched a girl2 dayswhen was the last time you hugged a girl2 dayswhen was the last time you had sex1 day agoHow often do you masturbateOnce or twice a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneTurned up for an orgy that was supposed to be 4 guys and 4 girls. 3 of the girls didn't turn up. It just turned into a gay fuck fest.
marry me pls
when was the last time you hugged a girl2 dayswhen was the last time you had sex1 day agoHow the fuck do you have sex without hugging the girl?tfw hugging her and feeling her tremble as you go balls deepFeels aight man
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordNever.When was the last time you touched a girl2 or 3 years ago.when was the last time you hugged a girl2 or 3 years agowhen was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbate2-3 times a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneOne time my arm got numb from sleeping on it I touched myself pretending it was someone else.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3, all in highschool  that was 6 years agoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accorda girl snapchatted me yesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlsaturdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlsaturdaywhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbateminimally, like 1-3 times a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donejerking off while smelling my oneitis' shirt
Not interested in men, sorry.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes - one, whom I've with now.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordNot including the gf - today.When was the last time you touched a girlNot including the gf - today.when was the last time you hugged a girlNot including the gf - today.when was the last time you had sexNot including the gf - today.How often do you masturbate2/3 times a week.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have done.Unless BDSM stuff counts, a foursome?
but I'm a girl :
NoUnsure to be honest Never touchedNever huggedNo sexBeat it around 10-15 times a week. Sometimes lessI masturbated on a school bus once. I sat all the way in the back and was really horny. Didn't cum though.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0. When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord0When was the last time you touched a girlAbout a week ago. Unless you count customers, then maybe like 2 days ago. when was the last time you hugged a girlAbout a week ago. when was the last time you had sex2 years agoHow often do you masturbateOnce a day. Cut back a lot. What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneHired a prostitute a long time ago.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordyesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlyesterdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlyesterdaywhen was the last time you had sexN/AHow often do you masturbateevery couple of daysWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donenothing really. I feel like I'm not the target audience for this.
never had onenever not including my mother the last time I met a distant relative months agothat same incident a few months ago it was the only time aside from my momneverused to a lot haven't done so in who knows how longmasturbate
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many6 gf, two of them where wife status, as in "I want to spend the rest of my life with you." Dated both of them for a long time. When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordabout a week ago. It was regarding returning my former roommates stuff also a girl.When was the last time you touched a girl3-4 days ago hugged chick friendwhen was the last time you hugged a girlsee abovewhen was the last time you had sexabout 2 months ago, with said girl I hugged above while we where drunk, at a partyHow often do you masturbateused to do it at least 1-2 times a day, but I've been doing it a lot less these days, like once every few days. What is the most sexually depraved thing you have done69ed with a guy while I was drunk same night I nailed girl I mentioned above, it was one hell of a night, almost had anal sex with himcatching, if it makes a difference, but no lube
fucked corpseHow did you even manage to find one? Do you work in a funeral home or something? Are you are serial killer? Wtf
Nice attempt.
yes 2todaytodaylast weekneverdailytaped two pieces of salmon together, fucked them and made miso glazed salmon for myself.
inb4 gtfo normiecyborg, man. Ya'll robots need to piss off to wizard chan if people who can get along with others piss you off so badly.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordI am not sure that has ever happendedWhen was the last time you touched a girlIf we count mother than today, if not neverwhen was the last time you hugged a girlsame as abovewhen was the last time you had sexN/AHow often do you masturbate3-5 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneJerked off watching my neighbor through the window
wait for old person to die, break into house, you know the rest
you're not a girl online until you prove it.in short, tits or stfu
It's probably Necrofag, dude.
Unless BDSM stuff countsDegeneracy
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, technically 3.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordMay 10, my oneitis texted me "I miss you. Come drink with me."When was the last time you touched a girlApril 15. We cuddled and held hands.when was the last time you hugged a girlApril 12.when was the last time you had sexApril 5.How often do you masturbate~3 times a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFuck traps. It's almost all I do.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordjust nowWhen was the last time you touched a girlThis morningwhen was the last time you hugged a girlThis morningwhen was the last time you had sexThis morningHow often do you masturbateOnce a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneTook a bunch of supplement and saved up cum for 2 weeks while doing kegel exercises during, and then edging 2 hours just to blow a huge load on my coworkers laptop she leaves at work over the weekend.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordAbout a month ago wanting me to hang out with people When was the last time you touched a girlI don't remember rough guess maybe 6 monthswhen was the last time you hugged a girl6 months rough guesswhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateTrying to cut down I'm at about 1 a day used to be 3-5What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated to the sound of other people fucking
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordCan't rememberWhen was the last time you touched a girlCan't rememberwhen was the last time you hugged a girlNever well, maybe in elementary schoolwhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbate0-1 / dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneEjaculated on my face didn't much enjoy it
6This evening, my girlfriend called me to pick her up from her high school, she had a meeting.Shortly after she called meShortly after she called meFour years agoNeverStatutory with a gorgeous, busty, hyperactive redhead, 13/14 when I was 17, 13 our first time
That wasn't it, I don't do the elderly.It is, I just didn't feel like tripping.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo gf ever.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordJanuary, I think. Not counting female fraudsters/pollsters/recruitment consultants, in which case it would have been about 2 weeks ago.When was the last time you touched a girlYesterday: my mother makes the family hold hands when praying at mealtimes, so I would have touched my sister's hand then. For non-relations, it would be accidental contact when having change handed back to me by a cashier, which would probably be a few months back as I tend to stick to self-service machines.when was the last time you hugged a girlA few days ago: the fiancée of a friend of my stepfather who was round for dinner hugged everyone when she left.when was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbate1-4 times a day usually.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have donePublic masturbation.
So you have a girlfriend, yet you haven't fucked in four years?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNever really official girlfriends women I've had sex with 20 or 22? I'm starting to lose count. When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordthis afternoonWhen was the last time you touched a girlSaturday morning when was the last time you hugged a girlSaturday morning when was the last time you had sexSaturday morning How often do you masturbateLike 2 times a week What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneA girl came over off tinder and ate my asshole then I throat fucked her and came in her raw fog without birth control dumb idea. I knew her for a total of about 90 minutes Item 2. Fucked myself with a cucumber. Didn't like it Thirdly: threesomes I guess
pick her up from her high school
I really am though :
Alright, tell me about yourself.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 6When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordWhilst typing thisWhen was the last time you touched a girl6 hours agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl6 hours agowhen was the last time you had sexyesterday morningHow often do you masturbateonce a day when I canWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneanal sex on a war memorial on the anniversary of D Day
I was thinking back on something you had said a whole back about not having enough in your twisted spank bank. I have ko idea why, but I've spent an absurd amount of time thinking about it. Not even trying to solve it, just thinking about it.
I'm a 21 year old KV physics major weeb4/10 looks but I'm not fat, at least I have that going for me
It's been implied that there may have been a murder or something equally devious.
I really appreciate it. As odd as it may be, not sure why you've spent so much time thinking about it, but I appreciate it nonetheless.
I'm a 21 year old KV physics major weebThe hottest thing I have ever heard
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1, my oneitis When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordToday; girl I haven't talked to in months snapped me her computer screen When was the last time you touched a girlAbout two yearswhen was the last time you hugged a girlAbout two yearswhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateDaily, about 1.7 times on averageWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated at work, masturbated to pic of cousin
Too good to be true. Why me though?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordJanuary 2014.When was the last time you touched a girlWell I touched one of my female co-worker's hands today.when was the last time you hugged a girlSeptember 2014, I think.when was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbate5-6 times a week.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneNothing really.
Probably because you have dat tripfag status
i don't get itshe's too innocent and virtuous to fugg?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, one. Almost had two others but cut contact with them due to self sabatoge. When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordToday!When was the last time you touched a girlToday? It was an accident though. Not counting that, maybe like a month ago, when the girl from above was in town.when was the last time you hugged a girlSame, a month ago.when was the last time you had sexBeen like close to two years at this point.How often do you masturbateEvery day!What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI had two Asian girls tie me up, sit on my face, and piss and fart into my open mouth.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord2012When was the last time you touched a girlThree months ago when a drunk girl hugged me on the street at 1amwhen was the last time you hugged a girlsee abovewhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbateat least once a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donecross dressed and jerked off, fantasied about being dommed, buying a dildo when really horny , fucked a hoover nosle at work
We're both against premarital sex, minimum age is 16, age of consent is 16.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynoneWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accorddoes online count? if so, a few minutes ago. If not, around 2 weeks ago. When was the last time you touched a girlI can't even remember. when was the last time you hugged a girlI can't even remember. when was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbatefew times a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donenothing, really
Yes. One.Years ago.Years ago.Years ago.See above.2-3 times a day.Drank my exes piss.
It was a boy, I had sex with a boy. Gay boy sex.

NoneA few days agoI accidentally brushed by one earlier todayI don't rememberNever.Orgasms are a sign of weakness, so never.Browse /d/
Maybe there's a part of you that's had an interest in these things all along, and by trying to view it through someone else's eyes, you've found an acceptable outlet? I'm just taking a wild guess here. Made me happy?You twisted bastard, you've made my whole night.That one you posted is fake, though. Just a head's up.
why not you?you seem sweet, you've never had a girlfriend I've never had a boyfriend, and you've never done anything sexually depraved
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordneverWhen was the last time you touched a girlneverwhen was the last time you hugged a girlneverwhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbatedailyWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donei stuck a thing in my ass and jacked off
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyI have had 4, and only got sexual with one she became my wife.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordJust a couple of seconds ago. I work third shift, but my birthday is at midnight. People wishing me a happy birthday.When was the last time you touched a girlAbout two minutes ago, while my wife and I were sitting outsidewhen was the last time you hugged a girlAbout 20 minutes ago, as I got up out of bedwhen was the last time you had sexHow often do you masturbateNot very often. Once every 2 or 4 weeks at most.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMeh, I don't kiss and tell when it comes to my wife.
No, I'm thuroughly disgusted with them. Not even a wiggle down there.I've not spent a whole lot of time looking for/at corpses in either real life or the internet, so my ability to judge how real they are hasn't developed yet. How can you tell?Well, I'm happy to help.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many2 in-person, 4 long-distanceWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accorda minute agoWhen was the last time you touched a girl7:30 this morningwhen was the last time you hugged a girl7:30 this morningwhen was the last time you had sex6:00 this morningHow often do you masturbatewithout gf: 3+ times a day, minimumwith gf: 3 times a week or soWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donemy roommates' doorknob wasn't attached very well and you could see through a crack between it and the door if you bent down a little. i used to watch them have sex through it.also have ripped countless photobuckets, gotten into many email accounts and otherwise completely scoured the internet for nudes of people i know.
I dunno, it's kinda weird, though. I spent three hours searching for ladies wearing jats because some guy wanted a female's hat thread. Now I have a bunch of women wearing hats that'll I'll never get rid of.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many2When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordlast week, on my birthdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlLast octoberwhen was the last time you hugged a girlLast octoberwhen was the last time you had sexLast october, it was also the only time I've had sexHow often do you masturbateeverydayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneanal masturbation with my finger, so not anything that crazy
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many4 total, haven't had one in about three yearsWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord30 minutes ageWhen was the last time you touched a girlSaturday nightwhen was the last time you hugged a girlSunday morningwhen was the last time you had sexSaturday nightHow often do you masturbateUsually once a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneStole my roommate's panties and masturbated with themI came buckets
Alright, that still looks like a bait to me, but I'll bite. It's not like I've got something to loose anyway. Throw something attotallynotathrowaway14@gmail.comI'm going to sleep now though, so response might take a while. 
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many2When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterday befre going to sleepWhen was the last time you touched a girlLast december family don't countwhen was the last time you hugged a girlLast december family don't countwhen was the last time you had sexJanuary 2014How often do you masturbate3-10 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFapping to my exs
I understand. That's definitely for the best, though. Not something you want to actively get into. ...or get into by any means, period.When you die, your blood initially pools in your back and around your ass, and gradually the rest of you follows suit. In the image, she's still fairly pink everywhere but her face. It insinuates a bad makeup job, not natural lividity.Plus that image is a still frame from a gif that has been circulated for quite a long time, which I thought was commonly known to be a fake. Pic related is an example of a corpse that would have been dead around the same amount of time. You can tell the differences in skin tone pretty easily.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord'bout half a monthWhen was the last time you touched a girlwhen the girl working at subway touched my hand to give me change backwhen was the last time you hugged a girlmonth agowhen was the last time you had sex2 yearsHow often do you masturbatenormally 3-5 times every other day..so like a day break in between but lately my dick has been sore and the head hurts when I cum so i'm down to once a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneone of my girlfriends was a known slut from a town over, the whole time I was with her she was also fucking her drug dealer ex boyfriend, I didn't care for some reason
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordtodayWhen was the last time you touched a girltodaywhen was the last time you had sexyesterdayHow often do you masturbatealmost every day What is the most sexually depraved thing you have donespit into a girls mouth, slapped her face with my dick, had my gf peg me, blew a guy, licked my own cum of a gils face.. the list goes on
tfw you won't be able to sleep tonight after clicking those spoiler images
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordHigh school asking me for a lab reportWhen was the last time you touched a girlCasheirs giving me changewhen was the last time you hugged a girlneverwhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbate1 a day keeps the boredom awayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMy jerkoff sessions are pretty vanilla
he isn't, but i really am! Seriously!!
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynone, unless you count a fake marriage I had with a girl on a playground when I was 5When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordover a year ago, possibly 2When was the last time you touched a girlthe last time I had physical contact with a girl was probably briefly on a bus once as we walked past eachother. Nothing sensual or intentional.when was the last time you hugged a girlover 3 years ago, probably. It was very awkward and I only did so to say goodbye because that's what other people I was with were doing and she expected me to hug her. I didn't really want to.when was the last time you had sexlolHow often do you masturbatethis morning. I've been trying to cut back, though. The longest I've gone without doing it so far is 2 weeks.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI've looked at a lot of drawn fetish porn that most well-balanced people would find extremely disturbing and nothing else.  I also masturbate without using my hands, by grinding up against a matress with my underwear on and tissues to absorb the semen. I have never been able to get off using my hands, no matter how hard I try. I am not proud of this, and it is one of the major reasons why I am trying to quit. 
I see.I have the gif, shit wouldn't upload for whatever reason. Well, since it's fake, I guess I can delete it, then.I still have no idea what I'll do with all of these hat photos, though.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord3 weeks ago.... to swap work shifts. She hates me 4 no reason.When was the last time you touched a girlI bumped into a fat chick on a flight of stairs if that counts.when was the last time you had sexAre you kidding me?How often do you masturbate5 times a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneLearnt how to self-suck. Good exercise.

fair enoughyou don't hear that much these days
you don't hear that much these dayswhat
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyofficially? 2 unofficially aka girls that pretty much were my gf but we didnt call it that/ things ended before we did 4When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordtodayWhen was the last time you touched a girllast day of collegewhen was the last time you hugged a girllast day of collegewhen was the last time you had sexlast day of collegeHow often do you masturbatemaybe two or three times a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donereally nothing I tried anal once but we didnt have lube and it was her first time so we decided to stop
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterday.When was the last time you touched a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlAbout a week ago?when was the last time you had sex4 years ago....How often do you masturbateEvery 2-3 daysWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated to a spider sucking a fly's blood after it struggled to escape from its spider web
none, unless you count a fake marriage I had with a girl on a playground when I was 5I do count thatLEAVE NORMIE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I also masturbate without using my hands, by grinding up against a matress with my underwear on and tissues to absorb the semenI remember the first time I got banned for saying that in two words
Yeah, sorry to disappoint. As for the photos- collect even more of them, and amass enough hat photos to scare anyone who dare look through your computer?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, fourWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordA couple hours agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlLast saturdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlTodaywhen was the last time you had sexSaturdayHow often do you masturbateOnce a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneHad sex with two girls, twice with different girls, had sex in a lot of bathrooms, fingered a girl in the middle of a party
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordI did a roll thread on /b/ with a friend's little sister, and when she found out it was me she texted me to never contact her again.When was the last time you touched a girlgave my mom a hug a couple days agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlsee abovewhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbatedaily, more if there's some good fap materialWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI had sex with a bagel, or at least attempted to. I burned the tip of my penis and then put it back for my grandmother to eat the next day.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accorda few months agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlmonths agowhen was the last time you hugged a girllike 7 months agowhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbateevery other dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donefap to fetishes
If the corpses don't get 'em, it'll be the hats. Ain't no one fuck wit hats.
notodaytodaylast week maybe?nevererraticallyjerk off to something on /d/ that might be a little out there compared to everything else on that board
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many2When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordbesides my mom, 3 weeks.When was the last time you touched a girl2-3 months agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl~1 year agowhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbate3 times a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donei regularly sniff panties i found on the sidewalk at work.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyone from when I was 7, no gf as a teen or adult though.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord4 months agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlNot counting my mom, about 7 months ago.when was the last time you hugged a girl7 months agowhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateAverages about once per dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFapped with a girl's panties when I had access to her laundry
beefjerky.jpg
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1 serious, 3 not-so-serious, 1 affairWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordBack in March on Tinder? Or else my roommate texting me about the internet being down.When was the last time you touched a girlAfter an awkward date off of Tinder.when was the last time you hugged a girlSee above.when was the last time you had sexLol never ;-; Though I got to fingering the affair chick before she had to leave.How often do you masturbateErrydayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneThe fingering? She was married and the cat started licking my butt.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyZero.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordAs in, through the cellphone? About a week ago. Else, today.When was the last time you touched a girlToday...?when was the last time you hugged a girlToday.when was the last time you had sexTwo months.How often do you masturbateOne month ago, once every two weeks. Slowly been bending to twice a day since last week.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneTried jacking off to traps and bestiality once but couldn't cum.That's pretty much me.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynever, 0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord3 years agoWhen was the last time you touched a girl5 years ago, highschoolwhen was the last time you hugged a girl5 years ago, highschool same girlwhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbate10 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donemasturbated with the door open
Since I read some other responses, I guess the most sexually depraved thing is actually my vore fetish.Thanks NSA for tracking everyone's sexual history!
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0.5 gfs. I had a FWB for a bit first year of uni. I only got laid like 4 or 5 times though so it was barely even that. Broke it off with her about 1 year ago because she was vain and stupid.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord~1 yearWhen was the last time you touched a girl~1 yearwhen was the last time you hugged a girl~1 yearwhen was the last time you had sex~1 yearHow often do you masturbateEveryday my niggaWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneProbably illegally importing $350 of loli doujins hot from C84 into Canada and then selling them to local /jp/sies
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyOne, but it was high school bs, so not reallyWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordAbout a week agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlsee abovewhen was the last time you hugged a girlsee abovewhen was the last time you had sexhuehuehuehuehuehuehuehueHow often do you masturbate~1 per dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFutanari is the shit
oh shit, didn't realize the contact wasn't physical contact because I am retardThen it'd be two days ago
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyOnly oneWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordTodayWhen was the last time you touched a girlSaturdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girl1 month or so don't rememberwhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateNormally once a day, 3 if I have the free timeWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI licked a the feet of a girl friend of mine while she was sleeping at my home and then masturbated.
You call that depraved? That's fucking normie tier shit. I forced my dog to give me head a few times. Some other guy fucks corpses. Having sex with a girl isn't that depraved.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyno.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordNeverWhen was the last time you touched a girlA very long timewhen was the last time you hugged a girlEven longerwhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbate3-5 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneAnal.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNot a one.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordLast night, but it was the first message I'd gotten from anyone in a good three months. She asked if I had any anime.When was the last time you touched a girlSunday morning at a fire. She was just giving out obligatory goodbye hugs and I happened to get one.when was the last time you hugged a girlSee above.when was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbateUsually once a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneNothing, really. I've gotten to indulge in my foot fetish a couple times but nothing more than that.
I licked a the feet of a girl friend of mine while she was sleeping at my home and then masturbated.oh god thats my dream, you lucky bastard
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many4? I think 4.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlDon't knowwhen was the last time you hugged a girlAlmost a year and a half ago?when was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateDailyWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneHad a girl giving me head under my desk while I watched porn. Not very depraved.
inb4 reeeeeeeHave you ever had a gf, if so, how many3 or 4 i thinkWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordthis afternoon my gfWhen was the last time you touched a girlfridaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlfridaywhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbateonce a day or soWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donejerked off to the sex slave scenarios in Princess Trainer
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyhad oneWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordalmost a year agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlshook a lady's hand at an interview 3 days agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlearlier today my momwhen was the last time you had sexNever hadHow often do you masturbate3 times a datWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFucked a tree
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNeverWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordAn hour agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlAn hour agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlAn hour agowhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateOnce everydayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated to the girl I saw an hour ago
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNope, neverWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordA week ago? She has a boyfriend though. Damn shame, she's a qt.When was the last time you touched a girlMe touch a girl? I gave one a hug at ANwhen was the last time you hugged a girl[see above]when was the last time you had sexNever. I'm a virgin...probably a liferHow often do you masturbateUsually once a day. Sometimes I skip when I don't get a chance.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI jacked off for 5 hours to Violated Heroine
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo, not really. I had a thing with a guy, but it was never 'official' and it crumbled eventually. We're still friends though.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordToday.When was the last time you touched a girlSexually? Never. Just normally? Today.when was the last time you hugged a girlLast Thursday.when was the last time you had sexNever. Awful young to, anyways. I like to say it's because I haven't found someone who wants to take sex seriously.How often do you masturbateEvery couple of days.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneEither fapping to beastiality really regret this one, or fapping while sniffing a sock - and I thought I was the only one until now.
yes, 3 LTGF, many one-night stands/hookups/FWBslike 20 minutes agoyesterdayyesterdayyesterdayonce every 1-2 days or soa2m/anal
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordA dayWhen was the last time you touched a girlA daywhen was the last time you hugged a girl6 monthswhen was the last time you had sex6 months How often do you masturbateOnce per week/two weeksWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI have no clue.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordHighschool?When was the last time you touched a girlDon't knowwhen was the last time you hugged a girlJunior yearwhen was the last time you had sexlolHow often do you masturbatemaybe once every three daysWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated to my sister I guess
NooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooHow often do you masturbateDaily, twice a day or so.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have done?Blew myself and then swallowed.
Dude, I'm a new robot and I was just rused by someone.Be careful.
Fucked a treegonna need details
I have a lot more sexually depraved shit, most of it isn't horrible but it's still fucked up.When I was 12, I was chewing mint gum when I had the bright idea to put it on my dick. It got stuck in my bush, and not knowing what the fuck oil was, I cut it out with scissors. All on Christmas night, too.
NoAbout 6 months ago for some work at uniI can't rememberNeverNever3 times a weekNothing
It was awesome when I did it, but I felt really bad afterwards, I'm glad that she slept like a log
When I was 13, I woke up at 5 AM really horny and groggy, and decided to stick a toothbrush up my ass. I ended up causing an anal tissue to occur and was shitting my pants for a week thinking I would have to go to a hospital. Thankfully it went away on its own.When I was 14, I fapped using hand soap because I was too scared/broke to buy lube, and it felt really good. It fucking dried up my dick, and skin peeled off. Ouch.Also when I was 14, I fapped using a homemade fleshlight made from sponges. Well, I accidentally fucked the green rough part instead of the soft sponge part and got a friction burn.
1. No2. 5th grade3. 8th grade4. 8th grade5. Never6. Less than once per week. I have sexual anhedonia so its frustrating and unfulfilling.7. Nothing
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNopeWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord2 Days agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlMay 6thwhen was the last time you hugged a girlPlease don't remind me...April 10thwhen was the last time you had sexHaven'tHow often do you masturbateNeverWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneNothing
I guess other sexually depraved stuff would be normally fapping to Pokemon porn and furry porn.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many6When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordtodayWhen was the last time you touched a girllike a month agowhen was the last time you hugged a girla month or 2 agowhen was the last time you had sexlast year, a week or 2 before christmasHow often do you masturbateonce a week or soWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donedepends on your definition of depraved. i've come on someones face, fucked girls in parks, had a rape style roleplay thing involving a knife and facefucked someone so hard that they didn't know when i came.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordI can't remember that ever happeningWhen was the last time you touched a girlAbout a year agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlAbout a year agowhen was the last time you had sexHow often do you masturbate5-10 times per weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneLooked for pictures of underage nudist girls, i failed
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1 Single for 3 years nowWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you had sexAbout two weeks agoHow often do you masturbateSometimes none, sometimes 4 or 5 times in a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFingered my under-age cousin She initiated it
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyOneWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordTodayWhen was the last time you touched a girlTodaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlTodaywhen was the last time you had sexYesterdayHow often do you masturbate3-5x a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneHmm... nothing really. came on my gfs face, fucked her legs, have masturbated to just about everyone i know at least 5 times
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many10 or 11When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordTodayWhen was the last time you touched a girlTodaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlTodaywhen was the last time you had sexYesterday How often do you masturbate3-5 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFucked my friends wife while he was in the garage fixing his car. Or the time I fucked my GFs mom while she my gf was asleep in the next room.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordthe other day shes an dumb annoying bitch that also has a low opinion of me, i suppose we only talk to humor our ego. Honestly if she wouldnt txt me i wouldnt talk to herWhen was the last time you touched a girlafew weeks agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlafew weeks agowhen was the last time you had sexafew weeks agoHow often do you masturbateone to three times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI once fucked a 40ish year old women on her 10 year old daughters bed in the ass and then took my dick from her ass into her mouth. Also same women she gave me a blow job with her daughter in the same room as us but sleeping. She woke up and we stared at each other while her mom sucked me
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNope. My senior class has 30 students. RIPWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordTodayWhen was the last time you touched a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlAbout a week ago.when was the last time you had sexV-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-irgin.How often do you masturbateGenerally once a day, but I take 2-3 day breaks every other week.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI've masturbated to some really gay shit. I'm pretty hetero, but my porn watching tends to get pretty bi.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordyesterday because we're in the same group for a uni projectWhen was the last time you touched a girlmaybe 2 months ago? her hair sort of brushed over my arm if I remember correctlywhen was the last time you hugged a girla year agowhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbatethese days only around 2 times a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donepracticed auto-fellating over the span of a month when I was 15 managed to get the tip in but wasn't enough to get off on, eventually gave up
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYeah, threeWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordLast nightWhen was the last time you touched a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlCouple of days agowhen was the last time you had sexOver a year, stopped counting alreadyHow often do you masturbateDoing no-fap at the moment, day 10, usually once a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneEither messy period sex or smearing my cum over my ex's face with my hand, nothing specialI miss sex.
Oh yeah I used to slap my ex around a bit in bed but it was more of a fetish thing so I don't know if it's depraved really
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyneverWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordGirl in HS asked me out to prom 4 years agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlCannot rememberwhen was the last time you hugged a girlNever have hugged anyone, find it too uncomfortable to get that closewhen was the last time you had sexNever had sexHow often do you masturbateUntil 6 months ago 1-2 times a week, since I went off my meds I've done 3 times a day since JanuaryWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbation
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyJust 1, and we've been together for 1.5 years now.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordThis week.When was the last time you touched a girlLast time I saw my GF less than 2 weeks agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlOutside family? monthswhen was the last time you had sexI'm a virginHow often do you masturbateMultiple times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donetouched the spot above my sisters ass with my penis. I was like 10
Fucking chad.
How so?
You fucked a married woman and your girlfriend's mom. How are you not a chad?
I could just be a shitty person. Also, my current GF gets off on me fucking other women in front of her. In reality I'm probably just a sex addict.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many3. I've dated 5 girls for 2+ weeks though. Had sex with 2 girls so far.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordDefine on her accord. If you mean, she sent a random message to me out of the blue, then weeks ago. If you mean, an ongoing text conversation, then an hour ago.When was the last time you touched a girlDefine touched. If you mean, brush shoulders with non family member, then a day or two ago. If you mean something like hug where it's intentional, then a week ago. If you mean kiss, then about a month ago.when was the last time you hugged a girl1 week agowhen was the last time you had sex2.5 months agoHow often do you masturbate3-4 times a week usually. I'm going to take a break to build testosterone though.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneDoggy style I guess. I don't really consider any sex position more depraved than others, but doggy style is one where I'm not facing the girl so that. Otherwise just fingering, I've never done oral. Oh, and I fap to gender bender porn if that counts as depraved.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, one, in high school. For 2 months.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterday.When was the last time you touched a girlAbout a month.when was the last time you hugged a girlLast August.when was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbateAnywhere between 2-10 times a week.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated on a playground and came on the table inside this small playhouse while going home drunk around 4 AM.
Christ, I'm so fucking jealous.
It's surprisingly hard to find other women who are into that idea though. A couple of times I've had to have her hide in the closet and watch.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord3 weeks ago in a group text. Individually, probably yearsWhen was the last time you touched a girl3 months agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl3 months agowhen was the last time you had sexnever in 24 yearsHow often do you masturbateAlmost everyday, usually skip weekendsWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneexperimented with self bondage and fapped
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyOne IRL, four onlineWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordBetween 2 and 6 months ago, I thinkWhen was the last time you touched a girlabout 3 days ago young cousinwhen was the last time you hugged a girlabout 3 days agowhen was the last time you had sexVirginHow often do you masturbateOnce or twice every day/every other dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneTaste my cum/make my sleeping cousin give me a handjob
Did you just manage to get lucky landing a cuckquean? Does she pick up the other women or you?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many5 or soWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordMessage from a colleague 12 minutes agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlProbably not since I kissed my gf goodbye this morning.so 6 hours?when was the last time you hugged a girlWe would've hugged too. 6 hours agowhen was the last time you had sexLast night, around 11pmHow often do you masturbateAlmost never to completion. Sometimes I'll rub my penis a bit when bored and flick it aroudn to bar up for sex but having a live in girlfriend means almost 100% of my semen is ejaculated inside her.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneAnal sex.
She doesn't pick them up, though she does have a say in who I fuck not her shit head Co worker for example. As far as how I got her, we just kind of discovered it. She told me she had a dream where I fucked a hooker in front of her, and I asked if she wanted to try it.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyI had an internet relationship that lasted about three months when I was 14. I never did anything besides hug her semi-suggestively. I consider this to be 1/2 a gf. I have not been in a romantic relationship of any manner for four years.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordI honestly don't remember, but if I had to guess I would say last year.When was the last time you touched a girlEarlier today. A girl placed her head on my desk and I moved away it in a playful manner.when was the last time you hugged a girlLast week. The girl in question actually initiated the hug !when was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbateMostly once, sometimes twice a week.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI came on a pencil once, covered the scent with some lotion, and gave it to the next girl at school who needed to borrow it. I try to forget about that stage in my life.
0nevadunnoaugustneva2xdayprotate orgasem
Once again, I'm fucking jealous.
There are normies ITT RIGHT NOW that have had a gfAnyway,Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNope, I'm not ugly or anything, I just don't talk to peopleWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordAbout 1.5 years ago, when a female friend Not gf asked to go to the mall with meWhen was the last time you touched a girlalmost two years ago when a different female friend not gf gave me a hugwhen was the last time you hugged a girlalmost two years agowhen was the last time you had sexexcluding a blowjob when i was like 7, neverHow often do you masturbateabout once every two daysWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donenothing besides masturbate
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 1, for the past 5 years.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordToday.When was the last time you touched a girlAbout 3 hours ago, before she went to sleep.when was the last time you hugged a girlAbout 4 hours ago, on the couch.when was the last time you had sexLast night.How often do you masturbateOnce or twice a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated with a Sharpie in my butt.
No3 years ago, a friend of mine^^NeverTwice a month, usuallyTouch my dick, I guess
"yes", "one" probably at least 2 years now 2 years about I'd the last one I can remember2 years N/A 3+ times a day enjoy bdsm porn and that one time I had a rape fantasy
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo, noneWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordMessenger app says 20th May When was the last time you touched a girlTwo days agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlThree days agowhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbateusually daily, but i'm on 3rd day of nofap nowWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneHomemade onahole
This is the most vanilla list I've ever read
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many5 total, 3 seriousWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordtodayWhen was the last time you touched a girlbout a week and a half agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlweek and a half agowhen was the last time you had sexweek and a half agoHow often do you masturbateim on and off with it. sometimes i go a week without. i jerked off four times today tho lolWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donejerked off with my friend's then 14 year old sister's panties around my dick
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo gfs.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordBack in my junior year of high school.When was the last time you touched a girlChristmas.when was the last time you hugged a girlChristmas.when was the last time you had sexI haven't.How often do you masturbate2-3 times a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbate to bestiality porn.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordI don't remember, probably years agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlI shook hands with an older woman after job interviewwhen was the last time you hugged a girlYears agowhen was the last time you had sex2012How often do you masturbate2-3 times dailyWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneFapped while smelling roommate's gf's menstrual pad thing
32 years agoJanuaryJanJanOnce a dayLicked an asshole.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many2, one was an online relationship for 2 years. and she cucked me out of nowhere a week ago. the other was just this bitch that dated me just to get back at her ex and threw me under the bus.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordIf online counts, someone messaged me on my dating site yesterday? other than that, it was when i was in the hospital on suicide watch. i made friends with this fat mexican chick who was actually chill as fuck. not interested in her though reallyWhen was the last time you touched a girlassuming family does not count, augustwhen was the last time you hugged a girlI dont rememberwhen was the last time you had sex august.. i am far from a chad but i paid my cousins friend 50 bucks tosuck me off How often do you masturbate3-4 times dailyWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI'd fuck my cousin. one time her and i had to share a bed when on family vacation. she was having a lewd dream and i felt her up. and like grinded against her ass and caressed her thigh. she didnt wake up tho
fuck you bitch i bet you are a fat idiot
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, twoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordEarlier today, or technically, yesterday 1 am where I'm atWhen was the last time you touched a girlDunno, few days ago maybeWhen was the last time you hugged a girlAgain, a few days agoWhen was the last time you had sexNever doneHow often do you masturbate2-3 times a day. Sometimes more if I don't have any other obligations or responsibilities going on that dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneUsed sister's bra to try and jerk off once. Never again
Its poll time, /r9k/Today we find out how sexually and emotionally depraved the average poster isI will go first in the next postHave you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNeverWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordMay 27thWhen was the last time you touched a girlLast nightwhen was the last time you hugged a girlLast nightwhen was the last time you had sexA week agoHow often do you masturbateAbout 5 times a day What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbate on the floor outside in my backyard
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 2, But both of them before I was out of middle school, have not had a gf since. When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordearlier tonight, because of martial arts reasons.When was the last time you touched a girlearlier tonight, because of martial arts reasons.when was the last time you hugged a girlnot counting martial arts and family, 4 or 5 days. when was the last time you had sexVaginal or anal, neverAbout once a day, less if I have a lot of things to doWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donechild molestation
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 14When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordToday, on snapchatWhen was the last time you touched a girlI hugged my mom today. Otherwise, this past Saturday at my local graduation.when was the last time you hugged a girlI hugged my mom today. Otherwise, this past Saturday at my local graduation.when was the last time you had sexvirginHow often do you masturbate2-3 times dailyWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneyour mum tbh lads
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyOne, for about a week. I don't think it really counts, I was 15 and barely knew her.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordA few weeks ago. Nothing came of it.When was the last time you touched a girl5 years ago. Hand on hip.when was the last time you hugged a girl5 years agowhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateAlmost every dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneI've never done anything other than sit at home and work my wanker.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 1When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord2 days agoWhen was the last time you touched a girl2 days agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl2 days agowhen was the last time you had sex3 years agoHow often do you masturbateEveryday lolWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneWas at a girl's house I met on Tinder. Stayed there for 3 days. She was a virgin and on her period.. Doesn't know shit, doesn't do shit except kiss. We sleep together, but that's that. Had to fap in the bathroom everyday because the blue balls hurt too much and I couldn't walk.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyZeroWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordNeverWhen was the last time you touched a girlI forget, I think I shakes some bitches hand but I think that might of been a dream because I can't remember anythingwhen was the last time you hugged a girlDon't hug people, its just gaywhen was the last time you had sexlolHow often do you masturbateOnce every day or two, sometimes I forget to or don't really care toWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneNot saying
Don't hug people, its just gaylol autism
82 weeks agoyday at work2 weeks agoover a year agodailynothing that i dont consider okay :^
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1 short term bfWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordboy, yesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlboy, few days agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlboy few days agowhen was the last time you had sexfew days agoHow often do you masturbatedaily, trying to stop thoWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donegotten off to some fucked up pornone of the first times in 6 months ive had physical contact with a boy, pretty sure its over
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many6When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord2 hours agoWhen was the last time you touched a girlThree days agowhen was the last time you hugged a girlMonths ago?when was the last time you had sexA week agoHow often do you masturbate2 times a day when I wake up and before I sleepWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneGot a ex-gf to get onto her hands and knees and fucked her in the ass and pussy in the dirt while two men watched in a jeep in public, I mostly just came in her ass four times in a row.Being young gives you lots of endurance power.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many?No, never.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord?For some sort of work that was to her gain? This morning over text.Just to interact with me in general? It's been 4 months or soWhen was the last time you touched a girl?Non-relative? I shook hands with a few at the college farewell 3 weeks agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl?Lelwhen was the last time you had sex?LelHow often do you masturbate?Usually once a day. Some weeks, every alternate day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have done?Fapped to classmates Facebook
Yes, oneYesterdaySeconds agoSeconds agoSeconds agoEvery two daysTouched my sis
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1 , but strictly online and idk if it even countsWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordtonightWhen was the last time you touched a girldont rememberwhen was the last time you hugged a girlprobably 4 or 5 years agowhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbatealmost once every dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donejust masturbation basically
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordearly this year.When was the last time you touched a girlearly this year.when was the last time you hugged a girlearly this yearwhen was the last time you had sexlate 2012.How often do you masturbateanywhere between 1 - 3 times a day. If I'm bored and have nothing to do I fap like crazy, if I'm occupied it won't even cross my mind.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have donelost my virginity, drunk, in a parking lot. strangely enough, that's the only time I've ever had sex.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manynoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordyesterday, a friend's gf invited me to her birthday partyWhen was the last time you touched a girl2 days a go, hugged another friend's gfwhen was the last time you hugged a girlsee abovewhen was the last time you had sexN/AHow often do you masturbateabout 0.85 times/day I'd guessWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donesent some bitches in sexchat forums photos of me jacking it to their photos
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many0When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordneverWhen was the last time you touched a girli said hi to a girl be doing the bise when was the last time you hugged a girlneverwhen was the last time you had sexa few years ago, a prostituteHow often do you masturbatei've been masturbating less these days because of that crush i have on a girl, i find myself unable to fap to porn for some reason, i find it oddusually i'd fap like once or twice a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have donei'd say fucking a prostituteim 27does it ever end?
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes, 5.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you hugged a girlYesterdaywhen was the last time you had sexA year ago.How often do you masturbateTwice a weekWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneReceived a rimjob.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyYes. One. Two if you count that one failed relationshipWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterday.When was the last time you touched a girlI'd say about a week.When was the last time you hugged a girlI can't even. Months ago.When was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbateIt heavily varies with my schedule. When I'm out of time, about once every three days; when I have free time, twice a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneSniffing panties, trying to understand what the fuss was all about. Alternatively, fapping in the sea in broad daylight.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNo.When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordCan't remember.When was the last time you touched a girlCan't remember.when was the last time you hugged a girlCan't remember, if ever.when was the last time you had sexNever.How often do you masturbateMore than three times a day.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneMasturbated in a school restroom while someone was using the stall next to me.

Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordAbout 2 years ago, back when I was at uni. She was a group project memberWhen was the last time you touched a girlShit, no idea. It's been years.when was the last time you hugged a girlNever, only girls I've hugged are female relatives, mostly my motherwhen was the last time you had sexkek, neverHow often do you masturbateDaily, sometimes twice a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneJerked off to fucked up porn
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accord6 months agoWhen was the last time you touched a girl2 months agowhen was the last time you hugged a girl8 months agowhen was the last time you had sexneverHow often do you masturbateeveryday What is the most sexually depraved thing you have donenothing too bizarre comes to mind
54Last NightTodayJust had sexDon't need toHad a fourway and made them all tongue my ass
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1When was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterdayWhen was the last time you touched a girlNot counting family, at least 2 yearswhen was the last time you hugged a girlNot counting family, at least 2 yearswhen was the last time you had sex2 Years agoHow often do you masturbateEvery day about once or twiceWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneOff the top of my head, my ex girlfriend got off to being licked so I would do shit like lick her feet and armpits and shit. Sometimes I'd stick her toes in my mouth. She also liked being choked and shit. If it counts, she told her whole family we were fucking. It made me extremely uncomfortable to fuck in her houseI got a fucking pack of condoms from her 8 year old cousin for Christmas
I got a fucking pack of condoms from her 8 year old cousin for ChristmasThat cousin is so based. I don't know what her family is like, but they sound chill.
ermagerd so cewl i wish i wuz u ched
nonevercan't remember unless my mom countscan't remember unless my mom countsneveraverage once a day but I try to lower itjust plain hedonism of fapping whenever I damn please
Inbred fuck please stop making your children do nasty things to you
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNoWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordNeverWhen was the last time you touched a girlIf mother counts then last week, if she doesn't then probably in elementary schoolwhen was the last time you hugged a girlIf mom counts last week, else neverwhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbateAlmost dailyWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneWhore myself out on the net to get sexual attention from gay guys
none10 months or so ago10 months10 monthsneveri donti get off to gaining weight. i gained 5 lbs once. felt good
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how many1...for a weekWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordnever if you don't count friendsWhen was the last time you touched a girlI won't count the prostitute, well over a year when was the last time you hugged a girlyearswhen was the last time you had sexlast august, only time I've had sex. Was to nervous/freaked to get it up or even finishHow often do you masturbateusually once a day, sometimes more, but not for a few days cause i feel like total shit.What is the most sexually depraved thing you have donemost recently, deep throated a tube of toothpaste while trying to jerk off. Was too drunk to get hard. Not even gay
Yes 1TodayYesterday YesterdaySundayMore than three times a dayTried to have sex with my sister on vacation while she was asleep. I paid her so she wouldn't tell our parentsI can't function if i don't cum every couple of hours. I'm pretty sure that co workers notice i jerk off in the restroom.
Have you ever had a gf, if so, how manyNeverWhen was the last time a non-relative girl contacted you on her accordYesterday, maybe. It's hard to keep track when you're constantly harassing female friendsWhen was the last time you touched a girlI think I may have tapped one very gently on the upper arm yesterday to get her attentionwhen was the last time you hugged a girlLike, a year ago maybewhen was the last time you had sexNeverHow often do you masturbate2-4 times a dayWhat is the most sexually depraved thing you have doneJerked off in an expensive restaurant's bathroom in the middle of having dinner with my parents. Could here them talking while I did it too...
*hearfuck me i fucking suck
White men, how do you compete with THIS?
Persians and Arabs are strong. Bro tier aside from the fanatics. Would hang jews and faggots with.
tickling his chest is his weak spot. every honkey knows this.
why does he bother doing that when he has access to bombs?
Sikh gains
This nigga has fists coming out of his armpits
By posting dank meems :^
Osama bin lifting
With the Department of Homeland Security.
By being a white, Catholic American
with Austrian perfection
i live in missouri and I've never even seen an arabic dude irl
Removing kebab
yep. Arnold's body is still aesthetically unmatched. he was the perfect human being in his prime
out of my way subhuman shits
with this
ISIS is making gains in Arabia
by being white
Imagine those solid rock muscles flying towards innocent bystanders after he explodes. That's a smart terrorist right there.
Kek
His abs are too undefined. Everything else is great though.
liking huge muscles for what purpose?

by letting him blow himself up at his local marketplace
those muscles are filled with explosives dont be fooled
 that dude arabyou fucks are so uncultured.
persians arabs strongAll top strength record holders are white men
with a large caliber handgun... Think Indiana Jones...
he's brown, has a big black beard and bombhat, he's one of them
sportsmen, how do you compete in THIS? Seriously, I have no idea what the fuck is going on, but them's a bunch o' beefy dudes playing competitive grabass.
ITS TIME TO OIL UP
slavswhite men
Lithuanians aren't slavs.
american education at workThe guy in OPs pic is sikh you inbreds.
Are sikhs or muslims allowed to use anabolic steroids? You see a lot of retarded steroid abuse by guys with less than a year in the gym not to mention all the synthol clowns all from the middle east.
I'm Arab and I'm weak as piss. There are a few cool Arabs but then there are lots of "wallah bro" Lebs who are basically 3abeed-tier.
90% of people are dyel as fuark, so any body that looks athletic is good. Also, that guy scares girls, he's too big.inb4 the grapes are too sour.
Surpassed by Zyzz soz breh.
yeah I know his body is sickwhat's it to ya
not posting the funny image
Is it true that elevators/lifts are the Arab's natural enemy after the Jew?
they are like 12-15 year olds..
We just bomb the shit out of THAT.
I want my bf to look like that :3
By not doing 9/11.
Professional grab ass with wrestlingThat looks like a bad ass sport
s t e r o i d s
Daily reminder that you guys ignore women in your league while pursuing those who are out of your league
b-but i don't even leave my house
fuck you. i deserve a 8/10 qt
Are women in my league not fat? If not, I would rather die alone
I don't ignore or pursue anyone though.
But I would fuck the shit out of her.
leagueget this normie shit out of here
I don't pursue women.I'm an amateur radio operator, my flat is stuffed with antennas because my landlord won't let me use the attic.Any women would nope out anyway.
not true
Lol
i have a VERY particular taste is women. i am obsessed with the unrealistic idea of finding my soulmate, and if we dont fully connect; into the trash.
Lego-chan is pretty qt doe
implying I pursue womenI am currently trying to force myself to become gay so I won't have to do that
What?I ignore all women.
Agreed
I don't see what people find ugly about her. Sure, her cheeks are huge and square, but the rest of her is cute.
We'd settle for her, but she wouldn't settle for us.Modern feminism has taught women that they can always do better, so even the fattest of trolls think they deserve their 6'2" tall dark & handsome knight in shining armour.
i find her sagging breasts and belly combo to be particularly stiffy inducing
THE JAW
A former classmate did a thread about her, said she never really had a bf while in his or college
I wouldn't even settle for her unless she had a good personality and I am a kissless virgin

I've been looking for this gif. Thanks
When people say "in your league", are they talking only about looks?Should I be aiming for women who are horrible cunts because I am less attractive?
Been saying this since 2010Female kvs are out of male jobs leagues by definition
Wrong. I don't pursue women at all. But yes I do yearn for the women who are out of my league and would never date them if they weren't better looking than me. Your standards shouldn't be lowered just because you're ugly.
daily reminderyou dont have to tell me, I got standards that my body cant cash, and I'm aware of it, been aware of it for yearsand I wont ever change that, its more likely that I actually start improving myself than lowering my standardsbut I think Ill keep posting tfw no gf for a while longer
qt normie girl in hotpantsin my league no just no
i drive a car
existing
there's something inside you
depression is realI suffer from anxietyI think I'm superior to normies
is it me?
Its-its coming ouuuut.

Its hard to explain
I'm honestly just so sad and I'm sorry if that;s gay.
I guess what I'm saying is I don't mean to be a downer I'm just not happy, but I don't mean to be a depressed faggot. I'm sorrhy to everyone for being upset all the time
I just maybe wanted to say this somewhere except for to myself. It's cool to just be able to say I'm sad, anonymously
I understand. Don't worry about it, pal.
Thank you, that means more than you know
I'm going to just type a lot oif dumb stuff here cause /b/ moves really fast and i actuakkt do want to talk to people without the thread 404ing,My dad died from a heart disease recently and also I had to put my dog down although he was a very good dog and I loved him very much. I am fortunate that I got left a house and I just really work to keep myself busy since many, many people have to work a lot just to live. But I feel very alone, My dad was my only friend and my dog meant a lot to me although a lot of peoplethink thats really faggy, If you love an animal a lot. But he was really my buddy. Now I don't have anyone in real life. I don't have work for 3 days and I'm drunk so thats why I think I' making this thread which I normally wouldn;t. And I just wanted to say somewhere that I'm really upset and sad.
It's okay to be sad, just remember that is is a phase it you will get over it sooner or later
I usede to take take my dog for a walk and it was my favorite part of the day. I took him to the path behind my house and he always loved it and I fed him when we got back and he wa so happy to just eat and hang out with me, And I just loved him a lot and now it's only me in the house. I think because i didn't do good in school and I was a faggot to my dad thats why I have to be alone now. But I guess you don't realize how important things are when you're young. I just want things to be how they wersw. I love my dog a lot and I miss him so much and I miss my dad being here even though I didn't talk to him enough. I always ingored him and went on the computer and I should have talked to him more. I'm a reallty shitty selfish person and I should have been around more.
You're making me sad, man.
I miss my dad being here even though I didn't talk to him enough. I always ingored him and went on the computer and I should have talked to him more. I'm a reallty shitty selfish person and I should have been around more.Thank you for sharing your wisdom with us.
not everyone is the same
Sad Because I'm sad. It can't stop.
DudeJust take an ssriIt takes one appointment with a general practitioner and the pills are cheap as hellThere is literally no reason not to if you are always sad and don't know why
you will never spend 14 years chained to a small plot of land
I think the side effects of these pills are often looked over. I took them for a few weeks and i felt way worse. After that i had a lot of therapy and i now take a very small dose of paroxetine
You will if you get an adjustable rate mortgage
did anyone see the reactions to that snake?pretty sad, but pretty funny toopoor snake
When you think about it...You already are.
tfw no stoner gf
I am tired of seeing this ugly sluts face. She's done multiple scenes with niggers to. What is wrong with you people?
This. I mean wtf, the bitch is severely overrated.
she's a qt
She's done multiple scenes with niggers to.What part of this do you not understand?
why didnt you save her, /r9k/
She's a pornstar?! I thought she was a model for a clothing line.
doing drugs
Can't be serious right?
tfw no Canadian gf.
Not everyone has autism who constantly forces the "le racist!" meme.
honestly remy has poor facial aesthetics
Do you watch her nigger scenes? If so how are you not ashamed of yourself?
Who is this scrotum specter
Remy LacroixDon't care
Remy is too beautiful for porn ;_;
You are a filthy cuckfag. There is plenty of girls, much better looking girls to, that don't fuck niggers. Watch them instead. They need support.
Calls me cuck"They need support."you're literally a cuck for those pornstarsoh it's beautiful how the universe works
Unlike you I don't get triggered by black people. Go back to Reverse!Tumblr/pol/ and keep your autism there.
This is something a cuck would say.
tfw just wanna feel like am in highschool with a female againAm 25
thank fuck for that,i hate fucking junkies
roasties REEEEEEEEEEEE
I had a stoner gf and she was boring as fuck and annoying. I smoke weed but the whole "stoner culture" is fucking retarded.
Why is she so perfect bros?
flat chest and loose asshole, best qualities in a woman
what do you think about this jewel?
Women cannot manage being a fucking adult about weed. They are all extremely childish about it. No thanks.
Why do girls pretend to like weed?
ever since I started smoking weed I don't even bother fucking with girls who aren't stoners. I don't see the point of being with someone when we can't junglebox it then take a shower and have amazing stoned sex right after
Is there some sort or database where it lists pornstars who have had sex with black men?
I would love to know this to.
tfw gf who actually smokes weed and isn't a faggot about itbut then she's like a dude in a lot of ways i guess
ask Asian male white female guy the next time he posts. he always seems to know that information.
Also extremely fucking annoying.
i have never seen a girl who is able to take a decent bong rip and doesn't do it for views on the internet. tfw no qt heroin gf
I wouldn't mind a girlfriend who smokes weed, it would be hypocritical of me to expect her not to use any drugs since I drink so much, but I don't want a "stoner" girlfriend, not interested in all the retarded "culture".Also, why the fuck are "onesies" a thing that adults apparently wear now?They can't be significantly warmer that wearing sweatpants and a jumper, and are surely inconvenient.Also they are made in the image of animals, as if they were children's clothes.
I've been down that road, anon. it's nowhere near as exciting and romantic as it seems.
bong ripStupid in the first place. Inhaling smoke is damaging your lungs.
It always baffles me how people post this kind of stuff to social media all the time, but they never get arrested.If I used social media and I saw people I knew doing this, I'd go full /snitch/, but alas.
she aint. too big ass, too little boobs. her face is cute though
Stoner girls tend to be of the type who'll blow the dealer for weed.So, be careful what you wish for.
too big assyou must be irish
stoner chicks are toxic m8, you're better off without them.
Welcome to the Robot GF MarketplaceWe have a number of GFs available. Femanon's have conveniently listed their Skype,contact info, hobbies, interest, and even location for you itt. Please contact the GF of your choosing for a happy and prosperous courtship. Thanks for visiting, and have a lovely day
Are trades welcome here? I'm poor so I don't have much to offer..
Reminder
But the security stopped me from entering the store.
How do i appky?
rollin
Qaterjd
roll
i just want a high quality non primitive white girlfriend
/soc/Also kill yourself
im saving this image this timeeveryone reading this should too
Get
implying I want a gfimplying 3D  2D
dear femanons, how does it feel to be made redundant?
bad tbhI'm a girl btw
Probably how you feel when you remember dildo and vibrators I guess.Really though, I'm all for fleshlights. They seem fun and Id probably get one if I had a penis. And I have a daki myself.

Women need relationships to be fulfilled and has gross roasties while men are strong and independent. Feels good to be male masterrace.
Girls couldn't care less about males being able to satisfy themselves. They can go get a new penis whenever they want, and the thirst is real.
Girls couldn't care less about males being able to satisfy themselves. They can go get a new penis whenever they want, and the thirst is real.If that were true then they wouldn't be so pissed off about the MGTOW movement.
Waifu threesome. Nice! Which one are you going to pump and dump? There can only be one waifu in the end.
I do sad things like this too. My mom once had to sit me down and talk about whether I am actually eating all the carrots she buys each week, we then went out shopping spent an hour looking for a "hairbrush".
Honestly? Until Chad starts doing it shit like this gets a laugh out of me at best and cringe at worst.
b8/10
undesirables removing themselves from the dating poolWho's pissed?Stay mad
And I have a daki myself.be my gf
Yeah, but you're a girl. My mom used to wash my cumstained blankets without a word and then laugh at me about it, but it WAS pretty fucking funny.
Post more Patchouli.
he says this on the "tfw no gf" board
nice try but vibrators don't come with beta bux you dumb whore
strong and independentwe're all a bunch of NEETS and failed normieseh
Who's pissed?You'll be when you can't find a beta provider to settle when you're in your 30s.
independentWell we've got the independent part, unless you're still in your mother's basement.
Are you saying I don't belong here because I don't long after a roastie to keep my cuck warm?Not all NEETs want to be normies
undesirables removing themselves from the dating poolWho's pissed?Apparently there's a large number of women who don't like this.
It's a fucking onahole loosely attached to a dakimakura. It definitely doesn't make me redundant.
it pretty much does, though
revenge fantasySTAY MADTAYMADWhere can I find those women?Stay mad.
my waifu has sex with me daily, my living quarters are small enough that cleaning is an effortless task and i'm willing to bet i'm a better cook than you.there is nothing left you can offer me
It's not sex, it's masturbation, and I probably could do that better than "her".
Reminder that all females, every last one, are abhorring.
You also are a bitch, you would talk about dumb shit, demand that OP change his ways and generally be a selfish princess cunt that lets him have nothing for himself anymore. Men only put up with your shit because you have a warm hole that feels nice to put penises in. This has ALWAYS been the case.
mad as fuck
undesirablesThis is funny because women are pissed.Just because they're ugly doesn't mean they have nothing of value.They have more money than "desirables" could dream of making.
You don't even know me and how I act.
invalidated as fuck
please explain, in-depth, how you are and how you act, so that each and every peruser of this thread can judge for themselves whether or not you are truly comparable to madanimereactionimagefriend.
being this desperate trying to convince himself other people give a shit about himI'M VALUABLE, I SWEAR!Y-YOU WANT MUH MONIES DON'T YOU?? ;_;
Where can I find those women?I wouldn't know. Let me know if you do; I want to see how these people tick.
I don't want to.
probablyi'm sensing doubt in your post. admit it, you are some fat, used up has been. chad no longer loves you and neither does anyone else. you never were good enough for anything but warming someones dick and now you aren't even good enough for that. enjoy being alone for the rest of your life living with nothing but the memories of the goold ole days when you were still welcome on the carousal.
Wrong, I'm actually really underweight and a virgin, which is why I have some doubts. Chad never wanted me in the first place.
I need nothing from you and you need nothing from me. I stick to 2D as do you. That is all.
hawk?
n-no
fantasykik
Is that a real no or a fake no?I hope she didn't really kill herself.
It was a fake no.
Please don't toy with me.There is one thing I can say to see if your post is true.You can't do better than the toy because toys don't have smegma.
I remember that thread. Fun times.
tfw I almost fell for anon's liesBtw, new nobunaga game hits in September. ps3/4, and pc.
What lie? It's actually me. Can't you see the tripcode?
I meant anons on /a/ saying you killed yourself when you stopped posting since March.
People were saying that about me? I hope they were saying that as a theory, not as a fact. I was just taking a pause from 4chan. I can't die before knowing how Berserk ends.
implying Miura himself won't die before it endsIt started as obvious lying, but more anons started saying and believing it over time. I haven't been there in a while myself, but it looked to be about 50% "glad he's gone" and 50% "wish she were back."
but it looked to be about 50% "glad he's gone" and 50% "wish she were back."Not bad, I guess.I've been lurking in the past weeks, but "my" threads aren't as common as they used to be, especially Watamote threads, they're very few and dead. Still had a nice Berserk thread yesterday at least. I'm considering getting into another fandom just so I have more threads to post in, but everything seems to suck.
Watamote's not dead. It just went back to how they used to be: a big thread or two around a new release, then some silence. The change in moderation is playing a big part, though. The more blog-like threads don't exist anymore, so non-release threads don't live long unless they're filled with trolls trolling each other.There's always k-on!! and Prison School, but there's probably nothing you'd want to dive in to that's not derived from a vn. Maybe you could try drive-by posting for a while?
well this thread got just a little off topic
The more blog-like threads don't exist anymore, so non-release threads don't live long unless they're filled with trolls trolling each other.That's a shame. Those threads were pretty fun, and we were still mostly on-topic in general.There's always k-on!! and Prison SchoolNot my types of story. Especially not k-on.but there's probably nothing you'd want to dive in to that's not derived from a vnHow come? Fate/stay night is the only anime derived from a VN that I watched.Maybe you could try drive-by posting for a while?What does that mean?Also, there's already a few things I plan on watching, but it's hard to get the motivation to start. Like the new Kuroshitsuji anime.
Well, anon does have a point. What does hawk have to offer over a patchymakura? She can't cook, you know.OH SHIT I JUST REMEMBERED SOMETHINGEXPLAIN YOURSELF, HAWK
dear 3dpd, how does it feel to be made redundant?
Someone find me the chart the shows women with more partners get more divorces.
Well, it's not the first or the last thread that I'll hijack.She can't cook, you know.I can cook a few things.EXPLAIN YOURSELF, HAWKExplain what? I don't think there's much to add here. Burger King tastes like charred carcass, and is overpriced. I hope I never have the displeasure of going back there.
likes black butlerdoesn't like k-onWhat am I supposed to feel?K-on is worth it for the animation and direction, alone. It deserves a few eps of your time.How come?If you want to post more, you'll want something deep and lengthy. "Everything seems to suck" because that's what happens with anime originals + catalog.drive-by postingHere is what you do.Go to the index. Turn on infinite scroll, and thread expansion for the small threads.Scroll through the index and read and post in as many threads as you can. Then, press i to reload the index and do it again. i because f5 will save your position.It works better on slower boards, but it's still useful on /a/.Also, any super oldfag will tell you the catalog has done massive damage to the overall posting quality on the site. You should always use the index!
You know damned well what you have to explain. McDonald'sdelicious and softI'm still in shock about what my eyes have shown to me. What kind of skelly are you? I've got to get rich so I can make you eat good stuff all over town.macdoodysdeliciousPS the buns are designed to repell liquids. That's how they got big, because the condiments didn't get the bun soggy by the time you got home. There's nothing soft about that!
What am I supposed to feel?Kuroshitsuji really doesn't deserve the bad reputation it gets on /a/. People make it out to be the gayest thing ever, but the main characters are straight, hate each other, and would NEVER fuck. It's a beautiful series overall, and my only problem with it is that it also has some of that embarrassing, childish, cringeworthy Japanese humor sometimes.K-on is worth it for the animationI don't know about the direction, but the animation looks awful from what I've seen. This show is only for people who want to watch "cute" girls doing things, and I have no interest in that.Here is what you do [...]Heh, I don't really want to do that kind of stuff. I don't want to post just for the sake of posting, and, believe it or not, I don't want just attention or something. Trust me, if I wanted attention, I could get it extremely easily. I want good discussions about things I care about.Also, any super oldfag will tell you the catalog has done massive damage to the overall posting quality on the site. You should always use the index!I use the index for regular browsing, but the catalog is just too useful to find my threads.It really is soft, though. And they have a remarkable consistency across their restaurants. They manage to make them feel and taste exactly the same everywhere.
I know right?
I like black butler, thought. Season one has a bad rep at least, because it got mangled to hell and back compared to the manga. I still need to read it.pleb opinions about k-onYou're too casual, it seems. Strange given how much detail you notice throughout Berserk. And you're entirely wrong about what the show's about. Your loss.I don't want to post just for the sake of postingYou said you wanted to "get into" a fandom so you could post more. Besides, it's not about posting just to post. It's about having a greater understanding of both a board's topic and it's culture inb4 muh board culture. Before the catalog, you couldn't post about x without knowing about x, because you would get zero replies. Moot calls generals containment threads for a reason.wanting attention from trollsTell me your secrets.praising wacdonaldsTheir bread tastes like rubber mixed with cardboard. If you eat good bread, you'll never think of them the same way again, and you're a skelly who doesn't smoke so your tastebuds should still be in great shape.
I like black butler, thought. Season one has a bad rep at least, because it got mangled to hell and back compared to the manga. I still need to read it.Oh nice, I thought you were another person who hated it without having watched it. Yeah, I need to read the manga as well.You're too casual, it seems. Strange given how much detail you notice throughout Berserk. And you're entirely wrong about what the show's about. Your loss.Well, I am a casual in term of anime, I never denied that. I watched under 15 in total. I think that I'm right about k-on, though. How often do you see people discussing the plot? Never. It's always the girls.You said you wanted to "get into" a fandom so you could post more.Yeah, but it has to be a fandom of something that I enjoy.Tell me your secrets.I don't have any, really. Sounds like a stereotypical normalfag advice, but all I do is really being myself. I don't go out of my way to get attention, I just post what and when I feel like.Their bread tastes like rubber mixed with cardboard.I completely disagree. I don't think that the bread has much taste at all, actually. All I care about is the meat and cheese in between it.Anyway, it's pretty late here and I wanna try sleeping. It was nice talking to you. Also, I'm flattered you recognized me even as anon. I hope you talk to you again later.
How often do you see people discussing the plot?Every thread. Even after all this time has passed since the anime and movies have ended. You sound just like the people you're hating on in regards to black butler. You just don't know how to spot the "real" threads from the shitposting / rp threads."Getting into" something is a bit of a red flag term for me. If you like something and want more of it, things will naturally happen. Fandom itself is something outside the scope of this convo, but I'd rather "get into" a new work than hang around the stagnant majority of folks who self-identify as part of a fandom for too long.I don't have any, reallyDamn. I want to consciously garner some orbiters, though. It's less fun when it happens naturally. I'm not a sociopath, honest!McD bread has a distinct taste to me, and bread is pretty important when it comes to sandwiches. The meat and cheese are another story. Then there's the rest of the toppings! I need to give your tongue a workout.It's late here, too. See you around, then. Sleep well.
Men and Women both need each other. Like Yin-Yang
this is why i want to shoot peoplewe need our boyfriendsneedif that were true i wouldn't be a 22 year old kv.
i think it's funny
redundantJesus christ, I wouldn't want any dick that stupid near me.
They're still pissed because men want to put them 'in the kitchen'.
My mother has never acknowledged anything like this even to the point of me bringing back some clothes home from university. She washed them and there was a condom in one of the pockets she just left it in my room wordless. When I lived at home, my room regularly smelt of farts and stale cum.
I can never bring myself to buy one of those. It's like buying crack. One I do it I won't be able to stop and what little respect I have in my community will turn into pity.
Seeing how I don't have a bf, it doesn't feel any different.
, 
Please, femanons... I need your help.NEETconsidering suicide a lotnearly tied up a rope yesterdaystepmom died a week agocan't get over drug habitsrockbottom.jpegIf you can just get on Vocaroo and say "I care about you, Anon. I will always love you and the trip to the park today was a special treat!", you'd make my entire life.Please..?
I can put on a pretty convincing girl voice and say the line if you'd like.
p...please no bully... ;_;
Faggot :^

give me a few minutes, i have a really shitty micwhile i'm setting up, any particular name you want me to use?
too late
Not OP, but nice voice you have.
thanksi hope he's just asleep
Yup, that was nice. Your good deed for the day:
qt
dreams, anon-kun
I just have one question be my gf?
i'm a grill btw
holy shit
thanks:
not op, but that was good, i hope he sees it
be melook on /r9k/see anon genuinely asking for helpjust have to record my voice to help himopen up Vocarootfw no microphonetfw mutetfw incapable of helpingI-I'm so sorry, OP.

nice voicethis is a good kind of nasally voice, mine is just fucking terrible. but i'm 90% sure its the mics fault. i like my voice in person but its shit over the internet.
Thank you manVocaroo kinda fucks up the audio tho
Wont let me talk with my mic headset
yw anon
is that you filthy frank?

try a photo with a timestamp and a smile. Would do wonders
See the "Anonymous" above my post? It's there because I want to stay anonymous.Sorry.
for you, OP! Make sure the entire life you mentioned is lengthy and capped by a peaceful and fulfilled death at an old age! Love you!
femanons if you're still herei have no friends, i'm 27, and i wonder if it's ever possible for me to meet a girl and become intimate with heri could lie and say "they moved out"
you will never have qt mute gf say tell you she loves you in sign languageWhy even live?
What the fuck?What does "they moved out" have to do with anything?
Nothing better for anxiety/depresion than some dank sativa cannabisDont believe the lies it can be good for you
Believe me, being mute sucks.When I go out, people start flirting. When I'm not interested and shake my head, they think I'm being cutsey and shy.I almost always have to get pushy.The stories I could tell.
I can't stop listening to this, fucking succubus REEEEEEEERER REREEEEEEEEEEE!!!!! AHHHHHHBHHH! STOP! leave! God why do you come here WHY?!?!?! LEAVE US ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!!
The stories I could tellTell them you fucking tease

Alright, jesus.First things first: I _lost_ my voice, I wasn't born without it. I don't know everything, but basically I got in a fight and they got fucked up due to a knife slash.Problem is, the whole thing was traumatizing and I can't remember it myself. Whole thing's just witnesses.be mego to bar with best friendI communicate via sign language, but always carry some paper and a few pens for backuporder Ipanema, didn't feel like getting drunk that eveningfriend goes to take a shitfeel somebody grabbing my assturn aroundcliché sleazeballtell him to fuck off in sign language you know, middle finger"Playin' hard to get, eh? Alright, I'll play your game."whatthefuck.tiffstart writing a notegrabs my paper, throws to the ground"C'mon, stop playing the mute cutsey girl."Invading personal space, I feel a bit intimidated.ohshitminorities.jpgPush him away.He fucking slaps me in the face"You oughta learn some respect."Bar's gone silent, only the barkeeper behind me phoning the cops.Nobody's doing anything, just watching.Remember I wear steel-capped boots.Kick his nuts as hard as I can.Pisses himself and passes out.I got banned from that pub. Fuck the keeper.
i dunno, they could be far away and i keep contact through internet only
you go anon 3 please dont kill yourself :
cute :3
that was pretty solid dude

Dunno. I imagine dudes would like a girl who can stand her own ground and hold up in a fight.You protect me, I protect you, ya know.
So you're a mute amazon then?

Another one from before I got the high-functioning sociopath I am.be in schoolwhole thing happened during school timedecide to stay in school, we devise a solution involving paper and a front seatvery shy, but quite happylove math and computer scienceboy stands in front of my desk in a break, while I'm doing some homeworkI'm in hyperfocushe clears his throatlook up and smile at himhe blushes, obviously very nervousvery slowly and trembling, he starts "speaking" sign language"Hey there, how are you?"smile at him and answer "Hi, I'm good. You know I'm mute, not deaf, right?"he blushes even more and rushes back to his seatWasn't the end of it.next daypasses me a note during lesson"Sorry about yesterday. I brought some cake for lunch. Want some?"We had lunch together that day.
3/10 made me cringe
That's adorable tbh
When you're mute, you can't cry out for help properly and I refuse to carry a fucking rape whistle.Rape whistles are carried by weak, pathetic women who feel like they're potential victims all the time.Additionally, carrying it around with me all day... I'd feel like I'm accusing every man around me of being a rapist all the time.I do consider myself a feminist, but I believe that as long as women victimize themselves and don't accept their natural disadvantages as given, they deserve to be oppressed.I got a potentially weaker body and am not tall. No matter how much I train, MOST men who train just as much would e.g. be better soldiers. I think that's great, makes for great natural diversity.Doesn't mean I'm weak though.
I do consider myself a feministYou were almost perfect9/10
Rape whistles are carried by weak, pathetic women who feel like they're potential victims all the time.Additionally, carrying it around with me all day... I'd feel like I'm accusing every man around me of being a rapist all the time.That's some of the worst logic I've heard all day.
tfw I will never meet a grill with these viewsFeels bad
Nobody cares faggot
What, just because I refuse to accept that "feminism" now stands for "hating men"?Do I need a new word to distance myself from the miserable excuses for women who don't know what equality means?Would make me just as weak as them. And the fact that you're hell-bent on accepting their definition makes you as bad as them.Guess what, I don't. I don't act like them, that should be enough for anyone. Call me equalist for all I care.
you're the only feminist i've been able to tolerate. you seem like a qt anime girl. too bad i'm a broke hikki
Egalitarian, it's fancy and french
Why? A rape whistle is used to call for help. If you feel the need to run around with it all day, you're weak and paranoid about what can happen to you.I am well-aware that there are rapists actual rapists, not the stare-rape bullshit tumblr-cunts spout all day I guess the day may come when not only can't I evade them, but am also overpowered.But that's like saying "better not cross any roads, a car might show up at 200 mph and hit you". I'm gonna take that risk.And I think I'm doing mankind a favor when I kill some rapist's nuts anyway. Win/win situation.
wouldhavemutebabieswith/10
Oh man this is my first visit to robot land and Guys I am so high right now this has been the best thread ever. I'm still gonna be laughing about it tomorrow during my double shift. mutechan new queen plz
That _does_ have a nice ring to it. Thanks, you're cool.Women deserve equal rights, but that doesn't translate to ignoring biological disadvantages. You go "sorry, but having you as a soldier would put the squad at risk" and you're correct. Won't complain."Women shouldn't be allowed to work" on the other hand is wasted potential. So far, though, nobody has said that to me.Tumblr-fags need to face it: The "patriarchy" they know is part imaginative and part self-induced.
I don't think what's basically a slit throat can be inherited.Also, sex with me isn't all that great. My moans sound like I'm fucking suffocating.While I'm here, might as well hijack the thread: Ask a mute anything.
I'm fairly sure that what's basically a slit throat can't be inherited.Also, sex with me is... weird. My moans sound like I'm suffocating.Fuck it, might as well hijack: Ask a mute anything.
What's the best part?
What kind of other sounds can you still make then?
hell I think thrall likes you OP.
Also, sex with me isn't all that great. My moans sound like I'm fucking suffocatingMeh I don't do sex before marriage anyway so things like that aren't really important to me.Ask a mute anything.Does your throat feel different than a non-slit one
Can you whistle? Or could you or is it impossible?
Of being a mute? About 2000€ per month for the rest of my life paid by the fucker who silenced me.He's living on minimum subsistence level and his job covers about half of it, rest is paid by ze fatherland. And boy does he deserve it.One hell of a court case, I'll tell you that.

completely agree actually. no problem with women being equal, no problem with niggers being equal. big problem when women and niggers start thinking they're superior and respectively get tumblr/ferguson on your ass.
Ugh I hate your need to remain anonymous I wanna know like everything about the court case but have to wake up in 8 hours to work for 16 hours
This is how a chad life begins.makes a few friends at primary schoolplays out with them, meets girl-friendsgoes secondary school, has friends from primary so his confidence is high enough to cope in a new environment. His old girl-friends are now being fucked.Finishes school, has the confidence to any job. Drives a car real early, more friends, more girlsbecomes manager, more girls, more friends.
Since whistling is caused by airflow, I can do it. I'm shit at it, though.... rasp, whistle and I guess I can breathe audibly by pulling in air and tightening my throat.It's difficult to describe. They had to remove the shredded vocal chords and that left some scars in my throat. It's a bit numb there.I also had a sore throat for two months after the paramedics helped me dodge the bullet. They basically stuffed my throat with gauze and left some room for breathing. I almost bled out.
Wanna stay awake? I can summarize.
Yes plzDramatic in court moments are my fav
OP, but I feel better. Thanks.
Not him, but sure.
Yeah, I get out early. if you wanna roll through the process of the most of the time. But usually ships in my life, and then I will be done. the. the. zip file with the help of my favorite is the most important things to be a good time for the weekend and I have to be pointed at least a little more.
"Can't get over drug habits... uh- you know, why would you want to?"God damn, you have a nice voice and you're funny.Actually blushing because of your voice. Okay.
You have any questions about this topic is not the intended recipient of the day. it was not necessary to make sure you get to the Yellow Brick Road, San Antonio, and then just let it go. I'll try again later today or tomorrow morning and then you will be able to come down to earth.
Do you have a bf? How's life as a mute in general?inb4 london, just hoping you're happier than most of us here
Thanks again for your business and leisure travelers and I will debate that to the grave. the only one of my favorite part was the first one to be able to message me back and forth between us and our family and friends of mine who are not a good time.
Personal highlight was after the witnesses were heard."Yeah... I admit, I did that. I had no choice though.""Why?""She attacked me with a knife, even injured my arm"Actually, he tried to rob me with a knife and I countered like I learned it. Wanted to disarm him, but he twisted his arm and I accidentally stabbed him.Chaos ensues.I jump from my chair and try to scream at him with the rage of a thousand /b/tards.Bad idea, surgery was not too long ago.Stinging pain, wound is partially opened again, bleed all over my desk.My lawyer is a former corpsman, patches me up.Bailiff escorts my friend was in the audience to support me from the court room for trying to assault the fucker.Jailed for 3 days, with the judge saying "I can understand you, but this is a court and you'll have to behave."Dude got 10 years for attempted murder. I sued him for 20000€, the judge went "Actually, since you're scarred for life, how's 2000€ per month sound?"
No it's not you fucking retard.It's like saying I shouldn't carry this first aid pack with me on a trip because chances are I wouldn't even be injured in the first place. The girls carrying something around doesn't mean they anticipate using it.I don't care whether you carry a rape whistle or not, it's not even a thing where I live. But sounds to me you are desperately trying to rationalize why you are better than those girls because they need something to feel secure and you don't, when you sound pretty scared of the risks yourself given how much thinking you've done on it.Goddamn when will thirsty fucks stop bringing their "tfw no gf" feels to a completely irrelevant conversation? Holy shit.
pathetic thread. kill yourself.
I don't currently have a bf. Remember the cutie from  ?He was my first bf and we stopped dating due to him moving away. I never met someone like him again. He was my first and only bf.
If your happiness depends on some random whore telling you that everything is okay when it clearly isn't, you have nothing to live for anyway.
No idea what the heck are you doing today and tomorrow night and I willing to pay for the $ surgery. he was a great way to get the best of luck with that said I should say something like that.
If you're gonna resort to petty insults, I don't think I need to talk to you. I also find people liketo be flattering. So can it.
Forgot the "How's life as a mute in general" part.It sucks, but I'll manage. I cried for the loss of my voice for quite some time, but that's also the time when I realized that there's only one way to deal with life's hardships:1. Suck it up.2. Adapt.I get looked at funny and I hate people treating me with pity, but I've learned to write really fast. So, conversations are possible, if a bit slower.
Thank you based new queen. I can sleep soundly now. I CoMoFo pledge myself to your rule.
baww ur insulting meIs that really all you have to say for yourself? I was right wasn't I?I also find people liketo be flattering. So can it.As expected of a female who browses this shithole
I do consider myself a feminist, but I believe that as long as women victimize themselves and don't accept their natural disadvantages as given, they deserve to be oppressed.You're everything right with feminism.
What's your email address?
We have a disagreement. That is no reason to get insulting. I disagree with you and there's nothing you can do about it. People have different opinions and insulting won't change that.Dude... can't we just be buddies? I'm really uncomfy.
Wait, that situation sounds more like HS, did this shit happen when you were that young or am I just misinterpreting? And you still reversed shanked the guy? DayumDo you think it makes other people that uncomfortable? I'm not exactly in a position to be choosy, but don't think that'd really turn me off, less so than a more physically crippling thing in fact. You ever try hitting on people yourself?
Fine by me, catch ya later
getting a job isn't really that hardREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
pls move to germany and marry me
Is this your first day on 4chan?faggot cunt nigger cuck retard whoreas long as women victimize themselves and don't accept their natural disadvantages as given, they deserve to be oppressed.Or maybe not, considering that you've actually bought into the SJW/r9k/ rhetoric that real life women think like that. Do you honestly believe that the vast majority women aren't aware that their demographic is on average a lot weaker?I'm not going to bother talking to you anymore. Keep pandering to the losers here if it makes you feel better.
HSWhat does it stand for?when you were that youngTeenage years. When I was about 17. Like I said, I don't remember the details, but apparently I tried to disarm him, he stabbed at me and I shanked him. Then he cut my throat and, well, that incapacitated me, obviously.Was near a hospital, so I was really lucky.It makes people uncomfy, yeah. And I have tried hitting on people, but I get funny and sceptic looks when I hand them a paper going "Hi, my name is Anon.".Flattering that it wouldn't turn you off though.
Probably a good idea. Whether you believe me or not won't change my perspective.
How long have you been mute?
Well, since I was 17. When this fight happened.And before anyone asks why I'm decent in a fight: When I was the nerdy chick, 14 or 15, I got beat up a lot. When I complained, people told me to toughen up.So I did. The incident threw me back a bit, though and I'm still somewhat shy.Being shy doesn't mean I back away from a fight, though. Shy, not cowardish.
You should play in the next Mad Max.
I always wondered how it would be if I had a voice actor in a movie.I'd need one for EVERY language, though. Lip syncing would be a job I do NOT want to do, the poor voice actor would start crying, trying to fit my mouth movements.
Did you forget how to move your mouth or something?
it really isnt. just lower your standards, you have no work experience or education. why not get a job at walmart/mcdicks? uneducated/inexperienced teens/immigrants get jobs there all the time. why do you think you are above them when you just shitpost here all day?
High school.So it was just a random mugging gone wrong?That's too bad, interest is interest. I'd probably be surprised, but would just introduce self and offer number to make talkin easier or something. Some fitassuming based on ability to destroy balls girl approaching should be pretty flattering regardless of details. You'll find somebody who doesn't care eventually.
Nope, but my voice actor would have to try and sync up with my mouth movements. If you don't actually hear the words you say, you move your mouth differently.Try it in the mirror. Read out a text aloud, then try to imitate the mouth movements without making a sound. Not too easy.
What does it look/sound like when something makes you want to laugh real hard?
You're really nice.But yes, was a random mugging gone wrong. I live in a really fucked up city in Germany. Bulgarian gangs trying to get a hold of the northern city districts. Turkish and Croatian immigrants being attacked because gangs think they're trying the same thing.Results in more gangs, drug abuse, homeless guys... it's a shite situation if you're a girl and have to live there. Muggings are a common thing. When I'm done with university, I'm outta there.Until then, my boots and mace will keep me safe.
Imagine somebody exhaling audibly, with a bit of rasping in there.Otherwise, I just make the usual laughing motions. Creeps some people out as well.
Batman?
OP GETS CONSTRUCTIVELY REKT
Be my gf
Yaaawwn whatever roastie
What are you hoping to achieve with this post? You're aware that it probably means jackshit to her?
Ah, that makes sense. What are you going for in uni?Maybe it's a cultural thing thing, people are generally getting more and more readily accepting of that kind of thing here in murica, and being a girl naturally doesn't hurt. Good luck over there.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE TUMBLR LEAVE MY 5CHAN MOOT MOOT MOT
Computer science, minoring in rehabilitation technology.PCs, embedded systems, smartphones and the internet help me communicate with others. While it IS personal preference computer science and math FASCINATE ME it's also kind of a vocation.To most of you, this is probably just another way of communicating with people. One that is maybe even a bit tedious, seeing how talking is faster. Very understandable.For me, though, talking to you guys on here means so, so much more. It's a place where I'm on equal terms when it comes to communicating.Having a conversation IRL is just not the same to me. I constantly feel like I'm handicapped, which is true.Also, flirting is really fucking difficult.This is probably why I'm asking for, well, questions. Because writing here is something very special to me. Maybe it does make me an attention whore, but I'm willing to accept it. Helps to cope.
implying I give a good goddamn
I literally kek'd at this exchange.Does that qualify as meaning jackshit to me?
CHAOSHAOS
That's cool. I majored in CS for a bit, like the concepts but just couldn't hang. I ended up in psychology. I can relate a little bit to majoring in something that helps you, I used to sort of think of ways to handle my own depression with the stuff I learned.What you're saying makes sense though, you can talk like anybody else here and no self consciousness about it.Tell me about it, ha. Hard enough when you can talk.Everybody posts here because they want attention, really. Even if it's just shitposting, everybody just wants to be acknowledged deep down with a reply. Some are just more open about it.
Well, I'm gonna dothe favor then. You're welcome, anon.
I'm a 22 year old uni student and every kmart/mcdonalds etc have all trashed my glorified resume. Never even a call back.
I'm sure he smiled wherever he is.That's because those places would rather hire high school dropouts with no expectations. They also get more apps then they know what to do with. Apply at bookstores, tech stores, somewhere where they need somebody capable of doing more than asking if the customer wants fries.
What videogamesWill you be playing today?Risk of Rain, for me.
I'll be playing tf2Have fun with risk of rain! I also have that game :^
Skyrim
Hatred. Gonna go for extreme difficulty.
haitani dont play makoto anymore :
Notem Portant is a good protagonist.
im about to start a new campaign on napoleon total war. i think i'll go Russians this time
Anno 2070, Civ 5, Shogun 2 Maybe some LoL but probably not.
Haven't been playing anything due to studying abroad but I just ordered Ace Combat 3ds and Ace Combat 6
impressive haiku faggot.
Valkyria chronicles, league
Finishing witcher 3
Hearthstone
I've redownloaded Db Xenoverse
Anyone wanna play anything? Recently I've been playing 100% Orange Juice, Killing Floor, Left 4 Dead 2, No More Room in Hell and tf2 ;All on Steam
You are a faggotI'll beat you at street fighterBut thanks for the praise
All I play anymore is monster strike
I just got back into Football ManagerProbably the worst decision I've made all year
Probably continue Hotline Miami 2 to clear it on hard while trying to get A+.Then Uncharted.
Victoria 2 and possibly Katawa Shoujo
I would love to still be able to play singleplayer games but I will end playing LoL or csgo again and again, and rage about being bad even after years of playing them.
I'm going to play League of Legends and I'm going to have fun!
I have Orange JuiceGot it cheap, but I don't playWhat even is it?
witcher 3massive chalicemaybe some halo odst
Thinking of what to play next.I was playing Skyrim for a few hours but now I feel like a change of pace.
Already played some Sonic generations, will probably play some more soon enough.While not vidya, I'll go down to my local /tg/ club and play some Warhammer 40k later.I'm also considering replaying Final fantasy 9.
I would said League but that game is cancer. EVE it is. Im just waiting for corecraft really.
Another day of staring at my list of games on Steam I guess.Maybe open up DotA for a game, maybe a level of Hatred, but I've honestly lost all interest in games altogether, the only hobby i've ever really had.
wow wothotscall me a pleb but i have friends there and enjoy it alot
I don't know. I bought a Vita, buy I'm not really into JRPG's. Persona 3 seems like such a hassle to get into
still can't play legion TD cause my computer is broken.
2nd playthrough of borderlands2. Suikoden II. Infinite Undiscovery or Dark Cloud 2.
pleb
bought a vitanot into JRPGswhat the fuck were you thinking?
It was cheap, I had some PSOne games that I wanted to replay and I want to play Virtue's Last Reward.
Try Danganronpa. VN made by same devs. You're trapped in a school with 15 other kids who are the best at what they doathletics, writing, etc, and the only way out is to kill someone and not get caught during a trial. Has some leaps of logic and is a lot more colorful/poppy tthan 999, but plenty of dark comedy, tragedy, and terrible truths. Worth trying for sure if you like 999/vns and one of the vitas best
Not him but is it worth it at all if /v/ has spoiled me on "who did it" in both games?
Any robots wanna coop some dark souls 2 or demon souls on ps3?
sorry no gaming todayI'm all about the anime, boys
Conception 2
You mean like the mastermind behind setting up the killing games? Its very surprising to uncover who it is in both games so it will hurt the experience yes, but theres still other secrets to uncover, plus you don't know each chapters deaths. v is fucking horrible, sorry that happened m8
Divinity Dragon CommanderIn order from best to worst wife Dwarf-AidaUndead-Ophelia Elf-LohannahLizard-CamilaCamila would be higher up however she clearly shows a desire to rule over your kingdom. The Lizards need to learn respect.
finally get around to p4 goldenfirst time on ps2 i ducked up and got the bad end to I took my time and did every dungeon and maxed all social links on first play throughsaved marie because she's canon waifunear end game said all my good byes and had the happy ending with my friends running with the train to say goodbye read that there was still on more fucking boss to fightI was so sure that there was no more to this game that I saved over the previous save fileFucking kill me for being a casual shit
What are you watching?
Elder Scrolls OnlineProbably switching to Final fantasy xiv soon though, I have dominated Cyrodiil for months now
grinding Heroes of the Storm
Shame shame shame
Christ I hope that doesn't happen to meFootball Manager is worse than crack
I just finished playing FF14 for now, got a bunch of gathering gear for miner and melded materia onto it.Gotta farm Umbral Rocks for some Forager's shit now.
NG+ it, nigger
I'm already in June since last night. Fucking christ still can't get over what happened and I'm actually just gonna stick to one waifu this time. Cucking the main cast made me feel weird.
next step?
next short it to:do you want to go out?
remove from friends
this was from another thread about a week ago and everyone made fun of him for being beta
off urself m8
Haha that was my friend such a hacker XD
Ask "are you sure?" and send a pic of you standing by your Lambo
so since we both have no feelingsfwb?
I'm a girl and if a guy asked me that I'd ask him if the "benefit" was me getting paid to be his friend.
GET OFF MY BOARD
I don't think you like me like that Why would you shoot yourself in the fucking foot right away? I bet you've only met this person casually or as a friend of a friend.
thats why you are a prostitute
this shit againI'll give you the same answer like last time. "I mean I don't think you like me like that but just thought I would ask"You've destroyed your chances with that sentence alone.
I said "be his friend" not "fuck him"
what if i pressed my erect penis against you while we were both wearing clothes?would it arouse you?
We can still hang out though, right? Have some faffs and laffs?
hey, OP i've been in similar shit. The key is not to make woman uncomfortable, say some stupid shit who cares if you can make her laugh. And do not ever, never ask her out like that, that is fucking pathetic.You are literally begging her to go out with you while downgrading yourself hoping to earn her sympathy.What i would do, is ask her if she is free during the week/weekends, suggest "hang out", she might ask you if its a date or she might not ask you if its a date it deosnt matter alotJust act cool and be funny and friendly, dont act like you are always available to her, aka dont act like her slave. And just have fun and see if she likes you or not, if she doesnt. just move on.Hope that helped
Oh look, a repost.
heeeeeey faaaag kill yourself!
this fat tub of shit is marrying his dream girl while I'm sitting here slowly drinking myself to sleepSuch is life
There is no love in her eyes, she is not even looking at him.
maybe you can make your pain into art somehow, or maybe you can use it as fuel
/drunk/ thread?/drunk/ thread.I'm taking shots of Fireball atm. Go ahead and call me a pleb, I don't care.
Ayy lmao
Your in luck OP, that guy doesn't realize he is going to get divorce in a few years and end up having to pay child support/alimony.
I mean...come the fuck on
Have you ever considered the fact that maybe he deserves her and you don't
He must be richNo woman would do this otherwise
No, that's not possible.
Really?Because he's off on his honeymoon with the blonde and you're here.Posting on /r9k/.
She's gorgeous. Legit 9. I am impressed
I'd bet all my money that is her brother
JUST
story?
marry a desperate fat fuck with rich parents and/or good career prospectsmaybe pop out a kiddivorce him while you're still in your 20sget a life-long alimony from him + the 18 years child supportstill young, can still fuck around like crazy and have lots of moneyclever girl
Honestly looks more like a prom photo shoot and she's only going with him out of pity.
Fat rich fuck steals 10/10 from other peopleStory of ALL our lives
kissinghas hand on her assthis photobrother and sister
How old are they?
So how long were you pining after blondie before you realised it was never going to happen and she'd rather be with him than you?
Young, like 19-20
Someone explain
HS couple, guy gains a ton of weight, probably a former football player
even morbidly obese, chad still gets the girl
Any minority bros here? Only non-whites are allowed to post in this thread.tfw no beautiful white girl to lick my spic ass
tfw no white girl to suck my dick right after I take it out of her ass
tfw filipino
How tall?
Im a little guy
Mixed black/white dude here with a hair question.When I get a cut my hair is nice and straight for about a month and change, but it slowly devolves into a curly afro mess. I hate that. Anything I can use to keep it straight?
Try removing your negro genes
4u
XDAnyway, anyone got any ideas?
Who else /white/ here?
Puerto Rican hereI got the same problem as you. My hair is pretty nice and white man like while short. Once it starts getting too long though it tends to frizz up. Don't believe there is anything you can do since you already said you are mixed.
Get a haircut every month you dumb nig
Tfw no white gf
Black women straighten their hair, I'm sure there's some product out there that you could use.
Who /smallbenis/ here? tfw Palestinian but have a 5 in benis what do
Throw a rock at an Israeli fence and wait for the sweet release of death
Why do you all sound like estrogen absorbing ladyboys? Does the language just not allow you to speak with a deep voice or something?
tfw chinese
no slightly chubby white girl with huge tatasI want my motherfucking reparations.
Can we all agree that this is the purest form of love?
PalestinianWhat's that? Never heard of suck a thing.
nice weave
No whites allowedLusts for white womenStick to your own race, no need to ruin others just because you hate yourself.
me, good to be whiteits the money that is my favorite part, i like the lack of family closeness as well
This makes me feel. White girls are so sexy. I just want to fuck, cum and piss all over big beautiful white tatas ;__;
does slavic count?according to /pol/ we are not white so...
Thankfully white women are happily dating/fucking plenty of us minority men now :
tfw manlet spic
Would you the girl version of elliot roger?
tfw no interest at all in white womenEven objectively attractive ones do nothing for me, it's all just meh.But the constant "muh azn waifu" around here is perfectly acceptable.
Thread dedicated to minorities90% MUH DIKMUH WOITE GURLSMUH DIKAt least stick to your own race, even if you don't have any genes to protect.
being this assblastedlooks like OP's thread is a success
tfw spic with asian fever
I can't tell the two apart. What difference does it make?
Any hapas want to be the next elliot?
He's just fishing for replies, everyone fucking does what he listed down. How many goddamn asian threads do we have everyday with sudden chads crawling out of the wood work preaching about their dick and how girls want them?"muh dik" is how all guys act, using it as a racial insult is fucking retarded.
Implying I'm mad
katyaslavicShes a tartar basically a chink
man you are so mad right now
Huh? How? Actually I don't really care, whatever you say.
appreciating this propaganda.
In porn, otherwise an actually attractive white women dating/fucking a minority is rare.But the constant "muh azn waifu" around here is perfectly acceptable.I don't condone it.

tfw if I ever have kids they'll have this feel good thing I'm a permavirgin I guess
In porn, otherwise an actually attractive white women dating/fucking a minority is rare.maybe a decade or two ago. these days it's become semi common.
It's not that bad, I could have worse feels.
tfw spictfw dating white girlAsk me anything. Also, will our kids be spic or white?
monkey people near me
They will be white. Have you made her lick your ass yet? I get so erect thinking about a pretty white girls face looking at my eyes as she's licking my ass all over.
No, I haven't. That's a pretty big step and she's very conservative.Will they really be white? There has to be something I can do to prevent this. Maybe teach them Spanish and celebrate Mexican holidays?
1/2 non-humanwhitekekTheir mongrel child would definitely not be white.
Don't worry, Hispanics only become white when they pop a nigger
Definitely non-white. One drop rule.
George looks very white though. I can see how the media would say he was white.
They won't be white you fucking subhuman spic. How can someone be white if they're half spic? Are you retarded?
see 
very whiteAre you blind? He clearly looks like a spic.
Oh, thank God! This is something I've really been stressing out about recently. Glad to know my child will not be white!
pic related
The kikes decide who's white and who's not. Zim Zam is obviously a spic.
Is that REALLY your argument? REALLY?!
Either you're trolling or just retarded which wouldn't be surprising considering you're a subhuman.Half spics are mixed just like any other half humans.
using snapchat in the middle of an accidentsocial media truly is the cancer of this generation
quit running from your crimes you racist white bois. zimmerman was white.
You are aware that spic isn't even a race, right?Depends what kind of spic you are m8.
I can't tell the two apart.Do white people have sun burns on their eyes from lack of ocular melanin?
This is true, but sadly the girls do not care anymore
Spics are a mix of Amerind and white or just pure Amerinds. You're right, they're not a race. They have no identity. They're nothing but subhuman mongrels.
there was also that story recently of a chinese man struct by a car. he continues to text. it isn't just women here. it's the entire world getting addicted to smartphones and social media.
Spic = Spanish speakerI could call a pure white Mexican a spic as easily as I could call a pure Amerindian Mexican a spic. It doesn't mean "mestizo".They have no identity. Can you tell a Mestizo Mexican from a Spaniard or Native American? If you can,you are confirming that they have an identity.
To me, a spic is a south american shitskin. This includes shitskin Portuguese speakers in south America. European south americans and Spaniards are white.
she's tatar
Spic is an ethnic slur used in the United States for a person of Hispanic background.But really if you can say it with enough passion, I'm sure the Brazilians will feel offended regardless, so go for it bud.General reminder that Tatar are part of the Eurasian master race. Also reminder to all Eurasians to do your part and eliminate all monoracial normies.
be ugly chink born in a country with Aryansbe naturally inferiorbe lucky to be born first world but unlucky at the same time to be born the wrong raceminus and plus doesn't make it a zero here, but it doubles the anguish for me
post some nordic girls
Asian manlet here.I know that feel as well.
Get the fuck out of my country you Chinacke.
tfw negresstfw want to take mushrooms or acid so you can understand yourself and break down your ego and make your sadness go awaytfw it's unwise to do it alone for the first timetfw no friends to do this with because people don't think negresses want to try "mind-expanding" drugs
Halts Maul Ahmed .....I am a rightful citizen here. You cannot deport me. China wouldn't take me in either.Feels bad man
I would she wont tho
Doing a lower dosage of mushooms and putting on mu-core is pretty comfy.
Black MoonHm, might be a Sailor Moon fan ^__^
Whites can't be robots. Their smug levels are off the charts.
tfw your dick is much darker than the rest of your skinIf I ever got sex the girl would probably try to exit the room ASAP after seeing it.
ThisWhites can't be robots.They are born in the 1st World.They are born as the genetically privileged superior race.
Asian non-manlet herefeels good to be taller than 50% of white people
be blackin an east asian history classDecide to study my notes on my laptop with a FOB grillstupidly put the pictures I took of the notes I left at home in my downloads folderFOB girls opens it in windows image viewer and keeps scrolling through until there's no notes leftshe stumbles onto my collection of pictures of japanese gravure idols in seductive foot fetish poses "HUHHH, ANON YOU LIKE TO LOOK AT GIRR?"don't respond"I SHOW YOU MANY PICTURES OF GIRR""Okay"She proceeded to show me pictures of white actresses and other things. Yesterday was quite strange
Even asian fems like white roasties
Be blackSomehow asian female friend figures out I like asian girlsThink I'm absolutely fuckedShe finds it cuteHuh, well alright then.
Get into an argumentPost a reply basically blowing the opposition the fuck out of the waterExit thread and never look back because I know I've wonI'm literally the only person who does this
no you're not
Why would I answer if bail anyway?You're probably not even reading this, fuckwit.
You're literally a faggotBTFO
Takes one to know one
OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH
I'm literally the only person who does thisI do this all the time but only if it's about something that is literally an objective fact. At that point I realize that if they reply trying to refute the fact that I don't want to waste my anger on them.
get into an argument where i'm discussing intimate detailswant to be told i'm wrong want to be given a better answerno reply is sufficientSuicide it is.
tfw born with two wieners
GEE BILL!
Double the fun
that dude liked being fisted apparently
Do you jerk each one off with a different hand?
Just like my anime porn!
I wonder if he would have preferred over and under instead if side by side
They're both small, too. What kind of a God would give a white boy two dicks?
Should circumsize one, fap with each, then post experience.Put the delusional cutfags to rest.
No, it was another diphalic dude who was cut this one send his pics and an interview to efuk. The other one has a tumblr and gets fisted by 4 hands at the same time
easier to masturbate this way at least
I'm actually gonna get both circumcised, uncut dicks are unhealthy
okay sized imo
No for all the negatives to setvin you need a life time of penis head rubbing on clothes
you will never dp a girl with both your dicksyou will never anything a girl with one dick
can you jerk them at the same time? Do they orgasm separately?
LAUGHED OUT LOUDbest lulz of the day
there's a guy who has 2 dicks who did an ama on reddit
ama on reddittruly a plebean
I wish I had two BBC's.
That's where these pics are from.
like size matters hereHe's a fucking freak, who would accept getting fucked by a 2 cocked guy? When 1 cock is inside the other one is poking her thigh.
I FOR ONE WELCOME OUR TWO COCKED OVERLORDS.anyways I had this fantasy since when I can remember, having two cocks and fucking girl in two holes at once.
would fuck and suck
Can you make one hard and the other soft?Which one do you pee out of or is it both? Can you post a picture of yourself peeing?Are you a virgin? If not, what was the person's reaction?Which one do you prefer? Like, which one do you jack off the most? Also, can even wank with both of them?
Would be great for a threesome.
Be proud of yourself sir.
AWOO
*Yaaaaaawn*Oh wow, 5 A.M. already? Time sure does fly when you're enjoying your night! Oh hey, good morning wagecuck, hope your 6 hours of sleep was enough for you. As for me, I think I will make a nice cup of coffee, sit out on my deck, watch the sunrise, make a healthy, nutritious meal, then probably sleep in my king sized bed until I feel like waking and continuing my perpetual vacation. All paid for by your tax dollars, of course, so thanks again and work hard today!
these rediculous postsm8, we all know NEETs sleep until 3 PM, get up and eat some shit processed food, never look outside, and continue to shitpost and masturbate whilst wallowing in depression.I don't know why people feel a need to keep making these threads.
coffeehealthyJust stick to one wagecuck thread instead of making half a dozen at once.
I'm starting to lost it finally because of these posts. Feels like I'm breaking at the seams.
Stay mad Wagecunts!
Wagecuck cash is just the scraps Goldberg Shekelstein gives to him as required by law. Just a fraction of what the Wagecuck actual work value. Then a lot of that goes to NEETs. As a Shekelstein I also have to thank you wageslaves.
NEET here, got up early this morning and baked a loaf of organic spelt bread, about to go on my afternoon walk and buy some nice wine later on.
That's exactly how my days go, yet I'm still in college.
What is the REAL average sexual partner count for women?
40
Slightly less than a man of the same age.
100
In the survey conducted by the National Center for Health Statistics on 6,237 adults between the ages of 20 to 59, it was found that 29% of men had 15 or more sexual partners, and 9% of women had sex with 15 or more men. In the same survey, it’s reported that 46% of black men and 13% of black women had 15 or more sexual partners in their lifetime and 17% of men and 10% of women had 2 or more sexual partners in the previous year.It’s also reported that 25% of women and 17% of men reported they had no more than one sexual partner in their entire life.
Based on the people I know, I would say somewhere in the ball park of 10.
Trick question. There is no average because it would be too high to count.
A national survey reported that teenage males had four or more sexual partners. This was higher than the number reported by teenager females. 35% of school students were sexually active and 47.8% had sexual intercourse.16% of people in the US had sex before the age of 15 and 15% abstained until they reached 21 years of age. 6% of Blacks, 17% of Mexican-Americans, and 15% of non-Hispanic Whites abstained from sex until 21 years old or older.
The average American man has had more partners than the average American woman. Recent CDC data shows that men between the ages of 25 and 44 reported having slept with a median of six women, while women in the same age bracket said they had slept with a median of four men. And while more than 27 percent of men ages 25 to 44 have had sex with more than 15 women, only about 10 percent of their female peers have had sex with more than 15 men.
of course Chads do tend to brag about their exploits. Women don't so that they can use equality to destroy society.
whateve the number you are most disgusted with x 3im srs
ITT: robots don't know the difference between median, average, distribution
My Australian chad friend has fucked 7 women this yearYou Americans need to step up
self reporting anonymous survey
Hello R9K,My fiancé is from a very Cristian family so we can't have sex, he is still a virgin, well the other day I caught him looking at porn I horrified he literally cheated on me, but that little git told me that I had slept with men in the past, so I reminded that idiot that it was the past and that I asked Jesus for forgiveness. I'm not religious and I go see other man but I'm allowed unlike him because he IS religious and he has a mini dick so he can't satisfy me even if he was allowed. I would quit him but he makes a lot of money and I don't work currently, now that frail thing said he would quit me, so I said that I would tell his mother that he was cheating on me but he said I had no proof and went away. I'm so angry he even lifted his voice he is literally violent with me it is destructive for the relationship. How do I get his laptop? He used to be not very religious and even wanted to have sex with me uh but I convinced him to be like his mother who is very christian.TL:DR: how do I steal a laptop from my fiancé who is a piece of shit.I know that a part from the memes you like to help robots, pic related me.
poor bait
Fuck off nerd.
Bump reply please.
lol timestamp
Asian anons your girl just admitted she used to date white guys. What do?
Another day, another dollar.
*YAAAAAAAWN*
These threads are finally starting to get to me. That smug frog in his cozy blanket won't leave my mind.
Friendly reminder that for every comfy neet thread there are three suicide threads
, 
I would be happier if I had a turn on/off button for my libido.
I would be happier if I had a turn on/off button for my happinessGet real, we all would be happier if we could do anything we wanted.We're not happy because we can't.
No, If I wanted to do anything I want I would say "I would be happier if I could fuck girls", but no, I just want NOT wanting to fuck girls so I can be in peace.
Just take the max dose of an SSRI of your choice. Unfortunately that'll also make you feel like a pic related.
Take Ssri.
If you turned your libido off you probably wouldn't see any need to turn it back on again.
I too want this.It's unfortunate it seems to be tied to testosterone, which is pretty important.
you mean your dick?
Explain

as i get older, i feel the need to masturbate less and less. my wizard powers are starting to grow.
Its the opposite for me, at my teen days i fapped one time a day, now its 1~3x
I wish too, I want to take something that takes it all away and stop thinking about women all the fucking time. The moment I clarity and remorse is only after I cum. My libido is driving me insane.
The moment I clarity and remorse is only after I cum. This, shitty biological drive
IT STARTS WITH
onethingidontknowwhyitdoesn'tevenmatterhowharditry
THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST
how did third worlders change internet?
Another day where you can feel better by seeing how there's someone worse than you.28In my way to wizardry, don't care about 3D since I was 25Never had a job, besides a 3month internship and another one where I was dismissed in my first daySocial anxietyStutterSelf-guilt growing to new levels every dayDepression, can't even feel good playing vidya or watching animuDick has no power whatsoever, takes 1-2 hours to ejaculate while during that time it goes flaccid 10 times. Addicted to medication even though I feel nothing is getting betterWill be homeless in the near future probably and get killed in the streets or commit suicide.Hope you have a wonderful day, anon.
;_;
Wait can't you just get NEET bux for really bad anxiety?
Don't have that here.
Stop masturbating so much and your dick might work properly again
Can you get meds to help? Don't give up on yourself so soon life sucks but personally I'd rather have a shitty lonely life then eat and sleep in a dumpster.
Thank you
You made me sad OP I don't like to see others suffer like that. I'm not a girl tho women are too evil to care about people suffering.
Depression, can't even feel good playing vidya or watching animusame tbhI hope you find your way OP
Thanks, OP. Glad to see suffering robos. I hope I wont live untill 28 though.
Don't give up on yourself so soonso soon28
You still got like 40-50 years left who wants to spend that homeless at least go to prison instead.
offering going to prisonnot offering an heroing
rip in peperonni you cheeky scrublord
If you can make it two more years until your powers kick in I'm sure things will turn aroundI have faith in you Gandalf
Wow, you sound exactly like me, like 1:1 copy dude....that's scary.
Currently 27, my sleeping pattern is consistently improving. Signed up for a sports trainingcamp, I kinda want back out because nigga wtf u doing.Bear in mind I'm a KV socially awkward recluse, but fuck it i might as well go through with it. Shouldnt be possible to get worse. Least im not fat so may just blend in though unlikely.
hey opI am 30 wizardry this yearNever had a job, besides a 3month internship and another one where I was dismissed in my first daySocial anxietyStutterSelf-guilt growing to new levels every dayDepression, can't even feel good playing vidya or watching animuAlso has BO, people avoid me
the doodie-head idiots of my generation need to understand that SWAG is for BOYS and CLASS is for MEN. here's some helpful tips for u chickens who are trying to dress like a real man such as myself:-cargo shorts show the world that you are badass, and are useful as well. my favorite pair has enough storage space for my Nintendo DS, several games, a packet of Cheetos Puffs, a can of delicious Dew, and some Magic the Gathering cards. the baggier the better, and you better make damn sure your knees are covered.-a wrinkled t-shirt is a sign of upper-class refinement, and mustard stains on the front express that you are a man of wealth and taste. your t-shirt should display your sophisticated interests. I receive many compliments on my Anime shirts when I wear them in public as well as my collection of death metal band shirts Almond Abroth, anyone??? the holes in the armpits provide air flow-ahh, the epitome of classy headwear, the fedora. need i say more? nothing says "gentleman" quite like a fedora in a classic color, such as turd brown. i purchased mine at wal-mart but for those of you who are not as financially blessed, your local goodwill may have a few.-a durable yet elegant shoe ties a gentleman's outfit together, I recommend a trusty pair of Crocs. If u are worried about your feet being cold, just wear a pair of knee-high socks.congratulations, u are now dressed like a trillion bucks. now go get yourself some fine ladies
copy that
A-anon I'm ready..
GET THE FUCK OUT MUM
Okay now push really hard
so many unpleasant shades of brown
The less popular sequel
I laughed hard
I'm so happy I'm the one taking your virginity..y-you love me right anon?
that one sad frog

at least it's not a roastie?
implying this isn't my fetish
wow very sexy baby would love to suck you breasts very special
I wouldI wouldI wouldGot any more?
wiping back to frontNope.gif
Who else /hair on dick/ here?tfw it goes all the way up and keeps growing back
OHMYGOSH! EEEWWWWWW!
That sounds niceI like how furry and soft my balls can get, having a soft furry dick would be cool too.
No, it sucks.I'm an abortion of a man in general. The overall appearance of my nether regions is just icing on the cake.
Welcome to puberty anon.
Two days ago I tied a noose and had it around my neck. I didn't secure it properly and it slipped. I nearly passed out.Although I don't consider myself to have a weak survival instinct... I didn't have a will to save myself. I didn't even feel that bad. Just... I don't know anymore. I've been depressed so long I just kind of "shut off," I suppose.I know I should feel like a machine but... I don't think a machine would notice that, right? I don't feel like trying again right now but I don't know if it'll stay that way.Is this the bottom, robots? Is this it?I don't even feel like myself. I feel like I'm controlling a puppet and the puppet is my body. What does this mean? Can I get better? Should I?
i don't know mani hope you get better though
Please see a therapist. Every life has value, even yours.It's true. Even though it hurts now, even though it's impossible to imagine the POSSIBILITY of happiness, other people have it: please, it's attainable. 1 800 273-8255 US Suicide hotlineThe world is beautiful and mysterious, OP. I know how it feels when EVERYTHING that EVERYBODY ever fucking says turns out to be an empty lie. But this one isn't. The world is beautiful. It is, it is a thousand times. Please see someone to help you. There's no place so dark that the light can't shine there.
being nice
There’s just something so satisfying about taking the jerk home from the bar who’s spent most of the night intellectually challenging you in a heated verbal debate.Yeah, that's what you're attracted to.
Clickbait articlesNah nigga.
femaleintellectually challengedSounds about right.
SCHLOMO SHOW YOURSELF
Thanks a bunch Gigi. You've further confirmed why I hate all women.Fuck this shit I'm saving up for a sex vacation to Amsterdam.
from the bar Trash tbh
Except that I won't date vapid whores like these anymore, so it's less of a question what women want but more whether I want her, and in most cases so far that was a no.
"Monogamy just doesn't work" "Girls are hard wired for assh*les" "Nice guys finish last". These are all the same bullsh*t titles I've seen pop up in Elite Daily lately. This is an opinion piece at heart, so stop presenting it as fact. For as many 'facts' of 'science' you cited, I could find you just as many to debunk your claim. From a personal experience? I can be assertive without being an assh*le. I can keep up conversation with my girlfriend without bringing her down a notch, and still be sexy doing it. I make my woman laugh without insulting her. Oh, and she's a strong, sexy, independent woman. Define a 'nice guy.' I'd love to hear that. Because you know, guys fall into only two categories, "Alpha and Beta," and "Nice and Assh*le" just like women only fall into "Prude or Slutty" right? I mean, that's pretty much what you're saying. This article is just like your romance novels. Trashy. As f*ck.
wow... they're not even bothering to hide it anymore... fucking kikes
Hope you like fucking middle-aged Romanians then.
Oh god, /pol/ was right again.
lol who thought giving females freedom was a good idea?
Women not lusting after nice guys?Gee...I wonder who could be behind all of this?
He needs to be brought down a notch. He’s absolutely infuriating! And isn’t that so f*cking sexy?needs to be brought down a notchinflate his ego even more by sleeping with himWoman logic
BETA UPRISING WHEN
Both studies found that “nice” qualities were more desirable for long-term relationships while physical attractiveness prevailed in terms of sexual relationships:Alpha fux, beta bux
caring this much about the meatsacks that are women.They don't want or need you, and deep down you don't want or need them either.Forget them, let them become obsolete, prove your beliefs that they truly are inferior.Join me brothers
Why can woman never just be honest? Why hide behind stupid excuses like this? My god, woman are so fucking stupid.
Kill them all Johnny :^|
I read the first few lines then scrolled down the whole article, what a load of shit written by a feminist "empowered" slut.
murder themyou're doing it wrong robotyou must remove them from your life entirely, never attackOnce they're frustrated enough, they'll attack.
This would be life fucking everyone I end up in a 4chan argument withDoesn't even make sense
"Intellectually challenging" girlsin a barHilarious.Also, "nice guy" is just code word for a guy a girl wouldn't fuck, like a fat guy or an ugly guy or a fuckin nerd. It has nothing to do with how they act because women project all of their fucking weird dark perverted sex bullshit onto you, they just need a pretty face and/or a big wallet to do it to first.
this dogshit science
shit like this is the reason why I don't date anymore. I only know shitgirls as well except for 2 maybe.
/pol/ pointing out the happening again.
All these comments just remind of that Redpill comic with the doctor where he yells "HOW DARE YOU I KNOW WOMEN WELL!!". These buffoons are literally arguing against a woman and some fairly solid scientific data. Of course this guy is right in that people don't fall cleanly into unique categories but by and large women like to be challenged rather than groveled over.
And society wonders why more people than ever are no longer participating. Beta men are bombarded with headlines like this, are witness to all they may never have, their hobbies dismantled and destroyed and their passions overtaken by hordes of idiots.I can understand why so many men just give up. I get it. We're going through some rough changes as a culture right now
Does just staring at them with a blank stare while saying nothing count as being a "nice guy"?If not than I guess I am not a nice guy.girl says hi or smilesjust stare at her with a blank expression until she leavesEvery time!
I'll never understand this shit and frankly I don't think that's how most people operate.Just run it through your own neurology. When you see a stupid, arrogant fucking bitch, what are you thinking? You're not thinking that her spoiled, cunty, bratty attitude is like so totes f*cking s*xy omg, you're thinking you wanna garb her by the fucking hair like an animal and throw her outside so she can be where she belongs with all the other animals.Who in their right mind finds sociopaths and rude pieces of shit attractive? FUCKING NO ONE. This is a bait article made to piss people off.
AND A REAL HERO, REAL HUMAN BEAN AND A REAL HERRRROOOO REAL HUMAN BEAN!
Article number 14565 western women are whores you shouldn't judge them for it.
believing in scienceScience has been proven to be wrong by Nassim Taleb, author of Black Swan, Fooled by Randomness, and Antifragality
Most men actually think stuff like "i want to fuck her roughly like the bitch she is" when they see an insufferable attracrive female
underrated post
Yeah but Rape is a bit different than women choosing to have consensual sex
Insightful.
I enjoy the hypocrisy that we have "men just think with their dick" and "women are sexual creatures" being the same thing, and yet the former is derogatory and that latter is supposed to be empowered.
No its not even rape, they just want to fuck them.Its disgusting, but i can understand why women might hold such retarded logic, i guess all the tribal instincts are still ingrained in us
garb her by the fucking hair
hate that women sleep with and show affection for men who treat them like the trashy sluts they are and put down pathetic beta white-knightsWhy /r9k/?
You aren't even a "nice guy". You're just a beta who gives a woman everything she wants in the hope that she'll sleep with you.That " jerk" she's settled with is actually a nice guy who looks physically attractive and is emotionally capable of stating his desires.
Yeah, fucking seriously.This is basically how it always goes. An actual good man treats a woman like a fucking person, not some kind of goddess to be worshiped.With the possible exception of inside the bedroom. Chicks dig it when you eat them out for long periods of time and shit like that.
lel this works everytime and will get responsesthe funny thing is that some retarded normies actually think like this due to the halo-effect and will assign good attributes to people just due to status/looks. Subhumans like you should be purged, oy vey
iunno man. I can kinda see it happening.I mean i'd fuck the stacies back in high school who would make fun of me, but i hate them all with passion and know for fact they wouldnt make a very good girlfriend that i'd want to marry.lust and love are two very different things
As long as they hose off the gypsies so they don't smell too bad I'm game.
Back the fuck off ok!
The "jerk" will cheat on gfThe "jerk" will not pay gf good attentionThe "jerk" would annoy his gfT-t-he nice guy is the REAL jerk, y-ya
*ssholesf*ckingStop. Putting stars in words doesn't make it less offensive. If anything it makes it more offensive since you are acknowledging the only reason you use these words is because they are curses. Just die. If you want to write fuck just write fuck.
all of this just to justify that she likes getting fucked by chadsholy shit
It's different as the fucker and the fucked. I'll admit, your statement does apply to me. When I see a spoiled attractive bitch, I just want to hate fuck her to bring her down a few pegs. Just absolutely dominating her. But how does that even work for girls?Oh yeah, fuck me you big stupid oaf! Slap me and call me a whore. That will bring him down a few levels!
elitedailyactually clicking, reading, and sharing the most cancerous and culturally subversive shit in online existencekill yourself
When has /pol/ ever been wrong?
Who /tiredofbeingnice/ here?
This.Sounds edgy and w/e but before I was finally able to see them as nothing more than objects 4 years ago my life was pretty much ruled by sluts, chasing sluts, etc etc.Deep down all fems know they're just objects and they love to be treated as such.
You're stereotyping. I know more women who cheat on their boyfriends than men that cheat on their girlfriends.Face it, you aren't being a "nice guy" to all these fat and ugly girls. I know exactly what the fuck you all do, I used to be exactly like you.
But anon I'm a Neet.
there's no intellectually challenging girls on the face of this earthjesus christ, you guys should get out sometime.
how cute

DAILY REMINDER: Elite daily is pure click bate. The "authors" have been revealed to be fake identities.Elite daily exposed:
To be honest regarding not paying good attention? This shit is exactly what women hate about you.They want their partner to have their own fucking social life, go do their own thing. Not try to pamper them every day of the year for their entire life.Don't treat women as pets.
Sure there are. Just not in bars.
you aren't being a "nice guy" to all these fat and ugly girls.HmmPeople tend to treat people their attracted to more better than othersNews at 11
You guys are really outhinking yourselves here. Things are really fucking simple.men are programmed to seek out healthy breeding age females. They're attracted to big butts/breasts/hips because these are indicators that the woman can bear children. Age matters, facial symmetry matters, overall health matters. You instinctively notice women who would give you a healthy baby if you pumped a load into her. Her personality is irrelevant. She's a vessel.Women who don't match up will attempt to cheat the system with makeup/bra stuffing/plastic surgery/ugly friend to appear more attractive. They don't have a problem cheating the system.Women are programmed just as primitively, but with a slightly different approach. They seek out strong, high status males. They also look for the facial symmetry and healthy body appearance. But they mostly want a male that is well connected because it maximizes the chances that her offspring will survive. If he has access to resources and power within the tribe, the needs of her offspring will be attended to. She will not breed with a low status or omega male because it's a potentially a death sentence to her or her offspring. None of this is rational, this is all the sexual autopilot. She's obsessed with validation/approval/strength in the male because she wants him to be able to bond with her children enough that he takes care of them.Men can cheat this system as well. Be appearing to be high status or "confident" males can trigger the instinctual attraction of a female. He can also alter his appearance to a certain degree. TL;DR you can fake being a Chad/Stacy to a certain degree, and the discrimination and irrationality of sexual selection cuts both ways. It's unfair to both sexes, but it's what exists and complaining about it isn't going to help you. You can complain that it's raining, or you can get an umbrella.
do you ever realize how stupid you look posting these stupid things? yes yes we know its da jewz and all that shit. we've know this since the 80s....shut up already
They want their partner to have their own fucking social life, go do their own thing. Not try to pamper them every day of the year for their entire life.Women hate guys who listens to them enables them by keep using them as emotional tamponsssssssshhhhhhhhhh................
Literally everyone goes to bars. A lot of them are both intellectual and witty.
there's no intellectually challenging girls on the face of this earthI do. I'm at UNSW doing my Masters in Geotechnical Engineering. The only girl I've met who was remotely intellectually challenging looked like she had down syndrome and if we weren't talking about pure math she couldn't hold a bar.I've observed that girls who are called intelligent are only seen this way because they've managed to master a single subject, or they're above average at a few subjects.
Furthermore, being "nice" is the dumbest shit you can do. You're not activating any of her instincts. Being quiet, deferential, and polite are indicators of low-status males. She wants a guy that will kill sabre tooth tigers with a club, she doesn't want someone who acts like a child. When you present yourself as a child, maternal instincts are activated. She will pat you on the head and send you on your way while she seeks out a male who actually has balls. When women say they want a "nice guy" they mean they want an alpha male with enough decency to not be a domestic abuser or a hotheaded idiot that constantly gets in fights. She will always sexually respond to the stronger male. Just as you will always respond to the more sexually appealing female. Monogamy and traditional alleviated the savagery of this system somewhat. But past the sexual revolution, marriage burnt to nothing and we pissed on the ashes. Am I saying this to make fun of you? No. Am I saying this to make you feel bad about yourself? No. I'm just urging you to accept reality. I know this system sucks and it's ridiculous. But so is making yourself a victim of this system.
Men can cheat this system as well. Be appearing to be high status or "confident" males can trigger the instinctual attraction of a female. He can also alter his appearance to a certain degree.Feminist are trying to have this approach classed as rape.
tfw I used to think this tfw current gf constantly fucks my shit up in argumentsI'm not sure how to feel about this. On one hand I appreciate it, on the other hand I hate feeling like a retard when she exposes a dumb belief I held on to.
article literally says "oy vey" in it
Feminists are authoritarians in disguise. They don't want equality, they don't want a healthy society. They're just not fucking interested in it.What they are interested in is stacking the odds in their favor. Has feminism ever considered the needs of the male? They've taken jobs from him, they've taken rights from him, and they've also tried to destroy his role in society. Why? Because deep down they realize what they are. Their pussies get wet when they see a strong man. When that alpha males speaks, they're going to listen. When he leads, they're going to want to follow. Feminists are reduced to sputtering rage when they get these feelings. Because they know what the natural order is. What they're seeking to do is to destroy this natural order. But they can't, they're just going to cause harm to society, and the robots who post here are the victims.
Women cannot have their cake and eat it too. A club swinging sabre tooth killing hunter alpha is more likely to beat, rape and murder his wife. They cant have him be an alpha douche to everyone around him and still be nice and loving to her.When women say they want a "nice guy" they mean they want an alpha male with enough decency to not be a domestic abuser or a hotheaded idiot that constantly gets in fightsDoesnt work that way.
Thank you.
A hard dick doesn't have a conscience, and neither does a wet pussy. Most women have weak wills and will justify retarded behavior because "that's what I felt." It's an excuse to not have to be responsible for their behavior. I'm well aware that it doesn't work that way. I was talking about the fact that people are hard-wired to do these things. Women are going to go for Jamal or Chad until the end of time, and she's also going to get a black eye for her trouble. Women don't understand the world in the way that men do. Trying to mash the sexes together to be the same thing is the worst thing a society can do.
One thing I find interesting is what a female actually classes as an alpha. See in an all male environment the hierarchy isnt also so cliched. When women become present the Alpha is simply the one the women believe IS the leader even if he isnt. Im in the military and Im 5ft4. Im good at my job, extremly fit and have the respect of my male counter parts. The ones who are below me in seniority and rank obey and respect me. We get along. However I find that whenever Im in a situation that involves women whether it be work related or social the hierarchy shifts. Ive actually be involved in some heated arguments with women at work over this, one girl even straight out said to me 'We dont obey you because your a short little angry loser! Matty is in charge and thats that!' My male colleagues didnt stand up for me, its like some spell was cast over them the whole time and they just accepted the new order of things. When the women left I retained my mantle in the pack. In terms of job skill, fitness and assertive qualities Ide say Ive got that over Mattu, he probably would too. He is however an adonis of a man.
I guess my point is that women go for what they perceive as Alpha and its usually all about how tall the guy is. He may be a cimplete pussy and there may be a smaller man with better leadership qualities an who in a hunter gatherer world would make a better hunter and sruvior. He however will never get to brred not matter how many sabre tooths he kills. Eventually hell break from the pack and just provide for himself. This ladies is gentleman is what the MGTOW movement is all about. Its not a bunch of angry virgins, its a bunch of under appreciated men with outdated traits and skills who dont want to assimilate and accept their positions in this current world.
This ladies is gentleman is what the MGTOW movement is all about. Its not a bunch of angry virgins, its a bunch of under appreciated men with outdated traits and skills who dont want to assimilate and accept their positions in this current world.This. Beta Exiting now.
My main point was that the selection was not a conscious or rational decision. This is all lizard brain stuff. Also trying to understand women in male's terms is going to drive you insane.
Women will always need men more than men need women. Just walk away.
Pretty much why I checked out of society years ago. The skills I have and talent I possess is of no use in this modern society. So I keep to myself and focus on what I enjoy. And sadly I see more and more males doing this as time has gone on. I have 1 male friend is actually within 5 months ran past me outta society after society basically used him as an example of girls are awesome and you are penis. he cleared it all up but he learned how quick society would toss him under a bus to protect a female that wasnt honest at all.I focus on my vigilante rooftop battle gear and he works on his k5 empire.But I have no place in my life for women and I doubt that will change since ive seen this building since the late 90s and it's only gotten out of control since. I can be accused of rape and my whole life and rep ruined and anyone questioning the females version is called a rape apologist or other bullshit.I refuse to be a victim just by existing
How, exactly, do you "check out" of society?
I live on the bare min. I work alot of hours and spend very little money on things. I dont waste it on bars and I dont partake of alot of society. I pretty much work mind my business and go home and work on my vigilante rooftop gear fo when I finally lose it and get my self killed playing batman.til than I just dont let society tell me what I need to do and what I am if I dont.I wont get married I wont have kids I wont do alot of things society deems a requirement of adulthood.and i'll wear the proud to be a manchild shirt while doing it. Hell I have enough spare time I bought a home gym setup and it's in my attic. Getting in shape and reading and learning what Ican and basically becoming the man I want to be not the man society says I have to be.
Unless you go completely into the woods you don't completely check out. Most people just stop attempting to date or participate in social events. And they're typically not missed, because there's always another thirsty beta willing to take his place. But if you're far enough gone, you don't really care.
Sounds like paradise to me.I often fantasize about living alone inside of a cabin in the woods during stressful times.Guess it's a coping mechanism or something. Think of complete freedom in a state of frenzied thinking.
Basically you start doing things for yourself and never to impress anyone else or seek validation from others. Sure you still work and have a career and work to your way up the ladder but overall you are doing it for yourself because you enjoy it.You stop nesting and buying useless shit just to seem 'normal' Couple of t shirts, pair of jeans, a nice suit, a lounge, TV, fridge. Basic amenities. The amount of times my parents have come over and said that my apartment needs to be jazzed up in case i bring a girl over. Why I would spend my hard earn money on some fens shay? bullshit furniture is beyond me. But most of all you stop giving power to women. I dont need to get laid to get ahead, I dont need sex to feel fullfilled. I can get pussy if I really want and thats all I need to know. Im not working for something when I can just jerk off to porn.
And they're typically not missed, because there's always another thirsty beta willing to take his place.This.
For me checking out started with the basic wow these chicks bring me more bullshit than good times I am done...Now I live as said on min and focus on my life and hobbies... you basically described my apartment and my parents reactions too. Almost none of my friends can really grasp that I dont want a lover or a wife or children and think it's a phase... im 36 it's not a phase. I buy and sell penny stock all day and I work good hours and I dont buy useless shit. A girl is the last thing I want or need. I enjoy oogling pantied asses all day but I have far more important shit to learn and accomplish.I noticed I keep running into more and more people like you and the others posting in this thread..no idea why I replied to you to add more
You're an introvert. That's your mind telling you to find a quiet place. It will open your eyes about why you feel the way that you do.
It's mostly women that cause men to consume more than necessary.
Thats my point.
Is being a nice guy the same as being a decent human being? I'm confused. Am I supposed to go out of my way to make women feel like shit so they'll sleep with me?
Is being a nice guy the same as being a decent human being?No. But how women perceive this is entirely up to them and subject to their hormone levels on the day.

Who in their right mind finds sociopaths and rude pieces of shit attractive?Son, it's time you learned about military women.

fucking everyone I end up in a 4chan argument withYou're telling me you dont?
i'm glad someone else noticed.
They're attracted to big butts/breasts/hips because these are indicators that the woman can bear childrenBut what if i like flat chested women?
Why do you bother nitpicking? It won't help you stand out here not to mention it doesn't change the point he's making.
I am a man.He claims men are attracted only to big butts and big breasts.I am not.Ergo, that argument is wrong. I am absolutely sure i am not the only one with this preference.
You're a low test beta faggot.
its like some spell was cast over them the whole time and they just accepted the new order of thingsfucking normies
Im in the military and Im 5ft4.I'm so sorry
normiedailyno.
Kek, I'm not even a fucking /pol/ack, but it's uncanny how every fucking time the kikes are behind this degenerate shit.
women are unevolved animals
this is why dudes join ISIS
Ergo, that argument is wrongThe world is black and white and being an exception to the rule means that rules don't exist.
Homosexuals exist. Their sexual attraction is not based on reproduction. Ergo, that argument is wrong because how can homosexuality exist when sexual attraction is based on mating potential?
It's not a specific trait, you're attracted to what you perceive as healthy breeding potential. Some guys like chubby women, some like women with long legs. And I was speaking in general terms. Of course there's exceptions and outliers. Some people jack off to horses.
Not after getting shitfaced because Chad was buying them drinks all night.
reason 1: they're whores
we love the dangerhahahaha and these are the whores that complain about being held down and fucked by chads. rape is karma personified
You're stereotypingproceeds to stereotype all betas at once
Well can anyone explain to me HOW you aren't a nice guy?Like what are some behaviours you could adopt, things you could say, that make you the opposite of "nice guy"?
I will always be nice. Treat others how you yourself would want to be treated. Being a nice person does not mean being weak.
Why? It doesnt affect me doing my job. Like I said its only a problem when vaginas rock up and turn the men against me.
You have no idea mate. I've been a reptile alien tier conspiracy theorist for 10 years, and I still can't figure out how and why it is always the fucking kikes. It's like a movie script where they're written as the badguys.
To these whores it means you are. Probably because daddy wasn't nice and now all men need to be as good or even better than daddy.I really think if you had a shitty childhood and start affecting people's life in a bad way without ever redeeming yourself  seeking therapy or getting through it yourself , you should be shot.These people their life from 18 to 45 is a whole fucking mess because of it and they bring down lots of people with them.They're a huge burden and cost for everyone.
that make you the opposite of "nice guy"Having a 6 pack.
its not just the heebs, bro. its just the "sensitive soul" types that want to force everyone to dance to their tune. this coming from a chaotic good person from a religious background. life is about choice and these bleeding hearts don't want to allow anyone to make it the wrong way. also about that marriage equality thing.. why do people think divorce rates are so high? people aren't content anymore with a single partner. they aren't willing to make sacrifices, and especially women have a hard time understanding that their wants and needs don't outweigh anyone else's
Except modern society isn't a bunch of tents with hunting and gathering as our source for food... If anything civilization is the form of human organization that NEEDS beta men more than it does alpha men. All members need to be productive and participate.
If anything civilization is the form of human organization that NEEDS beta men more than it does alpha men.Yes. You still need men keeping the trains running, the toilets flushing, and the lights burning. You also need them to die for you in war.When enough men check out, what do you think will happen?
Most men won't check out.Men either spend their free hours battling it out in vast, unproductive “Who’s the Sexiest?” competitions for privileged access to a veritable harem of vaj  or in /r9k/ terms: manlet cut off points, dick sizes, primate tier flexing of muscles , or on the other end, working a basic job making just enough money to support and entertain themselves, or even going full NEET pissjugging neckbeard.
When enough men check out, what do you think will happen?This will never be a problem. Already there are too many people for the jobs we have, and automation is shrinking the required manpower every year.The thing that's scaring me is will they use this abundance to provide for everyone, creating the utopia that mankind has dreamed of since day one, or will they just start world war 3 and kill the surplus males?As someone who's already been made redundant by the ever encroaching future, I really hope it's not the one where they kill me.
Let's be honest, I would never date a woman who reads elitedaily anyway. Not specifically for that reason, but because the kind of girls who read these sites are trash to begin with.
I don't think this article applies to a lot of us. I don't think that /r9k/ has many "nice guys". I think "nice guys" browse websites like reddit. I think we're just bitter assholes who want to drop out of society not because women won't sleep with us but because society is shit and there's no chance of it getting better.
Here's another sobering article:
Are you shills or something? How do you even stumble across an article like this in the first place?
there is women no way act like that
It was linked to from another article I read.
I think that's silly, my good looking nice friends do well with girls, my nasty good looking friends do well with women. I honestly don't think nice is a hindrance, it's just when unnatractive people try to rely on being nice that it doesn't work. tfw im not even a nice person
it's just when unnatractive people try that it doesn't work.ftfy
Fair. Both statements are true.
It's all about the definition of "nice". Even if you're good looking if you're putting women on a pedestal and acting like they're the best thing in the whole world and you're there to worship them - that's super unattractive. But the betas think that's "being nice".
clickbait trash article spawns 100+ reply /r9k/ threadWhy?
ignoring all people means you're specifically not being nice to [particular subgroup]Well, by technicality, yeah; but I'm not acting maliciously towards anyone eithern
IDS HABENIGG
Nice guys compliment there grills a bit Take them on dates but not afraid to stand there ground Hold them dont talk shit to other girls or keep side hoes on the scene Play fights with girls Teases and jokes with girls Gets a lot of woman "Nice" guys clingy as fuck "baby u are so beautiful your heavenly beauty radiates my very being with the pressence of your flawless kneecaps alone Never talks to grill in person, just clings to her side Afraid to play fight or even make a single joke to a girl Doesnt act confident Gets zero pussy Spergs out and goes apeshit and calls grill a slut Know the differences guys
I'm a nice guy and I won't change. As long as you're not oblivious/retarded it's also a good way to filter through decent girls and total cunts. Total cunts will think "nice = doormat" and try to take advantage right away. Decent ones will just appreciate it and are more likely to open up to you.
because this is /r9k/not exactly the brightest bulbs here
Friend needs me to help him move houseYou're a top bloke, always there for a mateFriend needs me to help her move houseYou're putting pussy on a pedestal bro you know she's not gonna fuck you for this right why do you think that being nice entitles you to sex I know your sort
I guess "AY YO BBY U WUN SUM FUCK" is an intellectual challenge if you're a woman.
it's biology's faultAre women this stupid?"We know we're doing it wrong, but let's not even try"
Damn you, biology!kek
in a tragic twist of fate, the assholes rare now breeding assholesYES! They're outright admitting it! Admitting that their reproductive choices fuck society in the ass! And admitting what they actually like in men! Not even the most fedorable M'Lady White Knight can deny this shit anymore!Women's sexual preferences have not had time to catch up with the modern world, so they're still mentally living in a primal, pre-society world, and so they'll select men who will thrive in those kinds of societies. Beta men, who must work to provide value to society since they don't provide natural genetic value,are culled from the population. The population of men will gradually become more aggressive and dominant. Look at the black community in the U.S if you want to see the future of the nation overall. The black community is very matriarchal, which of course leads to single motherhood and fatherless children. Read the 1965 Moynihan Report.Gentler, more cooperative men i.e. betas that form the foundation of a stable civilized society are selected less often by women. After all, just as highly domesticated animals cannot survive in the wild, neither can highly domesticated men.When women select men based on these obsolete instincts, they essentially push the human species back into time. We've only gotten to where we are by controlling female sexual selection, which was honed over millions of years to favor one kind of man, and one kind of society. Arrogant, impulsive, irrationally self-confident men will replace the quiet intellectuals whose achievements pushed the modern world forward, and civilization collapses.Letting women choose who they fuck and spawn with, and funding their bad decisions with a welfare state supplied by Beta taxes, is going to send us the way of Rome.
Yesterday I was at a restaurant with family. I was checking out the hostess the whole time. Great ass. When we left I noticed from outside that my dad was talking to her. He came out and told me that "Brittany" said it was okay for me to ask for her number. I didn't. As horny as I am I just didn't care. I saw it as a new host of problems and jumping through hoops and keeping up appearances and towing some social line for her constant approval. It just didn't seem worth the hassle. I went home last night, masturbated to porn, and it was great. I've breached a whole new level of apathy.
You sound like a bitter virgin tbh what's the matter mommy never love you lol get a load of this guy over here let's spit at him!I really really wish the things you were saying weren't true...
getting mad about 4chan memes on 4chanYou're either fairly new, have anger issues, or this is b8.If you can't handle the bantz, you should leave :
He came out and told me that "Brittany" said it was okay for me to ask for her number.I can't pinpoint why this makes me rage, but I feel the anger behind my eyeballs.
all these butthurt virgins

I may be getting my history wrong but women start getting freedomsbaby boomam I right? woman gain more choice and suddenly loads of babies due to their irresponsibility.
We know they’re wrong for us, they’ll never treat us the way we think we deserve to be treated, and instead of running for the hills, we jump on for the ride. Damn you, biology!Are women even human?
No you're completely wrong. That was due to post-war economic prosperity. The opening up of women's sexual freedom from the 1960s onwards has resulted in plummeting birthrates.
Who in their right mind finds sociopaths and rude pieces of shit attractive?Women. They love those men because in their monkey brains they're still living in caves. Imagine you're a female living in the Stone Age, surrounded by dangers, both human and animal; what kind of man would a woman want with her? A nice, agreeable, affectionate man, or the stone cold, narcissistic, big lean moron with big dick and bigger club?Society has outpaced the evolution of the hind-brain. We still have a lot of caveman software back there. Those old instincts were once functional and we needed them to survive, but now in the context of civilization, they're dysfunctional. Women being allowed to embrace those instincts, combined with their choices being subsidized by the government, will eventually help send us into the dust bin of history.Just run it through your own neurology. When you see a stupid, arrogant fucking bitch, what are you thinking? You're not thinking that her spoiled, cunty, bratty attitude is like so totes f*cking s*xy omg, you're thinking you wanna garb her by the fucking hair like an animal and throw her outside so she can be where she belongs with all the other animals.Why do women want a challenging man? Women are unique in this way. Men have no desire for challenging women. Men love nothing more than sweet women who make their lives easier and don’t play head games. Women, in stark contrast, need challenging men especially in the early going of a courtship because their particular psychologies emerge from a biological substrate that is designed to function on cues supplied by non-physical and thus less conspicuous male traits, such as men’s social status and attractiveness to other women.Being a challenge has the same effect on women as a slender hourglass figure and pretty face have on men: Urgent stimulation.
hey girl if I took 2 of u home and my bitch joined in would it be a 4some?
am I right? woman gain more choice and suddenly loads of babies due to their irresponsibility.I can't be bothered looking for statistics, I'm not that guy, so I'm just pulling ideas out of my arse here. Someone debunk me or support my claims.I don't think birth rates will be affected so much. The problem is the environment these children will be growing up in. Divorce is more common, "broken homes" are now the norm.I remember once as a child it was my birthday, and I opened my present, and said thanks and all that, and one of my friends asked me after "Is that all you got?". I asked what he meant, and another friend told him "yeah, he's only got one mom and dad".That was nearly 20 years ago, and a nuclear family was, even then, an uncommon sight. I imagine it's a downright rarity these days.
Only idiots, incapable of reason, use 'nature' to justify themselves.
5 Scientific Reasons Why Women Just Won’t Go For The Nice Guys"I am a dumb slut"I've spent minutes reading some of that shit that can be summarized in one sentence, holy fuck. I hope there are no women who actually agree with this, because fuck them, they are walking cum dumpsters.
I hope there are no women who actually agree with this, because fuck them, they are walking cum dumpsters.The penny drops.
falling for clickbaitnot knowing clickbait as being garbage journalism with sensationalized titles that either intrigue or piss the audience off enough to click through the articles and give them ad money2015
Hah, /pol/ despises fags like you and afterall you guys are here for a reason validation; because no one likes yous in real life.I'll give you two options either stay here and stop bringing anything with /pol/ here or get the hell out of here.Your choice.
I fucking hate articles that genuinely interest me. Previews of tech that's not been released yet etc gets me the most. I read about a sentence and then the screen goes black and takes my computer like 2 minutes to load up an overlay advert that says "did you enjoy reading this article give us your email address you cunt"I HAVEN'T READ THE FUCKING ARTICLE YET. I WANT TO KICK THIS NEW AND IMPROVED INTERNET SO FAR UP THE ASS IT'S GOING TO BE CHOKING ON THE TOE OF MY BOOT.Holy fuck I liked it better when the worst thing to worry about was some shitcunt using sparkly gifs as a background...
intellectually challengingwomen pic related

women start getting freedomsbaby boomBaby Boom was from the end of WWII to 1965 I believe. Once women got more rights in the social and political spheres, the birth rates actually began to decline. woman gain more choice and suddenly loads of babies due to their irresponsibility.In a sense, yeah. The poorer, more impulsive people are out-breeding their betters, so it's more like loads of babies made by fuck ups and destined to be fuck ups themselves and repeat the process. From a blog I readTime to speculate about the future. In sum, we will have more people with lower future time orientation i.e., the temperament to save for a rainy day and delay gratification for greater future gain, more impulsiveness great for knocking up broads, not so great for building and sustaining first world levels of civilization, and more distrust of societal institutions in favor of tighter familial bonds great for aspiring warlords and corrupt kleptocrats, not so great for maintaining a loyal national military or respect for the law or a basic sense of fairness.Human nature does not offer us a bottomless chest of treasure. Few are exempt from trade-offs, and no society can have everything its heart desires. To restore American greatness and comity of its people, feminism and its cousin -isms will have to be rolled back. This will mean women will sacrifice their earning power and some career freedom. The alternative is what we have now — economically independent women, freed from shame and the restrictions of their biology by the pill and abortion, following their vaginas straight into soft polygamy, state-supported single motherhood, and grossly unjust payday divorce settlements.
thanks for the correction.
Homosexuality is a where one inherits hard-wired genetic attractions from the opposite gender parent.
You really have to run script/ad blockers for the internet to be usable these days.I also hate how everything is social media based and apparently giving out personal information is mandatory even though the golden rule of the past was 'DON'T SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION ONLINE'.
Never. If you had the will to rise up, you wouldn't be a beta.
elitedailythis is the most cancerous site ever
going to send us the way of Rome.We are well on the way mate Rome is already burning and the barbarians are at the gates.
Denial, the post
confirmation bias. when it's not the jawz you don't notice, but when 1/20 times it is a jew you notice it, which makes you think it's always jews
From what I've read, this is such an easily solvable problem:be nice/sensitive/sweet/intimatealso have a hot body and a strong personalityHow is that hard? Basically this article is saying that women are forced to choose between "good looking, interesting, but also an asshole" and "nice, sweet, but also ugly and boring"So why in the hell is everyone whining and not realizing that the key is having the best of both.
I'm a pretty nice guy, overall at least, and I don't have any problems getting with girls anymore. I'm very average looking and used to struggle a lot with getting close to girls.All I had to learn to change this was how to get better at talking and flirting with girls, how to decipher their little hints and how to initiate physical contact.
also have a hot body and a strong personalityHow is that hard?
whores disobeying ordersWhat is article 91?
Write them upSergeant or colonel or whatever comes inYou're not in charge! Matty is!O-ok...
Women definitely don't see the biggest as the alpha, they see the most attractive as the alpha. Sure in other species where mating rights are decided by direct male competition this happens, but when is the last time a girl has got soaking wet because you could kick the shit out of everyone in the room.
girls like me because i have the most foul-smelling feces in town. i won the competition at the county fair.
Like another guy said, you can't really "check out" unless you go innawoods, but generally it means;dropping out of the dating marketnot getting marriedno kidsmaking enough money for yourself, no more or lesspossibly also dropping out of higher educationYou pretty much just don't participate in the traditional institutions anymore. We're a ways away from full automation. Nearly 100% of the jobs that keep our civilization functioning on the most fundamental level are done by men. IF we get to the point where human labor is fully obsolete I doubt this will happen before a societal collapse or another war, do you really think that the Elite, the powers that be, will be nice enough to let all these useless people live? Do you think that they'll just pay them to exist? Or that people with all this free time won't get restless and frustrated?No. A culling is what will happen. The utility of the wageslave and a lack of A.I killing machines is the only thing that has kept them from doing it already.The elite hate the poor. They always have. Attractive women would be spared probably, to keep in harems, but ugly women and most men will be ashes.
Height makes a huge difference. It is easily the most important thing for a lot of girls.
They're human, but here's some food for thought; the female chromosome X shares much more DNA with chimps than the male chromosome Y does.
Fuck, now I really feel like a failure. I'm going to have to disagree but I suppose it's based of anecdotal evidence and my own experience, but I'm 6'3 and I act like stereotypical Chad but get nowhere because I don't have an attractive face
Size matters. Height and musculature are 2 immediate indicators of "hotness", as well as whether or not you could protect a woman, which also triggers huge pussy wetting signals to women's hind-brains.Usually I'd mention that martial prowess and cunning are what are needed to protect and fight off threats. Logically, women should love guys who are trained with firearms more than some well muscled moron with tribal tats, butwe're talking about women's monkey brains here, so fuck logic.
The plans are probably already being drawn. Once overpopulation hits a certain threshold, they'll have to cull. Automated killing machines and drone/smartbombs will be the power and almost no common person is going to have access to these weapons. There may not be death camps, there may be sterilization programs to be "more humane." But they'll have to address the unwanted. Massive slums, matrix-style VR, or forced labor camps are all possible future realities.
Don't feel bad. Hypergamy is reaching its ultimate limits. Soon you'll see more and more women who write off men who don't have literally EVERY trait they're looking for in a man.Of course, rare is the woman who has the "budget" to "afford" that kind of man in the dating/sexual market. So most of them will end up "settling" yeah in their minds they're the ones settling for a perfectly good guy, whom they nonetheless still resent because he's not perfect.
herpesthe roast beef has some sauce on itBut yeah that sort of expectation is fucking insane. Telling women not to settle and to define relationships that exclusively cater to the female's needs is crippling marriage and dating.
thru no fault of my own
Hypergamy is reaching its ultimate limits.The real comedy of feminism is that after WW2 it really didn't benefit women. Now they just work more and are loved less. The real beneficiaries are men at the top socially and economically, now they just pump and dump harems of women and leave the bastards they create to the girls and betas, and no one shames them or even bats an eye lid about it.
has herpesadmits I AM NOT BEAUTIFULso you being handsome is a great plus
The real beneficiaries are men at the top socially and economically
You're exactly right. It just made everyone poorer and transferred vast amounts of power to governments/corporations.
just forget it they are like a whole new species to me that I find fascinating and occasionally jerk off too. but providing for them,changing my life for them, fucking even listening to them is the biggest chore on the planet. Imagine having to wake up to this other individual for days,months,years and having to conform or validate yourself at every turn just to keep their attention. no thank you.
All my feels in one tidy post.
Reminder that when women call a guy "nice" what they actually mean is that his face is too ugly and that they don't want to fuck him. His personality is completely irrelevant.
Yes, society needs its betas. That's why societies, way back in the day, started forming institutions like traditional marriage. They wanted the betas to be happily matched up and be therefore be buzzing little worker drones. But now that traditional marriage is gone and its devolved back to the ways of pre-civilization hypergamy, that goes out the window.
I personally can't handle this shit anymore.I've been raised to be friendly to people, and I am and was most of my life, yet apparantly this is the most BETA CUCK shit you can do.And if only it was just /r9k/ claiming this shit. I experienced it myself in real life where the cocky attitude did take people places, mostly sexually. I don't get it and I don't want to get it.Being a morally upright individual who respectifally engages with another and tries to avoid confrontation seems like the thing we should aim for.It's not that I'm supplicating to the bitch either, but I'm just keeping a conversation.I've gotten only a handful of women that way in my almost 3 decades being here. Apparantly to 'score' it requires a totally different attitude.I thought we as a species were making advances in all fields, yet it seems like we're reverting back to cavemen days in a matter of a 2/3 decades. That's what all this progress meant, just galvanizing shit that pops up immediately as the lid of our primitive nature is opened.I hope this joke of a world ends soon.
There's nothing wrong with acknowledging a little bit of nature, we are after all animals, and there is a LOT of our brain chemistry which is driven solely by hard-wired instincts.However the problem is when morons use this as carte blanch to just do whatever the fuck they feel like.
At least we'll appreciate you :3
It is also clear that the human society we live in is so violent because women are still predominately breeding with aggressive and competitive alpha males and instilling the violent and competitive genes in the next generation. If women went against their genetic and social conditioning and procreated instead with weaker, passive and timid males eventually human society would become more tolerant and peaceful.
We know they’re wrong for us, they’ll never treat us the way we think we deserve to be treated, and instead of running for the hills, we jump on for the ride. Damn you, biology!This sounds like some shit DSP would come up with if he was female.WOWWWWW I MARRIED A WIFE-BEATER, THERE WAS NOTHING I COULD DOBUGGED DATING MECHANICS, THANKS BIOLOGY!
5 scientific reasons why women just won't go for the nice guysMore like "5 scientific reasons why you shouldn't bother with women at all"
nothing in the least bit scientific about that articlethe far more likely explanation is that women just emulate what they see on TV and movies because they're really, really dumb
Sit back and watch it implode. It's an old world not so brave, and it won't last much longer. Here's hoping for a strong rebirth on the other side.
this is funny because every beta wants to rise up, but can'tlmao'ing at your lifes
faggot i'll mash in your skull for using a picture so gay
Pfft what are you going to do make me leave?
That authors other articlesShe's either a master troll profiting off of our reactions to this, or she is literally the worst person on the planet.
At least I don't use such a mind numbingly retarded dichotomy to model the universe. The alpha beta dichotomy hardly even applies to non humans without complications. Flies around shit. Bees around honey. You fuckers will believe anything.
sorry.
I guess women is so retarded that "ayy bby r u my imagination bcuz dat ass is unreal" is an intellectual challenge
This. I wish my parents were assholes who raised me as an asshole.
At least she's honest.
are you fucking serious? I go to an Ivy League school and surrounded by your so called "intellectual" girls.Let me tell you something, there is no such thing. These sluts here are no different than any other girl anywhere, just overgrown children.
Guys it's not intentional. Women are just wired to work like this. I think this is what robots and women don't get.She isn't going out saying "I can't wait to cuck my beta provider". She is going out to "have a good time". And when some alpha roles up and her hormones kick in all of the rational goals and morals fly right out window. They are literally overcome by there own biology.Then once they calm down they rationalize "it was a mistake". "It just happens". I "didn't mean too" These aren't lies it's their rational Brian trying to make sense of their inherently irrational action. It's not bad it's just the way they work. Instead of getting angry about it society needs to put the structures back in place they prevented his bullshit. Harsh social even legal consequences for infidelity and cuckoldry. For both men and women. No fault divorce has to go. Slut shaming should increase not decrease and men need o take the lead and quit white knighting this bullhsit in the vain attempt to appease feminists.
We're in the same spot the Roman Republic was. People will want order from the chaos......
I can vouch for this. Not murrican but going to an university that's comparable to ivy league. All the girls here are sluts with 0 intellectual depth, except maybe one or two.
elite dailytaking shit like "X reasons Y won't Z" seriouslyNo wonder you're all fucking losers.
prove your beliefs that they truly are inferiorThis is what the players that fuck a different girl every week are doing though.What you're doing is the equivalent of plugging your fingers in your ears and screaming "I CAN'T HEAR YOU! I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" over and over again.
Lmao they'll just be happy that one less creep is out of their life.Even if you're hot, they won't even care that much.
not that anon, but I can't enjoy sex without emotional attachment. it's just not in me. I can protect myself though, and thats why I've dropped out of the game entirely. the desire for love is the last illusion - let it go and you are free.
This is wiser than most realize.Women 99% derive there value based on the highest status or best man they've fucked. It's pathetic She fucked a ceo or sports star, she will literally consider herself at the level of ceo's and sports stars. And disdain all the lower men that think they are worthy of her.But the truth is without men or the male supported system of welfare we have created. She can't do anything. They can't provide anything besides sex and child baring
It’s a giant catch-22, isn’t it?No.
Every fucking time If you ever got laid you would know this is 100% factual
yfw your family is just barely in the top 1.5 %
Did this article seriously cite abovetopsecret regarding sperm competition?We are truly living in decadent and confused times.
Oh that's easy, they were genetically engineered by the Reptilian gods little g like Jehovah. Something like a nigger/aryan combination built to host Reptilian genes/entities with emphasis on psychopath traits. Women were also created from the original template, Adam, but from a different 'seed' thus means likely altered with a preponderance of degenerate Reptilian DNA during the battle of our creation.tl:dr are women and kikes the same species?
El-ite is also reference to the Cult of Saturn, another artificial control structure put in place by the Reptilian enemy.
I think most women fail to realize the delicate equilibrium that keeps civilizations going.The world is scarce and people fight for resources.Their sheltered life is only possible because men are defending it, through the military but also through police.Their role in keeping this going is minimal yet they still think they are hot shit who can run a civilization by themselves, when most of them work in fancy ass irrelevant tertiary jobs.They are lucky that they live in a time where the complete technological dominance of western warfare keeps enemy at bay and even female soldiers will most likely never see a battlefield outside training.I'd like to see thousands of rapey slavs invade Sweden for instance and see if they start to understand the importance of men in their lives.
I've gotten only a handful of women that way in my almost 3 decades being here. Shut the fuck up, you have nothing to complain about. Don't come with this "boohoo cant get laid" crap here if you're actually GOTTEN LAID YOU FUCKING NORMALFAG.The only ONLY reason you haven't gotten laid more is because you're a pathetic pussy who doesn't talk to more women. It has nothing to do with "muh niceness", because if it did, you would never have gotten any action at all. Come back when you're a cripple, morbidly obese or disfigured, then we'll talk. Until then you're just a chad who didn't try.
imagine all the shit you could of achieved
This post proves what I've always thought about what /r9k/ has become. You're just as bad as the feminists you hate so much.
the article was written by a womanAs if I needed any other reason to disregard it.No, but seriously, you retard, this is like if some fedora faggot wrote that men don't like women in short dresses, wearing make up and wearing heels. Completely reliant on the writer, who in this case is obviously some sort of slut.
of SaturnFound this on a forum, couldn't tell if the poster was sincere or not. Makes sense to me.Women Created To Serve The Reptilians1 Abrahamic/Semitic religions were works of reptilians; Jehovah was a reptilian overlord who manipulated human genes2 Bible claims that 'God' - read reptilian creator gods - created woman out of Adam-man's rib or blood ... meaning DNA of man3 A snake - reptile - influenced Eve to tempt Adam, after creating Eve from his rib - quick use of newly created woman4 Mankind fell into the current state out of the garden5 Women enslave men through sex, marriage, children, and their overwhelming need for security above all 6 Reptilian overlord Gnaraa decreed the emancipation of women, so as to empower its servants to better enslave men  7 womens' extreme fearfulness and cowardice makes them ideal targets for manipulation by reptilians8 women's suggestiveness and right brain domination makes them more susceptible to possession by reptilian entities9 women often act indirectly as agents for reptilians, by acting as bosses and guides to their husbands - e.g US presidents need not be possessed themselves, they seek advice from their reptilian possessed/influenced wives And remember that Orthodox Judaism is passed through the mother only.

By posting on r9k
people who have girlfriends and friends are betasnever change, r9k
the greek cynics were right exit out of society
shut up you fucking embarassmenttake "somali" out of your trip too, you dont represent all malis you fucking groid
confirmation biasthis confirmation bias
feminist single mother taught their boys to be "nice guys"the single mother wants a "nice man", while the single woman wants a man who has his shit in order and can lead the wayit's the complete opposite of what feminists want, they want to see men become househusband and women become the bread winnerfeminists are mentally ill, and are destroying a generation of boys, but thankfully the damages that the single mothers caused to the unfortunate group of boys who has to endure them will be a warning for the rest
maybe they're all into pegging
HerpesThrough no fault of my ownFucking whores playing the rape card again.
It's some Freudian shit. The single mother raises the son in order to meet the mother's need instead of preparing him to meet the needs of his potential wife. It's disastrous social engineering based on zero evidence. These boys grow up and are completely unprepared to be men, and everything they've been told growing up is absolute bullshit.Sad state of affairs, really.
i want to survey r9k one day and see how many are from single mother homes
I was literally 19 before I realized what girls really want in men.The influence that 1970's feminism had on my single mom, and my understanding of women and relationships, is exceedingly apparent. It's sad and sickening.
they want to see men become househusband and women become the bread winnerlmao no. feminists still want to marry up. they didn't get that doctorate to provide. they got it so they can be a more viable mate to someone richer.
I would bet that a majority are.
meet the mother's need instead of preparing him to meet the needs of his potential wife.this is so spot-on
a man doesn't give a shit about the position of the woman
This really is a eureka level observation here.And it makes sense considering how women think and behave
Not entirely true, guys will fuck anything but they won't wife up a woman below his station in most casesMy family is quite wealthy and while I've fucked poor girls looking for their golden ticket out of their shitty lives i'd never bring her around my family as a serious pairing
her having a "career" will put her in the same social sphere as richfags. where she can exchange sex for resources/social status. connect the dots.
tfw have a father who has always been there for me but still ended up as a complete NEET failure
And that "career" just displaced a man from that job and shrunk the dating pool for women who want to "marry up."
yes but a woman will absolutely refuse to date a man who isn't as rich as her, while a man will happily settle for a woman who isn't a gold digger
Or I could hide in a cave, right?
In a tragic twist of fate, the assh*les are now breeding assh*les. Oy vey.oy veyOYVEYshekelberg confirmed
I'm glad someone called that out in the first response.I guess she's rationalizing why she fucked him - "Oh no, it wasn't his tattoos, abs and slapping my ass which drove me crazy, it was the intellectual challenge of a heated verbal debate which won me over!".This is seriously the funniest shit I have read online in years. What in the actual fuck, how can someone be so deluded. Oh wait, it's a woman.
your father is a weak male figure. financial security and presence isn't everything
This should be renamed "5 traits of stupid women you should be thankful you avoided"
women are hardwiredattempting to back up her shit-tier slut taste in menquotes low impact journal with shitty pseudo-science as "scientific proof"literal kek
We want a projectWomen like to “fix men.” A nice guy doesn’t need any taming. He’s already solid on the homefront. He isn’t intense or severe.Translation:We know we won't amount to anything so we want to feel self-validation by fixing a """broken""" guy.Fun fact: most normal successful women are with normal successful men, not necessarily assholes. Most of my colleagues husbands are fantastic people.
women damage control squad on the scene
typical salaries start at £15,000but may be as low as £12,000KEKKLES THIS BITCH IS PAID LITERAL PEANUTS TO WRITE SHIT-LIT ALL FUCKING DAY
ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY ANYMORE ITS ALLWAYS THE GOD DAMN KIKES!!! What is this shit!
Another article from her:I’ve always been all about a good dick.Yeah, I said it. Give a girl a good dick, and she’ll get off for the rest of her life. Is that not how the saying goes? No? Anyone? *crickets*Up until recently, I have given zero f*cks about the man attached to the dick. If a guy I was hooking up with could give me multiple orgasms, it was all I could think about.If you think this woman speaks for all women you're an idiot. She probably has 50+ sexual partners and will end up a spinster.
because no one likes yous in real life.Who are you, the fucking godfather? Kek.
so...what makes guys into ''nice guys''?
The second I hear that shit is going on, I'm fucking running. Hopefully their drones won't find my ass.
It's like she wrote this just to piss us and "nice guys" off in general, What gives?
Abusive fathers and controlling mothers
Being always there for a woman. Basically being more of a provider as opposed to being flirtatious, or....interesting.
i mean their actionshow can one spot a nice guy
 I wish my parents were assholes who raised me as an asshole.TFW those ARE my parentsTFW introspective enoughtto feel empathy a sympathyTFW Cant be an asshole because of thisTFW end up hating them in secret waiting to the day I can be independent enought to the point were I can dissapear Beta uprising when?
I'd like to see thousands of rapey slavs invade Sweden for instance and see if they start to understand the importance of men in their lives.Wasn't there some headlines a month or two back about how Sweden was intentionally trying to foster a "feminist foreign policy" that extended to their military? And something about Russian diplomats finding that very... "interesting."
I'm pretty sure there is no such thing is a 'nice guy' over the age of 18. We were all that fag in school, but we all quickly realised that the asshole gets the girl so we became assholes. The trouble is we are not good looking, so we are just ugly people who are unpleasant to talk to.
great threadreally enlightening stuff
The Order - when will the revolution happen that is the question
Elliot was right humanity is a disgusting filthy species
this
They're already either doing it or getting ready to doing it. I don't blame them. The Earth can only support maximum of 10 billion people. If we reach that number, it will put all of our lives in danger. Humans might get extinct:the elite came up with a way to save the world and to save the humans by reducing the population to 2 billion. They'll achieve it by killing humans by the billions by poisoning the food, and also try to discourage us from further making babies by using feminism. A traditional wife who stays at home have an incentive to give birth to more children as these children can help with the chores. An empowered feminist woman can leave the house and have her own career and are more inclined to have less babies because they view them as liabilities rather than assets. Plus feminism kinda destroys the traditional family, so less babies.They actually have a seed vault, a noah's ark, a backup for plants, to preserve them in their pure natural form, so they could mutate the world's edible plants and rice:
the beta uprising must happen
Not the guy you're replying to, but I've had sex before all of 1 times and have gone out with more than one woman.If you're not an 11/10 perfect chad, you're nothing. I've had girls who were texting other guys right across the table from me, I've been cucked by my roommate, cucked by my best friend who was then cucked RIGHT AFTER it just boggles the mind.I tried to find a normal, rational woman who wanted to settle down, but every one of them treated me like disposable garbage. Each passing year it gets worse with more dating and sexting apps and as feminism spins further out of control.None of my friends and family understand why I don't have a GF, because I'm not hideously ugly. But that's just it, I'm so average and forgettable and women nowadays can afford to date the top 0.1% of men. They don't even care that these men cheat, they openly bitch about how awful these guys are but reward them with sloppy blowjobs just for showing up.I'm tired of pushing my car when chad just races past me in his ferrari. There is no point in trying.
feminists complain and wonder why there are so many emasculated boys and beta man childs.
PicMust be over 45What?
she wants money.
I'm not an 11/10 chad and I fucked three different girls last month.Quit lying to yourself and grow some bas
2015still wanting 3d womenYou dun goofed
/pol/ is always rightno matter how bad you don't want them to be
You forgot to take your name off.
19 years oldSharing a 3-bedroom house with 2 other peopleWorking a 35 hour week, doing a job that I find both tolerable and enjoyable, with coworkers I enjoy talking toGoing to church every weekend and socializing multiple times each weekBuying a car soonBuying a house in 1-2 yearsEating exclusively whole foodsIn my spare time I socialize, cook delicious meals and share them with my friends, read, work out, listen to music, shoot rifles, play two instruments, go canoeing, go running, shitpost and study Frenchmfw women think they bring anything to the table of my life whatsoever by offering me 10 minutes in a dark room with their roastie once per month in exchange for all of my money, free time and peace of mind
Good goy
So can we not all agree to put our desires second in lieu of logic?By doing this will we not seek the answers to what we TRULY want in life?
I desire to eat cheeseburgers and drink beer until my stomach explodes. Logic tells me that the amount excess will do great harm to me. A lot of people desire to by hypergamous. Logic says that's harmful to the society. Operating on 100% desire isn't "seeking what you want." It's hedonism.
romanian grils are fucking GOAT m8
intellectually challenging you in a heated verbal debate.LMAO
When you finish your vigilante rooftop gear what will your superhero name be?I wanna carry the torch in case something happens.
what are you doing here?
CuckMan
Precisely.
Reminder that facial features are the most important aspect in attraction
And they wonder why there are no "Good Men" left. If you are toxic, you will attract toxic people. They have no redeeming features other than a body that has been used over and over again. They threw away a valuable thing for acceptance, they destroyed their own value through their selfish behavior of the rat race mentality.
better to be an unpleasant loner than a pleasant cuck any day
My mom did the same thing. She went up to a girl and asked if she would like to go out with me. I was shocked and seething with anger at the same time.

normie get the fuck out
This"nice guy" is basically betaspeak for "entitled man child with delusions of grandeur"
Frailty Thy Name is Woman
Their actions cause trouble and grief for those around them and will further decay our society. They will get what they deserve only because their irresponsible behavior is literally destroying the very system that is funding and facilitating that behavior. Sooner or later their safety net will break as a result of a collective amount of irresponsibility over the years piles up and then what?How long can our governments keep funding this shit before it becomes unsustainable. The key issue here is to maintain a sustainable system, and these fuckwads who pop out child after child like their womb is a Pez dispenser are fucking it up not only for themselves but for everyone else.All altruistic behavior is driven by the Modus Operandi of Self-Preservation. By keeping order and sustainability in a financial sense, people can get greater access to resources. In the end, it's not about being rewarded or punished but to keep things in order so people can survive in this world.
well back in the days you could die at the hand of white knights for making a womyn butthurt
So be the me that I would want to date in personality?Easy peasy. I'll start working on it. I know who I want.
I've written a few articles why men of colour are better than white guys.Though it's just my hobby to wind others up, I may have done more damage than I first thought I would.
is happening. We're going to go extinct.
mice = humansThis beautiful ones meme needs to end.
Even if it's indeed a stretch, I don't think it's completely reductive to think that we share basic behavioural patterns with less brain developed animals.After all, our higher brain functions are often put aside when it comes to social interactions.
It's happening! White genocide! Jews did 9/11! The moon landings never happened! We're being magically mind controlled into becoming cucks!-/pol/, every weekend
and all these is very true ad interesting for any rooki that dosnt understand the societales sex dynamicsbut I only wanted to point out thatIf you are toxic, you will attract toxic peoplemight not be true
So I can just play on being depressed and put in minimal effort?
That faggot from Hatred sure is seeming more and more admirable as the days go by.
normie scum
fuckedAnd? Where are they now? I mean I know you must be really proud for having one night stands with gross bar sluts, I felt the same way when I was 18.One day you'll start looking for mrs. right and realize she doesn't exist, and you've got to sort through the bargain bin of dirty bar sluts and pick the least damaged, least used up one. Have fun.
intellectually challenging you in a heated verbal debate.ey bb ur such a slutOMG Chad no I'm notyeah whateverwow you're so smart I totally want you right now
find a girlshe thinks the awkwardness is cutemention i garden"I have a spare tomato plant"she wants itshes outdoorsyone thing:shes blackwhy
Being quiet, deferential, and polite are indicators of low-status males.So you mean I can both repel women, and not be a shit human being at the same time?Sounds like a win-win.
Only if you have a vagina
If a girl has too much self esteem, she turns into an insufferable bitch. Black girls will never have too much self esteem because societies beauty standards pretty much entirely reject them.Most low self esteem girls just put on an obnoxious persona see: fat girls, most black girls. Very very few retain any kind of timidness.
What about gentle femdom ?
why not?
This is why nice guys finish last
Even the traditional women on Fox.
Is there any stacy, normie, or pepe mods out yet for hatred?Im really reeeeeing after reading this thread. I'm not responsible for what might happen the next time a normie girl crosses the line.
70% good 30% bad ?some robots made lots of good points
you won't do anything you fucking beta cuck
I really suggest you watch your language around me right now. I am feeling extremely volatile and will harm all and any who dare raise their sword in my direction, normie or robot alike.
normie or robot alike.Welp
out workin the corner gettin my moneysorting through used slutsyou know they make more women every day
like I care about your sword you fucking weabbo I bet is a katana,-.______________,=========, [| _____________#######_ /===============.-.___,--" _\ "-._,__,__[JW]____\########/ \   ####O## \ \___/,.#######\ `====" \#######\ \#######\ ##O####| ####__," `--""
Is it possible to attract women with confidence without being a douchebag?
It is, but it's very hard.Notice how it's mostly very attractive women getting bored by a typical nice "hey what's up, nice profile!" conversation.I really buy into this "nice guy" bullshit actually, because it's true. Not because women innately abhore these type of men, but for some reason women have become so desensitized to normal social interaction  I'm guessing the 150+ other thirsty beta's talking to her online have helped in that . So that when a man with the 'guts' to approach her and in fact not really care about the outcome of the interaction, nor supplicating to her, she's rather surprised.Truly, not that many men do this.A handsome dude with a typical "hey what's up :D" will not make her pussy tingle as much, trust me.I don't think this has always been the case.This is a cultural thing, not an evolutionary biological one.
This post is literally perfect.
Possibly the only insightful thread on r9k after weeks
Who else here /betaexiting/?Done with women forever. I know there are others like us.
I want to call you an asshole, but you sound so right. This and a combination of other factors is what will end society.
Just wanting some exclusive sexual and emotional intimacy with a woman who doesn't weigh upwards of 300 lbs or have a load of STDs is being misogynistic these days But really, there's just not much point. I feel horrible that I haven't experienced sex at the age of 25, because it's such a big part of the human experience in general, but everything that goes along with females in 2015 just seems insurmountable and downright hateful towards men.You can't even be a lame goofball when asking girls out or pursuing them, now you have to worry about being jailed for false rape charges or having the shit kicked out of by white knight cuntrags. There's no way for me to have a normal, safe, happy relationship that includes a sexual component. Feminism has genuinely ruined western society, but it's basically social and professional suicide to acknowledge this in any way.
Spengler was right.Spengler was always right.Read him robots.This is the beginning of the empire.
reporting
Ivy League at least for undergradintellectualpick oneto go to an Ivy League undergrad a you generally have to be extremely motivated to succeed by societies standards, which means you can get good grades but not think for yourself b you have no time to be intellectual because the workload is ridiculous and burns out the human mind.
I am a PhD in engineering at a mid sized university. Do you want to know how many women grads are in our department? 7.
You realise back in Rome chads were slaves of beta nerds?
HOW TO APPEAR CONFIDENT????
it's not like you can blame an emotional response to childhood. you escaped it somehow, other people haven't yet.
This. Women love being courted. Just look at all the gentlemen in romance novels and chick-flicks. The only catch is you have to be good-looking for it too work.Then ugly betas try being nice and it doesn't work, so they conclude all women want assholes. But's it's not being nice that's the problem, it's being unattractive.A good-looking guy being nice is a gentleman while and ugly-guy being nice is a pussy.A good-looking guy being an asshole is challenging and sexy, while an ugly guy being an asshole is a creepy d-bag.Give a woman an attractive man and she can rationalize anything. Looks are everything.
taking the jerk home from the bar who’s spent most of the night intellectually challenging you in a heated verbal debateFriendzoned no longer gentlesirs
While women claim to want “the nice guy,” we’re genetically hard-wired to want to procreate with the alpha male because he has stronger sperm.stronger spermlinks a forum postscientifigyeah, naw, no.
30-somethingIs she so retarded so doesn't know her own age? I know it's a part of the unwritten advertisement etiquette or whatever but come the fuck on. She admits she has herpes but not her actual age?? Fuck sake
Your post is going to be ignored because a lot of these fags can't handle the sobering truth.You're 100% correct.
Disagreeing with a stupid cunt is being a jerk
It has nothing to do with how they act because women project all of their fucking weird dark perverted sex bullshit onto youAs the stereotypical "nice guy" I can confirm this to be true.I'm shy, awkward, pretty boring, but decently attractive maybe around a 6.5/10. I met this pretty attractive girl at a bar and she really liked me even though I hardly said a word to her all night. Long story short I ended up losing my virginity to her later that night and afterwards she said that she was having all kinds of sexual fantasies with me but was too afraid to say anything because she thought I wouldn't like her anymore if she told me.
don't worry. ISIS is here to save the world.
you're both right
Is it too late to get in on the rightness?
I'm panning to kill myself this year I'm done being a mid twenties virgin and western society hates men like me so I'll just kill myself
, 
Has /r9k/ ever had a gay experience? Would you ever?
Dude, Dicks is great at 2am when you drunk as fuck. Top notch greasy cheap burger joint.
fishing for fap stories
Im gay
I once saw a faggot getting the shit beaten out of him by another faggot
Anyone have any stories about boipussy?
I remember many gay experiences throughout elementary school and middle school, then a couple in high school. The whole time I felt like I was 'prison gay', that is, I was coerced by other boys and loneliness due to the absence of girls. Nothing too disgusting, however. Mutual masturbation at worst.It's a blot on my conscience that I feel I will never be rid of. How can I respect myself, after I've committed such pathetic, inhuman acts?Why couldn't I have been friends with girls?
Why didn't you record it on your phone and upload it to liveleak?Edgy kids fucking love that shit.
Like a slap hair pull fight? Or like straight up punches?
I once saw a faggot getting the shit beaten out of him by another faggotHot.
I have been fucked in the ass more times than I can count
the hair pulling, slapping and screeching type of course
I miss being 14 and having gay sex at boy scout camp
I love those especially when one gay dude just transforms into a dude bro, his voice gets deep and then starts stomping on the other fag. Shit is gold!
No. Faggots
When i was 14 me and my best friend at the time jerked eachother off on a sleepover. We never talked about it with eachother and have grown apart
tfw my dad is a super betatfw my mom is an alphaMy mom literally made all of the decisions for him, has social skills and can actually talk to people. Why my dad is a super beta like his son and would rather fall asleep reading newspaper and no advanced technologies whatsoever. Like, he thinks it's the 60s.How did he get her, /r9k/?
She got him. A nice little beta provider who won't question where she was all day, or why they can't have sex *again* tonight
Why don't you read /r9k/ - the author, lads?

well he does look like one of us. maybe i will give him a read. what do you recommend?
"Whatever" would be a good place to start. It's about a depressed programmer who hasn't had sex in years and his loser friend who is a 28yo virgin.
Even girls in my dreams reject me ;__;
iktf. are you australian?
same tbh
felinatfwI'm writing a short story about a love triangle between wojak, pepe, and felina... good inspiration pic
Why haven't you embraced homosexuality yet, /r9k/?
I did. And I'm doing it again on the weekend.Not gay, but enjoy getting fucked in the ass.
No homo?
it could be argued that anyone who reads /r9k/ is embracing homosexuality
Because the gay community sucks
gets fucked in the ass by a mannot gay
Hmm, that is a fair point.That is also a fair point.
I'm not really interested in a GF right now I've got my mind on my money and reaching my goals. a girl would just get in the wayWho else know that feel
Me.This has to be my permanent lifestyle, too. I get hyperabsorbed into shit that I do at all times, and dating would just detract from everything else in my life.
Hell yeah son. 'Bout dat life.
This. No guys until I accomplish my career goals, so I'm pretty much alone forever by my own doing. \o/
Lying to yourself? Yeah, I know that feel.
I keep telling myself it until it becomes true

It's a good feel. I want to have my degree and start up my career before settling down and having kids.
Well it's either have money, a house, and a career or chlamydia, HIV/AIDS, gonorhoea, or herpes. I think I prefer money.
I tell myself that, but I cannot lie that getting a good girl is one of the biggest driving forces behind my actions.
tfw a little kid seems to know you're miserabletfw you try your best not to show all those years of anger , and regret tfw Im asked why I look so sadIf only they knew
They don't call you wagecucks for no reason.
I hope you plan for what comes after love, like living out of a car, not being able to see your kids, having your pay docked in order to support kids that aren't yours, possibly ending up in jail on false rape allegations. I hope you are prepared.
Except those goals just involve aimlessly drifting.
Mine goes more like:I'm not really interested in a GF because it seems inconvenient, I want to be able to do whatever I want without having to take some girl's opinion into account
Dumbass. Get an infertile girl or a tranny and keep her as a housewife. No kids no problem.
Fuck you. I bet not even the most ugliest tranny would want to be with you.
 tfw apathetic about everything its a none existent kind of feel
I know these things are all possible, heck even kinda likely, but I can't stop myself.

those mounds of muff hair peeking out of the swimsuitswhy does this do things to my dick?
I will literally be ANY femanons boyfriend. ANYONE. Will someone here be my gf?
no
Yes
You ancestors are disgusted with you.tfw
Are you a girl?
No
, 
Women have value without doing anything, they're born with it. It's simple evolutionary psychology. A tribe can completely reproduce with just a few men but if you only have a few women, you're basically fucked. This is because one man can impregnate hundreds of women at one time but a woman can only be pregnant with one child a time.We see this in modern dating aswell. Men are without exception the beggars, women the choosers. You never see women trying to get laid, they're the ones offering sex, men are trying to get it. No matter how ugly they are there will be men lining up to be with them. Now you're going to say that you want relationships and not sex but it's all the same. Men also want relationships, especially those on the bottom who are so starved of female attention that they would never let you go. Of course Chad won't want a relationship with your 2/10 ass after he pumped and dumped you a drunk night but a robot certainly will.I'm so sick of hearing whores coming here complaining. You CAN NOT relate to us. Please just get the fuck out.
taking the shit on this board seriously
Deal with it. Life is unfair, more news at 11.
I JUST WANT WOMEN TO GET THE FUCK OUT FROM THIS BOARD THEY HAVE RUINED IT BEYOND REDEMPTION.WOMEN ARE A BIGGER SOURCE OF CANCER THAN REDDIT AND /POL/ COMBINED. EVERYWHERE WE SEE /SOC/ THREADS AND ASK "FEMBOTS" AND WHAT NOT PANDERING TO THESE FILTHY CUNTS.
Seriously, nothing pisses me off more than hearing about some slut who's not a virgin whining about how non-existant her love life is, i'm not usually a super r9k type but that just makes me sperg, when some piece of shit whore acts like shes one of us.
Even if a girl is a virgin she's not one of us. She can only be a virgin by choice which in itself is admirable but that doesn't make her a robot.
Same tbhAlso when someone complains about not having sex for a monthThat shi pisses me off
I blame women for my virginity
thats not what he said you stupid roastie
this month's buzzword
Not denying being a roastieToastie Roastie
tfw not even good enough to get a job at taco bell
That sucks broseph.Did you ever consider that it is because you are obviously overqualified and that they do not want to spend time and money training an obvious cool dude on a job he will leave soon probably to star in a major motion picture
Why would you want to?Get those neetbux son.
Tell us about her, /r9k/.
she's the light of my life
nose piercingBetter luck next time Chad.
She has no arms.
SHE HAS NO GRACE
She can't hug people anon. She's not a good person like that.
Don't post that pic you little shit.That's not canon and it never will be.
Sadly, it's written as true ending in the game files. I should know, I'm also a Rinfag.
tfw I was to much of a beta to at least know here nameshe probably doesn't know I even existtfw the ride never fucking ends
shes my girlfriend but shes also dumb as fuck and doesn't know what iifym and calorie counting means, wont lift anything that doesnt affect her ass and legs and it pisses me offmy gf is never gonna make it and its fucked
my gfDude , are you fucking kidding me . When will you understand you need to fuck off
no
I guess it does make more sense.Any chance you could recommend me some other visual novels?KS is the first thing I've read in a long time.Maybe it's time you left the board forever. I think we'd all benefit from that.
She's like a porcupine that also hates people
TFW to pious for this shit
She is funny, cute, a great singer and dancer, good at everything to do with sports, great smile, best dimension. Literally perfect. She is my princess. I love you Makoto.
I don't know her, but I think I know her from somewhere. If I'm correct then we would be perfect for each other.At the least I'll just keep fantasizing.
Oh boy, here we go... i hope this doesnt 404 butthis is gonna be a long one, but she was the cause of the best time of my life, but also the absolute worst. here goesbe 17, 2012chatting up on omeglesee this qt younger girl. end up talking with her for over and hour, we hit it right off and we love the same shit. and its like we are a perfect fit right off the bat, she was 2 years younger but i didnt mind.tfw computer does windows update and i lose her.literally find her again, swap facebooks.become best friends all that summer and during the fallfast foreward to early 2013crushing on each other so hard.we start dating long distancefall madly in love with her like have no other person ever.shes there for me, we share the same jokes, we relate to each other on the deepest levels, shes there for me sticks up for me she has my back and i have hers.its the most perfect thing in the world for 9 months. I feel the happiest ive ever felt in my entire life.september 2013get a message from her"i fucking hate you you piece of shit we are done"someone had told her that i cheated on her and she believed itto "get back at me" she blocks me, and dates this like 23 year old neckbeard for a month and comes back to meme being the naive idiot i was i take her back.we go through a rough patch lots of arguing but it passes over and everything is back to its normal way now everything is beautiful and im glad i never gave up2014 nowspring and summer months went amazing we'd talk on the phone every single day. and i got a webcam so we started skyping a lot. we would spend 12 hours daily talking to each other through there. we'd even fall asleep togetheroh she was the cutest mother fucker ever when she slept. made the most adorable little noises. enough to make my heart melt. 100 times.she is so perfect and i feel loved again im so special and so is shestart saving up for a bus ticket to go see her IRLits long ill continue
understandably
She spends too much time on her appearance.Confirmed for vapid husk.
she knows this is going to happenwe both get very very excitedfall rolls aroundshe has to go back to school nowmessage her at school, proud of her for good gradesshe meets this male "friend" name anthony whos this low test jew nosed ginger looking kidtell her politely that i am not comfortable with her hanging out with him so muchshe appologizesget a message that night"anon im sorry... i stayed the night at his house he just kinda showed up and..i couldnt say no"get furiousa shred of me thinks she isnt cheating so i just tell her that whatever dont go there again, she swears on my life.things continue on as normal for a majority of the fall, i am now becoming very paranoid and insecure that she is lying to me.still love her to deathshe still at least acts like she loves meshes nurturing and kind, reads me stories every night and tells me how much she loves me and how she will never leave meshe goes through a depressive stage, and slowly starts putting on a lot of weight, starts cutting, slowly start noticing her become more of a typical womenshe starts dying her hair crazy colors, wearing a choker, using waist trainers... tumblr stapley shitpls no these are the red flags r9k warned me aboutstill love her but grow slightly more miserable every dayshe starts acting weird again, always is texting away on her phone when we skype, acting uninterested towards me, always going out to her "lady friends" house, dudes that are 100 tims hotter than me start hitting on her on facebookcant take it, get crazy, cant help but to accuse her of shit left and rightend up hacking her facebook.find out that in that winter of 2013 she was two timing me with that neckbeard dude, even called him her boyfriend before me, was sexting nudes to literally every guy that talked to her, found out she was seeing that ginger guy, and they fucked, found out when she was going to her lady friends house. she was going therecant believe my eye
he didnt get the bad ending first
She was my best friend. Cute, really funny, more athletic than I am. Spent all my highschool days with her. Happiest times.We used to play Team Fortress 2 together all the time. And sometimes she would kick my ass in Smash Bros Melee.One day, we went to one of our mutual friend's brithday party. We got drunk, and she kissed me. We slept together, but she was drunk as fuck, so I didn't try anithing. Can you spot the huge fuckup there ?It got kinda awkward afterwards. We were... kinda flirting. I told her right away that if we started siomething, I wanted to try and go for a real relationship. She agreed.Spring vacations came, and I was to travel for two weeks with my family. We kissed goodbye, and I went.Two weeks later, I came back. First thing, I called her, said I wanted to see her. She said she wasn't in town today, tomorrow for sure...There was a little party at my friend's place. I went there.She was sitting on the lap of my friend.I later learned she was dating and fucking him for ten days or so. He was one of my best friend and he knew about her and me.Went home, and didn't cry. RAGEmode unlocked, I worked all night.After the highschool, I went to a Litterature University. Started lifting, dressing well, working part-time at a restaurant, and spent every single hour avaible writing.Fast forward two years later, I came back in town. I had several one night stands in those years.Fucked her, her sister, and her best friend in a month. I thought that it would bring me closure. it didn't. I have not trusted a single girl or guy since that night.I still think about her when I work.
cont. 3/?have a total mental breakdown because of this, everything there after comes unraveled. I lost my shit, tried to kill myself by hanging, and spent my 20th birthday in the mental hospitalget out, sweep all of this back under the rug pretend everything is normal but it isnttense always, she made an excuse and was all "im sorry i love you so much, so much but i cant help it i feel like all i do is hurt the people around me, please feel sorry for me even though im a monster" and cuts herself up like a thanksgiving turkey.end up trying to kill self againby this time all of my IRL friends have moved away, she is literally the only company i have right now.hear from a doctor that, a blood clot has been lodged into the back of my brain near my juggular and i need to be hospitalizeddump her before i go to hospitalhave the stupidness to talk to her in there, figured id let her know that i could diethey have me on blood thinners, they dont let me moveone night while im sleeping it breaks loose goes through my heart and into my lungshave a pulmonary embolism, have to be rushed into surgerythey keep me in observation a few days after.tell her im homestart talking again as normal but notcant sleep at night, im in so much anguish over it, that this person i loved so much hurt me like thisshe starts getting upset with me because "im so mean to her" i yell at her, call her a cheating bitch, break down cryingout of nowhere if she picks up her phonecant controll itwhole life is falling aparthack her emailfind out, that the night i was in surgery after my mom had told her...during that time...she was on meetme, telling a dude she was looking to "hook up" as i could have diedsob eyes outshes the only one i ever talk tohave no one else to talk to about thistotally at her mercyend up being a little bitcha nd crying at her feet.the best i ever get from her is "oh noo poor babby :"
Reeeeeereee
Triple dubs wasted on your faggot story.And what gives you the right to post Rin when you betrayed her for inferior 3D and got cucked?Well now you're just talking out of your ass.
Her name: Melina.I can't tell you her surname, but I had a crush on her since year 8; second grade middle school in the US.She's the best swimmer in the school. She had these beautiful legs that I could masturbate to all day.She was a harry potter fan, so I tried to use it as a common interest to get to her.I get repeating her name while cuddling my hug pillow to sleep every night.Eventually, I creeped her out the usual /r9k/ style.I just lost my virginity to a prostitute a few days ago. In hindsight, sex and orgasms have no meaning.The only thing I have left to look forward to is my future life in politics. And if I'm successful, I wonder if this absence of pleasure like when I fucked the prostitute will creep onto me to.I've got depression, autism and social anxiety disorder. When I try to be myself, I scare people away.By this point, I don't even resent the way things happen to me. I understand hard determinism free will philosophy stuff, so 'kind of' just accept it.Life feels so terribly dull. I've experienced alcohol and sex, two things supposedly profound.I say to myself 'this is the only world that is possible' as my one cold comfort.
I'm so sick of coming here and hearing about this normie bullshit and all the cucking.Go to /b/ and talk shit there because WE DON'T FUCKING WANT YOU HERE!
cont, last onebe still in limbo to her to this daycling to her like a dumb stupid cuck no matter whatfeel literally addicted to hertfw its too lateif i would have dumped her when i should have she would have felt bad, and probably be hurt too.tfw now she sees me as a chump, because i was always stupid enough to tell her my insecurities"i feel like im not good enough for you" etc etctfw i know if i cut ties with her she might care a little bit but will move on and live a happy lifetfw ill be just as miserable.tfw been hurting non stop over this bullshittfw pouring my fuckign heart out to r9k at 5 in the morning about this.tfw i still dont want anyone else, and no one else would ever care about metfw has emotional deprevation disorder so i clng to anything that offers me any kind of motherly/loving affection.tfw feel like im not even living, sitting alone at night every day. shutting myself in, not wanting what i want. struggling every day. having to take so many pills to even keep me sanerealize that she broke me, as a person.still cant leavestill cant fucking leaveblock her but unblock her the next daywaht the fuck is wrong with me, im the dumb cuck that r9k always talks aboutdevolop self hatred over that. know im a useless cuck that wants to do soemthing about it but canttake up drinkingend up drinking myself to sleep every night so far.chasing medication with alcohol big no notfw drunk and typing thiswhat the fuck do i even do with myself holy shit... i just cant stop. part of me wishes she just like, lost her internet, or like, had to go to a hospital for a very long time. i feel ok when im away from her. its just the though of "OH SHIT I DONT KNOW WHERE SHE IS SHES FUCKING PEOPLE AGAIN OH GOD NO NOOO -has mental breakdown again-.by the way, the bus tickets were a waste. her mom was "in the hospital and you cant come down bad time" after i spent 600 dollars in preperation to go see her assFin
my future life in politics
find her againfucking how? this is bad story telling
If you have a "her" then you're a normie. Fuck off normie.Sageru
She has a bigger penis than me
confused cuckmad cucksad cuckcuckuck
2/10 but I kekd anyway.Having more than one waifu will ruin your laifu. You should know this, anon.This guy knows how it is.
And thats exactly why i fucking hate myself right now.
It's ok, mang. We all hate you too.
be last spring break from uni late marchbe at home, visiting the couple friends I have leftone of these friends is a girl who i wasn't super close to but have known for a long time more of a became friends because of friends thingim driving her homewe're alone in the car and she kisses mewe talk for a bit, she says she liked me for a period in high schoolshe was super cute and i totally would've gone for her if i had known but my chance was way way over and i'm also a complete beta who wouldn't ever be able to initiate anything with a girlshe sucks my dickthis is greatwe keep in touch afterwards, with her saying we could probably go all the way during the summer but casuallythis makes me happy, and even if i know it's only casual it's the closest thing i'll ever get to a real gfuni gets out for summer in two weeks and i was super excitedlast week she messaged me saying that she has a boyfriend so she can't do anything with me over the summersuffering ensuesand that is the tale of how i got my hopes up but i'm doomed to be alone forever
her mom was "in the hospital and you cant come down bad time" after i spent 600 dollars in preperation to go see her assWhat this actually means:I'm having a 3sum with Chad and Brad tonight. I see you as a friend I enjoy getting attention and love from, but I don't want to have sex with you, ever.
THIS CRIPPLED GIRL
I will hear no more of this.
tl;dr - I'm a failed normie who can't get sex with an average or below average girl, YET.
did you ever have sex with her?
Kill her you fucking moron.
She's fictional.I stopped dating a "real" girl because I fell in love with her.
I am honestly debating doing that
Don't look back anon.
this thread
I fucked up and now I can't seem to fix itShe also fucked up but I'm the one wanting herejust forget about her anon ...
just kill yourself anon ...
I haven't, not even once.The more I think about her, the more repulsive other women become.
is my coworker

he is very lovely and perfect and I'll see him tomorrow
at first she friendzoned me but I kept at itthen she said she liked me so I kept at itthen she said she touched herself while thinking about meI think I'm slowly getting somewhere
you will never experience waking up next to a girllive?
been there with a girl, we eventually ended up dating, her being my first gf and the first person i think ive loved. keep at it anon you're doing good
she recently got a bf and it's not me 
We recently broke up, she said right to my face she's planning on fucking a new guy
I'll date you anon.
She is amazing. She will do anything for me and we are a perfect team. Been together for 1 an 1/2 year and move together in an apartement next month. I really can't complain.Well...she is very jealous of other woman, which is very problematic sometimes, but she is giving her best to change that.
Well...she is very jealous of other womanShe's projecting and is almost certainly cheating. Enjoy.
She was the one man. The true oneitis. I knew when I met her. But in the end she was just too much a "free spirit" which gave her slutty habits that she wasn't willing to change for me. So I had to let her go.Even the girl I'm with now all I can think about is her. Even after all this time I miss her and it hurts. It's so wrong that even my current GF and any GF after will always be second best and never as good as her, and it disgusts me honestly. I just see my current girlfriend as a means to get my dick wet and not be alone.
She is jealous and comparing herself to other women. Watch out man, next thing you know she will be fucking tyrone titandick in your apartment.
i dont deserve love
She was cheated on by her first bf of 2 years, that's why she is so afraid of losing me for another woman. Her mother constantly tells her how ugly and fat she is since she was a child. Maybe that's why she is so jealous. If she cheats on me...well I will dump her and learn my lessen, so what?
I experienced the same thing, probably around the same time.I feel you dawg
It's so wrong that even my current GF and any GF after current GFany GF after
twf I live in Germanytwf no Tyronetwf no niggerstwf I am Chad
I realized that she's nothing special and as bad as other women, thus I will no longer stay in contact.
She is a robot and I don't know what the fuck is going on. She just randomly started calling me her boyfriend after only a week talking on Skype.And the way she acts you would think we had been married for ages. She is always worried about me talking to or seeing other girls even though she knows I'm an introvert.Since I met her things have been...strange. She is strange. I think she has mental problems..sometimes I get a yandere vibe from her because she says things like "I'll kill you" if I take a while to respond.Not even making this up either.
Implying she won't take Ali or Mustafa
Teach me your ways senpai.
Keep her close to you. She sounds like a keeper if she's not dedicated..chad.
yeah
She's qt neotenious, kind and generous, she wakes up early, advocates for Amnesty International. She is addicted to League of Losers and spends big bucks on skins and probably runes and shit as well. I met her at a university camp and she gave off signals of interest, however, after we returned I only messaged her when I and my friends when they got my phone was drunk/high and just kept fucking blowing it with her. There shouldn't have been a reason for me to fall in love, she was a lot different than I was, but it did and I fucking blew it. It was a learning experience.
She has curly blonde-brown hair she usually wears in a ponytail, hazel eyes and she likes to smile.God gave me the perfect chance to make a move and I didn't. I don't expect another. But someday I will redeem my honor via sudoku.
that when feel
I don't even know her name, but she reminded me of paintings from the renaissance, and she was graceful, and she was beautiful, and I did not talk to her when I could have
That's so hot.
That photo you posted is amazing. I love artwork like that.The person I'm fond of is a gentle, Christian woman who always has people hovering around her due to her ability to encourage anyone. She dedicated her life to building shelters for the homeless in a second world county.My goals are complete different. I left religion recently and am obsessed with experiencing every pleasure this world has to offer and using financial success as a way to live in complete freedom.I figured it would be pointless to tell her how I feel as I'm not a good fit for her.
Everytime I've ever had a 'her' it's ended badly so I don't see the point in trying anymore
Tell us anon about him, femanons.
qt mousy nerd girlshy and nicefriend of my old classmatemet briefly at some house warming partydidn't talk to her though because of spaghettitfw according to her twitter she has never had a date or bftfw she every now and then reblogs tumblr equivalent of "tfw no bf" on her blogIf only I had a network of friends or if only I had talked to her at that party, I could contact her or something without looking like a complete weirdo.
can we play sudoku together friend?I'm free someday, we can pencil it in
work for it faggot. your chances of success are high
I've been out of social life for 2-3 years now, so there is really no way of contacting her without making myself look like a creep. I've been losing lots of weight this year so I now look better than ever before, and I know where she hangs out so I've been thinking of 'accidentally' happening be on the same place at the same time and going likeh-hey, aren't you the friend of my old classmate?or something like that to get it going and maybe get her number.We still live in the same small city so we might be on the same bus someday. Fuck me, if only I had a network of friends.
do you attend classes or anything? join a club and build from there. also that plan sounds good.
I'd say the forecast is looking good, brother anon! That's really not too bad a plan.
She graduated earlier this year so we won't be seeing at school, but she's part of some board gaming club and I have absolutely no clue which one. I can only hope we meet by 'accident', and if we do really happen to be at the same place at the same time I need to grow the biggest pair of balls and approach her.
She's a cunt who I wish never existed in the first place.
I am glad i gave up 3D.I tried.Women are whores.Filthy,traitorous whores.Well i am now happy with 2D.Pic related.
The first person I loved. I met her when I was young and vulnerable and she cared about me. She was my teacher, but we developed a friendship after I was a second year college student. That first love feeling
We spent 3 years being awkward together. I cheated on her a bunch because I'm fucking terrible at communication and autistic as fuck. It's been a year since she found out and we're just now building our relationship into what it should've been to begin with.Not sure whether or not it was beneficial yet.
Is it even possible to make friends as a 1st worlder without a jewbook account?
yes it is, guys from simple pick up are doing it all the time
IWho else /cantgetoutofbedinlessfap/
Me, I hate it but I can't help it.
me, i want to stop but the world is just too much negativity and bad news.fapping is my way of meditation
Morning wood is the only time I get proper erections. I can get reasonably hard looking at porn and stuff but never anything as strong and resonant as that morning boner. It would be a shame to let it go to waste.
I'm the opposite, I can't get to sleep until I fap.
Sad because I'm on my 8th and last beerWhere did everything go so wrong
Where did everything go so wrongIt went wrong with your 1st beer.
Probably when you didn't buy the ninth beer.
When you didn't pick up that reserve case of beer.
at the liquor store. you should have bought a flat.
When you didn't buy pure ethanol in bulk. Cheaper and cleaner.
buying denatured ethanol
When you ran out of beer
quick, drive to the liquor store before they close
implying you do this position
Implying I do any position.;
that looks like a recipe for a broken dick
Is that a roastie?
muslim roastie to be exact
Am I passable, guys?
Fuck off you attention whoring slut
Not with those shoulders.
As what? You don't look like a female if that's what you're asking
Yeah. Now stop being an attention whore.
Fuck off, normie.
go to your containment board tranny
You're an attention whore and a real whore. You're the worst of both worlds. You're a degenerate and you should feel bad.
Lmao look im a maymay
Id let you shit in ny mouth
I'm gonna need more pictures to make that call
Don't be rude.
Disgusting man/10
Fck off stacie-kun, go whine about that massive amount of cock you get and getting paid for it aswell somewhere else
This is all the proof I need to know that Hell exists and I live in it.What's your number?
show yr tattoos plz
not even fucking close. you have the chin/jaw of a man. you failed. now kill yourself.

I actually liked the first thread. Sequels are never good.
strong manly jawline/10nice wig tho
Is that a mustache?Even I shave better than youWould treat you like the whore you are though
i would
you look like a real woman. how awful; fuck you. all that I was living for and you can make pretend as well, at least you don't have a womb
How does it feel knowing that you look like a man with a wig?
Hell no
waiting a whole year to post this picture againhow sad
Do you have a nose with a large dorsal bridge or straight like a right-angle triangle?
Yup. My ex had a dress similar to that one actually :
You don't look very manly but you still look like a man. At best you could pass for a very masculine woman.
This town ain't no place for a lady like you missy.
this
It's better from that angle, you should do some make up tricks to distract from your jaw and smile alot.post your dick
No, honestly. I'm sorry.
Yea you just need to get a bit skinnier.
you look like you have paper blocking your face tbh
just bee urself
I'm surprised no one's asked how tall OP is yet. That could factor into /r9k/'s verdict.
Nope! :
Red flags for boyshe says "hella"
Fuck off roastie
Swearing is hecka retarded
enjoying my Californian privilege to say stupid shit constantly right now
He acts hella feminine
let me guess OP is a freshman in college
Is "hell of" acceptable?As in, "smug anime girl posters are hell of stupid"?
That sounds even dumber.
He won't let me lock his cock
he drinks kid drinks like hot chocolatehe drinks girl drinks like latteshe puts sugar or cream in his coffee
you're stepping in a hecka lot of shit
he drinks kid drinks like hot chocolateWhat's wrong with having hot chocolate when it's cold out?
He has a desktop PC.
he swears in place of proper adjectives
literally plays VIDEOGAMES asks me to have sex instead of just doing itcar is dirty/small/old
So if he says "wanna fuck?" you'll say no? I mean, you can't expect guys to just pull down your panties and go to town without saying anything
he won't let me finger his boypussy raw
doesn't pretend to fall for my bait even when i put no effort into it
He jerks off to drawings
implying I care what's a red flag for some hella autistic girl on 4chan
he isn't 2DI am not 2D
he doesn't replace his piss bottles every week
his favorite president isn't Van Buren
presidentdisgusting
thats hella lame
he won't feed out of my mouth like a baby bird
drinking coffee
 pretending to be a girl on an imageboard wanting your steamfriend to bully your boipussy posting pics of 2D girls to fool impressionable robofriends
he isn't a 2d girl
he refuses to drink anything but black coffeehe's not old enough to buy his own alcoholhe's an edgy faggothe's you
he drinks a lot of energy drinkshe gets angry easily while drivinghe wears all blackge claims to hate cats/dogs I don't mind if he doesn't like pets, but there's an edgy breed of guys who want to seem different by actively hating themI just find these things are characteristic of an immature guy. Since I'm not 20 anymore, I try to avoid.
he's not a big guy for me
he will only say it for another week.sometimes you get stuff like that stuck in your head after watching stupid shit
He wears baseball caps
This. He might as well wear a diaper.
Reminds me of this
I just find these things are characteristic of an immature guy. Since I'm not 20 anymore, I try to avoid"I just got done with getting fucked by Chad twice a day and now I need a mature man to take care of me"
It's so weird when a seemingly normal man orders a hot chocolate from a cafe
This one got me.
hella hella hella
He eats food for the taste.
not doing exactly thatNothing turns my girl on more than just holding her ass, looking her in the eye, then lowering, pulling her pants down with my teeth can unbotton/zip with hand if necessary and start to lick her outGuaranteed sex.
Red flags for girlsbreathingRed flags for girlshaving a metabolismRed flags for girlsexistingRed flags for girlsbeing conceivedRed flags for girlseverything
fuck off used up hag
Three words: hella f*cking epic
STFU mouthcuck.
he's s1n
tfw you're 25wonder why you're still a virginlook in the mirrorthat's whyGo on tinder, not one match. Why must I be have this ugly burden. Go out to pub, not one woman wants to talk to me.
you look 35, what did you do with your life?
OP filenameI've seen this picture before
is this a bait thread? look at your fucking jawline, you look like a chad. I can guarantee it's your personality/subpar groomingluckily both are ameliorable. get obamacare and free therapy and fix yourself, love will followfucking compliment baiting low self esteem faggot
who /nocturnal/ here?
Ay
yes
I'm so /nocturnal/ it's midday again.
define nocturnal.I sleep at 7pmI wake up at 3am
Who /socalfag/ here? 3:21 AM and still awake, the ride neverrrrrr ennnddssss ahahahahaahAhahahahahahaa
But who are you quoting?
6:25 AMprobably gonna wake up at 3 PM and get back on /r9k/great life
wtf you mean. Thats my sleep schedule
sleep at 10amwake up at 11pmrinserepeate
sleep at 11amwake up at 7pm
I am whenever I can be, and I revert to it automatically if I don't have a schedule for whatever reason.Night's just better. It has a certain atmosphere to it that's more romantic than daylight's, and I just function better at night. Nightwalks are awesome, and so is stargazing.I think my upbringing kinda programmed me to be nocturnal. I grew up in Vegas where things were always open 24/7, and the summers were always so hot that there was no point being up while the sun was out. Shopping, running errands, and visiting friends at 2-3 AM was just normal. Dad worked graveyard shifts, too, so he was up at night, and I was too if I wanted to see him.Shit, I think I'm gonna go for a nightwalk now.
who /cantsleepbecauseimadeahugemistakeandfeellike throwingupandcryingsomeonehelpmeineedsomeonetotellmeitsokandimnotafailure/ here?
sleep at 10amwake up at 8pmstill tired all night long
what's the best way to get prescribed sleeping pills today i'm seeing my doctor and i need them like right now
Daily reminder that your life is a failure.
i haven't ejaculated in 121 days
I don't need you to tell me that faggot
That's pretty good, bro. Keep it up or quite the opposite xD
what's the consensus for what constitutes success?
there is no escape from this hell
Fuck off with that anime shit.
Fuck off with that anime shit.
In a wildlife I would have no chance to survive while birthing and live.
how can I fail if I never had any purpose in the first placecheckmate
t-thanks
in a wildlife, i would have been eaten by some animal because im pretty much blind without glasses. like i cant see things clearly unless its less than a foot from my face.
Felt like my life was a failure for awhile but now I've,getting decent gainsstarting to eat healthierfapping less like once a day, which is pretty good considering 5 a day was average for megot a seasonal job at a theme parkgot friendsswitching from a degree I hate in college and finally think I've got a grasp on what I want to doMy work fixing up my life is going pretty alright. Now trying to finally get a gf now that I have the social skills and aesthetics, but I dunno where to even start. Online dating maybe?
can I buy this?I would wear it everyday
nvm found itcom/not_a_ghost_tee-235023256488575239tfw 28 us dollarshisSmileAndOptimisimGone.jpg
Online datingonly if you can manage your expectationshow old are you? Just go to a bar or wherever the nightlife is and start talking to people. I wish I knew how to open but I know you only get good at it by practicing.If you want a real relationship you probably want to aim for someone at school or work not a bar sloot but ymmv
I was destined to fail.
Would you date a girl with pizza face and super greasy skin that can't be fixed with showers?
not if she's a weeaboo
Yes, but she wants Chad.
if she's a patrician weeaboo and will cosplay as my waifu
nah
Yes but Would you date me OP?handsome as heckbut oily skin
as long as I can put my dick in her and not have to do anything else
Sure if she is a virgin and not fat.
I dated a girl with pretty bad acne and that was fineBut not greasy skin. Surely you can fix that up with proper skin care?
I take a shower and two hours later I'm greasy as hell.I also have acne on my shoulders, back and breast.Yeah, I'm thin and a virgin but have a roastie.Sure.Who is your waifu?Anyways pretty shameful wanting 3D to taint your waifu with cosplay.
What's a pizza face? Like it has toppings and stuff?
no i want a high quality non primitive white girlfriend
not if she is a roastie
Maybe, if she's cute otherwise and fun to be around. Or if she has cow tits.
Yeah, it's topped with acne scars, pimples, blackheads, holes, and grease in general.
at some point you don't care about the shame anymore and just want to be held
showering too often will make it worse. get on accutane, it's the only shit that really works.
U KK
it could be your shampoo, I used to use head and shoulders thinking I had dandruff and it left my forehead incredibly greasy after 6 hours or so. changed to something much softer and now I can go two or more days with barely any accumulation compared to before
Is OP looking for some NEET luvin?
Fuck the UK T E X A SEXAS
I have tried lots of things like salicylic acid, glycolc acid, linoleic acid oils, sulfur based cleansers, medicated soaps etc. and nothing worked.Funny thing is that my hair is not as greasy as my body so is not my shampoo.No I'm just nearing cristmas cake age and never had a bf in my life also feel greasy as fuck and got the feels.
I'm your age. I've had luck with females, but I'm probably as sad and pathetic as you are. Dated greasy cute girl before. She was sincere and adorable in her own way. I would easily give you want you need.
yes. I was in the same boat for 10 years. do accutane, it will work. the rest of that shit is snake oil. one of my biggest regrets is not starting it sooner I didn't start until I was 23
I had a mild accutane treatment when I was 15I want to end this nightmare.I would accept but I don't live in America or the UK.
Want a pen pal..?
Yes, but I don't want to be rude because I'm about to go to bed and might nor reply today.
AUSTRALIA?
postit
fine I'll post my skype instead: harpersanchez
Incoming broscience:From the sounds of it, you probably have a shit diet, and instead of getting fat, you are sweating a lot due to having a high metabolism and your body operating at a higher temperature trying to burn all the excess calories. Happens to me every time I make lasagne, have to take my shirt off since it gets too hot.
No.I don't have a skype account, so I'll post my e mail, here it goes Komeiji159@yahoo.com.As I said before I'm about to go to bed but surely reply tomorrow.
Where do you live?
M E X I C OEXICOAll that greasy food.
Sent. Be good to hear from you, grease-kun.
Hey OP it's I don't give a fuck what your vagina looks like.. So will you be my QT 4chan gf? I'll send you a picture of me on Skype

oh  the homey beat me to the punch. well i'm sure there will be more GFs available tomorrow.
Fucking internet detective.Practice throwaway emails OP.But I can pretend to be your 40 year old spanish bf
ya I wouldI have acne myself so I wouldn't judge someone else for itpls love me
Yes, I would lick your greasy acne face. You like?
just get out of your comfort zone, anon
That's normie code for "be more like me and other normies".
it's actually a good idea. But it takes more than that to convince someone to do it.
Please don't do that to the queen
The queen wouldn't care if that happened to you.
I like this image.
She is not "the" queen. She's "a" queen. Of a multiculturalist country. I don't give a single fuck about this whore.
Top 5 worst norman philisophyRight there with b urself and just talk to her
Top 1: be yourselfTop 2: be confidentTop 3: get out of your comfort zoneTop 4: just walk up to girl and say hiTop 5: it doesn't matter what you say, what matters is how you say it
do something that scares you every day
These fucking faggots will do anything to avoid the inevitable reality that looks  all else.Of course women will just shame you for seeing things as they are, rather than being another blue-pilled, mindless cuck.
What does it feel like to have an old-fashioned girlfriend?
no one on here would know since everyone on this board is a faggot or socially inept and refuses to make any effort towards being a better overall person maybe go out and try to meet that perfect girl you fags are always going on about, fuck
Shit because she acts like a spineless wimp, constantly going on about "muh housewife" "muh motherly kindness" "muh pleasing my boyfriend". Fuck that bitch.Fuck you Catherine, why don't you love me any more?
I got an old fashioned wife. It is the greatest feeling on Earth.She wears dresses/skirts all the time.Was a kissless virgin when we met.Didn't kiss me until the 10th date because her father approved of me.Stays at home and has dinner ready when I come home from work.Loves to cuddle every day.Seriously we cuddle for like 1-2 hours every day after dinner.Will not talk to any other man except family.Will do anything I ask and I will do anything she asks.Kindest person I have ever met.Strongly dislikes feminists.Never argue ever.Stays fit with the home gym I have and never over eats.Only leaves the house if she goes with me or goes grocery shopping.Sleeps while I shitpost while shitting on the shitter because I woke up needing to shit. I tell her I love every day and it always ends in her kissing and embracing me. Going to impregnate her soon for children. I come here all the time to tell robots to just get a good career and start going to church. That is where these women are all at. Been married three years now.
feels like missionary position once a week anonBoring
I'm mirin bro.Lucky catch. Girls like her do not exist here anymore. Even the conservative ones had been fucked and balls deep at least once.
Tiresome, because they have the depth of a puddle usually.Of course, if you're a boring person, you might like that.
But aren't you scared she will gain independence and leave you?

You can tell the difference between the real conservative ones and the fake ones pretty quickly. At least I could.She doesn't want that. I think she is more scared that I will leave her. She doesn't like tv so the media won't be influencing her and she will not watch a film that is rated higher than PG.Anyway going back to bed.
She sounds nice. Have a good life.
she will not watch a film that is rated higher than PG.That is fucking cute.
awwwww. man, beautiful.
Loves to cuddle every day.Ergh, fuck thatTime is limited enough as it is when you come home from workGoing to impregnate her soonEnjoy ruining what you consider a perfect relationship
feels non-existent, bro. good luck if you live outside of Utah
no sex until marriage ;_;
wanting a wife that is basically your slaveThis reeks of insecurity
There are those who want to be masters; there are those who want to be slaves. It is good that those two found one another.
to just get a good careerPretty sure Jesus would disapprove.
live alone above average incomeown car, year 20146'0 good face, average at worst little chubby, nothing extremekissless handholdless virgin What the fuck am I doing wrong?
being nice
not trying hard enoughit is impossible not to get the attention of a turboslut if you have money
gotta talk to people bro
You're probably not trying to approach women and you're applying video game achievements to real life kissless, etc. "handholdless" is really funny. Like, you guys count that as an xbox live achievement.
You need to be all the following:ArrogantNarcissisticCruelRuthlessWomen will be coming after like a slave hunter after an escaped slave. Their panties will become wetter than an ocean.
idk what you're doing wrong but where do i find a guy like you? sheesh. you need to socialize more is my guess!
According to Wallstreet Playboys simply making "above average" is not enough and you will need to be pulling in 3 ~ 4.5x the median income in your city to pull a non-roastie
Either you're delusional and think you're attractive when you're not. Or you're autistic or in some way socially handicapped and retarded
The girl in your OP pic is 9+ so unless you are making more than half a mil a year you have no chance
handholdlessthat gave me the fucking keks. what's next, eyecontactless?

sorry anon. if it comforts you, i didn't lose my virginity until well into my 20s
No, not that you haven't held a girl's hand. The fact you even consider "handholdless" a quality is top kek. Knock that shit off and you'll be more appealing.
Girl in pic is actually 6.5 at best, just a good pic of her
studying at universitypretty poortons of girls at uni, still not able to do anythingeven found friends and go out oftenstill kissless virginim not even ugly, 6"4 talltfw social anxiety will always get in my way
good face, average at worst This is the weak link in your story. Change that todelusionaland you've got your answer
6'0found the problem manlet
durr, projection is my strong suitJust becuase you have a disease face doesn't mean everyone else on 4chan does.
The words "kissless" and "handholdless" are lame as fuck. Remember, language is poisonous.
You're delusional.The woman in this pic can and probably has made a literal millionaire spill his pasta.Roastie having early mid 30's women with crows feet and flabby upper arms go up to 7.5 in America.6.5 is like Zoe Quinn level.
OP here, yeah this is my real problem tbh, I work from home so I seldom meet and talk to new people :Wat do
just describing a fact
Kek, if he was good looking he would get girls, simple as that. Certainly wouldn't be a kv.
Okay maybe 7, but did you actually see this girls other pics? I'm not gonna dig up her instagram, reverse image search it, she's really not that great
Elliot managed it so easily
What you listed is the bare minimum. I repeat the bare minimum. Being a virgin is a big minus. So you are below average.What else do you have?
ThisJust be a snarky ass to women and your looks and money will fill in the restWelcome to 2015
If he doesn't talk to people and lives pretty much cacoon mode, nah.
You're just thirtsy as hell. She has small breasts and hips despite her face being fat. I fucked better looking women than her and I'm not close to being a millionaire.
stop posting this ugly grill
thirstyFuck off with your high school/reddit language.
We are EXACT opposites, OP.Not sure how I feel about that...
whats your age ?
48
All right, you have low standards then.
this is pretty regular grown up language you cuck
It really isn't.cuckAnd neither is this. Stop using child words.
What do you do to meet new people? Are you part of a social circle with constantly changing members?How good are you at spotting if a girl is throwing hints at you? Do you know how to pick up on it and flirt back?
People would still try to talk to him if he was 6'0" and good looking. You would have to be fucking pathetic to go full cuckoon mode with those stats.
Well uhclassically trained pianist, composer writer, 2 featue length film scripts and dozens of shortsupbeat and hyper personality, at least that's how I am around family I think I'm just gonna try to go to college and restart my social life, I literally have none at the moment.22
 good face, average at worstGuess again
cuckWhy do you guys think using this baby word whenever someone says something you don't like excuses what's shitty about you?
I literally have no idea how to meet new people, I don't have coworkers and right now my social contact is limited to family members.
Kinda true :I literally look like Jeff Goldblum so I dunno
6.5 ABOVE AVERAGE is zoe quinn level? Fuck no, you retarded faggot. Zoe quinn is a solid 3.5-4/10, which is STILL ENOUGH to get a few beta orbiters.girl in OP is a 7 at best btw, nothing extraordinary, I could go out and find 5 better looking girls in one go. The appeal of the OP chick is that she has a great body coupled with an upper average face, the "homely" look.
men don't get approached, they do the approaching. A man can suck with women despite being a 7+/10, mainly because there are more than enough other 7/10 men that approach the women. A 7/10 woman however can choose between the high number of 7/10 and even 8-9/10 men that may approach her in her life.there are male models that weren't successful with women until they became popular e.g. this italian dude, can't remember his name
truGood looking men still have to approach and make a good first impreasion, if you grew up home schooled like me you tend to lack those social skills or conditioning
Here is your problem. Try reconnecting with old friends, or join a club or something. Even going to a club or bar  especially a place for students etc. by yourself can be enough to make new acquaintances.All you need is contact to one somewhat social group. When I was single, I was part of one. The core were maybe 10 people, but when we planned events like barbecues, parties etc. many more people showed up. We invited everyone we knew, people we just met in bars etc. and told them to bring friends. The result was that we got to know a huge number of people.But that's only step one. If you really meet a girl you'd like to get close to, and it doesn't matter if it's at a big social gathering or alone on the train, you need to act on it. If you don't someone else will or probably already has but you need to make a move or you'll never find out.
I literally look like Jeff Goldblum so I dunnoI'm not going to ask you to post picture of your face on here because I certainly wouldn't, but I've seen people compare themselves to celebrities before. Some of the comparisons are completely delusional, but I'll take your word for it.If your social enough to get friends and you're ok looking, I really don't see why you're unable to attract any one.
its just another expression like saying fag
but it isif youre thirsty youre horny and havent been laid in a whilenot that its any different from my usual life but for normies its a good word
you are exactly what they want you to be. you are just too weak to stop it. its good tho, cuz we dont want your beta cuck genes passed down.
i dont think your 48 but whatever im truly 38
That guy was trolling, I'm 22
cuckYou realize the reason women don't like you is you talk like a fucking baby, right? That word sounds like a retard making choking noises to get attention.
that guy was lying, i'm 17
But that's only step one. If you really meet a girl you'd like to get close to, and it doesn't matter if it's at a big social gathering or alone on the train, you need to act on it. If you don't someone else will or probably already has but you need to make a move or you'll never find out.in the situation that i met a girl i know nothing about, and didn't have the time to talk to her properly previously, and on top of that i will not see her again after 3 days i don't know any of her friends, i don't know where she hangs out and what not, it's as if bluntly asking her if she's got any plans during the week is the only solution herei wonder how i can tell her i'm interested in her without scaring her away, and finding time to talk to her will be difficult the next day i meet hergod damnit, fucking crushes
I could have saved you,.
Have you ever been in a situation in which you were completely alone and tried to find someone to talk to? Like when you had to spend a week or two somewhere, maybe a seminar?In a situation like this wouldn't you just approach a guy and break the ice via some small talk and/ or a joke?You can do the same with a girl. Make sure you make her laugh. If you get the feeling that she is creeped out, just withdraw and act as if it was just small talk, no harm done. If you get along kind of well, then there is no shame in trying.
You either scare her away, or cling to her forever as an orbiter. It's that simple.You could also succeed and have this girl interested in you.
rogers rogers rogers rogersi deserve a beautiful woman..blablabla
i'd try to maker her laugh but ijust know pol tier humour which makes cynical people laughthe biggest issue is time constraint, i can't just plop up random shit to her, i will have to be contextual, she has more finals in 2 weeks, maybe i should ask her if she's gonna just start studying for those right after the ones this week are over, and see where it will take mei wish i could have just glossed over her like i do 10/10 girls, and this fucking girl i'm obsessing over has acne, is flat, and is uglier than most other girls i can see on the street or in the busgod damnit
Fuck off slag
The guys who haved fucked, it is simple. They were born with good genes, born into stable family who gave them money. Lived in same area all their live not me and that sucks, so had built a large social network by their late teens. Never knew what it was like to have low confidence hence arrogance, which girls love. Chads are a by product of early social network acquisition success.You fuckers should of played pokemon with more kids to gain a social network and get the social ball rolling whilst your peers were young. Now you gotta branch out through work colleagues and that's hard cuz they are mainly not interested in branching out by this point.It's like missing the social success train when you were a kid.
I found that confidence, humour and not being obvious about wanting to bone them usually works. Give them something to feel, laugh and be confused about, stay in control of the conversation, have a thing you are passionate about, and you got the conversation part on lockdown.It helps if you go abroad. Women love the foreign/unknown. Even if you are American and go to Europe or vice versa, where you'd still mingle with your own skin colour, you'd get instant bonus points just for being from somewhere else.
that doesn't explain people who can move to another country and just find friends there
Because if you can move to another country it's assumed you have money and an adventurous personality.
my dad had no money when he moved here and still made friends and shit
As someone who moved from Germany to Canada in his midtwenties without any stronger connections than "these guys play paintball, too.", I can attest that making friends is about being loyal, interesting, take interest in these people, share a latenight drink, having controversial conversations about politics and religion with respect, providing help when possible, asking for help when needed, taking emotional investment in the success and failures of your peers and having good read: interesting stories to tell about where you came from. It helps if you can identify banter, roll with it, adapt and adopt it and be a good sport about people making ignorant jokes.tfw Canadian buddies always talk about Nazis, gassing jews and such when I was aroundtfw always accost them of having polar bears as pets and being paid in Canadian Tire money
wo hattest du das visa für kanada her?
Polish your CV, join an agency that looks for crappy jobs Get a shitty factory job no customer interactionGet your drivers license, spend like 40% of wage on car upkeepGet property with a flat-share on internet.Makes friends with flat-share dude and his friends. Use dating website and be successful cuz of MUH place, MUH car, MUH social life, MUH new found confidence.Get place with GF.There you go.
Can't even speak English, eh kraut?He probably got it at the embassy or wherever.You can figure that out on your own, you fucking idiot.
Daily reminder that not being gay is what you're doing wrong
What the fuck am I doing wrong?You think you've done something wrong, that's what you're doing wrong you worthless normie.
Replying in English as a matter of courtesy.As a German citizen, you can legally stay in Canada for 6 months. During those 6 months, I tried to apply for the Provincial Nomination Program, but ultimately failed because no employer was willing to hire me full disclosure: German employment process does not involve references but written performance assessments, so I had 0 references and a document nay Canadian cared about. I stayed past that point and worked under the table in seasonal jobs, such as landscaping, tree work, a steel workshop, soundmixing for a theatre, jobbed as a stagehand, and freelance graphics artist. Basically, anything that paid rent and food.Ultimately, after 2 years, I was broke and on the verge of homelessness. But I had a lot of friends - which I have to this day, 3 years later - that helped me out and even housed me for a good 3 months, their own diminished possibilities permitting.I did it the wrong way.The right way is to contact the Canadian embassy, apply for a work holiday form allows you to live and work in Canada for a year, if you are under the age of 30 and then head on over after having found a place to stay and precontacted possible employers.
fuck off. i asked him in german, because i can. i lived in canada as well, did it just like him, without visa or anything. that's why i was wondering how he got it.
You couldn't even do that.You didn't even manage to get capitalization right and you were stylistically on the level of a 5th grader.
See, I usually stick to English on here, simply because I find it impolite to exclude what is argueably the majority of posters. English is the lingua franca of the chains, and since I already detest division by nation and language in my vidya, I'd rather not post in German.Not that I am not capable of that. Just feels ... improper.
What do you usually say to people who utter the following:All you need to do is have confidence and believe in yourself, anon!These people don't fucking get it. Pic related.
Utter the same thing, because people who need to emphasize on that have just as low self-esteem.
Nothing. They *want* to believe that 'everyone can begin to believe in themselves'. This comforts them, because it keeps them believe that *they* can begin to believe in themselves and achieve greatness any time they want, and so their failures have been of their own choice and making and not predetermined the 'I'm able to but lazy' delusion.
"Life...is like a box of chocolates. A cheap, thoughtless, perfunctory gift that no one ever asks for. Unreturnable because all you get back is another box of chocolates"
I really should go back and finish watching X-Files. tfw theme still scares me at age 25
Apparently CSM is in the new miniseriestfw
i have been watching it for the first time. This episode was great but so many dark feels
be me, need to piss like a motherfucker, don't want to wake up familyinspired by /r9k/'s piss bottles, decide to piss in an empty Mountain Dew Kickstarter cango to bed, forget about it, don't remove can from desk as trash piles up in room a few days later, buy another Mountain Dew Kickstarter and set it down on the desk, absentmindedly sipping it as I browse 4changrab the wrong can, drink warm liquid, foul flavor assaults my tastebuds, retchspit piss all over my keyboard, desk, and monitor as I yell in disgustThis has to be a common hazard with the whole piss bottle thing. I brushed my teeth, rinsed with Listerine, and smoked half a pack and I swear I can still taste this shit.
can
This is why its preferable to use clear bottles.
Disgusting freak. Are you so obese that you can't go to the bathroom?
Clearly I'm an amateur in the way of the piss bottle. We have creaky floorboards and I didn't want to wake anybody up.I really do feel disgusted with myself, though. First time I've ever actually re-evaluated my decisions in a while.
There is nothing to be ashamed of by using piss bottles, its a very effective way of emptying ones bladder without the hastle of leaving the bedroom.
work 20 hours a weekstill live at hometell parents that i will never get a gf or marry because i work now and dont have the time to support a parasitedelete facebooksocially isolate myselfif i have to work, i'm not doing jack shit else. who else /canthandlestress/ here
I work 10 hours topkek
what's your job?
i help move storage in a nearby factory
i wish i could work this little.20 hours is enough for me. everyday i get out my ritual is to jack off and waste time online.if i work, i am spending extra time being lazy afterwards.
Why are you doing this to yourself? When you're 40 and have no friends, no wife, no children, no life experiences, and no one to support you what are you going to do? Don't you get tired of doing the same shit day in day out living in limbo?
20 hours a weekthat's not even 3 hours a day, you underageb&
tfw you've worked hundreds of 70 hour weeks and keep doing itbecause you love the moneytfw my minimum wage is 26$ an hour and i get 40+ double time.tfw im doing over-tome every sing dayShame i spent all my money on my bike though, u burn my money so fucking quick. Also planning on buying an R1 Yamaha.
no one to support youdid I not mention that i work 20 hours a week?no wifedont want oneno childrendont want oneno life experiencewhy the fuck is this important?dont you get tired of doing the same shit day in and day out?well yeah, if im fortunate i will buy a cabin in the woods and live removed from this culture
motorcyclespoor fool.
poor fool
where do you live? i want to be able to support myself while working 20 hours a week.
stress from workmoveryour job literally requires no brain power and minimal effort other than lifting. what is there to be stressed about?
East coast.Some pointers? Pinch every single fucking penny you can. Do not buy drugs, do not drink, smoke, etc. You're essentially accepting a life of minimalism due to your financial circumstance.Unfortunately this is all I can handle and its the way it has to be. I had a mental breakdown and got my therapist to help me get my work time cut in half.Like I mentioned earlier, can't handle stress. Not at all.
tfw you once had a part time job in an office where you only had to come in and work 8 hours once a weektfw even that was too much for you so you quit
Wow, a whole 20 hours per week. That averages out to around 3 hours per day, 4 hours if you have 2 days off. It must really suck to be you!Hope your parents are loaded and tolerant.
did I not mention that i work 20 hours a week?Lol you aren't serious are you? Thinking that 20 hours is sufficient enough to cover your living expenses. You must be underage and have gotten your first part-time job. That is the only logical explanation for such stupidity. Am I correct?
I'd prefer to have several smaller shifts throughout the week, and 8 hour shift means I'd likely have to poop at work at least a few times a week
Nope, 22 year old turboautist who always had a fear of employment until i was forced into it.It is, if and only if the hourly pay is enough and i quit drinking and smoking, which i have. Obviously I can no longer afford luxuries this way.Having a wife and kids are out of the question. It is what it is.
Thinking that 20 hours is sufficient enough to cover your living expenses.it is if you make a significant amount per-hour
I'd likely have to poop at work at least a few times a weekif you arent pooping while you are getting paid, you are doing it wrong. i specifically take the last 10 minutes of my work day to pinch a log out before i go home.
spend a half hour at least in the bathroom on every workdaysometimes more
work 40 hours a weekcome home from work one daydad is mad at me for getting drunkhe's visibly and audibly yelling at mesee that he's visibly and audibly yelling at mevoice in my head starts yelling and start have ptsd-like hallucinationshe stops yelling at mekeep staring at him and say "sorry" and walk back to my roomit's almost like they want me to blow my brains out or something
Let's presume he's working for 15 dollars per hour.He's making 300 bucks per week, 1200 per month. Lowest I've ever seen rent is 400/month and it isn't in a place where you earn 15 bucks per hour part time, but I'll ignore that. Utilities is roughly 150 bucks per month at its absolute lowest. Food would be another 200. The lowest I've seen internet is 30/month. Cell phone was 15/month for unlimited texting, 350 min, 50mb data.We are up to 795.00. Now, of course, this doesn't account for buying anything out of the ordinary, nor does it cover health insurance, but a person making 15 dollars per hour at 20 hours per week COULD scrape by, presuming he has no car, or any expense that goes along with it taxes, insurance, tags, etc and can save up responsibly to replace clothing as it wears out. And his rental will be barren of furniture/cookware.But he COULD do it in theory. I wouldn't want to live that life, though.
he had a facebook
See, neither did I.But I literally had no choice in the matter.Being as clear as possible, I freak the fuck out during stress. I would drink myself to bed after a workday because the thought of going Mon-Fri made me nervous. Following, I'd call out sick due to being hungover.Realizing that I couldn't do this, I got my therapist involved. He suggested to work less hours and stop drinking, so I had him write a note, and I did.Had to state my case, etc etc. And now I'm making less, but I'm also having less nervous breakdowns less.Making lifestyle sacrifices are often necessary to maintain sanity.
Er, less nervous breakdowns in general*
It's really not an excuse. You understood that you were stressed, and rather than handling that stress like an adult, you sabotaged yourself, knowing that you had done so.Rather than feeling pride that you had survived a workday, you instead chose to completely ignore that, and focus on dreading the following day.No matter how anti-social, anyone should be able to make it through a week of work, look back, and realize that it wasn't all that bad. That you were still alive. You were intact. In fact, you were never in actual danger for a moment.Instead, you clutch to fear like a child who refuses to sleep without a night light, looking for any possible excuse, including throwing away any sense of pride, to keep from having to do what you don't want to do.
Not all of us want a facebook, my cousin forced me to have one
Have you ever had a nervous breakdown once in your life? Legitimately curious.anyone should be able to make it through a week of workYou over-estimate people.
You have to be mentally disabled to actually believe that. Coaching yourself to live with coping skills that are unnatural is pathetic in a sense.
There's nothing wrong with you really, you just did all of these horrifically unhealthy things because you're a bad person instead of someone who needs help and fuck you for not being like me Sanctimonious cunts like you are so obvious to spot.
support a parasiteThat's why you'll never get a gf, OP, also are you aware that females also actually work?
Oh, you don't like motorcycles? Cool, doesn't mean everyone doesn't.
Right, and they shouldn't.No girlfriend/wife of mine would work. She would stay in the house and prepare dinner, and care for our kids.Then feminism came along and fucked it all up.
And people like you guys perpetuate the self-infantilization that happens on this board. Stop looking for excuses to be weak, and acknowledge the strength inside of yourselves.You CAN be better. It just takes a lot of work, and the right mentality.
it takes a lot of workstopped reading there. i'll take my paycut and reclusive lifestyle
no, working 20 hours a week fucked that chance up.
It's possible for this to happen in turns m8, like the wifey is working, you clean and make dinner. You're working, she'll clean and make dinner. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this, the sooner you realize that the better, it has nothing to do with feminism, it's common sense.
Then don't bitch about "/canthandlestress/" because you can. You just won't.
Okay so you seem to have all the answers.What do I do? To avoid sperging out and breaking shit in my room and screaming into a pillow? Really, you got some advice anon? I'd like to hear it.
There's no reason to break shit in your room. You already survived that day. Focus on that, not tomorrow. Better yet, live in the moment, like the Buddhists recommend.There's no reason to sperg out, especially if you can keep it under control at work.
It's enough if he lives with his parents and is just buying food.
BuddhistsAre you suggesting meditation or something?
If that helps, go for it. But I meant live in the moment. Don't focus on the future or the past, but what you are doing in that exact moment.A man can withstand almost anything for ten seconds at a time, wouldn't you agree? Focus on the now, to the ten seconds from now. Then do it again. And again. And again. And when you are done work for the day, you don't focus on work. You can't change how good or bad of a day it was, it's already done. You can't even effectively plan 15 minutes from now when working, as tons of things can go wrong with the best laid plans.Focus on what you are doing in the moment that you are doing them.
FUCKING SHIT AWW HEWL NAH FUCKING GET NIGGA GETGETGETGETGETGETGETGETGETGETGETGGGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Nigga that's 4 hours a day. 20 hours is a part time job
You are probably the smartest guy on /r9k/, if not of 4chan. Teach me your ways, sensei.
TFW working 80-hour weeksTFW opted out of overtime to circumvent the 40-hour schedule cutoff, and now immensely regretting itTFW first to work, and last to leave, six days a weekTFW practically living at workDamnit, there's a point where the money's not even worth it anymore but after most of our staff quit I'm the only one to pick up the slackI'm tired bros, so tired
Lowest I've ever seen rent is 400/monthNot if you share a flat. It's hard for a turbo autist, but not impossible. You could get rent for 180/ month.Utilities is roughly 150 bucks per month at its absolute lowest.In a shared flat it won't be more than 50 bucks.Food would be another 200You could easily half that. Just eat rice almost every day and only drink tab water. The lowest I've seen internet is 30/monthUse libraries Cell phone was 15/month for unlimited texting, 350 min, 50mb data.Who the fuck needs that?
normie out
just get over your mental illness, anon! it's all in your head! b
NEET for yearsparents want to kick me outfinally get a shitty job but enough for a livingmove out as soon as i cancut almost every social contactgive fake phone number to parentsfeels good manmom still have my emailsends me an email about how much she is crying and would have liked a "normal" life for me and some grandchildrentell her how much i hate them, this world and womenadd pic related as attachmentsend and block her
That pepe made me kek so hard.
A mental illness is in your head, and while prevention is easier than curing any illness, the cure will not be found through hiding away and giving up. It will be won through fighting the disease, and never giving up an inch.As Kahlil Gibran wrote in the Prophet: "Advance, and never halt, for advancing is perfection. Advance and do not fear the thorns in the path, for they draw only corrupt blood."
holy fuck that pepe obliterated my sides
well, you are certainly grateful for their generosity while being a NEET. what a model citizen you are.
What is your job?
It's their fault if i'm here, they owe me everything
I see that the expenses can be achieved on such a low income but why would someone choose to live such a uncomfortable existence. I can't even say that's living. There's no enjoyment in that. There's no money left to do anything for yourself, it's just enough to stay alive and that is it.
add pic related as attachmentNice
The benefits of not working make all up for no money. Just get a cheap hobby like reading or shitposting. I have been poor my whole life and it's really not that horrible.
wake upexpect to start first day on the jobgo on the web and drink coffeestart getting agitated because i dont want to do anything and dont handle stress wellhave to take a shitreally dont want to take a shitforce myself to go to the bathroom but not before throwing my coffee cup at the wall go to the bathroomshitstart wipingwipe even morewipe for what feels like too longstand upscream at the toiletparents ask whats wrongexplain to them how my body is acting like a fucking child and wont cooperatepunch toilet paper holder off of the wallpull up pants and leave the bathroomtoo angry to finish wipingcall out of work on my first daycall back fifteen minutes later and quithear dad say "un-fucking-believable" from the other roomgo on /r9k/ and make a gentle femdom thread
That's a pretty pathetic life.
Are you satisfied with having no life outside of work? Having to have a shitty job for the rest of your life just to keep yourself from being homeless and cutting all connections you could have used as a safety net if you needed help with something?tell her how much i hate them, this world and womenShe probably thinks you're a fag now too

shitposting and 4chn are not hobbies
kek normies never learn
I just mean doing something in your free time to keep yourself occupied.
Wh-what?
To be honest? Yes, i will commit suicide when will be the right timefirst i want to fap and smoke weed ayy and i couldn't care less about this life.She probably thinks you're a fag now tooShe knows i'm not, that bitch once opened the "whores" folder
masturbating to porn doesnt really mean youre straight.
this lifeAre you implying there is another, or is that just some hope that you hold out for?
Doesn't contribute to discussionMeme imageStuttering in typingYou're fucking pathetic.
have to quit job to make the time to cum cum for mum mum right?
I'm implying if this is the only one does not deserve to be lived, especially in this world. If there are other lifes we'll see.
You're going to give up that easily? No wonder your life is shit. Once something gets tough and you have to put in some effort you quit. What ever other lifes you believe there are the results will be the same in each of them unless you learn to change your mindset.
Normie out
I was socially isolated even when I had a Facebook, normie
Your life is shitNo until i have weed, alcohol and my dick and of course internetyou have to put in some effortWhy should i even care, for me this world can burnWhat ever other lifes you believe there areI would like for example to sit for eternity in heaven and only feel pleasure
Not who you are responding to, but I wish everybody that votes would be required to look at this website before casting a ballot for anyone that stands for any sort of welfare.And with that, I'm out.
T O P K E K You are free now brother.
welfare won't stop just because a few people use it to live a chill frugal life
i have weed, alcohol and my dick and of course internetI would like for example to sit for eternity in heaven and only feel pleasuresuicide You honesty believe this is attainable? Not discrediting the existence of God or heaven but thinking you will be worthy of heaven living that lifestyle. Then suicide is technically murder because God gave you this life and it's not yours to take. There is purpose to your life it just hasn't been revealed yet.
nice
Don't listen to this  normie shit, never stop shitposting.It's the only way they will ever learn their place :^
Heavennot Valhalla
implying i mean the shlomo heavenGod can go fuck himself for all i careyou will be worthy of heavenOf course comparing to the rest of the worldThen suicide is technically murder because God gave you this lifeThen God can go fuck himselfThere is purpose to your life it just hasn't been revealed yetI found a purpose, satisfy myself
canthandlestressI've actually grown to enjoy the works stress. It feels good being able to handle shit
getting cucked by your job
purposeEveryone was born to die, there is no deep meaning behind life. Want to know what's the closest experience behind death? Sleeping is what death is like, dark void with nothing. There is no heaven or hell, even if there was almost all human would never be allowed in heaven including me and you.

Rare PepeCan I save?
rare pepe market is deadgo aheadtfw put all my stocks in rare pepes
Nothing stressful your lover getting fucked by another, just heartbreaking.It's more like overcoming Starcraft 2 Ladder fear
No chance of getting reduced hours?
You guys are basically niggers. Weak, pathetic niggers. At least nigs don't have these pussy "muh anxiety" problems. Shame you think you're better than them because your ass is pink. Take some .45 caliber aspirin and go away.
most normies work 40 hours a weekNormies are fucking crazy. Are thet even human?
It's always seemed like a bit much to me as well. I couldn't fathom working more than 40 hours per week ever.
Don't guys think house wives are lazy?
unless you are a doctor or professional of some sort, you will most likely need 2 incomes to not be in poverty, especially while raising kids.i dont know why you would be against your wife working.
Who wants to play a game?
no
I do
Too late, like a puppet on a string
sure tbh
kekked audibly
Same tbh
what are the rules of the game
implying it isn't the game playing with youall you have to do is follow them, roach
yes tbh
yeah tbh
Click the sushiSelect the only 1 sushi that appears"Incorrect"
I'm not a robot
at least it isn't asking us to identify people's addresses anymore, that shit was creepy
select all pastaonly pictures of shoes and drinks
id rather type addresses than do this shit
JavaScript reCAPTCHAenjoy your botnet
click the food4 food items, select 2, passesagain click the food4 food items, select 2, 'didnt select enough', click all 4, fails
not using a pass
You can select options that don't conform to the category, thus skewing their classification algorithm/mischief/
Just picked this up. I've never cut my wrists before, but I understand people did it to replace emotional pain with physical pain.Holy fuckin hell, it hurts like a bitch. And it actually works. Anytime I feel emotional pain coming on, I snap myself with the rubber band and the emotional pain is masked.I've only been at this for one day but it already has helped immensely. Anyone else do this?
sounds pretty fun, and like its a smarter alternative to cutting
It's pretty lame how idiot counselors actually recommend this. It's still self-injurous behavior that should be avoided at all costs op
that's fucking retardedas you adjust to the level of pain you'll need increasing levels to mask whatever emotional trauma you're trying to hide.your pain tolerance goes up while your masked emotional shit grows as well. You'll kill yourself at this rate.
Nah, I just start smoking every time I start feeling strong negative emotions.
you will never be a part of a gang with niggas who got your back, fighting day to day to survive on the streetyou will never be part of a close knit gang of hoods, disrespecting hoes but still getting poon together
wants to be a nigger2015check your privilege
assuming I'm whiteWhy don't you, shitlord?
Black culture is cool and everyone wants to be involved but nobody wants to know about our actual problems.
My post was less about the lifestyle in it's entirety, and more about the tight bonds formed by grouping together in a harsh environment. People you can really put your trust into are hard to come by
trustThe main problem in ghettos is that blacks have no one to turn to because everyones looking out for themselves
Shit man, the struggle is real. Do we need more third spaces or what have you? In all communities that is, because I think its a fairly widespread problem
The last thing I want to be involved in is your culture. Just seeing you disgusting monkeys everywhere ruined America for me. Thank God I live in Europe outside France/UK and don't have to see you.
you will never be a pimp that beats his bitches for not bringing in enough moneyyou will never be a pimp that makes money by taking advantage of sluts
Truly the most alpha profession. Turning woman's position of power on the sexual market into a tool to make money for yourself.
Just failed my driving test for the 4th time. I'm cryinginb4 faggot
faggot
faggotwhat part did you fail exactly?
I failed and failed and failed with my shit box, I borrowed a relatives brand new car. I passed.I drove worse. They just like to rape poor white males.
I am a MASSIVE FAILURE in my life and even I passed my driver's test on first try. How the fuck can you be such a failure? I am 1 year away from being a wizard and neet.
It's okay, anon.You should be proud that you managed to keep trying. Several of us haven't gotten that far.Keep trying. Learn from your mistakes and you'll get there.
Jesus christ mate, how do you manage to do that? Its not that difficult. Auto or manual?
How? Are you a literal retard?
Faggot
Op here, my phone autocorrected dying to crying driving too slow even through I was going the speed limit I think I'd rather fail 4 times than be a wizard manualnah
Well, I see you are a real fucking faggot. I was gonna offer advice, but never mind.
better get ready for your shift at the krusty krab, spongebob
If I'm a faggot, you a fag prime
I just failed my third test here.Same thing, I was driving the speed limit the whole time and she said I was too cautious.Wish I lived in a city where you could just do that shit with traffic cones in a parking lot, I failed for going the speed limit or a bit under and getting too close to another car at a stop light.Parents were super dissapointed in me
That's fine
Wow your driving instructor sort of reminds me of mine as wellDrive according to the books and kept my speed between 40-50 km/hMy instructor complained. Told me that I'm being too slow.Drives at 60-70km/hHe whines about how fast I'm goingThere's no pleasing in them....Don't worry OP. You will get it eventually.I failed my driving theory twice! And that's considered "retard" in my country's standard since it's the easiest of all the test.
This test is fucking hard. Don't give up. At least you tried ! You just need to past it once in your lifetime, you can do it anon !
, 
ITT rare pepe exchange
reddit
kek, it doesn't even have a ph number
Second day of new jobGetting trained by chickNo work to doJust sitting in silenceWhat do
sit in silence
Is she cute?
What do you do?
Ask questions about the job OP, fucking hell.
I'm afraid not. Just as well, don't want to fuck this job up by being a weirdo/perv. There's also an angry 1/10 that works here that's got a decent bod.Bookkeeping/AdminIts one of those jobs that require you to do the work in order to understand. I'll be asking those questions again if work comes in
Ask a normie anything.has had sex with 12 different girls in my lifein a committed, healthy relationshiphas a steady job with disposable incomemoved out of my mom's house when I was 19
12 different girls50 girls at 21 reporting in, moved out as soon as i turned 18, you can't beat that, kiddo, youre semi-robot
manwhorenormieChoose one
12that's pretty low tier normie if you're over 20
I am 20
normies posting on r9kreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
is it? I'm at 5 and 20, and my friends kind of think I'm a man whore...
Why do normies always post an unrelated pussy flesh pic to think it attracts posters to their shitty thread? Or even worse if they do it because:look at this pussy flesh pic look how awesome it isThere's no way anyone is going to fap to something like that, and we've all seen over 9k pussy flesh pics during our /b/ days. So post something relevant or interesting or suck my cock faggot.
Wow that's pretty cool, but when I was 21 I had fucked 51 girls. And I moved out the night before I turned 18. But your life is alright too.
I'm 22 and live with my mother but have the opportunity to move into my best friend's house with his 2 Chad roommates.Would you say moving out at 19 heavily contributed to your normie status?If so, how?How do I get out of the hell that is the restaurant industry? It pays better than anything that's available to me since I'm not done with college but every day is soul draining and makes me literally want to shoot myself.
What a shitty normie life. Something interesting in your life?
How the hell do I get into the restaurant industryHow'd you get the job?
Have I just been fucked by the internet or is there almost nothing arousing about this weird vagina closeup
get aids and die faggot.
being aroused by nudity in non-sexual situations
Lol OP is beta fuck.I started raking birds in when I was in primary. I was 10 when a girl suck me cawk. Fucked at at 11 in secondary skewl. then around 8 by the end of it. College 5 girls. now am out and am a manager after working since 16 I've banged around 20.
kek workng restaurants is the normie life you fuck. \friday/saturday are the most fun days of the week and i make $1500 a month in tips to get drunk and snort coke. dont tell me you're working at sizzler or some shithole dinner.what city do you live in? are you good company? enjoyable to be around? not completely ugly?
Is that autist bucks?
tip moniesin america you pay the guy who makes your drinks and refills your water extra money.
i make $1500 a month in tips to get drunk and snort coke.This is literally what the intermediate restaurant business is about. I have yet to meet a cook not into coke or a waiter not into weed and booze.
why do you let your snapchats accumulate so much before viewing them? thats at least 6 snaps that you didnt view yet.
That's your fantasy, kiddo guy. Everyone knows that you are jealous of BritNormie you sad loser.
thats the only way you can get through the shift man. ii work on hollywood blvd. and you wouldn't believe the clowns that come in.all i need is four shots of jameson and im good from 9-1am. coke and everything else is after work. I'm not going to lie, even on the WORST nights, I still love it. I've considered dropping out of school and just investing some $$$ in a restaurant. I'm only 19 and still live with mom and I don't understand why anyone especially a student would want to work some shit retail or mall job.
Liar. I wouldn't be anywhere near this site if I moved out and had sex with that many females
Quality post/10 would lol again.
Now that the dust has settled, was shahid Elliot Rodger a martyr for Islam?
Just finished reading his manifesto today and I can't help but feel bad for his grandmas, seems like they were the only people who genuinely cared about him.I can't even imagine leaving my grandma with the knowledge that I was a killer.
lolno. He was agnostic. He was a martyr for us.
he made jihad fisabillah. of course he was a mujahid
normies slayed - 0record versus sorority house doors 0-1
Who /moving to the third world/ here?I found a nice farm in Chile I'm going to move to in a few years. Makes enough to support myself + have some land manager do the work for me so I can just enjoy sunshine and ride horses all day. I would never be able to do that in my first world country with the money I have saved up.
Maybe I would settle in the Philippines or Namibia
turkeyfirst world"No."
You do realize 1st,2nd and 3rd world categories are about their alignment towards communism or capitalism?
Idiot.
I'm currently earning $2000/mo running an online business. Shit-tier in the USA, which is why I'm looking to relocate somewhere else.Anyone have suggestions?
Anywhere that's not a well-developed western country I guess, except Japan and probably Korea. In Europe, that'd be former Eastern-bloc countries except Germany, for example.
Sweden and Finland should be third world aswell. They weren't aligned with either.
tfw turkey is 1st world but poland isn't
greenlandthird worldIt's not a quality of life ranking.
see
I've given some thought to something like that myself. The "Southern Cone" as some call it does look appealing; what drove you to picking Chile in particular? I was thinking Uruguay or perhaps Argentina myself.
I'm talking about when the term was conceived during the cold war. The correct definitions now are Industrialised country, Newly industrialised country and developing nation.
tfw normies come up to you after they see your motorcycle helmet and jacket and start talking about how they want one but it's just "too dangerous"
normies are such pussies
Normies fucking love bikes you idiot. This is made up.
bahh i want onebut mah wifey dont letbah mah gf dont letmah dangersmah carsmah 2 scaryb-but normies love bikesWhy are normies such gigantic pussies?
Guys with ricers are chads, guys with Harleys are redneck chads, faggots like you are bike autists think Japanese bike ridersYou're just talking to faggots that never have or will own a bike
i want one but know people who actively try to kill bikers in cars exist
You're just talking to faggots that never have or will own a bikeWow, 99.9% of the population. Thanks for playing.
letting fear dictate the way you liveYou're a faggot. If you really "wanted' one you would have bought one by now.Lying faggot.
Yet every rider is a huge fucking normie, except you of course, the special snowflakeAre you a nice guy too?
tfw had a motorcycle and sold it because it really was too dangerous
Yet every rider is a huge fucking normie,I'm not a normieAre you a nice guy too?Yea i am.
When you're not a juvenile faggot, and you have people that depend on you and that you care about, you'll take decisions that put you at greater risk of death or injury more seriously.
чepтoвcки пeдик yблюдoк
Except most motorcycle riders are normies.I should know, I am one :^
Sorry to burst your bubble but bikes are for normies. Brah.
its for Normies because i said so
Well, it is dangerous. I don't understand what you're trying to say here, you could be nice and join in conversation with them? Maybe inform them of the risks and stuff? Maybe tell them a little more about your own bike instead of being smug and posting about it on 4chan.
Well, it is dangerousSo is driving, and so is walking outside of your house.;
Wanna hit the bar later bro? We could probably pick up some chicks and score.
tfw no bike to ride with my dogbro
bikes are for chads though, sluts only want to ride chad or tyrone's bike
how to get into biking???
I'm not a normiebut you ride a motorcycle
Any kind robots wanna guide a hypothetical sixteen year old into biking throught email or steam or skype or something?
no underage faggot get out
Superficiality: the applicationEven okcupid is less superficial
I feel like zeno's arrow. 1/100 I swipe, 1/100 she swipes, 1/100 I message, 1/100 she responds, 1/100 we keep up a conversation, 1/100 we meet, 1/100 we like one another...haven't even gotten to that one yet. how morbid too, to swipe away countless lives like a fucking 20th century dictator
I know what you feelI say "I'm sorry nothing personal" internally as I swipe
This must be some kind of jewish trickery
Guys, I'm fucked.. Its the beginning of the month and I'm broke. The important bills are paid so I'm not gonna get kicked out next month.. Serious question as I'm weighing my options and you guys might know more about this... Is there money to be made as a male cam whore? I'm not fugly and I don't mind playing a faggot for good meal
... Chaturbate ?
One way to find out, innit?
Yes anon, but we need to see dick, ass, face and body before we can tell if you can make money
Thanks will check outYeah the thing is just, there are alot of things I can focus my energy on, worst case ill start selling fruits at tourist places but that's way to public for meThanks, good to know. I wont post this here but I think I could make one or two homos smile. Good genes, shitty everything else
Just go outside and see where the matrix takes youDon't fight it...
Take a chance and comment, pussies
Fight club is juvenile garbage for edgy teenagers.
i want a high quality non primitive white girlfriend
tfw you realize you can bend the matrix with your desires and intentAs soon as your subconscious accepts the idea as possible it will come into existence. It's like magic. this is the untold secret of the world they don't want you to know about. Visualize and imagine the feeling of the event as though it is happening in the present, what will be said and how you feel when you achieve that goal. You might be surprised at the result. The only limitations are self-imposed.
Prove it.
This tired and repeated line is started to become a meme. You were probably younger than 5 when the movie came out.
This tired and repeated line is started to become a memeEvery meme holds at least a little bit of truth otherwise people wouldn't feel like it|' worth memeing.You were probably younger than 5 when the movie came out.So, what would be the significance of that?That doesn't make the film any better or worse, right?I bet you're not even aware that it's an adaption of a book.
If dubs, I will commit suicide by cop.
Attention whore!!
Why is it ok to judge people on being ugly when that only has a weak correlation to behavioral defects but not ok to judge people for their race which has a strong predictor of criminality, intelligence and behavior?
that nigga ain't natty
ugly people are gross
If you're ugly there's a %100 chance you're "creepy"Being a certain race or even a criminal does not guarantee that you'll be considered creepy, because you might be handsome
I TRIED GETTING THOSE DUBS IN A DIFFERENT THREADFUCKKKKK UUUUUUUUU
core that thin/tightIf he had gone on HRT when he was 15 or so, he might have been a pretty good trap.
223311Triple dubs of truth
which has a strong predictor of criminality, intelligence and behavior?how?inb4 correlation is causationI can tell you're another pseudo-intellectual fuccboi who gets all their political opinions from /pol/ from the way you type you faggot/suicide/
implying a nigger isn't more likely to rob you than a white in ANY countryWhatever helps you sleep at night Shlomo
wow you sure showed me with that hot spicy jew meme you sure proved me wrong and made me change my views /pol/ is a great place that deserves to exist on this site
Is there any proof that could be offered that would satisfy you?
hurt durr you sure showed me look at how snarky I am I don't even need to offer a rebuttalLook up some FBI stats on crime and race and then shut the fuck up.
yeah, proof that actually proves something and that isn't just a logical fallacy used to justify your cuckold ideology

Where's the logical fallacy supposed to be? Crime statistics in any country show that black people commit a disproportionate amount of crime. Of course it must be much racist policeMaybe if you weren't cuckposting all day you could have gone out and improved your race Jamal.
correlation and causation I said it in my first fucking post you shitfucking aborted moron
It is just a fact that they commit more crimes, who cares the reason.
Do you even understand that fallacy?Correlation does GUARANTEE causation but the two OFTEN go hand in hand. Have you even taken a classical logical class or did you just read the fallacy image on /pol/?Oh wait, you're probably a robot that's never stepped foot in a university.
doesOn mobile, meant to type doesn't
There is no way for poverty or lack of education to cause crime.Look at any blacks--or any whites--that you think could commit a crime, whom you just wouldn't trust because they have this instinctive, unpredictable, 'animal' impression--and admit that they just are slow. Environment cannot make a child slow. Environment cannot make you shit at arithmetics or reading comprehension. The fact that no person of middle or upper class is unintelligent is because it is intelligence that elevates you to middle/upper class, and it is heritable. People whom you are afraid of are the people whom you don't even talk to because you know you would have to explain everything three times. No amount of environment could make those people appreciate reading or reasoning any more than a nerd could convince a bully not to hit him in school. This is obvious enough; you are just in denial.
In fact, crime twin studies seems to be a thing.
except that's wrong tho
Because of that one smart guy you know who's quick to fuck with people?
no, because if you honestly believe thatno person of middle or upper class is unintelligentyou're debunking your own argument by existing
Also, here's an interesting piece of food for thought:Important to understand [...] is the phenomenon of "social mobility" in modern Western societies, which means that those of high ability are able and allowed to rise to higher social classes during their lives. One is not stuck in the class wherein one was born, as was the case in the past. The flip side of "social mobility" however is that those of lower ability such as most criminals will descend to or remain stuck in the lowest classes and lead a life of poverty. Therefore, especially in modern society with its very high degree of social mobility, the correlation of crime with poverty is doomed to rise, thus giving fuel to the Marxist fallacy of "poverty is the cause of crime".
You're clearly stuck in the mode of 'thinking' in which a counterexample overruns a description of a population.
no, he literally saidno person of middle or upper class is unintelligenthow can a poor person become rich? do they have to take out a loan and risk fucking their lives up even more?
how can a poor person become rich?This is not quite how it works. A poor *person* hardly becomes rich, because his/her poverty has already proven their lack of ability. A child from a *poor background* might advance to a higher social class if he/she wins the genetic lottery and scores a standard deviation above his/her parents. When this happens to happen in two or three successive generations, the result is the classic, albeit sadly misinterpreted, success story of 'diligence' in reality, intelligence resulting in a grandson of peasants or craftsmen becoming an industry millionaire.
And how? Simple: sensing business opportunities, sensing good deals, sensing room for innovations or future demand for a supply, a good head for numbers and people, etc.
Oh, and inb4 you think that you need an investment to start making money. Two classic examples will suffice:[...] Young [J.D.] Rockefeller did his share of the regular household chores and earned extra money raising turkeys, selling potatoes and candy, and eventually lending small sums of money to neighbors.[W.E.] Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[17] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in 3 different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a War Veteran.[18]
If you're ugly there's a %100 chance you're "creepy"
This picture only reflects a valid reasoning if personality was rated immediately, though, together with looks. Otherwise, it could mean that personality was rated after a couple of days or weeks, when the rater knew the ratee, and that it just so happened that rated as beautiful are people who smile and look friendly, and rated as ugly are people that are sour and scowling.
In other words, it *can* mean that looks predict personality.
there's this wild concept I'd like to introduce you to; google "bias"
All I'm saying is that the intuitive interpretation, that of existence of bias, is not the only one.
Who said we don't judge people on race? Everybody does it, but nobody talks about it. Even the politically correct leftists are obsessed with race.
Who here doesn't feel anything? No happiness, no depression, just nothing. It doesn't matter if you were imprisoned or free, single or taken, poor or rich; there would be no difference.Does anyone else have this?
That's either depression or pre-enlightenment op.
You do realize that that is depression.What I find very eerie is how the supposed enlightenment in buddhism matches the symptoms of depression.
You're wrong. Enlightenment is nothing like depression. Enlightenment is more like mania. A controlled and relaxed mania.
Thats called being depressed you stupid piece of shit
Opposite side of the same coin.
tfw no big dick
flees the moment she needs to do somethingRemind me why you'd want that?
she looks mesmerized
If your dick isn't AT LEAST an 8x6, you might as well just forget about sex and stick to jerking off tbh.
that lust face
i do this some times my cock is pretty decentbut you rarely find girls willing to watch me cumi had 2 black girls watch me cum it was hot they didn't show tits but they moaned for me
Have big dickIt's the only thing that gives me confidence beyond an autistic robot
bitch has such a punchable face
 one time two blondes were on the other endone was watching me intently,while the other didnt pay attention and was talking to the othercame buckets and the one watching just had this amazed look on her face and the other one went "gross"it was amazing
Have big dickAm manlet
wut. that's pretty average. he's just leaning back at a stupid angle
An expert on cocks, are we?faggot
He's trying to fuck with people with small wieners. Ignore it.
thats actually good for you since it will look biggertfw chicks cant deepthroat because its too bigi shall find the true dick whisperer
, 
, 
Browsing FBEvery single person who I either grew up with, or was friends with, are all more /fit/, rich and successful than I am. I am a manlet, so I didn't even win genetically.I am trying to hold back the tears
FB is for ego top-ups.If you aint got one cuz of lifes cruel ways then it does the opposite effect: ego-downgrades.
honestly, what did you expect? failures such as ourselves don't post our misery on social media accounts. normies have facebook/ insta/ twitter and us robots have /r9k/
Who /broke?Im waiting for the paycheck, currently can last only 2 days, then idknow.
I just have around 8000€ saved up, I feel like I should have much more at the age of 24.
watching Uptfw I'll never have a life this beautiful
Just be yourself :^
Life is what you make it, anon.I try and live by my late Uncle Ronny's famous saying.Smoke some fagsSave some quidHave some shagsn' get off the grid!
No one will have this life, because it's just a Disney hurr Pixar fairy tale.
It's only beautiful because they didn't have children and she didn't get fat and divorced him.
tfw no friend to eat ramen with
no gyozano beerIt's like you don't even know how to ramen
tfw never had proper ramenwouldn't even have the slightest idea how to eat it properly if I went to a ramen placetfw no friend to eat ramen withtfw no friend to go around and try all the weeb food we possibly can
it's inside of a supermarket. they dont sell beer or gyozas herei dont think theres too much of a proper way. you just eat itwhere are you from anon
where are you from anonAustralia. ;________;
move to nz you cunt
yakisoba is better
I'm eating Indian in a restaurant alone in Australia. Let's pretend we're eating together m8No photo because I'm almost done
sometimes i wanna die
tfw no chad bffixed
I'll be your bf :^
tfw no lesbian gf
This is a bait thread, please stop replying
No u ;
who even are you. i'm sorry but i want a RL bf lol :
no, op requires alpha cock in his beta ass
C'mon I'll even take you on a date to Fazolis
okay. where do yo ulive.
New EnglandI'm going to guess you don't live here
nope.back to no bf feels thread.
sometimes i wanna dieI felt like you for a long, long while, OP.Nowadays my life is a feast of pic related...
sometimes
A U S T R A L I A
dildos?
1. Put on somewhat revealing clothes.2. Let a guy buy you drinks.3. Wait until he's drunk.4. Take him home.5. Scream RAPE.6. Collect shekels7. Write tumblr post8. ???9. ProfitNow fuck off.
Yes, dildos.A good one will feel than a real dick, and it hasn't got that retarded and annoying thing attached to it that a real penis has.
daily reminder
roll
Rolling.
assuming i'm some kinda awful person. okay.no, they don't feel like real dicks. and they're a lot of work. sometimes i'm too lazy to masturbate
How does it feel being a whore and succubus?
here we go
titslatinamilfPlz
i'm not, so it doens't?
roll
I'm notHaha
wtf is your problem. this board sucks.
Then get out of here.
i post where i want. lots of feels threads here.
I thought "this board sucks".
Kill yourself. Yes, I am serious.
This.
I second this motion.
it kinda does, because of awful people.attempted before. idk if i can do it for real. probably will eventually, like 20 years from now when i'm still alone, awkward and ugly.
Get out of here and make "le epic feels guy XDD" posts on normiebook or something.You'll eventually get a beta provider, don't worry.
attempted before.Try harder next time.
Get a texting app and just text random people from numbers you find around the boards. This number I got from /b/ was supposedly some guys ex but it turns out it was the number of some prostitute from dallas
Roll
get em
It'll help you feel better.I think. It gives me something to do when I'm tried and bored at least
Tfw No qt BF to watch anime with
Rollin
tfw no qt czech girl to cuddle and watch movies with.
dolan
roll
, 
Is anyone else creeped the fuck out by tall women? They are scary as fuck, they remind me of those giant Striders from Half Life 2 or the tripods from war of the worlds, or some weird alien shit.I'd never date a girl who's 5'8" or above.
****intimidated
Tall women are the worst. Too manly.
Me. I'm 6'0 and the other day at a gas station the woman in front of me was like 6'4I now know how you manlets feel
intimidated and creeped out. Something about the way they stride and lumber about with their thin tall legs is incredibly unhuman. Tall women trigger off my uncanny valley.
, 
lel
same tbh
WOAH OP DID YOU JUST SAY THAT YOURE A FAGGOT? YOU BETTER TAKE THAT DICK OUT OF YOUR MOUTH SO I CAN HEAR WHAT YOURE SAYING XDDDDDDD
, 
