Who here got brain problems
Depends. Is clinical depression counted as a brain problem?
Avoidant personality disorder
There is no cure.There is no cure.
Tourette's DisorderI hate my life
Bruce Jenner
Be my bf
mfw I have chronic memeing disordertry not to sperg out irl but do it anywayslaugh like a retard while spouting epic meme nonsense
tfw brain atrophies a little more every year
Ok!
nah its just a meme
Many, many brain problems.Mental health bloxxx
, 
tfw I finally get a girlfriendtfw she's 24 and I find out that she's slept with over 30 guystfw she was still dating her ex during the first week we went outShould I dump her?
you have terrible self esteem if you feel the need to ask this question
yeah, that shouldn't even be a question. Dump this whore.
Yeah, the "dating her ex" bit is a little deceitful...Is she remorseful about it?
pump and dumpdon't forget to wear a condom if you do
Sounds like she's going to trade up on you first chance she gets like she did with her ex
If she betrayed her bf to get with you, don't you think she will betray you to get with her next bf?Men are like toys to women, they just play with you until it gets boring, then she'll toss you aside like you were nothing.
men are nothing more than a game to me
Blacks on Blondesgirl isn't blonde
Depends. She is a normie. Do you think you can get an actual high quality girl?
The thing with her ex is meaningless, you weren't exclusive.
Degenerate normies have arrived.
You're stupid
should I dump her?If you have to ask you've already been cucked my friend.
Fuck her and dump her
Is this "exclusive" shit an American thing? If you go out with someone of course you shouldn't be seeing other people, relationships aren't like trying out a fucking car.
Fuck her then dump her assshe doesn't wanna have sexDump her, there's two reasons
If she cheats with you she'll cheat on you.Get head, learn moves to please women, move on from her.With moves learned you can please high quality girl and make her crave yo dick.Live without crazy cunt.No Ragrets.
Stupid dude. Yes leave her asap
relationships aren't like trying out a fucking car.That's exactly what casual dating is.
I do agree with you comrade
It is a 100% Murica trend.... and Britain.... and some parts of France.
Next her, if you have self-worth at all.You might as well drink a can of coke that a hobo pissed in.
Should I dump her?yes,she is not gf materialuse her what she is,a walking masturbation device, if you want to
30 is a lie. She is a normal female in the 21st century. She has been to orgies. She knows you're repressed as hell and isn't mentioning it. This could be your gateway to being a normal person, if you don't sperg
This is not a trend in BritbongistanWhen I'm seeing different girls it's because they're a fuck buddy and I make that clear to them before we even have sex. If you don't and you're sleeping around with girls under false pretenses you're what's know as a "cunt".
No, let her dump herself after she catches you fucking other women. In the mean time, enjoy your "relationship."
She's worthless beyond a fuck buddy. If you date this woman consider yourself a beta cuckold.
Normal female.Been to orgiesPick one
why do you care OP? you will not marry her its not serious enjoy the ass of that slut until you get boring and then say good bye be a player
But the guy being called "her ex" doesn't that mean they weren't just casually dating but in a committed relationship?
Getting increasingly turned on by the prospect of having a black bf boytoyNo black people in Irelandsuffering
In England, "blonde" doesn't mean yellow hair. It refers to any female hair colour. In other words, a female ginger is blonde but a male ginger is not.
Think of it like she's a company and you're an employee. She interviewed several different people in the same week then chose the best one. You should be thankful that she chose you. If you quit she'll just instantly pick someone else from the endless supply of men chasing her.
Sorry to detail but.What's so attractive about black people specifically to you?
It's hard for me to believe that these morons supposedly invented my language.
Built in danger factor I imagine
PUMP AND DUMP

Dark skin is something I associate strongly with masculinity and I'm submissive so it's ideal. They seem so confident and strong too.We don't have gangs or hip hop culture over here so there's no minority group of black people to form a negative image of. It's a purely physical attraction.
she hung out with niggers. That's her fault for liking thug stereotypes.I've never hurt anyone. In fact whites usually bully me and try to beat me up.
taking relationship advice from autists who have never seen a woman in years
get off the internet louis
tfw black and dumped my last gf for being a sub

, 
, 
, 
How do I get extremely fashionable and tasteful women?
By being extremely fashionable and tasteful yourself
, 
Why does liberal America enable mentally-ill people?
You're right. We need to bring back asylums, instead of paying them to sit around all day shitposting on chans.
It's not so bad. The alternative is probably worse and it's fine if they aren't hurting anyone.
as a liberal, it bothers me. its just coalition building though. you fuckers on the right suck born-again cock all day long and you say we're degenerate for being nice to the faggots, so i'll take you seriously as soon as you take jimbob's circumcised dick out of your moth.
because its the best way we can currently treat their mental illness. they harm nobody but themselves
The alternative is probably worse and it's fine if they aren't hurting anyone.It's literally orwellianNot only is she now a she, but "She was always female, from birth. and talking about how historical events should use her new name. It cannot be allowed to rewrite history ignoring fact.
How long before he kills himself? Is there a betting pool on this yet?
Because enabling and celebrating these people is seen as progress. Which feeds directly in the liberal idea of history as some sort sort of process which will lead humanity into some sort of utopia.
Oh man I didn't even think of this.I'd like between three and four years, please.
they harm nobodyJust like promiscuity or homosexuality harm nobody, right?
What's wrong with being mentally ill?
They don't.
once everyone stops giving him attention
Showering them in attention and praise for being SO BRAVE? For what? Having a mental illness? Allowing a gender identity disorder sufferer to mutilate their genitals is no different than allowing a body identity integrity disorder sufferer to have their fucking legs cut off.It doesn't matter if it's what they "want." You don't capitulate to the self-destructive demands of the mentally ill; you protect them from themselves.
You don't capitulate to the self-destructive demands of the mentally illWhy not?
Better question: why are those people are allowed to reproduce?
Why does there seem to be so many more mtf trans than ftm? What are the numbers??
worrying about what some other nigga who you'll never meet does with their lifeya salty, nigs
I can't recall a single instance where I've been harmed by the promiscuity and homosexuality of others, so ya.
Because 50% of the mtf trans are just perverted men wanting to become lebos or closed homos who think being a girl will get them more dick.
MtFs lower the difficulty level on their lives.FtMs raise it.
Honestly, it's jewluminati identity politics. They don't like strong traditional families
From my perspective, it's morally reprehensible.From the perspective of somebody who disagrees, it's inefficient. You may as well gas them.
because it makes moneyremember that regardless of what they want, trannies still know deep down they're fucked in the head hence why most kill themselvesback in the 80s there was a kid that had his penis accidentally removed at birth in a circumcision accident, so he was raised a girl. The result? By puberty he was acting like a boy and his parents just told him he was. He spent the next 30 years living as a male until his second wife filed for divorce and he shot himself
That's not what's happening with bruce. You'll understand when the sex tape comes out and kanye kills himself from embarrassment. Yes, I'm implying kanye will get drunk and fuck Bruce Jenner when he's drunk. Like Smokey said, the older the berry, the sweeter the juice
hahaha
the point I'm trying to make here, is that eventually all the trannies/degenerates being made now will stop before going all out or will go all out and then suicide
MtFs lower the difficulty level on their lives.Sure, but they destroy their private lives in the process.
Mentally illYou know, there is scientific evidence that suggests that trans peoples' brains have the same structure as those of the gender they identify as.
I don't care about trannies as long as they're not making laws about acceptance or some shit.On a pic related note, I'm still calling him Bruce. Not because of "hur druh tolling lel" but that's how I've always known him. Either way I still like Jenner. I've always thought he was a kind human being. I only wish him happiness.
gud one
There seems to be just as many but people seem to give less of a fuck about ftm.I guess cause they stick out less and females generally have more flexibility with their aesthetic. Also people that adopt more masculine personality traits tend to be less attention seeking so they end up flying under the radar.
whats worse is that people actually care and talk about it seriously like it effects them on a personal level
Yeah, and?
tfw gay mfw some dirty NEET who probably doesn't shower or brush his teeth regularly tells me I'm a hazard to society
their brains are different, so it's not a disorder
So it kinda proves that it's a real thing and not just mentally ill people.
As opposed to what? Punishing mentally ill people?
nuffin wrong with my baby he jus' different
Pathetic
AIDs

faggots OUT
ThisHe's one of the biggest attention whores in the media. I'm honestly not even sure if he's actually trans. He might just do it for the attention/money.
Shown live on the final episode of his brand new hit reality tv show, only on MTV
Are you a mental health professional?Then what gives you the right to label what defines a person as 'mentally ill'?
How about not praising them as the better people for a start
I like this uniquely right wing American accusation that liberal leaning people are responsible for an individuals degenerate choices because they believe it absolves them from having to admit and take responsibility for the fact that this is the price they pay for the freedom they never stop shutting the fuck up about.
But it doesn't harm you. Why does it matter to you, you don't have to do it.
What does schizophrenia have to do with gender dysphoria?
It's not about the individuals degenerate choice, but the fact that this individual is now on the cover of a very popular womens 'feelgood' magazine and that everyone is praising him.
Guess I'm just not self-centered enough. :^Schizophrenic brains have a unique structure. So schizophrenia is a "real thing" and not just mental illness, right?
Guess I'm just not self-centered enough. :^So it's wrong cause you don't like it. Are you a fascist?
Did you even read my post? The study says that trans people have the same brain structure as the gender they identify as, their brain structure is completely normal, just not the brain structure of the gender they were assigned at birth.
Because we have to deal with new laws that recognise their 'rights.' A lot of people might not actually hate gays, but that they won't shut up about their personal lives is what pisses everybody off. A man wants to be a woman? Fine, but shut the fuck up about it and don't lobby congress about how the rest of society has to deal with your kind. Don't give us these bullshit politically correct laws that permit degeneracy. Don't give me that 'it hurts nobody' bullshit because it fucking does.
You know you can just stop buying that "feelgood" magazine?
It's no bullshit. Just stop listening to them, or are they following you on the street and force you to have sex with them?
Chopping your balls and dick off and making a fake vagina and acting like a woman as a man = batshit crazy.
you see, their brain structure is completely different than anyone with the same chromosomes so therefore it's actually normaldifferent is the samewhite is blackwar is peacehot is cold
So gender isn't a social construct.
DID YOU NOT GET THE FUCKING POINT I JUST MADE? ARE YOU THAT FUCKING STUPID? ARE YOU SO FUCKING DENSE THAT YOU COMPLETELY DISREGARDED MY POINT? SOCIETY DOES NOT WANT TO HEAR YOUR BULLSHIT. LEAVE US ALONE YOU FUCKING IDIOT. DON'T FUCKING APPROACH US. WEAR A DRESS IF YOU WANT BUT SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT IT. JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT THE FUCK UP. NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR YOUR SHIT.
I don't buy it. But millions of women do and form their opinions based on it.
Pictured: Social justice
Chromosomes decide sex. not gender.

Are you solipsists? Because I'm not sure that the things I ignore stop affecting the rest of the world. Maybe you could convince me.
good reply.
Maybe gender is a broader spectrum that people like to believe, what defines people's identity is rarely just their genitals, but the characteristics that make up their personality, if someone feels they have a more feminine personality than masculine, why shouldn't they identify as female, even if they have male genitals? Unless someone has a significantly skewed comprehension of reality that it hinders their ability to function, you can't just flippantly throw around labels like 'insane'.
This is an asylum.
WITNESS ME
michael jackson gets surgery to appear white because he feels he is trapped in the wrong body, and is a fucking lunatic"lol whacko jacko! fucking freak!"bruce jenner get's surgery to appear female because he feels he is trapped in the wrong body, and is a fucking lunatic"what a strong, brave WOMAN. how dare you judge her for her body!"
He had a skin condition that causes skin to lose it's pigment.
So gender isn't a social construct.

Really? All I hear are people callin him a faggot irl.
I would tell you but NSA has me under surveillance.
ThisMJ wants to make his nose look like he put it in a pencil sharpener - uh look at him, he's gone crazy, let's make fun of him in every low tier comedy movie or tv show there isBJ wants to split his dick in half and relocate it inside his body and reshape his balls into a fake labia - omg so brave!!!!!11one
It's not my shit and like I said, just stop listening to them. Society seemingly wants to hear about it, since it sells so well.
Maybe it isn't, but my main point was that identifying with a different gender other than those assigned by your genitals/ chromosomes does not make you insane, someone could have perfectly rational reasons for doing so.
I think it's pretty funny how every trans degenerate and their enablers were screaming that gender was a obsolete social construct until the very moment they found a study which validated the idea that gender is determinable with brain scans.So now it's not a social construct. It's biological, physical.I can't help but wonder how this is reconciled with the feminist belief that gender roles are bullshit.I think I'm beginning to understand why the TERF splinter is growing.
It stops affecting you when you ignore it. Why care about the rest?
What about identifying with a different species?
I'm pro trans and I disagree. Gender is not a real thing, there is no spectrum, but I see no reason why one shouldn't be allowed to do what as one likes with their own body.
Again:
But why are you crying then? Why does it make you mad what millions of women do?
1.88mAre you fucking kidding me?! This faggot was blessed with that kind of stature and he throws it away to be a broad, ugly woman?
Because it doesn't. Nazis would have still rolled over Poland even if I was in Germany prior to WW2, ignoring the very existence of Hitler.
not even 1.90who the fuck are you kidding m8
Why does it make you mad what millions of women doAre you fuckin serious?
To be a man pretending to be a broad, ugly woman.
It's trendy and cool.liberals believe THIS is rational thought
Nazis were exactly fascist like you who want to make their opinions the law. You can't ignore them or you get killed. There is no one killing you for not being gay or modifying your genitals. You can ignore them and nothing will happen to you.
1.91 fag detectedNews flash, you hardly look any taller than a 6'2" guy.
Yes, I'm genuinely curios. Why does it make you mad?
Whoosh.The point is that stuff does not stop affecting you or your environment just because you choose to ignore it, you shining star.
want to make their opinions the lawSounds familiar
implying the nazis weren't right to do so
Okay, then tell me please how it affects you when you're ignoring it.
You're pretty dense, aren't you?
They only want laws that benefit them, not laws that will harm you.Yes, I'm implying exactly that. The Nazi were retards.
Well..it has a big impact on society if so many women base their opinions on the jew media. I mean look at modern day feminism...It's just a matter of time until they'll build concentration camps for cis males
The Nazi were retards.
They only want laws that benefit them, not laws that will harm youYou seriously believe that? Ever looked at divorce laws?
How so?
this affects sexual orientation not "body image"body image is cultural, which is ironically an argument the gay community often use but for some reason it doesn't apply to tranniesreality is not pick and mix, it is either true scientific fact or it isn't
Well, I would say that is a different case, but again, it doesn't necessarily define someone as insane. It would depend upon what you mean by 'identify'. If someone said 'I admire the qualities of this animal and feel I share many of the qualities of this animal and share a personal affinity with it', they are probably still sane. However, if someone was convinced that they were raised by wolves, even when they weren't, and proceeded to take on the behaviour of a wolf in public, then I would perhaps question their sanity. As long as you can correctly apprehend reality within a rational and coherent world-view, I feel that you are still sane, whatever you identify as.
It's just a matter of time until they'll make pussy whipped betas build concentration camps for cis malesWomen don't build. They complain until men do
almost every country in Europe was on in progress or on its way to quietly and efficiently expelling the JewsNazis decide to turn it up to 11 and piss off/horrify a bunch of people in the processcreate so much sympathy for Jews that it undoes thousands of years of progress toward eliminating the Jew problemGud one nazis.
Meh. As long as those filthy degenerate trannies make me some shekels, it's all good with me, goy.Libertarianism FTW!
But my rights as a transspecies being should be protected under law.
Why does the impact on society matter to you? If your seriously thinking they gonna build concentration camps, then you are the one who's mentally ill.le jewspiracy memeWhat has that to do with gay marriage or the laws for transsexuals?
They kind of did solve the jewish problem, at least for Europe.
So if a non-wolve identifies as a wolfkin and acts like a wolf publicly, that person is insane, yet if a non-woman identifies as a woman and acts like a woman publicly, that person is perfectly sane
they DID pretty much absolve Poland of jews.
So why don't trannies just ignore ~*transmisogygny*~? It'll stop affecting them, right?
1.95 tbh
WAR IS PEACE FREEDOM IS SLAVERYIGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
People with Body Dysmorphic Disorder can't even get a nose job because they're mentally ill and surgeons will refuse to help them, but a trans person gets to tuck in their dick, change their entire body and face + hormones?
No, not if that means that they are discriminated by law.Look at me, I read "reddit the book"
because it makes moneyIt's more that the intellectual classes are filled with liberal degenerates, and the ultra-wealthy are either liberal themselves or are moral cowards who will never rock the boat for fear of losing their shekels.
because the wolfkin grabs babies out of strollers so he can eviscerate them in the woods and feast on their entrails.how do you not understand where that line is drawn?
Then why are there not different words for it?Man/boy has always been synonymous with maleWoman/girl has always been synonymous with femaleEven if your gender identity bullshit was true, why do they want to go through surgeries and treatments to make themselves appear "more feminine" if they think being feminine is just a social construct?
Alright, so we should ignore human rights violations in developing nations. It doesn't affect any of us.
And when he/she does its going to be society's fault of course. "We weren't supportive enough! That's why brucey an hero'd" This whole shit is infuriating because the media and all the soulless leaches living vicariously through Keeping Up with the Kardashians are supporting him now after tuning in weekly to laugh and mock his disfunctional ass and family. They thing they are such good people for supporting him now when he is transitioning when he played as one of America's clowns for several years now.
just ignore it bros, it doesn't directly affect you so why do you careHoly fuck, what a moron
Thisperson with BIID begs plastic surgeon to remove four of his toesplastic surgeon refuses to do this because he won't support the patients mental illnessmr BIID flies to tailand to get his toes removed by some "surgeon" in the gutter with a rusty saw dies of infection a week laterbrave transwoman goes to the plastic surgeon to have her balls and dick sliced off, reshaped and then sewn back onsurgeon does this without hesitation because he is a progressive thinking person who realises that trans sexualism is in no way mentally ill
FtMsGoing from Casual to New Game++ NIGHTMARE MODE
I guess you got me there. But do you seriously see no difference in people having the right to love who they want when it harms no one, people changing their bodies which also affects no one except themselves, and people slaughtering the innocent?
How am I a moron? Name-calling doesn't make me change my opinion.
How about a domesticated-dog-kin then? Why do you know exactly where to draw the line?
itt: dipshits who have no idea what they are talking about, have no experience with transexuals/ psychology, but still bitch about it because they listen to their savage ape brain and hate everything that is different and unfamiliar.the mental chemistry of the individual is different depending on whether or not they identify as male or female, and those that do identify often still conform to their gender roles. transexuality is present in ancient cultures all throughout the world, India, Samoa, abbos are all fat and pug-faced so it probably doesn't make a difference to them. Bruce/Caitlynn Jenner is ugly as sin, yes, but more importantly so goddamn rich she can change genders and live out her princess fairytale fantasy. Nobody gives a shit, it's disgusting to parade her around like a role model just as it is disgusting to attribute sexual dysmorphia to the fall of first world society, which is really more due to the fact that the third world is industrializing, modernizing and rendering us obsolete. /Pol/ are all retards and completely uninvolved in politics. Go fuck yourselves.
it's disgusting to parade her around like a role modelThisThisThisThat's exactly why we're pissed off
As long as he doesn't start pissing in public, sticking his nose in people's crotches, bowling down and humping children or threatening niggers, yeah, sure. It's weird as fuck, but then again most furfags are well adjusted, responsible individuals, which puts them leagues ahead of the end-is-nigh cocksuckers here.
 it's disgusting to parade her around like a role modelWhy do you people care?
Liberals
Because it influences other people with impaired mental faculties.
Reminder that if you wouldn't fuck Caitlyn Jenner you're a faggot
Mad mutant detected
As long as it doesn't influence you?
innocentSays who? Do you not believe that morality is relative?
How is 1984 'reddit the book'?
It was just a phrase. I mean killing people without a fair process.
It's one of those entry high school books the "book nerds" of reddit love so much.
Are you guys really that dense?If nationwide sometimes worldwide media promotes trans lifestyle over a normal one and makes trans people the new role models for younger people, do you really not think that this won't have an impact on society and everyday life?
Fine, and who decides what is fair?
Because it's good, maybe?
that's because society is more tolerant now.
it's popular, therefore it's shit
Maybe they're just more comfy with their bodies or something.Why are you fagets even discussing this again? Is not giving a shit so difficult?
I don't care about society. It doesn't affect my personal life. I'm not just going to suck dicks just because the media says homosexuality is okay.Amnesty International and similar organisations?
 Because it's easy teenage philosophy.
what happens in society wont have an impact on my personal lifeYou really believe that?
Because it's easy teenage philosophy.please elaborate
So what do you read then?
Has the unshooped cover photo leaked yet? I'm guessing the Vanity Fair photo editors had to work 14 hour days for a month to make him presentable.
There's a world of difference between a boy coming up with the idea on his own, feeling it in his bones, and a sexually confused fuck up hearing about it on TV and going, "oh, I must be a woman, I need HRT," when really he's just, like so many other teens, a dipshit. Figuring out where to draw that line is rough. But Bruce Jenner will never be the new normal, in my opinion conformity to gender identity should be celebrated as healthy, especially with masculinity, more importantly if you make the decision to transition you should be prepared to face a fuck-ton of discrimination and hate, and liberal educators and parents who shelter their children from that are highly irresponsible.
Yes. Society only forms the believe of me that I let them form. I'm not that weak.
It's literally: Fascism is evil.I recently read Brothers Karamazow and Pale Fire
Because most transexuals aren't threats to society in the same way that someone like Elliot Rodger was.
Trannies not only harm themselves, but they harm younger people mostly young women. The younger crowd looks up to faggots like Jenner it helps them rationalize their own special snowflake sexuality. Look up "Tumblristas vine compilation" on youtube if you need proof.Liberalism is a mental disorder. If you honestly believe people should be allowed to do anything as long as it doesn't immediately harm someone else, you're an idiot. These thing have serious implications over a long period of time. Another example, pedophilia was removed from the DSM meaning its not considered a mental disorder. Quickly after online stores started selling child sex dolls.- People have been scheming to ruin western society with this shit for a long time, and now we are living their agenda.
a sexually confused fuck up hearing about it on TV and going, "oh, I must be a woman, I need HRT,"said no boy ever
Silly anon.Don't you know negative mutations can always be developed into adaptations under the right circumstances?
I guess that's what the french nobles thought
Or he stays inside all day playing with the colors on his video game avatar instead of building the muscle mass, testosterone and good health that will help him immensely through life when he realizes that being a woman/ womanly is bullshit.
conservapedia
Trannies not only harm themselves, but they harm younger people mostly young women. The younger crowd looks up to faggots like Jenner it helps them rationalize their own special snowflake sexuality. Look up "Tumblristas vine compilation" on youtube if you need proof.You can't fight stupidity. If it's not their sexuality, special snowflake teenagers find something different.If you honestly believe people should be allowed to do anything as long as it doesn't immediately harm someone else, you're an idiot. These thing have serious implications over a long period of time. How so? Either I'm an idiot, or you are a paranoid tinfoil nut.Another example, pedophilia was removed from the DSM meaning its not considered a mental disorder. Quickly after online stores started selling child sex dolls.Pedophilia directly harms children. Child sex toys nourish pedophilia so there are direct consequences. Sex changes only affect the people who want a sex change.
always lose it at this
Who cares what he does? It doesn't affect you, so it should be none of your business.
What are you referring to? The Monarchy directly affected every person who was ruled by it.
butthurt stormweenie detected1984 haters confirmed for statist, bootlicking commies and wannabe nazis
If you honestly believe people should be allowed to do anything as long as it doesn't immediately harm someone else, you're an idiot. LIBERTARIANSNOT LIBERALSuhg
I guess body dysmorphia and all the other eating disorders/body image disorders dont harm anyone but themselves either.
How so? Either I'm an idiot, or you are a paranoid tinfoil nut.No, dude. Arguments like "It's my body I should do what I want" and women justifying their promiscuity with "I should be ALLOWED to have all the sex I want!" are self serving platitudes made to desperately attempt to extinguish any semblance of guilt in the person saying it because they KNOW it's trashy.Life isn't all about instant gratification and hedonism, and yeah I know you're gonna say that's hilarious coming from a loser on /r9k/ who probably masturbates and plays video games all day except I don't. Besides that, it's the principle that matters. Women are always going on about how they're the loneliest and most isolated they've ever felt and men are children who never grow up, well this whore culture of it being encouraged to fuck dozens of dudes is incompatible with the nuclear family. You can't have your cake and eat it too. Liberalism seems to lack self restraint and self awareness.What kind of examples is this setting? If sex WEREN'T a responsibility, we wouldn't have so many single mothers, STDs and other shitty problems that comes with being irresponsible. Contraceptives only go so far, the rest is due to personal responsibility. Besides all this, who the fuck actually WANTS all this debauchery? I fucking don't.
wow you took my source and maymay texted it you're so smart i wish i could argue like you
I'm a leftist. Enjoy your YA.
Great effing question, why DO we enable you mentally ill fucks that ask these questions? You moron. You know nothing about any of it and you want to make assumptions of everyone else.Noone has enabled Caitlyn besides her money, and right wing people believe in a free market dont they? You dolt
#frenchrevolution
I remember when /pol/ was incredibly libertarian and had a live and let live mindset. Now its incredibly muh conservative that likes to spread shit on other boards. What happened?
I will never get to fuck it in the ass
Self entitled dolts making the assumption that their lifestyle is somehow morally superior... I had an argument the other day with a guy about this, he used a verse from the Bible that immediately proceeds a passage that gives people permission to slay a woman who isnt a virgin on her wedding night: My point, Ive been raped, I should be killed if ever I marry? the response. Yes.
The irony in all of this is that Bruce is a hard right conservative. Bet you did not know that OP
Besides all this, who the fuck actually WANTS all this debauchery? I fucking don't.This.Women need to be subjugated for the benefit of society. Allowing them the rights that were originally reserved for men is where the downfall of Western society began. Women are not smart enough to vote, and allowing them to have any sexual partners other than their assigned husband lets their naturally degenerate nature take over. They'll mate with every high status man they can and ruin their ability to pair bond or raise a child, which is their only use. The only thing we can hope for a is a resurgence in Christian morals and a more authoritarian government that keeps these degenerates from destroying society.
No, dude. Arguments like "It's my body I should do what I want" and women justifying their promiscuity with "I should be ALLOWED to have all the sex I want!" are self serving platitudes made to desperately attempt to extinguish any semblance of guilt in the person saying it because they KNOW it's trashy.Who cares why they do what they do, it's non of our business. Why do you want to police peoples bodies? It has nothing to do with you. How would you feel it they would force you to live promiscuous? You are forcing your opinion down other peoples throat. Life isn't all about instant gratification and hedonism,Maybe your life isn't, but other people can make everything they want with their lifes as long as they don't harm anyone elseWomen are always going on about how they're the loneliest and most isolated they've ever felt and men are children who never grow up, well this whore culture of it being encouraged to fuck dozens of dudes is incompatible with the nuclear family. You can't have your cake and eat it too. Liberalism seems to lack self restraint and self awareness.What kind of examples is this setting? If sex WEREN'T a responsibility, we wouldn't have so many single mothers, STDs and other shitty problems that comes with being irresponsible. Contraceptives only go so far, the rest is due to personal responsibility. Why do you care? No one is forcing you to participate in it.Besides all this, who the fuck actually WANTS all this debauchery? I fucking don't.They do and you have no right to take it from them.
Ayyy lmao
This.
Conservatism is the next step of political growth after libertarianism. Libertarianism is an edgy teen political mindset. I used to be libertarian as did a lot of my close friends. After we all started doing research on different areas of politics, the conservative mindset just came natural. Not trying to generalize, but all the people I know and have met who are conservatives started out as liberals or libertarians.
Yeah, like I said, the Monarchy affected everyone so it was their right to fight it.
Because God wants us to overcome evil. There's no coherent defense of evil existing other than as something to be overcome to make good truly meaningful.
Look up spread of aids between homosexual males.Also bug chasingYW, Now go back to pawjustice.com
You have a passive mindset that enables gross behavior. Don't have kids, they will be degenerates because of your lack of boundaries and "do what feels right" attitude.
given the choice, ill take a tranny over a child-diddling bible thumper 10 times out of 10.
Tfw being a degenerate and there is nothing youi fuqq bois can do about it
Just another degenerate who exists only to go to Hell.
My point was:french noble:"uh, some peasants are talking smack in the tavern. Oh well, it doesn't affect me in any way... live and let live, right?Two months later: pic relatedIt's just that changes in society necessarily affect everyone in it. It doesn't matter if your worldview changes, if everyones around you does.Also just try to replace the word monarchy with patriarchy
political growthshit sounds like a pokemon evolution
Gender is a social construct. Sex is not.
She better give back her Olympic medals
It's literally: Fascism is evil.you either didnt read it or didnt understand it.the whole point was how and why the party did what it did
Not everyone is a Christian. Do you seriously want to live in a Theocracy? Why do you not just join ISIS?
stormwenie i want reddit to leave
Because Muslims don't acknowledge Jesus as the Son of God.
You have a passive mindset that enables gross behavior.Is that your way of saying "I only care about myself and let other people do their own thing"? If yes, the you are right.Don't have kids, they will be degenerates because of your lack of boundaries and "do what feels right" attitude.I won't have kids, but even if I did, I would trust them to make their own decisions without manipulating them to take my views.
Also, I forgot to add that Arabs are literally not human. Christianity is for Whites.
Monarchy affected all, sex changes and homosexuality affect trannies and homos. They don't want to change you at all.
They never really said why d´they did what they did? But I've read it when I was a teenager, so I might not recall it correctly.
 Make your own Christian ISIS than. You can start at /pol/, they will like you.
yes the book did, it was the whole point of the final scene when wilson was being interrogated
Damn, a brain that's not compatible with its body...What could such a thing possibly be named?
Remember, kids: the delusions of those with body integrity identity disorder need treatment and therapy, but the delusions of those with gender identity disorder need to be entertained!Fondest Regards,The Kikes that run your media.
i see more parallels between modern liberalism and 1984 than with the average guy from /pol/
looks like jessica lange, so id probably fuck her just cuz.
i don't think you know what Orwellian means or even read any of his books, you pleb.
You realise that I didnt compare monarchy with transgenderism, right? I compared the SWJism to the french revolutionaries.Just because a socisl movement doesn't affect the way you think doesnt mean that it doesn't affect your environment and living conditions.Another example:Zach Liebenstein didn't support the nazi party and didn't think antsemitism was right. In fact he didn't even care about politics. Yet he still got locked away in a concentration camp.
Because the liberals themselves are mentally ill
theres something wrong but theres no illnessthey arent abnormalthey are atypical!!111WAR IS PEACE FREEDOM IS SLAVERY IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
So you suggest that because their brains are doing something they shouldn't they're not mentally ill?Are you mentally ill?
So, why did they did it? What was this great message I've missed?
I'm not arguing for SJW forcing there ideology on me, though. I argue for transgender and gay rights.
how do you know it shouldnt be? If you look at Earth as a body, humanity is a virus. This virus can't live without a host, so gays, trans, and people like you are the population cap. Sure it may not cap by a lot but something is better than nothing.the only argument i see people have against gay/trans rights is "It makes me uncomfortable and I don't like it"
the only argument i see people have against gay/trans rights is "It makes me uncomfortable and I don't like it"Exactly.
It makes me uncomfortable and I don't like itI don't care if someone's gay/trans, I just don't want them to shove it in my face and praise it like it is the bravest and best thing ever.
societyYou mean Zionist run media"Society" isnt the one who brought about the enabling of the mentally ill
I just don't want them to shove it in my faceHow did they ever do that? By putting a tran-guy on a women magazine cover?
MOOOM, I POSTED IT AGAIN LELELELE
All I'm saying is there's a problem with their mind, and that would qualify as mental illness. I don't think this is humanities way of lessening the pool of people, especially considering, as you pointed out, how little that would actually do.I think homosexual, transgender, what have you, would be defensive because if they were truly born that way it would, I assume, hurt to tell them that they're actually just sick, but that's what it is, something humanity should be trying to cure just like any mental illness in my opinion. I'm bi-polar, and I wouldn't want doctors to stop finding a permanent cure for this because I was born this way.On note I'm pretty sure the percentage of people who are actually homosexuals is far lower than the people who claim to be. So I don't know what's going on there.
fuck off sodomite

we should just force them for treatment I know better what they need that they do
I should add though, of course many people are perfectly happy with being the way they are. Hell there are even homeless people who are only homeless because they refuse to take medication that they feel changes them too much for their comfort. I'm not saying people of other sexuality should be given mandatory medicine, or any crazy shit like that. I'm just saying to say that because some people are happy the way they are doesn't mean we shouldn't try to find a cure.
See the post below you. I never said forced treatment, I just said there's an illness, and a cure should
I have such a weak mind, it's easily manipulated by anything I see on TV
*Cure should be sought out.
well we live in a time where people like /r9k/ still exist . The reason Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner is on the cover of a magazine is because this is a guy who was an Olympic athlete, and part of a very famous in pop culture family. Thats why people are praising it. Its probably difficult for regular average joes to realize what he just did was in front of the WHOLE WORLD. Imagine if your name face and internet browser history were shown on National tv, its essentially the same thing.For all we know there are just people who are supposed to be wired certain ways and just because its different doesnt mean its automatically a mental illness.  There was a time when people thought headaches meant demons were in your head so they would drill a hole. There was a time when people thought the earth was flat and there were gods for every activity and emotion. Human understanding develops over time, this is one of those times.
So they forced you to join a gay parade? Sorry to hear that bro.
i fcking love this pepe
Repeat after meI love fagsI love niggersI love shemalesViolators will be taken away to the Gulags.
But why, when they don't want your treatment?
I don't care if anyone mutilates their genitals, but don't get mad when people don't pretend you're a woman or have a giggle at your expense because you're a butter.
All of the people enabling sodomites in this threadThe Psychiatrist in Chief at JOHN FUCKING HOPKINS said that its an illness, and yet all you fucking retards just gobble up media "wow stronk wimen u go gurl xD"THIS IS WHY YOU WILL ALL SUFFERYOU IGNORE THE INTELLIGENTYOU FOLLOW THE CORRUPTEDYOU DESERVE EVERY SINGLE CALAMITY TO BEFALL YOU
Sure, that's an entirely possible theory, I'm genuinely not trying to shit on other genders, sexuality, or anything. I'm just saying as of now it seems to be a mental illness, it's entirely possible it isn't, but I think it should at least be researched, and better understood. This is difficult when we have special snow flake mentalities though.
As much as I hate the pride parade for the ACTUAL degenerates that come. e.g: almost or fully naked people in BDSM gear Lots of other communities have parades. Here in ny theres a parade for a lot of different nationalities, just the other week there was one for I think Norway.
Perhaps someone would? Maybe not everyone wants to feel like they identify as a woman when their body is telling them otherwise, or vice versa.
implying people like this don existimplying their numbers aren't big enough to give these companies a lot of power
JOHN FUCKING HOPKINSWOAH JOHN HOPKINS, NO WAY. THATS AMAZING. So if he told you he knew when the world would end you'd believe, numbnuts?
And they can get it, no one forces them to get genital surgery.
Oh yes, all people are just mindless sheep. But not you, the evil jews hold nothing against your brilliance.
Why does 4chan enable edgy faggots to seek the attention their parents never gave them?
So you honestly don't believe that media cab shape peoples worldviews
Because anonymity and no strict moderation
please refer to me as "she"Then please refer to me as a god. You see, I was just born with a mortal humans body, but in my brain, I identify as a spiritual omnipresent being. I'm not crazy, I am planning on getting a halo surgically implanted on my skull, so soon my transformation will be complete.
can*
No. Maybe 1% of the population is that borderline retarded.
You are quite possibly retarded. This dude literally studied this shit his whole life and has countless papers written about mental illnesses.This is a perfect example of why people like you will never learn. You simply lack the basic mental capacity for logical reasoning. You dont do any actual research into the topic, you look at the first source that confirms your belief implanted by media, then turn around and say "wow, i feel so tolerant and progressive"You're either a woman, a troll, or a sodomiteSo fuck off out of here
She said please, she said not: Refer to me as she or I'll send you to a gulag, shitlord. You don't have to talk to her at all. Just walk away.
GODDAMNIT IF I HAVE TO HEAR ABOUT THIS OR SEE THIS FUCKER ONE MORE TIMEWE GET IT YOU WANT TO BE A WOMAN YAY TRANSGENDERBUT THATS ALL MY STUPID FUCK SOCIAL MEDIA IS FLOODED WITH. I DONT FUCKING CARE JUST STOP TALKING ABOUT IT ALREADY GODCOME THE FUCK AT ME SJW SHITHEADS I DARE YOUYES I AM MAD
So how come so many unreflecting SJWs exist that they can even influence the president
You can safely ignore the opinions of anyone who uses the term SJW
This thread was made by someone like you. You people keep posting about how angry it makes you and then post about how there are too much postings about it.
You are an edgy faggot with insecurity issues
Nice ad hominem, bruhNow address my point
They are a vocal minority and the president is just one person.
Nah id rather call you a faggot nigger who should get a job
How dare you. MS. Jenner is an AMERICAN HERO.It was so COURAGEOUS of HER.SHE will be awarded with an espy for how COURAGEOUS it was for HER to get surgery and pose HER BEAUTIFUL body with HER FEMININE shoulder to hip ratio on Vanity Fair.If you don't RESPECT HER life choices, you are a BIGOT. Im so glad 100 years from now, I will be on the right side of history.Here's to hoping everyone will be free of persecution soon so all the furry and pedophile celebrities come forward in an act of COURAGE to make those ACCEPTED as well.
I'm fine with mentally ill degenerates doing what makes them "happy". What I hate is the fact that the liberal left want to celebrate being gay like it's the cool thing to be these days.
sure m8, this why people like you shouldnt be in jury duty. The second some calls someone else an expert witness you take all their shit to heart. Its sad that you think there's logic in treating people like shit or harming others simply because they were born different than you. No one asks to be born m8, im sure if the lovely denizens of r9k had a choice they would choose not to be. Thats why some of you people make no sense to me. How in a board full of people that KNOW how shit life can they still have thoughts that make others lives shit?
a vocal minorityIf I asked a random girl on the street if she believed that the wage gap is a real thing that affects her, what do you think she'd say?the president is just one personThat is one of the most powerful persons in the world
But Bruce actually is, at least considering how he drives. Plus the completely fucked up children he helped to raise.
If I asked a random girl on the street if she believed that the wage gap is a real thing that affects her, what do you think she'd say?Some will not even have heard of the wage gape, some will think it's real and some will think it's not. Not spending your days on MRA sites doesn't mean you are brainwashed by the media.That is one of the most powerful persons in the worldPoliticians always say what serves them, I think Obama knows the wage gap is bogus but wants to please the liberals.
I think Obama knows the wage gap is bogus but wants to please the liberals.Of course he knows. This is what politics is all about. Bending truths to pander to the maximum amount of people to get yourself into power.
But that's not true at all. I'be already discussed this topic with several women in real life and all of them believed in the wage gap. Also I don't think tha many people are "brainwashed by the media", but I do think that the media influences peoples worldviews. At least to an extend.
did you not read my post? ive researched both sides of this, and I have to say, I'll be siding with the renowned psychologist over the sjws with gender studies degrees
The point was that it was the most stable society they could make.
Also I don't think tha many people are "brainwashed by the media"That's because you're retarded.
native language isn't English, so probably didn't understand the bookthinks the protagonist was named Wilson rather than Winston/lit/ here, you people are fucking unbelievable. Let me know when you advance from Dr. Seuss-level reading comprehension.
Then how do you explain the spread of mental illness enablers?
Fuck off kike.
As long as people don't trample over freedom of speech I don't care what care what people try to do to stamp out their so called "degeneracy".
Of course they believe it cause they benefit from being the victim. That has nothing to do with media influence.
Okay, I have to reread it, because it still sounds pretty shallow. But maybe I don't get it just from 4chan posts.
Do you think "she" has a roastie? Maybe a "dangly"?
Their brains are different and don't match their genitaliaSo there's nothing wrong with their brains, they should just cut their penises off.ooo i am avin a foookin laff.
You do fucking realize that he was literally the fastest man on the planet at one point and an olympic gold medalist, right?
I'd say people who are weak to submit to whatever they are trying to do, their "agenda" I guess, don't deserve anything better. Brainwashing is not hard to avoid.
America has been enabling mentally ill people women for a while now.
Whose to say there isnt something wrong with their bodies? Something thats basically out of the control of the conscious and subconscious mind.
unless your life is on the line or you believe it is. then brainwashing is very effective
You're right, people with body integrity identity disorder should be allowed to amputate their limbs and no medical effort should be made to help them get over their disorders, because people have no right to try and cure a disease.
Whose to say schizophrenia are mental disorders? Something thats basically out of the conscious and subconscious mind.You're legitimately this retarded.I'd bet money that you're a woman.
It's literally orwellian to let people be individuals that do not conform to the social normlmao
but youre calling it a disease with no other basis other than "it makes them too different" Implying shamans of old weren't schizophrenicsAnyways youre comparing something that can potentially make you a danger to people to something thats in most cases is just straight up personal.
X does not fit YRemove X and replace with YPatient diesRemove Y and replace with Xpatient lives
This is true, people with anorexia should continue to starve themselves because their bodies obviously have something wrong with them.
FEMALE IS MALEGENDER IS SEXFEMINISM IS EQUALITYPRIVILEGE IS OPPRESSION

Remind me, why can't everyone just do whatever they want?
comparing apples to oranges. Anorexia usually comes from an obsessive need to fit the incredibly difficult to obtain ultra-lanklet model body that is plastered on magazines and shit. In other words, Anorexia and eating disorders are mental illnesses that occurs through social conditioning, For trans people its usually something theyve known their whole life as early as the can remember.
I'm calling it a disease because their brain is telling them they're not the gender that they are, even though the brain forms after the body forms.This isn't a debate, you're litearlly fucking retarded, you're acting as if your brain is some spiritual shit inhabiting your body, it's not. During the formation of your brain in the womb, something went wrong and your brain did not wire itself properly or this might have happened in your early development as a child.It's a disease because the ICD considers it a mental disorder and John Hopkins university, a.k.a. the place that pioneered gender reassignment surgeries, says it's a mental disorder and no longer preforms these surgeries on people.How do you know that cutting your lims off and wating to die are "diseases"? You're so fucking stupid, honestly, you sound like a dumb woman, your entire argument is based off of some stupid personal conviction instead of facts."I'm so nice and progressive, I don't want them to get better, I want to reinforce their problems and allow them to mutilate their bodies for the rest of their life because it might help them feel better for a short period of time"Newsflash, you cunt, if medical doctors were allowed to actually TREAT these people, they WOULD feel better and live better lives, but they're not because "MUH PROGRESSIVE SEXUALITY"Honestly, fucking kill yourself you bitch.Make a post that literally makes no senseActually think you made a valid point
Schitzophrenia and autism are better fit to compare it to gender disorders, that person just used a wrong example, so don't think your stupid argument was relevant.
a diseaseDo you know what a "disease" is?You keep using that word for some reason and that bothers me.
Because people like to feel on topsuperior to others, and on a board with the lowest of the low grouped up they take what they can get. You should see theres a thread of the most beta looking kid saying how he was a robot and now has a gf and everyone is saying "hurr durr get out normie" People need to feel good about themselves somehow, otherwise they would have killed themselves long ago.
because people are asshole who can't deal with other people
A disease is a particular abnormal condition, a disorder of a structure or function, that affects part or all of an organism.Can you stop replying with your stupid as fuck arguments? Go back to fucking reddit and sit in your dumb echo chamber with your deluded beliefs and don't spout their inane opinions publically.
Thats pretty fucking retarded dude. If anorexia is from social conditioning, then so is body dismorphia or transsexualism or whatever the fuck you want to call it. Women are literally worshiped. They have things given to them on a silver platter. They have more scholarship opportunities, are allowed more leeway in crimes or mistakes, can always find a provider, are not required to initiate anything, can easily get support from the government, and have social hugboxes no matter their creed. The list goes on and on.You just proved me right.
If autism is a better example, then how would you describe the appropriate treatment of autism?Do well tell autistic people not to be so autistic?How does the establishment enable or not enable autistic people?
You're an idiot.
Why would you ever pander to a mentally diseased individual?Why aren't depressed people allowed to kill themselves?Why aren't schitzophrenics allowed to rampage and hurt themselves and others around them?Why aren't autists left in a tiny room to sit and slowly die?This isn't a question about "muh sexual preferences" this is a LEGITIMATE MENTAL DISORDER. And no, I don't fucking care about trannies or gay people getting married or whatever, it's their fucking business, but to sit there and claim that it should somehow be "normal" and "acceptable" to allow people to mutilate themselves based on how their brain "feels" is ridiculous.
I can agree autism would be a better fit but then explain this You won't see someone in mexico getting their head chopped off for being autistic
Implying the Kardashians are doing this for any other reason than publicitySTOP FEEDING THEM
Wow, compelling argument you got there buddy.Sometimes I wonder how people such as yourself can have their head so far up their own ass.
Yeah! Why can't I gouge my left eye out? I identify as a cyclops.
Do well tell autistic people not to be so autistic?We provide autistic people with psychological, psychiatrict and medical help that helps them come to terms, sometimes cope and treat, but mostly let them live with their autism in proper ways.Things we don't do with autists:Make huge campaigns about how autists should be allowed to do whatever their autistic brains want them to doTell autistic people they're brave, beautiful and inspiring when they refuse medical treatmentTell dysfunctional autists that they should be allowed equal rights as normal people when they can't function in society.How does the establishment enable or not enable autistic people?That's the fucking point, you mong, they don't. Autism is a mental disorder just like gender and body dysmorphia, classified by the ICD and people with autism get medical treatment, attention and help.However people suffering from gender dysmorphia get told that they should just mutilate themselves and do whatever they want because it's a "special" disease and theyre all special little snowflakes.
Cool opinion /pol/ack. Now fuck off back to /pol/
daily reminder that the longest-term study done on the effects of transitioning on the mental health of sufferers of gender dysphoria found that suicide mortality, suicide attempts, psychiatric hospitalization, and criminal convictions all markers of poor mental health went up significantly post-transition.reminder that gender dysphoria is a mental disorder with no known treatment or cure.
Women are literally worshiped. They have things given to them on a silver platter. They have more scholarship opportunities, are allowed more leeway in crimes or mistakes, can always find a provider, are not required to initiate anything, can easily get support from the government, and have social hugboxes no matter their creed.Except normal people don't understand any of those social concepts until nearing puberty or after puberty. Most trans stories they knew when they before middle school. You can't just lumped them together because their symptoms look similar. Its like lumping together the flu and meningitis just because they share symptoms.
Back in the day, autists would be killed as children in many parts of the world because there was absolutely no way treatment available for them and people didn't understand it and didn't want to understand it.Now people don't want to treat body/gender dysmorphia and don't want to understand it, this creats a huge segment of the population that is mentally ill and is ACTIVELY being enabled in their mental illness by media and progressive demagogues, of course they're going to be killed...Do you think the killings WOULDN'T stop if we suddenly started giving ALL trannies theraphy and psychiatric help and actually helping them get over it?
diseasedStop using that word.A disease is caused by organisms and is transmissible.It's a disorder or a condition.Why would you ever pander to a mentally diseased individual?In particular instance?Because it seems to be the best available treatment. There were periods where those people just locked up and practically tortured them all day and there were also periods where people tried to treat and fix it and all that fancy-ass shit.That always worked extremely well, right?I mean if it didn't we wouldn't be using it like that.Why aren't depressed people allowed to kill themselves?Depression can be fixed.Also, depression is less "I'm so sad, I want to kill myself" and more "I don't even care I don't really want to do anything, I don't really feel anything, I don't even care enough to kill myself"Why aren't schitzophrenics allowed to rampage and hurt themselves and others around them?That doesn't actually happen.I doubt you know what schizophrenia even is considering how you're talking about it.You may be referring to sociopathy, which is also vaguely fixable. But sociopaths usually try really hard to hide it and they're usually quite good at it.Why aren't autists left in a tiny room to sit and slowly die?So, what else are you gonna do with them?Kill them?this is a LEGITIMATE MENTAL DISORDERIt doesn't matter whether it is or not.The point is there is nothing you can do about it, so just let them be happy if that's what they want.Sure, you can.But you'll have trouble finding a professional who is gonna do that for you, because cyclops are FICTIONAL CHARACTERS, you fucking idiot.You can gouge your eye out right now, go get a spoon and get cracking.
Do you think the killings WOULDN'T stop if we suddenly started giving ALL trannies theraphy and psychiatric help and actually helping them get over it?They'd also stop if people weren't retarded enough to murder someone for something that affects them in only one way, and that is by making them question their sexuality.
LOGH degeneracy.jpg
Except normal people don't understand any of those social concepts until nearing puberty or after pubertyAccording to whom exactly?Most trans stories they knew when they before middle school. You're also eliminating the child's home life and possible trauma received from abuse from the equation
it seems to be the best available treatment.
Well, then how are we gonna help these people?

"And you men who say 'he doesn't look bad' YOU'VE NEVER HAD PUSSY IN YOUR LIFE!"FUCKING BASED!
if there's a way to help them, blindly worshiping them and validating their delusions in support of some totalitarian gender ideology is certainly not it.i've read that the cause of gender dysphoria can be traced to differences in brain structure. this makes it obviously more complicated, but possible to cure in the future when neuroscience and neurosurgery are more advanced and complex. the only issue that could possibly arise is the way a group of mentally ill people and the ideologues who support their delusions will react to a legitimate cure for their condition that doesn't stand in defense of some "gEnDeR iS a SpEcTrUm~~~" insane political stance.
mfw SJWs think that cutting off your dick makes you a woman
i've read that the cause of gender dysphoria can be traced to differences in brain structureWho knows.Maybe it's really this whole "female brain structure in a male body" or the other way around, no?You're not supporting your stance against this sort of thing like this at all, because you just made an argument in favor of it.this makes it obviously more complicated, but possible to cure in the future when neuroscience and neurosurgery are more advanced and complexThat is really, really, really nice, but we're many, many decades away from such a reality. Most of the people this would benefit right now would be dead then.Not to mention the ethical issues of fucking with someone's brain like that.How do we help those people right now?mentally-ill peopleMental health is a very very difficult field to tread on, due to how different people are. Humans are not that simple.What if they're actually physically ill? What if the rest of their body doesn't match their brain instead of their brain just being damaged?The body is just a vessel for the consciousness, after all.What decides the nature of a man?
People of both sexualities are responsible for spreading AIDS. Why is it only bad when homosexuals do it? Because MUH STATISTICS? Would you be anti-heterosexuality if there were statistics suggesting that heteros spread more diseases? This is problematic but there's no reason to hate gays for something both straights and gays share the blame for.
please tell me how attributing gender dysphoria to brain structure has anything to do with my disagreement that gender transition/reassignment is an effective treatment. i made no argument in favour of anything, just pointed out one of the potential causes of gender dysphoria. How do we help these people right now?some things don't have cures right now. the only thing we actually know is that transitioning actually worsens the mental health of the recipient long-term. helping them "right now" will actually fuck them up worse.What if they're actually physically ill?they're not. it's demonstrably a disorder in their brain. quit being retarded.
some things don't have cures right nowNo, but you always have some sort of therapy to alleviate the impact of the condition.the only thing we actually know is that transitioning actually worsens the mental health of the recipient long-termWell, then just do what the author of that specific study suggests as a possible solution, no?
it's demonstrably a disorder in their brainYes, but what if it's not?That's I mean when I'm saying that mental health is very complicated.Many things may seem like a disorder, but they may actually be one.Humans are very complex.
No, but you always have some sort of therapy to alleviate the impact of the condition.so load them up with benzos, like we do with everyone with an incurable mental disorder. thank you based pharmaceuticalsWell, then just do what the author of that specific study suggests as a possible solution, no?if mental health demonstrably worsens after its "treatment" such that it requires constant behavioral therapy/psychiatric medication, then the treatment is ineffective at best and damaging at worse. that is the obvious conclusion to the study, and the suggestion was just that--a suggestion, with no evidence behind the efficacy of such a "solution"
It's a hugbox.It took more drugs, surgery, and effort to alter his body to his "real" self than it would to just adjust his "real" self to his body.
given the choice, ill take a tranny over a child-diddling bible thumper 10 times out of 10.Is that why liberals have thrown the full weight of the "progressive"/liberal movement behind Lena "sister fister" Dunham after she admitted to molesting her infant sister?
Yes, but what if it's not?but it IS.That's I mean when I'm saying that mental health is very complicated.you are saying absolutely nothing. you are not making a point. you are arguing like a philosopher.i pose a, because b and cthat's wrong because x y and zCAN ONE TRULY CLAIM TO KNOW ANYTHING?
this entire postWhich is why people like you come onto this board, right? To "poke a stick at the losers"? you're just as bad as the people you're complaining about, hypocrite
so load them up with benzosFuck that, most of these people seem perfectly functional except for the few odd ones out there.if mental health demonstrably worsens after its "treatment" such that it requires constant behavioral therapy/psychiatric medicationWe don't know how much is needed, but you can work on that sorta issue no?you are arguing like a philosopherYes, because this is philosophical issue.
i was a robot a year ago and now i get to bury my face in this. Dont give up friends.
No you weren't.
haha yea hunny I had 2 poopoo
Omg...impressive ass. Post picz of ur current fuck buds go!
nice man, genuinely happy for youpost a pic of yourself and give us your story and I'll prob find out if you were ever a real 'robot'
you were never a robotfuck off.
Dont give up friends.this is maybe the day I am gonna give up.
what the fuck is with this illiterate shits that sound like they're from 9gag on /r9k/? where the fuck are they coming from? /soc/?
does she enjoy a spanking?if not, do it anyway, assert your dominance and ownership of dat ass.
inside... her butt?
all those veins god damn that's disgusting
hehe for your lack banter handling abilities i present to you this award very exclusive ;o
ur mum's pussy
Just b yourself guys ;
a JUST BE FYURSELF,! EVENTUALLY PUSSY WILL MAGICALLY FALL ON YOUR DICK!!
every robot saying I'll never have sex or gf because of everybody and everything elsedespite all this robots negativity, his viewpoint is bullshit and things do happenlo and behold, not 100% of girls solely go for an 8+/10, 6'2", rich Chadtries to bring that news here"fuck off normie"It happens every time and It's hilarious.Does your gf know you're taking pictures of her ass?
Friendless nerd my whole life then I went out to a bar one night and got this ones number somehow..its hard for me to type on this tablet thing so yah...im the one on the left
h o wowyou must a 10/10 personality because god damn
Post more please.

He puprosedly picked one where he looks like shit to fit his narrative, here's why
I want to berry my dick so deep in your butthole that whoever could pull it out would be crowned King Arthur.
Some girls have a fetish for dweeby looking guys or maybe its a height thing, you tall OP?My guess is her forcing him to be buried in her thick buttocks is some sort of maternal domination so if he is dweeby he might just do the trick.
Dont have my phone on me or id show you some other views.
That's a nice booty.
I also work at subway and im 25 lol
Thats disgusting.
how often does she let you out of chastity cage
shes pretty submissive actually. I just dominate the fuck out of her make her cum multi most of the time.
WHITE
You could literally have been a chad since birth you fuckupWOWYou dont know what suffering istrue robothood is being born into a shitskin race in a country where you are literally subhuman no matter what the SJW media sayI swear whites are the worst when it comes to being robots, you are WHITE for fuck sake, just get a haircut get fit and you literally RUN SHITholy fuck, you wasted all those years probably listening to shit likeCUT MY LIFE INTO PIECESTHIS IS MY LAST RESORTSUFFOCATIONNO BREATHINGtier crapBORN ON EASY MODESTILL FAILSYou have no idea how mad this fucking makes mesuffer
you don't dominate somebody by eating them out

I said i was already m8, so idk what ur doing here
Every fucking person who says "I used to be a robot now I XYZ" is always always white and atleast 5/10hmmmmmmmmmm
That's disgusting. You can almost smell it from here.
ez mode tiers from easy to hard:CHAD MODE: White 5'10 - 6'4Normie mode: White 5'8 - 5'9, or white lankletMedium mode: white manlet, white with an ugly face, shitskin non-manlet with a decent faceHard mode: Shitskin manlet, extremely short white manletImpossible mode: Extremely short shitskin manlet or shitskin manlet with a really ugly face.I'm gonna copypaste that for future threads. I'm on hard mode and it fucking sucks.
Nightmare modeShitskin race, Manlet, Balding, 1/10, Dumb, Poor, with a Lisp/Speech Impediment, Asthma, Gyno, Skinnyfat, Small Dick
Guilty as charged :^Though the fact that I've had a number of sexual partners in two digits okay, ten, only counting PIV to orgasm, not blowey jowey, have a job that pays well in an office environment, have had long term relationships, FWB arrangements, and lived with a gf for several years, does not prevent me from calling myself a robot on this board.And there's nothing you can do to stop it, in large part because there's no way you could know when I post here, because I take great care to hide it.
iktfb.i got a milf for a few weekends but not anymore.and now i feel like shit again.
meatDisgusting
are we supposed to feel jealous of cellulitis?
Is 5'4 eligible for hard mode?
does not prevent me from calling myself a robot on this board.And there's nothing you can do to stop itI can't even Ree in retaliation. I can't even feel like shit in peace anymore. I hope you and the other normies can enjoy the novelty of acting like pathetic robots. It's not acting for some of us
I try desperatly to fit in with people who I think are below meOkay guy.

Probably, but it depends on the average height where you live IMO.
is 5'6 eligible for hard mode?
average height is around 5'11
average height is around 5'11Then I'd say yes unless you have an attractive face. But not in Burgerland with a 5'9 average for example.
Because I'm white and 6 ft, that automatically makes me Chad? Okay, then.
You see this is where I dont get itWHY would anyone in their right mind WANT to even ACT like a robot???I fully get the browsing and laughing ar our expense, thats clear - but why do you want to be perceived as a fucking robot?Literally Why?
Ye it does retardget on trenbolone and get some surgery if your busted as fuck you still have hope
It's not acting for me either, I really do feel like I belong here.I myself marvel at the mental gymnastics I must go through to convince myself that I do belong here, when by every single metric I don't, but somehow I do it.I don't think I'm above you. I just think I'm lucky and somehow stumbled into friends and grills and a social life and a job, while somehow deep down being a pathetic being just like you.I feel like one for some reason. I don't get it either. I usually don't think about it too much. I feel socially anxious, but I've trained myself to make small talk and make eye contact. I've been bullied and friendless as a kid, but that somehow stopped in highschool.I genuinely feel like a robot in disguise, even though I know that it's far more likely that I'm a normie, than that I've been in hiding among normies for fifteen years.
fuck you your just an edgelord who wants to be "different" "lone wolf" such a fuck boyyou'd be hopeless if you werent white you fuckup, know that foreverand even then you just scrape by
he blames physical factors for his unhappinesshow clueless and shallow can you be?you think looking like ''chad'' would change anything?
embarrassing post
Worst thing is I know you're right.Eh, back to blending with the masses.
I hope you get fucking pink eye
iktfbThese whites think they have it hard when it comes to looks. Goddamn they don't know shit.
I miss when the internet was just white people
tfw chad modeI didn't ask for this T_T
kek, agreed tbh
Have fun seeing us around more often :'
YES IT WOULD YOU RETARDED NORMIEFUCKING IDIOTYOU ARE A FUCKING IDIOTEND YOUR LIFE IMMEDIATELY FOR IMPLYING THAT IT WOULDNT YOU FUCKING MONGOLOID
tfw handsome white 6'0tfw still friendless virginHow do you fail easy mode? Wtf?
HURR DURUURURURURITS WHATS ON THE INSIDE THAT COUNTSHOLY SHIT LITERALLY UNIRONICALLY ACTUALLY ENDNDYOURLIFE
Fuck off back to Reddit.
You probably have a mental disorder or something.
BE BORN CHADOH I AM KIND OF GOOD LOOKING IN COMPARISON TO OTHERSPOSITIVE AFFIRMATION FROM OTHERSCONFIDENCE GROWSNEVER ENDING CYCLE OF POSITIVE------BE BORN SUBHUMANSEE YOUR OBJECTIVE UGLINESSNOONE HAS ANY SEXUAL INTEREST IN YOUEVERYONE WANTS TO STAY A STRANGERLOSE CONFIDENCE"confidence" is bullshitpersonality is irrelevantSTOP being fucking denseSTOP acting like a fucking ingenue
Yeah, that's true
, 
Why do NEETs on here always say how they don't like eating pussy and that it's a beta thing to do? It's one of the greatest and most alpha things ever
Who /hype/ here?tfw it's going to be AT LEAST a year before they release itKill me
reddit: the game
I played both 3 and NV and they were both boring. I don't see how they're so incredibly popular online when it's so dull.
Manlet vault man voiced by troy bakerNo roleplaying allowedBlack and white moralitySkyrim with guns
reddit the thread
It looks shit.Fuck off back to reddit
It's not for everyone but I enjoyed both games immensely. I hope they improve the gunplay.
ITT: People who hate video games
I won't hype myself unless it is like New Vegas. If it is more like Fallout 3 I will ignore it and pretend it does not exist like 3. It was already extremely stupid to have Enclave on the east coast when they were entirely wiped out in Fallout 2. As in the entire group not just a "chapter". That and ruining the brotherhood of steel was unforgivable. I mean wtf.
2008 era graphics"Mods will fix it!": The GameBethesda storytellingSkyrim with Guns 10/10 game of the year -IGNGo back to reddit
Enclave on the east coast when they were entirely wiped out in Fallout 2. As in the entire group not just a "chapter".You're not very smart are you? The Enclave were shattered but there's no reason they can't be anywhere else in the country since they were supposed to repopulate the land after a while right?That and ruining the brotherhood of steel was unforgivable. I mean wtf.They got soft and stopped caring about their mission and started wanting to help people instead. That can happen after traveling thousands of miles across the country and seeing lots of people suffer along the way. Then you have the Outcasts who wanted to stick with their original mission, it's called plot development knucklehead.Typical /v/ retard logic, trying to intentionally hate every game you can because you think disliking things make you cool.
Don't forget:Huge SJW "controversies" about a 5 second scene in the game, entirely fabricated by Jews to get money and views on Youtube: the game
Who /extremelysensible/ here?mfw today my hard drive broke, and i cried for 4 hours. I had on that hard drive only some movies and music, nothing really importantmfw i feel bad for everything bad that happens to everyonemfw everytime i'm sad, i remind myself that i'm useless, weak, stupid mamchild that will never go anywhere in life. Probably an hero soon
Thats not sensible, that's sensitive.
My bad, i can't write today
stop, you'll make him cry again
OP must be from Germany....It's a false friend here.Sensibel german = sensitive
Backups and redundancy would have been sensible. Crying about losing your data is not.
You mean false cognate?
No, he means false friend.
i can't take criticism. like at all. i start shaking and later cry because of it
Feel like human scum for putting brother to bed at 8PM without playing a couple of rounds of Super Smash Brothers with him like we usually do because he was an extreme brat towards everyone for the entire day and ignored all warningsHe's probably laying there and calling me names and I'm sorry for what I'm doing to him.
This. I don't cry for it but any negative response to me can easily ruin my whole day.
No, false friend. They are clearly etymologically related words so not false cognates
I hate it when I'm arguing with someone that I can't currently beat the shit out of, like I'm just waiting for them to hit me so I can fucking stomp them but it never happens and I end up crying later from frustration
you've got to stay strong, man. in 10 years he'll realize it was for the best
not talking to him about it like buddies while playing
tfw foe has a daft argument but you are either too poor sourced or inarticulate to break down his falasieswish you could beat him up so you still "win" and repair your broken ego weak low test stick arms and physical confrontation would lead to you running away like a little girllife is suffering
implying he gives a fuck if he gets it his wayI really share a lot of my free time with him, more than anyone ever spent with me, I know he's just a kid and doesn't realize this, but come on, I won't tolerate his shit with no end.I feel so lonely because of this.
I had a dose of oversensitivity today.walking under construction framewooden post falls on my head from a height out of nowhereworker asks if I'm alright over and overactually very sorethroat immediately tightens and eyes begin to waterI'm fine yeah I'm fine reallywalk awaysuck it up, bitchcan'ttears flow because I hurt my headIt's like when you're a kid, you hurt yourself and you're trying to be brave and not cry, an adult asks if you're OK and you just start bawling.
feel terrible from negative criticismfeel nothing from positive praiseMy self esteem is in the absolute shitter.
not having everything in the cloudGet with the times.
but you can also write it like this, or?
in spanish too, "sensible" means sensitive
when you hurt yourself, yell and swear.
Most of people with low self-esteem are like this, bro.I actually feel violated a bit by praise.Knock it off, we know it's not true, why do you force my to pretend to be thankful.
Physical pain never does that to me but emotional pain does, my dog died and I buried him the next morning and didn't she'd a single tear until someone asked if I was okThose words carry some weight
I cry about everyday from the littlest things. I don't know if it's an actual problem or I just have shitty self esteem
Is it possible to get a fake girlfriend somehow, /r9k/? Just someone who would be female and go with you when you're doing your hobbies, and go out with you to eat and to the movies and stuff like that. No sex or anything required. I've been thinking of trying to get someone like that somehow, because of how a lone guy is viewed by society wherever he goes, and if you're holding hands with a girl you pretty much have a free pass at anything. For example you practice martial arts in a park, if you're with a girl, no one bothers you, if you're not, you get the cops called on you. That sort of thing. Is it possible to just hire someone? I'm too ugly to get a real relationship so I know I'll never have a real one, but I'm tired of everyone treating me like a fucking turd, and a dangerous turd at that. Should I just kill myself instead? :
Is it possible to just hire someone?Literally every "escort" will happily spend time with you not having sex for money.For example you practice martial arts in a park, if you're with a girl, no one bothers you, if you're not, you get the cops called on you.This doesn't happen unless you're attacking children.
Let me guess, you're not ugly.
Nobody is going to call the cops on you just for being in public no matter how ugly you are unless you're either attacking people or paying attention to other people in such a way as to make it look like you might attack other people.If you're doing your own thing, nobody will call the cops on you. And if someone does, so what? The cops aren't going to be mean to you if you don't get in their face.
If you're doing your own thing, nobody will call the cops on you.Wish I was that privileged.The cops aren't going to be mean to you if you don't get in their face.Which country? In the US you have a pretty high chance to get shot.And it's not just cops, that was just an example. Go to a restaurant? Get shitty service if you're alone, get spit in your food if you're alone and ugly, get decent service if you're with a girl.And there are so many things that are socially unacceptable to do alone in public I don't even know where to start. Here's just an example of how people treat you with gf:how they treat you alone:
Which country? In the US you have a pretty high chance to get shot.You have an extremely low chance of getting shot.or paying attention to other people in such a way as to make it look like you might attack other people.
What does that even mean?
Are cucks brainwashing today's youth?
I fucking hate cucks
i hate niggers too but you faggots don't realize that cuckolding is very underground at the moment and by spreading this shit you're going to make it mainstream
that picsomeone REALLY watched too much cuck porn to come up with that the level of insecurity, /pol/ and tinfoil glowing from that
are dubs brainwashing today's youth?
top intellectual debate skills right there my friend!I especially love how dismantled and refuted all the points stated in the OP imageoh wait
it's genuinely embarrassing to have these people associate with the right wingkikes forcing multiculti throughout the westniggers rioting constantlyrape gangs in europewhite genocide in SAthe tinfoil faggots focus on weird cuckolding shit

The creator of this show LITERALLY made a cuckold fetish film. There are way too many "coincidences" to be considered by chance.Cuckolding is not underground. Maybe the name for it is, but Jungle Fever has been around for a while and it's getting more intense
i agree the cucks should be killed but surely you can make infographics about it without making it look like it was made by an expert cuck?
literally using the infamous "no more white babies" pic as a background prop
LITTLE WHITE DICKS
Is that real?
lmfao this is so blatant it's disgusting
holy shityou faggots do realize people are going to see this and think we're 10x more tinfoil than they already do, right? this is fucking embarrassing
how is this tinfoil, ITS RIGHT FUCKING THERE. It takes zero digging to find out that the creator also creator a cuckold fetish film, and then from there you just start to notice things. It makes it easier that almost EVERYTHING in the show is cuck symbolism
This is literally part of kikes forcing multiculti throughout the west though. Maybe even white genocide if you consider popularization of miscegenation through propaganda with this interracial fetish being pushed on kids.time to "prep the bull", whiteboiIt's subliminal messages throughout the show.
okay never mind i didn't see the picture in the background
Where's the link to this comment?
lmao the way they force the word "prep" into their speech, kids don't fucking talk that way
how's louis ck related to the cuck meme? legitimately don't know inb5 lurk moar fgt
Fucking go back to /pol/ you fucking flaming faggots, holy shit.
found the cuck/jew
You didn't find shit. Keep /pol/ in /pol/.
This is more /tv/ than anything. Literally /Pedowood/
didn't find shitok bud just ignore all of this shit, it's probably a coincidence, huh? A self proclaimed cuckold and one who actually directed another cuckold film before this has no ulterior motive when making a childrens' show, huh?
True. The actual /pol/ is actually mostly not retarded, but the faggots forcing /pol/ memes on all the other boards straight-faced are bumbling idiots who don't even realize their status as such.
*jewsand yes jews are turning people to cucks

No
famous comedian publicly insulting a child actorObviously fake.
Here is the full unedited pic.Big black man standing behind a petite white girl with a white baby literally crossed out in the background. Can't get more blatant than this.
Just saying it, but if Putin has about 400 people paid to troll on the Internet and spread pro-ruskie propaganda, then why couldn't zionists, liberals and SJW's have people in the media?
Check the reviews on IMDB.

No not at all. The cucks are voluntarily brainwashing themselves.
They aren't even trying to hide it anymore.
Fuck off, you faggot.I was just hoping it was real. I did see the stand-up of him talking about black men fucking whites in the ass in the future.
He's a cuck-king because reddit.also this place is better off without robot, just came back here for the first time in like 2 years lmao
niggers are so worthless. goddamn.
I guess its true: /pol/ is ALWAYS right
ITT
ITT: cucks
quads of the gods
Nope but /pol/ needs a new meme to force
You guys are no better than the conspiracy theorists who think that Jay Z doing this is evidence of some worldwide conspiracy.
Jesus christ this cuckold meme fucking exploded didnt it. The last thing i remember being spammed so much so quickly was probably lel/topkek
ya know, the same reaction was presented when people were claiming that the government was spying on the american people. And look how that turned out. Tin foil hats are nothing to be ashamed about, not anymore
are the kind of psychotic mentally ill wrecks who take time out of their day to make pictures like those OP posted
There is a bit of a difference between the NSA's violation of peoples' privacy and some kids show being part of the international Jewish conspiracy to force cuckolding on people.Tin foil hats are nothing to be ashamed about, not anymorekek, you do realise that the tin foil hat thing came from conspiracy theorists wearing tin foil hats to stop aliens from stealing their thoughts?
Mirin that crucifix bookcase
it's a /tv/ meme cuckold
everyone in this thread remaining this INTENTIONALLY FUCKING BLIND about an issue happening RIGHT NOWdisgustingwhen the jews control it all you'll think back on this/pol/ was right again
How can people act like this is some outlandish conspiracy theory? The creator of the fucking show made and actual cuck fetish movie. It would be like if Dan Schneider made a live-action Unteralterbach movie or something. The only crazy thing here is how naive and in denial some of you are.
Modern western society pushes men to be spineless pussies who will sacrifice with no boundaries for women. The popularity of the meme is a reflection of the ubiquity of what it represents.
This is fucking putrid, the only time I even watch TV now is at a friend's house. Glad to know TV is just getting exponentially worse that they hire a porn director to make a kid's show.
It would be like if Dan Schneider made a live-action Unteralterbach moviethat sounds pretty cool actuallywould watch
Refutation is only necessary if there is some sort of potentially valid argument being put forward.For example, if someone says "The moon is made of cheese, I know this because it looks like a wheel of cheese I once bought" - I don't need to refute that with counterarguments because what they are saying is absurd.The same is the case here. The stretches that are being made to find ANY similarities between the kids tv show and cuckolding are so huge that there is no need to refute the argument. Any normal person would read this and either think "Ha, this is clearly made as a joke" or something along the lines of "Ok, what an insecure tinfoil hat moron the person who made this must be"Lets take this point one step further. Person "A" makes a porn film about cuckolding, Does this mean that any time this person makes reference to a term that is potentially related to cuckolding in ANY context, they MUST be referencing cuckolding? If this person uses the word "Bull" at all, are they ALWAYS referencing cuckolding? What if they say the word "watch" or "watching?" Cuckolds watch men have sex with their wives so the word "watching" must be linked to cuckolding!This "info" pic is so completely stupid, there is no need to give any argument against it, because any reasonable person can feel safe in the knowledge that it is a completely fabricated and exaggerated load of "bull"
Back in the day when people found adult references in stuff like Animaniacs, Powerpuff Girls and other kids shows most people thought of them as hilarious. How come nowadays it's a problem?
white people being cuckolded into oblivionOh, this is just too delicious.You know that feeling of despair you have in the pit of the stomach when you know you're a dying race? When you know everything you loved and worked so hard for is being stolen from you? Welcome to being a native american.Cuckoldry is the new small pox blanket, but this time the shoe is on the other foot. You made your bed whiteys now lie in it.The White Buffalo rises.
cuck shills ittOnly a fucking shill can try to rationalize this. It's so goddamn blatant.
creator has made a movie about cuckoldry"the stretches are so huge"Do you enjoy baiting others?
I swear that my final act will be destroying this fucking planet and every vile human on it.You just wait. New Year's Day, year 2100. You're getting fucked.
are you serious?
People believe this shitPro tip: The person who made that infograph is a cuckold fetishist. These people are trying to spread this fetish throughout 4chan in order to make it more mainstream, thus making it easier to find someone willing to cuckold them.As a black male, this pisses me off. To a cuckold, a black man is nothing more than an object... A walking dildo. It's absolutely vile and I don't know how they can sleep at night.
jay z is not evidence, jay z is one of the artists used to spread the message of the elite's victory.
Who care you faggot
Yeah and they take Jay Z or some other pop star doing some illuminati sign as proof that their conspiracies are real.
Well you can see the shit's already going down, why not proclaim their victory to those who recognize their symbols trough their own tools, like hollywood, the media and every large event?I'll just give you an hint of the happening: Trans Pacific Partnership.This is one big step.
You know cuck, it doesn't protect your fetish by accusing other people of being you in an attempt to shame them.
Cuckoldry is definitely increasing and is essentially mainstream today. Listen to groups of women and nearly all of them are talking about cheating on their husbands/bfs. It used to be that guys would break up with a cheater, but now guys are brainwashed to accept being a cuck. If a woman cucks a guy then it's all "you go gurl!"The media tell us that cuckoldry is a "fetish for smart people" and that jealousy is a "social construct" and we must let our partners open their vaginas to BBC, otherwise we are "misogynistic".Cucks now have a lot of power and influence. They are journalists, teachers, TV producers etc. They are literally grooming young girls to take multiple BBCs at a time and turn hostile towards men.
gee, I wonder who could be behind these posts
Nick is fucking disgusting.
I wish there were more black-female/white-male couples in the media instead of the obligatory white-girl/black-guy stuff
I was curious about this, so I watched a good portion of this show.First of all, it's awful -- I had no idea children's programming was this bad. Second, I think there are some nods to the fetish that probably come from this writer, including the name of the show itself Bull, and the names of some of the characters Bell, Troy Dixon, Newt. But the content of the show itself has nothing to do with the fetish at all, really. It's just a really, really bad show.
Stop blaming others.
Stop blaming me.
No shit.
this is gonna be a good thread. i can tell
Stop blaming 
yea its true im always chat banned in league of legends
I blame others for making me an autistic sociopath and toxic person
toxicwhat the fuck does this even mean
Brittany Spears told me that girls love toxic boysDo you mean to tell me that she's a liarAre all women liarsI knew itFuck you
It's a female buzzword they use to mean anyone who isn't Chad.
3: extremely harsh, malicious, or harmful toxic sarcasm4: relating to or being an asset that has lost so much value that it cannot be sold on the market
Turbo jerk.
4: relating to or being an asset that has lost so much value that it cannot be sold on the marketUh oh, you may have said a bit too much
Nice buzzwords
Hitler had a girlfriend though.Having a gf doesn't have anything to do with the quality of a person.
Women older than 25 confirmed for literally toxic.
Herr Hitler had a wife, anon.
Are you implying something about Hitler
No you retard, it's because I'm ugly.
Hitler had a girlfriend though.He wasn't a complete sociopath though. Just a political extremist and racist. Having a gf doesn't have anything to do with the quality of a person.Nice way to turn things around. Yes, people with girlfriends can often times be jerks. But /rk9/ and other boards blame women, feminism, Chads, or anyone but themselves for their lack of girlfriend when the answer is that it's entirely them.
I don't need a girlfriend, I have hands.
except murderers and sociopaths actually get women.that War Machine faggot beat his GF to near death, I guess that would be a better choice over someone who plays video games too much, eh?but women gonna women.women are driven by drama
it's because I'm ugly.Yep, you're ugly in every single way.
except murderers and sociopaths actually get women.Some sociopaths are charismatic, or manly or whatever. They at least have some qualities that someone might want.Typical robots have nothing a woman would want.
op thinks he has a beautiful personality as he spends his time trying to make people feel bad on the internet
I never blamed anyone. OP is basically coming on here and bullying random people over a strawman narrative, also generalizing the whole board.why do people do this and try to drive a real point?
I'm not OP though.
He wasn't a complete sociopath though. Just a political extremist and racist.They married in their last days, doesn't really count methinks.He wasn't a complete sociopath though. Just a political extremist and racist.Do you even know what a sociopath is?Are you seriously implying that robots are worse sociopaths than nazis?Yes, people with girlfriends can often times be jerks. That's an understatement.A lot of people who are murderers or serious criminals have some form of relationship with girls, be it romantic or sexual. when the answer is that it's entirely them.And on what proof do you bring to make this statement?
Women care about your inner self too Anon. : Just be a nice guy and forgive her when she cheats and you will be lucky enough to get a roastie xD. Atleast you will lose your virginity, cause that is the ultimate mission of all men in life :---dDDDdddDDD
But /rk9/ and other boards blame women, feminism, Chads, or anyone but themselves for their lack of girlfriend when the answer is that it's entirely them.Not once have I heard a robot hold no accountability, they will outright tell others they aren't attractive enough, they don't have enough money, etc.Stating that if they were a Chad would get them a girlfriend isn't passing blame, it's talking some truth, the same as talking ill of women today and feminism.With that said there are many here who speak of these matters and still have girlfriends, or have gotten laid in the past.
Don't be a wuss now, it's simple trolling.That said, when someone states that to have a gf you have to be a good human being, they're implying they're good human beings by transitive property. It's a self-pat on the back without having to do anything to earn it.
Basically very negetive person who shits on others, infects others with their negetivity and will rub their hands with glee when people who try to get out of a similar hole fail.
The problem isn't that we are autistic, toxic sociopathsIt's that we are UGLY autistic, toxic sociopathsHot autistic, toxic sociopaths get fucked ALL THE TIME
as long as you realize you're a hypocritical dick
So women, basically.

Whatever you say, bud.
If I was an autistic person, I should get a government provided girlfriend because I'm disabled otherwise the government is being ablest when it comes to my sexual release and romantic fulfillment.It's just easier to assume I'm human trash as opposed to some kind of disabled freak.
to sjws what vapid is to robots
toxicstuck in kv5 hell because too toxic 4 stacy, fuckin noobs holding me back I deserve a gf because im classy unlike Chad gg no re
nah you are mentally disabled. filtered
Ablest.
It means you are miserable to be around because of your negativity and bad attitude
BUT I AM A NICE GUY ! LOOK AT ME!
I believe some progressive countries either have government funded or private charity funded brothel visits. Pretty dope.
Its tumblr buzzword to describe anyone they don't like.
When girls call a guy "toxic" they're actually saying his face is too ugly and that they don't want to fuck him.See also: "creepy", " nice guy" etc
But I better myself. I am no longer sociopathic and toxic. Just sociopathic in a very effective way. People actually love hanging around with me because I know exactly how to play their strings
When girls call a guy "toxic" they're actually saying his face is too ugly and that they don't want to fuck him.such insight!
You've just beenmanipulated
Sociopaths are highly attractive to women though, and from what I have seen of others, being a toxic person has no effect on the ability to have a relationship. I'm not really sure how autism is the fault of the individual with autism, either; as far as I am aware, the autistic can't just turn it off.
toxici love this meme
toxicreturn to tumblr
implying you can't overcome itThey're just lazy.
Hitler was fucking smooth. look at this guy. He was essentially the highest functioning robot in history. He got fucked over by life and needed someone to blame.
Remember that Ted Bundy was a Chad.
Atleast you will lose your virginity, cause that is the ultimate mission of all men in lifeBut the biological mission of men is to knock up a bitch and have a kid. So even if it doesnt result in a baby having sex is a sign of sexual maturity. Which is why losing your virginity has been seen as a step into manhood and a part of human culture since it began.
Prove it then. Show me 1 guy with a nice face whos involutarily single. I'll wait.The fact is, insults like "you're personality sucks" "creepy", "nice guy" etc are just excuses usted by girls to reject guys for being ugly without coming across as superficial or shallow.
i bet you use "vapid" and "cunt" everyday you fucking mook
i dont have a gf i but had casual sex.casual is horrible tho.
lol he was a beta manletno wonder he wanted to make those huge ass tanks and shit, he probably had micropenis too
Hitler was fucking smooth. look at this guyHitler was a complete beta orbiter during his youth, as reported by one of his friends.He simply wasn't incompetent in other fields, which then brought the women to him.
this so muchrude girls have told me i am ugly and the more polite girls always use stuff like "you are just not my type" or some shit like that attacking my personality, while they fuck handsome guys with the brain capacity of a plant, its all about looks nowdays
that guy doesnt look that bad in the long run. Once his braces come off, his acne clears and he gets better looking glasses or contacts he'll look better than half the people here. Just because you didnt win the genetic lottery doesnt mean you automatically lost at life.
lol he was a beta manletPretty close to achieving world dominationis a betapick one.
First define what you mean by "involuntarily". I'm not going to drop an example and then have you move the goal posts.
What the fuck are you on about? It isn't at all. It is entirely about wage and status. Far harder to obtain, looks and clothing is only second. This is why Women have it so easy, anyone can get a new wardrobe.
not chad
involuntary1. not voluntary; independent of one's will; not by one's own choice:an involuntary listener; involuntary servitude.2.unintentional; unconscious:an involuntary gesture.3.Physiology. acting independently of or done or occurring without volition:involuntary musclesCourtesy of dictionary.com
 Just because you didnt win the genetic lottery doesnt mean you automatically lost at lifenot being attractive = you lose at life
What the fuck is that kid doing?
pretty close to achieving world dominationayy fcking lmao, he literally attacked small european countries with armies that used horses against tanks like Poland did, then when he met his first proper enemy lost miserably the air battles in preparation for the invasion of the UK, the sea lion operationthen the moron decided he can just grab Russia's resources which resulted in a peasant zerg rush, killing of the best men of Germany and impregnating 2 million women with asiatic steppe monkey genesnot even gonna mention the fact that the USA could have atom bombed him as they were producing an atom bomb in a weekgo be a stormweenie tard somewhere else
be average looking guysmart and generally a good personhave no issues with womenmfw all these "insights" into female psychology
then the moron decided he can just grab Russia's resourcesHe was doing well before he just balls out attacked Russia.
I know what it means. I want to know what you mean by it when you use it. What is the extent of the person's ability? What I mean mostly, is whether you are counting potential like having them lift or get a good job first.
fuck OFF normie
This isn't applicable to Men. You literally just need money, which arguably is worse.
Not him, but it really isn't. I have gotten women purely through looks. I have no status as I never go out, I never even had a job. My current girlfriend comes from a wealthy family, and adores me.It really is purely about looks today, your version is outdated and pertains more to being in your early 30's to 40's when women want the betabux.
No he wasn't, the brits rekt his shit so hard, they couldn't even invade them which left a very powerful opponent in his back and ultimately they dragged the US in the war too.Hitler invaded Russia because he didn't have the resources to produce enough planes and fleet to even be able to launch an operation on the UK.That's pretty fucking miserable.
You do something that commands respect in the eyes of women, which is most likely bottom of the barrel. A drug dealer, DJ or play a guitar. otherwise you are most likely banging 1 out of 10's and raising another mans children like a cuck.You are projecting Male sexuality onto a Women. This is the fucking problem and where everyone is going wrong. We do not think alike, your worth is in what you can provide them.
The only thing I do is act confident around them, and pretty much dominate them. I don't go anywhere lower than 7/10.
That's Scott Conner OR "Malefic". Makes some rad black metal in Xasthur or at least he used to
You don't really understand how female sexuality works, probably because they have never been sexual to you.All women are literal whores but only for a very small circle of males that are passed around like a lit joint.The huge mass of males doesn't see that though.All you need to be a part of that is to be a hot guy, nothing more.Women only care about status and money when they want to get off the cock carousel and settle down with some docile beta faggot that they won't even have sex with, they will still try to chase younger, hotter guys, now as milfs.
Better start killing other woman to prove my masculinity then huh
God fucking dammit, you are projecting again. Stop. This very small group of Males are the highest quality Males in their direct reach. This means they encapsulate everything attractive to them, looks are SECONDARY to status and money and what you can PROVIDE THEM. Whether that be another notch on the social ladder, access to higher status males or simply a home to live in. You are providing a service, once you stop delivering your haircut and Fred Perry shirt is as good as nothing.
But I could refute this with several anecdotal cases from my own experiences. I'm not attractive but not ugly. I have a house and a good job. My friend is tall and good looking and delivers pizzas for a living. He makes shit money compared to me and lives with his dad but because he's tall and handsome he's practically drowning in pussy. I found out that a girl I was trying to get with had gotten him drunk and basically raped him because he wasn't that into her mostly because he knew that I was and that was just unacceptable to her.So, please, explain to me how MONEY is better than LOOKS.
 implying women aren't individuals and work all the same
implying chads aren't way more sociopath and toxic than any robotThey even have a name for their personality types They're the real psychos.
Women aren't individuals. They diverge much less from the average in every way than males do because evolutionarily men had to take risks and accomplish things to reproduce and women had to sit around and wait to be impregnated.
it's the 'addressing an entire board as if it is one person you know intimately' memenice
Yellowish semen.
sociopath nah i still have empathy
generalizingposting with:weusyouI don't have a gf because I never bothered asking.
Holy shit, I know a guy just like this and he is drowning in pussy.
I think you are frustrated, trying to rationalize your hate against women.Your explanation doesn't even make sense.
implying I didn't already realize that
I convinced myself that the reason I don't have a gf is because I'm fatI was 280 at 5'8 fucking disgustingI'm at a less disgusting 230 nowAm I spergy or toxic if I use cynicism for my jokes?Or both?
If you don't look like pic related you will never have a gf
Not at all. Thats a very shallow and vapid definition of life you have there, anon. Life is so much easier, less stressful, and fun when you throw away everything society tried to teach you and only do things you Yearn to Do.
Hitler's 3 major mistakes were 1 not finishing off the brits on the beach2not keeping the Nips on a leash3attacking russia when the US just came in to play.
I dont think you realize how shallow peoplewomen and men can be. If Im a girl and am just looking for a dick for the night, im not gonna be wondering how much money or status they have. Its like asking your fleshlight if its ovulating today.
mfw normalfags and tumblredditors use the word "autistic" the same way /pol/acks use the word "nigger"mfw tumblredditors and normies would never dare to call someone "autistic" irl, for fear of getting lectured by a "HEY WHATS WRONG WITH AUTISTIC PEOPLE MY LITTLE BROTHER IS AUTISTIC" person within earshot
This. Every scientific study shows that actual sociopathy is attractive to women.problem with robots is not that they are "sociopaths". Even if internally we act like this, in our outward appearance and behavior, we are meek, submissive and introverted and this marks us as lesser men for females. Our beliefs are not the problem because if we actually acted upon our beliefs we would be way more successful.
well i'm okay with thatI don't see how i could blame others when there's no one else in my life anyway.
I know this thread isn't about this but this entire post reeks of how much easier women have it. Women who get horny they go find Chad for casual sex; men who get horny thank God they have a fleshlight.
I actually like this sort of athletic aesthetics as opposed to bodybuilder aesthetics. It wasn't too long ago that muscular people as far up as 18% body fat were on the beach with there shirts off, and they got plenty of attention from women. But show a pick of that to the insecure folks on any bodybuilding forum, and you will get the whole hurr dyel?Bodybuilder muscle is too dry and too lean to look natural, in fact most professional bodybuilders are not natural and are on steroids.
What makes me a sociopath?
implying it would be difficult for a sociopath to acquire a girlfriendHEh. Girls love them.
I'd have a girlfriend if I was really a sociopath.
link to test?
when i fill out tests like that i always get high narcissistic percentagesIts the weirdest feeling to love yourself but completely understand that to others/society you failed.
this might be it i just reverse searched the image 
Thanks
I guarantee that ain't the case. They outright admit that they're too average, ugly, poor, etc. The problem comes when these guys can't even get a woman of their equivalent, because she's too busy being a higher-tier guys part time convenience fuck. And yeah, that's on feminism and women.
mental gymnastics: the post
Mah nigga
even if i got a gf i'd get cucked eventuallywhat's the point
what does it mean

An ugly woman still has a pussy and a womb. This gives women a higher "base value" than men, I guess you could say. In the unrestricted terms of nature, eggs are expensive and perishable, sperm is cheap. Reproductively, women are worth more. We all know this on some level deep down, and I believe it serves as the unwitting basis for every bias against men, from the law to society.
being introverted to the point that you'd rather be alone makes you a toxic personIf you say so. The normie's always right.
Others made me this way.
fucking SJWs infesting this board, I swear. Get the fuck out.
oi shit smeared mongoloids, go look at any game on steam. How many hours have you spent on that game? Compare that to the amount of hours spent on interacting with anyone. Consider how different your lives would be if you invested that 500 hours on another person.
WTF do i do im  Every test calls me a narcissist. Is there a drug i can take to stop loving myself
Another person doesn't have frame perfect combo strings that require intense time to input correctly nor do they reward you with a feeling of accomplishment for your investment.
Who /STD/ here?tfw HPV
CHAD BTFO
There's over 100 strands of hpv, if you've ever had any type of wart, then you have hpv
, 
, 
Who /misogynist/ here?
not a misogynist, just a realist
tfw no gf
misandrist hereHow does it make you guys feel that casual misandry is not only accepted but encouraged in western society while even minor misogyny is seen as nazi-tier?
who /ugly/ here?i sometimes cry myself to sleep thinking about how life would be if i had proper facial aesthetics. also a 23 year old virgin :-
brandon?
I often wonder if my ugliness is worse or my anxiety attacks, I think ugliness is worse because I suspect they partially helped develop my anxiety attacks
Appearance doesn't matter when you accept Jesus Christ as your lord & savior.
How do you accept Christ into your heart when you see so much evil in the world?
Just start watching anime and you will easly forgot about your ugliness
MEN ARE SUPPOSED TO BE UGLYMOST MEN DON'T GET WOMEN BY BEING A PRETTY BOYUGLY WOMEN ARE THE ONES WHO ARE SCREWED HERE
2.5/101-1.5/10 without clotheskissless handholdless touchless virgin27 years oldIt doesn't bother me much at all really. I decided I'd die alone when I was in my early teens.
UGLY WOMEN ARE THE ONES WHO ARE SCREWED HEREYou sure about that?
men can only play with their looks to an extentwoman can do crazy things with the hair,pushups,operations etc.men usually just change clothes
3/10 ugly 26 kv reporting in. Already got a helium tank. My only regret is i won't see the world burn
You have to try to focus on the good of the world & appreciate it.
Don't fool yourself. You'd fuck it up anyway...I have a worse feeltfw every gf I get leaves me because apparently erectile dysfunctiontfw gf sleeping naked right next to me and there's nothing I can do even though I'm so fucking horny
350+ 2/10 women can literally get average guys to fuck them and marry them while continually growing larger and larger and being nothing but a complete cunt to everybody.
get with a supposed asexual girl and you'll have it made. at least you can be in society and not have to worry about females looking at you with utter disgust, treating you like you're less than nothing.
tfw finally have some money to buy clothes but there's no point in dressing up because your face is still hideous
cheer up atleast ur not ugly
supposed asexual girlProtip: there aren't any
tfw the ''ugly'' 25+ virgins won't post picturesplease, it would be interesting to see
, 
i whish i was this boy
holy fuck thats hot
why did that guy kick his ass when he was running?what is the context
why are kids so fucking cruel?
russians
Imagine the uproar if the genders were switched
And of course the sluts had a bigger chad there protecting them in case he did anything.
You both fucking disgust me. This isn't the fucking "femdom" board.
why did that guy kick his ass when he was running?animal chad instinct
haha yea hunny I had 2 poopoo
Unless that small kid did something really fucked up, i hate seeing this shit.There was a girl bullying me for a while, she had other males protecting her and she kicked me once, i really wanted to waste her but at the same time i knew a guy shouldn't hit a woman, i hated how my father treated my mother and i thought that was wrong.What disgust me the most is that there is a grown up guy with them.Tbh if i ever saw that passing by them i would literally beat the living shit out of them.They are hitting hard that obviously much younger kid.I wish i could break their bones and deform their faces so they won't laugh ever again thinking back to this day.
that's some edgy shit
thats the most female attention he will ever get from that many girls simultaneously ever again.sadly, it's him being brutally bullied.
How is simple justice edgy?You like to see little kids beaten by disgusting whores?Kill yourself my man.
i knew a guy shouldn't hit a woman
mirror? Vid doesn't work for me
I was like 13 year old then, i didn't know anything about the world but movies, books and what my retarded parents showed me.Nowdays if a female hit me i would literally hit her in a way i would deform her facial structure so i could reduce her sexual value as much as possible, she would be worthless after that.
there is uproar you queer. Not everything is the matriarchy
ROCK HARDOCKHARD
whats the source on this?Only reference aside from r9k i can find is a Scandinavian int thread archived.
reminds me of that vid of the 2 girls pulling down the boys pants and he started crying because everyone could see his dick.
I wish i was one of these girls
Link please
whybonerI probably would have pulled out my dick and started choking my chicken right then and there
Is this you op?
Choking is better, you need to grab a woman by the throat and choke her a little bit, no need to hit, the choking will make her instantly submissive.
justiceyou mean revenge at least be honest
Use lye or acid for maximum effect.
13-year-old student at Wilson Middle School has been arrested after pulling a prank on a fellow student. Rebecca Yanez says on Friday morning her 14-year-old daughter was with other students waiting outside the school for class to start when the boy walked up behind her and pulled down her shorts. “Her underwear also came off in the process and everything was exposed,” said Yanez. Since the girl’s monkey was exposed to a large group of students, the boy was suspended and arrested on charges of misdemeanor battery and interfering with the educational process.monkey
"interfering with the education process" is a crime? fucking america
this is why the "don't hit women" shit needs to end. it essentially gives them a free pass to assault us , and our only socially acceptable option is to sit there and take it. I know that if I were in this guy's position, I'd be stomach punching and cunt punting all the sluts attacking me, even though it could mean a beatdown from their Chad
You wouldn't do shit.
motherfucking christ that's sexy
I want to blast them all in the face with a can of mace.Imagine throwing a tear gas bomb right in the center of that group, the boy would get hit too but I wouldn't care tbh.
I'd rather just grab a bat or pole or something and start smashing some skulls
the only reason he's not defending himself is because there's 3 or 4 chads behind the girls that would maul him if he tried anything
Does anyone have a gif version. I can't figure out how to get webms to work on mobile.
I think what is most important is not legitimizing violence towards women when they deserve it but working on ending the normalization or even celebration of violence towards men.
People wonder why men turn gay or become tranniesIts traumatic shit like this that happens during childhood that can fuck them up for life
tfw you will never be a young Dimitri who is assaulted by a gaggle of blyats outside of his apartment building
I would've been rock hard if they were bullying me
revengeSame side of a single sided coin anon
S O U N D ?OUND?
I was hoping they would shove him down to the ground and stick their bare feet in his face. Regardless, that boy is going to have one hell of a fetish when he gets older.
why does this make my dick hard, it won't stop
tfw you're too old now to be beaten and bullied by cute lolis and forced to swallow their spit
not that guy, but I could vaguely remember a girl getting so mad at me once can't remember why that she tried kicking memfw I just grabbed her leg and wouldn't let go
MonkeyWhy not just say vagina, or have we entered another realm of stupidity where it's considered wrong to name a certain part of the body if it's in relation to someone underage
I was hoping they would shove him down to the ground and stick their bare feet in his face.Not giving him the chance to avoid a beating by licking the dirt off their feet.Why won't porn ever be real?
monkeymfwWHY
I'm not advocating abuse, I just think that self defense is not something people should be shamed for, regardless of their gender or the gender of the aggressor. also, violence will always be celebrated, because humans are naturally warlike creatures. societies that attempt to suppress such tendencies get destroyed by those that don't
Story behind this?
im wondering too
This kind of thing is what makes a robot, in 20 years he will still have nightmares about this incident.
Hey /r9k/. Lately I've been feeling like I need a spiritual experience. I tried going to church but that was bullshit. I tried meditation, and it sort of worked, I mean, it helped me calm down and all that, but it still wasn't really what I was looking for. Now I've decided to try psychedelics. I'm 26, and I couldn't find any connections I only asked my close friends, which I only have a few of, so I decided to order 4-aco-dmt off the internet. I wanted to try 1p-LSD, but couldn't find a vendor. Anyway, I guess my question is, has anyone tried DMT? I know 4-aco-dmt is a bit different, but they should be pretty similar. Has anyone ordered off the deepnet? I'm not against it, but I'm a little intimidated by it. Also, just tell me about your general experiences with psychedelics or spiritual journeys.
I have done it many times. If you order from S I L K R O A D you should be absolutely fine.
I thought that it didn't exist anymore?
It changes addresses sometimes. I'm not going to give you the new link here, since I don't want to get b&.
When your friend says"I love Anon" to her friendsAnd you say I love you too.But you really mean it.
Crippfu thread.Post crippfu material pls.
She has a boyfriend already.
DONT TALK SHIT! WHERE THE FUCK IS THIS FAAGGOT! LETS DOXX HIM!
I wouldn't date a cripple but if I got a gf and she became a cripple then I probably wouldn't leave her. I like caring for people, I want to be a father.
If girls have it so easy, why don't you become one?
Being a tranny is worse than being a male
Because I am not a faggot and enjoy looking manly.
Being a non-passing tranny you mean.
Being a tranny must fucking suck. Nobody except some bisexuals and gays in denial will fuck/date you, you look disgusting, and most people hate you
non-passing trannyAKA 99% of trannies
Won't be anywhere near that amount soon in like 6 years. More and more trannies starting hormones around age 12/13 now.
I'm too hairy, ugly and tall to become an acceptable woman.
, 
Why do you even come here? it's so obvious there is more and more of you from the type of posts that pop up. It makes no sense though, that would be like me going into the depths of tumblr on a daily basis.Do you just come here on your own accord, or is this some sort of group effort?
I saw a thread here a couple days ago about joining the military. I've been in the military for a year and some change now, and I really wanted to offer my two cents but I was banned.Before joining the Air Force I was homeless. I don't want to write a whole book here but long story short: my life has been shit. Bad circumstances as well as bad decisions, depression, anxiety, loneliness, virginity. Still dealing with all of this shit. But I feel like there is hope.I live in Italy right now and I feel great about it. Three years ago today I was walking up and down 95th Street waiting for the Dunkin Donuts on 103rd to close so I could go through the dumpster and have food for the next day. Then I would slink off into an alley behind Office Max and sleep on the bag with my belongings, careful not to crush the donuts. The summer heat the next day would merge all the donuts into one mass, and the frosting would be a goopy mess at the bottom of the bag. It would last me a day.Girls like guys in the military. It's a nice conversation piece with civilians. Usually they either have stories for you of people they know that joined, their own record of service, or are just generally interested in you because of the connotation. You're doing something. You're disciplined. You have money. How much of this is true is up to you, but it's definitely something. I recommend anyone that is able to do so to DO IT. 4 or 6 years will pretty much set you up for the rest of your life if you do it right.
I went on road trip to LA and returned 2 days before boot camp. I was poor and didn't have a cell and no computer -- didn't even think about it. My recruiter thought I went AWOL and my mom thought I ran away and filed a missing person's report. Needless to say my contract had been pulled by the time I contacted my recruiter.That was at 18-19. I'm 22 now, have 25 or so college credits 70/30 A's and B's Took this semester off cause I stopped trying and I don't wanna ruin it. I'm a neet right now though which exacerbating my problems. I'm considering trying to join now, or just getting srs about school again and maybe join as an officer later depending on what opportunities ariseAny advice?
waking up at 4am every day sounds fun and all but if i was capable of joining the military i would be capable of doing normal work
Enlist and use Tuition Assistance to finish your school. It's 5k a year towards classes, plus free CLEPs. And if you still need more school after your contract, there's the 40k GI Bill that cover you. This is the best option for school and work, IMO, because most people I know that do these two things end up with 60-80k of debt. Fuck that.All I do is save money. I'm getting a car soon, that'll be my biggest expense in a while. Then it's back to saving and some travel. I want to have 40k or so saved by the time I finish the 5 remaining years. I can do it. So can you.
Stop /selfdefeating/. I have bad anxiety. I don't even leave my room other than work.There is therapy offered for free by professional doctors if you need it.
What about the whole getting shot thing? Although I'd imagine it might be a bit lower on the list of robotic concerns.
Hope Aviano is fun!
I always laugh when people think every job in the military is akin to being Marine infantry.
this. the army is a welfare program. if I wanted to spend my days getting hazed, bullied and ostracized by dumbfuck normies and minorites who are too stupid to get a real job then I'd just apply at McDonalds.OP's sob story completely validates the fact that the military is a welfare program.
You may have problems joining the same branch you went for in the past, but you could probably get into a different branch no problem. Worst case scenario, a national guard unit would take you for sure and you could use that for tuition/vocational training.
Even if you go 11B, the likelihood that you even see combat is very slim and by see combat, I mean have someone take potshots at you from a distance where you can't even see them, much less get hit by anything.
I'm not denying it's a welfare program. I entirely agree. But can I ask you, what are you doing that's so much better?
Earning literal millions and being a volunteer fire fighter.
it doesnt matter what job you have when you get deployed and are sitting in a convoy getting blown up
I think you're thinking of your childhood.Don't let it bother you too much.
Aviano?Italian here
ask me anything I'm a gurl
Eyebrows
Wow
show feets
hows life?
no robut tag
roll singles=maleroll dubs=femaleroll trips=tranny
wow what a pretty girlpost more
how big would you say your eyebrows are in cm?
tits or gtfo
btw im a gril :get fucked cunt
stop posting on r9k, /soc/cer

inb4 100s of thirsty replies
Opinion on Hitler?
no board name
6 April 2015Wut
Here in freedom land we put the month first
fuck what movie is this from i wanna watch it againmfw retarded
Subhuman europoor detected
fuck off you passive aggressive retard, you know that people in the US date differently than bongs
"Hunter.S.Thompson and his friend do drugs in Las Vegas"Rolls off the toungue
thanks i actually found it
Reminder.
One of the easiest movies to spot
Daily reminder
those eyebrows made me vomit thanks
Dailyaily
rollan
r0ll
maisie williams?
Roll and Deschain
meh, what a waste of dubs
rolllllll
LONDON?ONDON?
check my dubs, assholes.
roll for arachne
just keep on rawlin bb
This is fake. It doesnt say r9k anywhere on the pic
Rolling
roll-an
rollingrolling
roll
Roll on
Real!
you're very pretty :
What do you want succubi? Came to laugh at me?
I was thinking the same thingalso looks like a girl I knew in high school
do you live in the east sf bay area? really think I might have met you
tits/gtfo
dubs and gib gf pls
why do you come to /r9k/?
turn the photo and she's ugly as fuck.
You look like you're 12 gtfo of here you vile temptress.
who /stoic/ here?Have you learned to destroy harmful emotions and accept misfortune as part of the natural order, as well as avoid unnecessary attachment to objects/people, and not being anxious about things beyond your control?
Trying. Any tips?
I essentially operate this way, though not intentionally.I've just gotten shit on by various things and people in my life so many times that I don't even care anymore.For example, I know that I'm basically going to failed this year of uni, but I feel nothing. I fully understand how bad this is for my future, and how my parents will be extremely disappointed in me, but I just feel nothing. Not anxious, anything. I don't know why.

Read the teachings of the men themsleves if you haven't. Personal recommendations:- A manual for Living chosen passages by Epictetus- Meditations by Marcus Aurelius- Moral letters to Lucilius by Seneca
give it timeyes I am like that now. I've realised how futile everything truly is and I don't get nervous or anxious about anything any more, at least not rationally. I still feel irrational fear about talking to people but I understand how pointless that fear is. Like , I've been criticized all my life and I think eventually you can just detach yourself from everything
But I don't want to be a woman
try to be stoic and realize nothing I do can change outcomes beyond my controlstill get anxiety and worry about itelaborate day dreams where things turn to shitI should meditate more.
bottling up your emotions and trying to hide your human natureHippy shit/10
stoicism is devoid of any passionthe stoics are quite possibly THE most boring cuntsepicureans are almost there but they arent quite as bad as submissive little bitches who suck the phallus of nature and accept whatever punishment it decides to dish out
what do you suggest?
not this
You desire to LIVE "according to Nature"? Oh, you noble Stoics, what fraud of words! Imagine to yourselves a being like Nature, boundlessly extravagant, boundlessly indifferent, without purpose or consideration, without pity or justice, at once fruitful and barren and uncertain: imagine to yourselves INDIFFERENCE as a power--how COULD you live in accordance with such indifference? To live--is not that just endeavoring to be otherwise than this Nature? Is not living valuing, preferring, being unjust, being limited, endeavouring to be different? And granted that your imperative, "living according to Nature," means actually the same as "living according to life"--how could you do DIFFERENTLY? Why should you make a principle out of what you yourselves are, and must be? In reality, however, it is quite otherwise with you: while you pretend to read with rapture the canon of your law in Nature, you want something quite the contrary, you extraordinary stage-players and self-deluders! In your pride you wish to dictate your morals and ideals to Nature, to Nature herself, and to incorporate them therein; you insist that it shall be Nature "according to the Stoa," and would like everything to be made after your own image, as a vast, eternal glorification and generalism of Stoicism! With all your love for truth, you have forced yourselves so long, so persistently, and with such hypnotic rigidity to see Nature FALSELY, that is to say, Stoically, that you are no longer able to see it otherwise-- and to crown all, some unfathomable superciliousness gives you the Bedlamite hope that BECAUSE you are able to tyrannize over yourselves--Stoicism is self-tyranny--Nature will also allow herself to be tyrannized over: is not the Stoic a PART of Nature? . . .
But this is an old and everlasting story: what happened in old times with the Stoics still happens today, as soon as ever a philosophy begins to believe in itself. It always creates the world in its own image; it cannot do otherwise; philosophy is this tyrannical impulse itself, the most spiritual Will to Power, the will to "creation of the world," the will to the causa prima.
bottling up your emotionsThis isn't what stoicism is. The stoics didn't tell people to repress their emotions. The entire purpose of this philosophy was a sort of perceptual compass. It's just approaching things without making judgments, which over time may naturally make the severity of some situations invoke less intense emotions.Think of it like this: Say you're just starting out as a forensic examiner. With no prior experience in the field, seeing dead and mutilated corpses may cause you intense anxiety, or lead you into depressive existential doubts. As you gain more experience in this field, it starts to become more of a routine practice that may not invoke any feelings at all. With a stoic mindset, you're trying to place yourself in that perception beforehand by avoiding making judgments or attributing emotional qualities to the situation. e.g. You probably shouldn't look at a corpse and start thinking, "Man, that's fucked up and depressed." In doing so, you're establishing relationships between these judgments and your emotions; so when your perceive something that invokes these judgments, your mind immediately summons negative emotions.
le NEETcha face
, 
You will never be black
That feel when whiteIt's a good feeling, maybe you should hop on board instead of being a self-loathing mentally ill cuck. Not even blacks respect self-loathing whites.
thank god
post more white ones
I wanna be a minority tbh
tfw black and no gfeven this guy got cuckedreal life is not like your BBC porn
, 
Riddle me this /r9k/. Why is nihilism considered cool? Like why?
It's not.
The same reason people adore Buddhism: because all it does is sweeping negation.'Doesn't exist', 'doesn't matter', 'is an illusion', 'is not real'. Spouting those takes no insight, but it sounds cool for the first year or two.
There is no end goal in life, literally do whatever the fuck you want to do because we all are going to die eventually.
cause its easy
The same with atheism nihilism and atheism are more or less the same. Of course nihilism and atheism are both true, but normalfags see it as somehow dark and this attracts edgy normalfags. Not caring is cool for normalfags and they somehow delude themselves into thinking Nihilism = not caring.
Because you're hanging out with high schoolers.
cause its true ^:
Nihilism = Nothing matters or is true, reality doesn't exist; except that nihilism is true, that's a valid principle and is concentrated in reality.i.e. I hate reality.
Because it's true and without Religion it's inescapable anyway.
reality doesn't existWhat? Are you high right now?
You've clearly never talked to a Buddhist. 'Reality doesn't exist' is like Buddhist Sophistry 101.
what's real isn't real
Depends on they type."Waaah nothing I do will ever matter" nihilism is retarded."Nothing matters, so I'm just gonna do whatever I want." nihilism is freeing.
Reality is relative.
nihilism is freeing.Then how come nihilists aren't driven to act out all their primitive urges?
Your comment was about Nihilism though.
Note, the exact line of 'proof' is not relevant here. Buddhists will sometimes take the quantum physics route poor thing, sometimes the 'all that exists is your perceptions of reality' route, sometimes the 'all is transient and impermanent' route, sometimes 'you can't prove the existence of anything with 100% certainty' route, and, knowing their ability to come up with bullshit, many many more case in point: . But the shared quality is that it is never, ever relevant to anything. It is always insipid definition games that elucidate nothing and only are supposed to make the Buddhist look smart.
Not wanting to end up in jail?
It is really the same thing: both are largely defined by total intellectual looseness.
Freedom matters then
But jail is an illusion, a non-reality, right? For them anyway.
Because most people still have basic morality taught to them by their society. Acting out your base instincts doesn't feel good to most people, especially if it means harming others.
It doesn't really matter if you are a existential Nihilist or a crying teenager, Nihilism is true.
Relative to what? Perspective?
Nihilism means rejecting religion and imposed morals, not rejecting "reality". And the reality is that your ass is still going to jail.
osnwayd
But it is clearly true. You will die, even 100 years from now nothing you did will have an impact. To deny this obvious fact requires some seriously tortured magical thinking.OP, it's considered "cool" because it represents the triumph of the human mind over the body/instinct. Life is clearly pointless and meaningless, but it requires bravery and willpower to transcend you animal instincts and admit it.
Nihilism is true as in nothing is true?
Just because there are no absolute morals, doesn't mean there are no personal.
I suppose you're right. Fair enough. Morality still matters, it probably takes much more than just straight up nihilism to get rid of those.Is there a belief system that prioritizes the human condition over everything else?
misclicked
Because nihilist don't care about the rules or playing nice!
It's not. Buddhism is a religion, Nihilism a philosophy. There are tons of things Buddhist believe in. Nihilists don't believe in anything supernatural by definition.
Humanism
Nihilism rejects that life has objective meaning or intrinsic value,not that reality itself doesn't exist.
But it is clearly true. You will die, even 100 years from now nothing you did will have an impact.This is too vague to be true or false.I don't speak of some sort of absolute 'meaning' or 'mattering', because it is too ambiguous. It is true that memories of me will fade from both brains and historical records, but this is pure science, a pure material fact, just like a fact that a certain chemical reaction will happen in a certain context. I have never seen a reason to make broad abstractions like 'life is pointless' without properly defining 'point'.
The fuck kind of Buddhist have you been hanging around?Buddhism teaches one to distinguish between their own perceived reality, and what is actually going on. One goal being to get rid of the perceived reality and always see the real reality. I think you're thinking about Buddhists' ultimate goal of escaping this plane of existence, which is an entirely different matter to get into.
conflating the instructions for meditation with Buddhist doctrinesPlease stop
I thought there were different kinds of nihilism. Existential nihilism, material nihilism etc. Maybe if I read some Nietzsche it would help with this.
For me it's Jared Leto - Intelligent, nihilistic and with a wicked sense of humour.
Who thinks it is cool? It's just an obvious realization about the lack of purpose of the universe, but this depends on the definition you want to use for purpose.
Buddhism teaches one to distinguish between their own perceived reality, and what is actually going on. One goal being to get rid of the perceived reality and always see the real reality.Buddhists are the most unintrospective, unanalytically-minded, scientifically illiterate, emotional, pseudoscientifically- and paranormally-inclined, immaterialistic in the sense of embrace of free will people I've had the displeasure of talking to. If this means 'seeing the real reality', be my guest.
In other words, 'understand that every1 has his own reality lol' != understanding reality.
I don't see how atheism and nihilism are equivalent.Even with a religious view of life, everything is ultimately devoid of "meaning", as meaning is an abstraction limited to the explanation of phenomena contained in existence, but not applicable to existence itself.
I have never seen a reason to make broad abstractions like 'life is pointless' without properly defining 'pointBut... It's not an abstraction. You can look up the definition of the word "point" and apply it to the statement "life is pointless". There's nothing abstract about life having no point, and the word point isn't ambiguous. To argue that there is a point is to delve into ambiguity and abstraction. Also, there is nothing vague about you dying and rotting and being forgotten in the passage of time. That is reality. Except, of course, duration of time is an illusion caused by being this specific size, on this specific rock, etc. Even the idea of being a separate entity with a "life" falls apart when you look at things from a different sized perspective.Life is a product of language and circumstance. It doesn't exist objectively. No point to life.
Fucking hell miscNihilism is not cool. It negates conformism, and is why I'm a nihilistActually I'm a nihilist because of the philosophy it promotes. Though in a negative rather than a positive sense
False memories and your brain filling in gaps of images, sounds, etc are real things with real scientific studies.
I have no idea what the fuck you're talking about.I'll stick to facts such as the exact ways in which my brain is going to decay after my death, or the age past which data on disk drives containing records on my life become irreparably corrupted, thank you.
Funny then I've never seen a Buddhist talk about the brain, whilst they literally can't shut up about the mind and the self and the ego and reality and the universe.
just an excuse to avoid responsibility, be lazypeople like being told what they want to hear and given excuses, so it is "cool"
You're failure to extrapolate the nature of reality from the facts before you isn't something to be proud of.
You're failureCool Freudian slip.At least you missed the article.
Nietzsche didn't escape Nihilism, he just found a way to bear it.
Cool Freudian slip.I don't think that's what a Freudian slip is.
Odd. Buddha displayed he knew a good bit about the brain before neuroscience was even a thing.There's a pretty good book about it.
It is something that reflects your initial desire to say 'you are a failure for not extrapolating...'.
With religion meaning is the will of God.
'humans have memories lol''beliefs change in time lol''everyone is different lol''nature and nurture lol''mental illnesses lol'Tell me how he displayed intimate understanding of quantum physics again, too, make my day.
Nihilism is the normalfag definition for cool. Cool just mean being not affected by anything. Watch True Detective, normalfags love it.
For those for whom this is not completely clear: claims that 'Buddhism has long understood what modern science is only recently rediscovering' is the same thing as the black Egyptians thing. Grasping at straws to be able to say that, after we simplify and simplify modern scientific knowledge to the point of becoming banally useless, 'Buddhism have known it all the time'.
No, you just use use the excuse that it's only an excuse to justify your porous ideology.
You see the same kind of shit with Christians and Muslims who claim that all sorts of modern scientific discoveries can be found in their holy books.
In other words, Buddhists take a completely watered-down 'equivalent' of a piece of knowledge, for instance, 'we're happier when we're relaxed', that is just an indiscriminating, crude representation of the interaction of thousands of parts of the brain that contribute to various kinds of satisfaction and happiness and fulfilment and numerous other neurologically distinct experiences, and they turn it on its head, insisting 'that we're happier when we're relaxed is the ultimate, unifying finding of neuroscience, the pinnacle of understanding of the human being, which every particular line of neurological research has been gradually contributing to oh, and also, we, Buddhists, have known this all the time--see how smart we are?'.Scum.Hmm maybe. I mostly see this in Buddhism though.
Not giving a shit is seen as cool. Simple as that.
Muslims sure, Christians not so much
except that nihilism is truereal nihilism is not beliving in anything, beliving in nothing, what normies consider is nihilism, is just another ideology and against real nihilism. Is more that truth don't exsist, as reality aka material world exsist but is in itself meaningless, but truth, from which came our beliefs, judgements, morality, our perception of it, is subjective and as we can sense it just through our senses and mind is it allways biased, so there is no objective truth.
mind is it allways biasedHow is 'gravity exists' biased?
Is more that truth don't existThat would be Postmodernism
I do it to impress my small circle of friends :^How else could I possibly come off as deep or interesting.
gravity itself is not based, but the feeling how strong is gravity is or the question if gravity is good or bad.
Is that sculpture meant to be Nero?
It can already be found in Nietzche and Stirner in Budhissm and elsewhere. The postmodernist ideas aren't new.
I got really drunk once and talked about nhilisim to my friends, It's one of my biggest regrets, god I feel like such a faggot
ideasPlease reserve that word for things that involve at least some mental effort.
I've read Stirner and I didn't find anything about truth not existing?
Actually I'm a nihilist because of the philosophy it promotes.you probably think Camus was a nihilist too
why would I want to justify a porous ideology that forces me to be moralI would benefit by being immoral, I could scam old ladies and whatnot and make a lot of money, but I won't because I believe in America, I believe in freedom and I believe in Jesus
some theological notion of dualitythat's all really
No, having your own morals not no morals means actually having to think about the stuff you do. Subscribing to some ideology means you don't have to think about anything.
It is all a matter of fucking definitions, philosophers don't define their terms correctly and that way everything seems so complicated and profound.
LE STEAM MASTERRACE!!!111!! AIRIGHT GUYZ????
I admit, I didn't really read through Stirner except the summary, but his morals based on self and disdain for ideologies and religions are close to disregarding truth.
philosophers don't define their terms correctlyconfirmed to have never read any philosophical texts
it just states life isn't inherently valuable or has a point, what you do with that idea is up to you, nihilism isn't "everything is shit and pointless so give up lol"
Life is clearly pointless and meaninglessall that means is there's no point set out for your life, it's not inherently important to the benign indifference of the universe that you are personally alive or in existence
Buddhism is fucked thoughmost pretentious religionmost valueless religioncan be used to justify literally anythingprides itself that life is hell until you die and go to hell, also nothing matters
*Everyone* will *always* think that they express themselves clearly and specifically. This is an oft-overlooked facet of the Dunning-Kruger. 'What do you mean I'm being vague when I say that concepts are illusory? This is perfectly well-defined. Concepts are thoughts and forms of reality, and illusority is unknowability and subjectivity.'
fuck Reed Richards though, what a massive faggot
concepts are illusoryhow in fuck is that vague
philosophers don't define their terms correctlyno philosopher has ever correctly defined their terms seems legit
It's easy to defend.But most people who do it, do not really feel it.They are probably still attached to a lot of things, material and immaterial.
*Everyone* will *always* think that they express themselves clearly and specifically.which specific philosophers do you have an issue with thoughmfw it'll be postmodernist "thinkers" who are vague to the point of retardation
can be used to justify literally anythingIndeed.People are surprisingly short-sighted about the longer-term consequences of repeatedly exposing yourself to stuff like 'you are your reality' or 'nothing can be communicated' or 'truth doesn't exist' or 'we are all enlightened' or 'you must unlearn everything you learned' or 'true reality is what you're doing at the moment'. MASSIVE self-certitude and self-complacency, whatever I do / whatever I think = right.
I am not .I have never really read philosophy; my personal small rule of thumb regarding it, though, has for some time by now been 'if it doesn't contains symbols, it is not philosophy'. This basically means, if the text doesn't contain definitions of functions or equations, the thinker is probably not inclined rigorously enough to come up with much insights.
Buddhism hate? On MY r9k?valuelesscan be used to justify literally anythingWhere are you getting this?
my ideology is about thinking for yourself, that is what freedom meansHowever there is a problem, I will never be an expert in all things, it is not possible to do all the thinking for myself.I go to a doctor to ask what is the best way to cure an ailment. I use the services of software engineers and physicists, indirectly, when I purchase new technology. I know I can trust them because what they do works, for me and for others.It is the same for ethics, sometimes you need to look at other people's ideas in the search for answer.
I have never really read philosophythen on what basis do you venture to critique it then?definitions of functions or equationsdefine your parameters of what counts as these
camus was nihilistic existentialist yes
camus was nihilistic existentialisthe didn't seem to think so, he didn't even think he was a philosopher
on what basis do you venture to critique it then?On what basis do you venture to ignore my explanation that I am not ?As I said, I do not criticize philosophy as a whole because, as I said, I hardly read it. All I did was shared my personal criterion regarding which books on it I would rather start with the ones that contain symbols if I were to look into it at some point, and which I would be rather wary of as possible self-help/religious nonsense, that I think are often disguised as philosopy the ones that don't.
Why do I get the impression neither of you could recall a noble truth or a fold of the path.
There is no set standard as to what "reality" can be defined as, therefore it cannot exist.
*apatheismftfy
some gibberish about how material life is nothing and how wanting good things and avoiding bad things wont bring you to enlightenment or some bullshithurr life needs to be suffering or you'll keep coming back fuck off
Camus was an absurdist
buddhismnihilismsame thingIgnorance truly is the source of suffering.
this guy gets itwant to smoke cigarettes and shoot an arab at the beach later?
The ultimate realisation of Buddhist practice is that there is no I.If the Buddha believed that nothing could be communicated why did he start a Sangha and travel around India teaching to thousands of followers and establish a lineage which continues to this day?There is a strict moral code in Buddhism especially the Theraveda branch, you seem to be confusing Buddhism with general fuzzy new age thinking.
See just a random collection I brought myself to look up a couple of days ago; there are probably many better worse ones out there and tell me honestly what kind of personality exposure to it is going to result in.Tip: look no further than the 'about the owner' part of that page to see the intellectual level of Buddhists. 'Realizing your true self'. This guy honestly thinks 'lol I can see when I'm mad' and 'lol I understood deeply that a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step' is insight.a noble truth or a fold of the pathI was on that shit's Wikipedia pages much more than I should have, and I am grateful for my brain to have instantly forgotten such a heap of inspecific nonsense.
The stranger is one of the best books ever written IMO.
get called out for knowing literally nothing about Buddhism other than what you assume it is from television or some shitreply with absolute nonsense.being angry at things you admittedly don't understand even a little.
what part of what I said was actually wrong though?
it's fucking dope, reread it last night randomly after not having read it for years, it's incredible.
The ultimate realisation of Buddhist practice is that there is no I.In a sane world, Buddhists would be a laughing stock.So your silly little brain has come to feel that since it can 'observe its own thoughts come and go', then this surely means THE REVELATION OF THE UNIVERSAL TRUTH THAT THE SELF DOES NOT EXIST LISTEN TO ME LISTEN TO ME YOU UNENLIGHTENED CATTLE THE SELF DOESN'T EXIST LISTEN TO ME EXPLAIN THE ULTIMATE TRUTH OF REALITY.This is worthless. 'The self doesn't exist' is no truth in any sense of the world. It's just a pretentious verbalization and 'doctrinization' of your vapid pseudo-realization that attention comes and goes wow really?. Except because you've allowed this pseudo-realization affect your behaviour 'if my thoughts come and go, then it means that everything exists in the mind yada yada and therefore there is no need to worry about anything and therefore this is a deeply profound truth', then it is more meaningful than it is. In truth, this represents absolutely no psychological insight. It explains nothing about the brain's mechanisms of sensory perception, attention, logical reasoning, fact retrieval, imagination, and so on. Just the fact that your brain has become infected with remembering about it all the time 'I remember about the transience of thoughts when I'm shopping! I remember about the transience of thoughts when I'm shitting!' doesn't mean that it's meaningful, either.Buddhists are sad, deluded individuals.
The Buddhist accepts that life is not wholly satisfying and chasing perfection leads to anguish and living in fantasies.You shoud apply common sense and avoid danger and discomfort, Buddhism is not masochism.However the Buddhist endevours to be mindful that clinging and aversion lead to problems and it is best to get a handle on that.
living in fantasiesThe degree of Buddhist hypocrisy is literally stunning sometimes.See  for an example of a fantasy that Buddhists call 'enlightenment'.That said, I need to leave. I'll be back in an hour if the thread is still up.
If the Buddha believed that nothing could be communicated why did he start a Sangha and travel around India teaching to thousands of followers and establish a lineage which continues to this day?that's like asking why Muhammed started Islam, he was a religious nut
some shit blog with zen proverbsThis is how you judge a major world religion? Some poorly structured blog by a 20something 'writer'?Using Zen as a touchstone for Buddhism in the first placeZen is mostly a joke and everyone knows it.I don't agree with a Christian worldview or philosophy but I'm not going to judge it by the ramblings of pentacostal swamp people.If you're too lazy to understand the actual basics of Buddhism than don't lie to yourself and think you understand it at all. You're only embarrassing yourself.I see that I was right, you can't.inspecific nonsenseWhat is unspecific about a list of 4 truths and a list of 8 aspects?
why did he start a Sangha and travel around India teaching to thousands of followers and establish a lineage which continues to this day?wasn't he like, bored with his luxurious life or something? implying he didn't just hallucinate it all when starving himself
Im not even being hyperbolic when i tell you literally everything you said was entirely wrong.
Is it considered cool? Nihilism doesn't lead to anything. I don't mean that in a negative sense, it won't make you do or not do anything I'm talking about true nihilism, not Tyler Durden tier edge shit which is cool especially if you're 14-18.You can view it as something that frees you I guess and you can also view it as something that makes everything meaningless. I was depressed when I first got into it mentally but after giving it some thought I realized it doesn't change anything really.
Why do I get the feeling you're a jaded ex-Buddhist?
buddhists run around hollering about the lack of a true self.But they don't. They only do this in your for-some-reason extremely bitter fantasy scenario.They muse endlessly but explain nothing about the brains mechanismsBuddhism is THE most neuroscience-minded religion in the world. This isn't even a debatable point. Im struggling to emphasize exactly how fucking ignorant you are.
How can you be so quick to dismiss enlightenment when you yourself have no experience of it?Tell you what, go on a 10 day silent Vipassina retreat and came back and say that Buddhist teachings are all lies. I'll believe you then.
Nihilism captures the attentions of people in the west today because conventional thought is stale and hypocritical. For many people our political, social, and economic systems seem to only serve to promote base consumerism. The God of trying to satisfy an insatiable hunger, to quench an unslakable thirst to fill an ever growing void with more stuff. It doesn't sit well with people. Humans need something to look up to. Something ideal that sustains the soul to brave itself to the uncertainty of tomorrow. Even those who can't articulate their feelings can realize a gnawing emptiness inside them. At least that's my two cents.
Because your Buddhist brain is focused on the form of others' comments rather than their comments.Buddhism is THE most neuroscience-minded religion in the world.THE MIND IS THE REPRESENTATION OF THE SELF AND THE SELF IS THE EXPERIENCE OF THE EGO AND THE EGO TRANSCENDS THOUGHT AND THOUGHT SUBSUMES CONSCIOUSNESS AND CONSCIOUSNESS IS THE ORIGINATION OF AWARENESS AND AWARENESS IS THE FORM OF THE I AND THE I IS THE STRUCTURE OF THE PERSONHOOD AND THE PERSONHOOD ENCOMPASSES THE MIND and oh also did I mention that we Buddhists are extremely dedicated to scientific falsifiability and in fact Buddha was the first neuroscientist?
Not really, he calls things like society and ideology spooks, not reality itself.
There's a kind of nihilism which will make you the chadest of chads.
go on a 10 day silent Vipassina retreat and came back and say that Buddhist teachings are all liesThis is impossible to do, because such an experience fucks up your brain so badly, you will never again in your life consider concepts such as truth and falsehood in a manner exemplified by, for instance, , instead spouting bullshit about 'the understanding of the ultimate truth of the self' that is 'living fully in the present moment'.
So you recognise that your ideology is not absolute? Like I said, Nihilism doesn't mean you can't have any morals, but that all morals are relative.
I really don't think hes an ex-buddhist.If he was an ex-buddhist he would know at least a little about buddhism.He probably got turned down by some ditzy teenage girl that he remembers spouting some pseudo-zen nonsense.
I like it, but the prose is pretty weak.
Only bitter byronic faggots think nihilism is cool. These are the same kind of vapid cunts who think Ecclesiastes is the best book in the Bible. What they miss completely, is that there is nothing enviable or estimable about misery. It's poseury.
I have to ask, how do you have the ability to speak with such certainty on subjects you have no experience in? How do you not have a voice in the back of your head telling you "perhaps I might just be buying my own bullshit?" I have been on a meditation retreat and it did me a world of good. Are the quantifiable benefits I got from the experience just a bunch of "religious delusions?"And if you still don't believe me, watch a documentary called the Dharma Brothers. It follows a group of inmates as they go on a meditation retreat and documents their experiences. Watch it for yourself and honestly tell me they got nothing out of it.
nothing to say but mashups of stereotypical words and phrases.I MEAN IS CHINESE EVEN A LANGUAGE ITS JUST CHING CHONG NIG NONG AND SQUIGGLES
Mind=Reality sounds more like the Hindu concept of Eternal Brahmin thinking up the content of reality.The important idea thoughout Buddhism is not that reality does not exist per se, or that it is purealy idealist but rather that everything is influx and impermentant and that nothing has a seperate concrete formation and sessation but rather it is interlinked and dependant on a multitude of previous causes. From the wiki on dependent origination: The Theravāda tradition records [...] as a fundamental axiom the principle that a single cause does not give rise to either a single result or several results; nor do several causes give rise to just one result; but rather several causes give rise to several results.In the Madhyama-philosophy, the principle of dependent origination implies a radical interpretation of the notion of no-self anatman, stating that the phenomenal self exists in dependence upon causes and conditions. It is im possible to identify an independent, inherently existing self, but it also implies that there is no such transcendental reality like Buddha-nature or "pure consciousness."
camus was nihilistic existentialist yesNo, he wasn't."If nothing had any meaning, you would be right. But there is something that still has a meaning."
By fantasies I meant day dreaming and wishful thinking of future things which will likely not come to pass or will not be as great as imagined rather than being fully in the present and living.I would say that very skilled Buddhists are not enthralled by fantasies at all, they disicpline themselves to be as grounded and in the moment as possible. There is a zen idea that true freedom is liberation from views entirely and thus fantasies. Buddhism is more an activity than a philosophy, the suttras and teachings are merely a means to guide one in a direction, the texts themselves are not the objective truth."I must state clearly that my teaching is a method to experience reality and not reality itself, just as a finger pointing at the moon is not the moon itself. A thinking person makes use of the finger to see the moon. A person who only looks at the finger and mistakes it for the moon will never see the real moon." Not a Buddhist btw, just trying to show a clearer picture from my limited understanding.
You're a retard. The Socratic dialogues are chock full of definitions and so is almost every celebrated philosophical text.
KekI was on a 10 day retreatI don't know if the method is legit, anapana helps with concentration I guess but that's jsut anecdotal stuff, maybe placebo and I don't practiceThe philosophy seemed flawed at times, like other religions, you need to trust the guy who made it up and that's silly imo but psychologically I agreed with a lot of stuff and there were some nice stories anthony de mello type of stuffI still stand by my point that all religions are basically second hand schizophrenia and buddhism has nothing on nihilismBut you can never be sure in your own sanity either and your experience of things is unreliable of course so whatever I'm gonna go jack off now
No use show trying to show him reason inspite of the multitude of studies showing the positve mental and physical benefits of meditation and mindfulness. I suspect he is that rabid anti-medtation guy who crops up in these threads every so often going on about how meditation is some conspiracy to turn us into unitelligent zombies.
Also you are currently on your 10.000th day of your own retreat from vipassana retreats so your brain is too clouded to understand the profound concepts of the teachings sarcasm ofcYou're spouting bullshit m8
Yeah, I got that feeling too.Poor dude must have had one bad trip too many and now he's on a crusade to defend his schizophrenic worldview.
'THE TRUE TRUEST TRUTH OF BUDDHISM IS LIVING BY IT AND NOT JUST UNDERSTANDING THE THEORY!!!'This again is a completely arbitrary claim.I think I am slowly understanding the rotten root of Buddhism. Buddhists with their very beings loathe the idea of arriving at well-defined knowledge that, to borrow from the UNIX philosophy, does one thing and does it well. The Buddhist idea of discussion creating claims ad hoc just to win the discussion at all costs.'NO YOUR WRONG THE TRUE TRUTH IS TO UNDERSTAND THAT THE I DOESN'T EXIST!!!''You mean that within the established, well-defined empirical framework, the physical change in the brain that reflects adoption of the belief that "the I doesn't exist" corresponds to increase in release of happy chemicals? All right, but why didn't you call it so?''NO YOUR WRONG THE TRUE TRUTH IS TO UNDERSTAND THAT EVERYTHING HAS ITS TIME AND PLACE!!!''You mean that within the said empirical framework, it has been found innumerable times that disproportional persistence in something results in subsequent disproportional misery? Well, obviously, but how is this insightful at all?''NO YOUR WRONG THE TRUE TRUTH IS TO UNDERSTAND THAT MEANING IS NOT MERELY THEORETICAL AND TRUE MEANING IS FOUND IN EXPERIENCE!!!''You mean that, again, within that framework, a person who merely speaks of things and doesn't live by them won't be as happy? Obviously. This too is a complete no-brainer. But why do you insist so badly on presenting such claims as a whole new class of knowledge, instead of presenting it in terms of the empirical framework of behaviour of the brain, where it belongs?'Continued.
In other words, Buddhists *multiply* claims, producing every more and more noise, while science and intellect in general abstracts: for instance, it has abstracted the empirical discussion of the interaction of the brain and the environment again, statistics etc.. Buddhists don't abstract; they just proliferate claims like 'not everything can be defined' or 'the meaning of experience is something else than the meaning of theory' or 'meaning is relative to the situation' whenever they feel that they are going to serve a purpose for instance, make someone happier...This thought really, really needs to be elaborated on, and I truly regret that I have no time now, not even to clarify the above in my own head, because      seem to be impaired with this very brain defect.schizophrenicAgain, a Buddhist using a word just because it strikes his fancy and not because it corresponds to the reality of my mental state--and ready to defend it by saying 'only a deluded person focuses on words without realizing and appreciating the broader truth behind those words' as soon as one objects.
I can win arguments if I use strawmen
Ok, completely sincere question here, I'm 110% being genuine - do you have or suspect you have any sort of mental disorder, disability, affliction or illness? Anything at all?
do you have or suspect you have any sort of mental disorder, disability, affliction or illness?No.The things closest to disorders are my below-average IQ, my empathy 'allism'; basically the opposite of the interpersonal dimension of autism, and my yet-unnamed-by-me trait of finding unfalsifiable claims true which defines religions in general and Buddhism in particular, which I'm trying to overcome.
fuck off /tv/
Do I sound like a buddhist you fucktard?But sure generalizing is easy, I can do it too, you go back to jerking off to Hitchens debates now fedoralordinteraction of the brain and the environment again, statistics etc..Top kek you don't know shit about neuroscience, philosophy or anything related to the discussion. No, listening to le black science man and Dawkins videos while shitting doesn't make you an expert on religions, philosophy, biology and physics all of a sudden.
It just works
fuck off doom you already have your own universe
quoting my postthat summaryWere you trying to quote someone else? Your greentext doesn't even make sense.And for the record, you're STILL using poorly paraphrased koans as if they're the core concepts of Buddhism. I really can't emphasize enough that this isn't close to the case.The foundations of Buddhism are about the nature of suffering and the alleviation of suffering, but you insist on focusing in on these "Nothing is real or definable" concepts that you have neither real context nor reference for.Yes, the nature of consciousness is an important part of understanding suffering, and yes, the ideas can seem abstract.You are a real person living in a real world where there are real consequences to your real actions. And despite this, no, your conscious ego isn't a solid or absolutely definable thing.You are focusing on the most complicated aspects of a philosophy you admittedly don't know the first things about, and then complaining that they seem abstract and without practical basis.
Buddhism is not about finding meaning or absolute truth it is a path of alleviating suffering.The Buddha encountered suffering and strived to conquer it, he tried escaping reality through self-mutilation and dissolution of the body, but found that this was just clinging to the body in a perverse way.He had already understood that sensual pleaure alone was not wholly satisfying as he had grown up as a rich warrior caste prince.Under the Bodhi tree the Noble Truths occured to him and they were the foundation of the Middle Way which is neither the extremes of negation or sensual indulgence.Through meditation and following of the Noble Truths and the Middle way you become peaceful while still encounting the daily struggles and small wins and losses, through deeper meditation you better understand your mental processors how they emerge and dissipate, that they have depedant origination and the impermenance of both mental and physical phenomena.It is pretty simple really, nothing profound, just something some people believe is worth while doing as an activity, I do not understand the hostility.
'Meditation' gives perfectly, literally, mathematically zero insight into one's mental processes.Saying it does is like saying that being kicked in the balls gives insight into the nature of pain.
Oh, and Buddha's 'teachings' caused a direct increase in the amount of suffering in the world, in the most literal of senses: emotional and physical. By feeding people the delusion that 'true understanding' is acceptance of one's plight, he terminated people's drive to improve their living conditions, seek better medicine, education, and so on.The world would be better off if that man never lived, again in the most literal of senses.
Of course, in reality, 'meditation' *decreases* your self-awareness by making you attached to pursuit of emotional contentment, but I'm speaking about the short-term effects here.
this board is way too spastic and retarded to be trying to discuss nihilism.the level of posting is /b/, 10-17 year olds spamming chat box with shit they think is funny and are giggling to at the other end.
It's not. I have never heard anyone say that. It does make sense though
In fact, I would say that Buddha was probably more harmful than Hitler, considering how the war to which the latter contributed resulted in technological and scientific advancements, led people to desire and become attached to their loved ones and their possessions, and resulted in hard-learned real-life problem-solving, which by necessity involved hard reasoning rather than muddy ramblings about the mind and the self.
I would call you a troll at this point but you've put too much effort into all of these posts. The level of vitriol and hostility is frankly concerning, anon. Maybe you should get some fresh air.
Maybe you should get some fresh air.There are very few things for which I can feel honestly proud, but that I have never rebuked someone for arguing his point by arbitrarily telling him/her to 'take a walk' is one of them. I have always considered my opponents my equals, and I never sank as low as to literally tell my opponent 'stop talking'.
Oh, and the phenomenon of you seeing non-existent vitriol has been described in .
I have always considered my opponents my equals.Then why have your replies been hostile shitposts?I was trying to present a reasonable basis of what buddhism is but you clearly have no interest.non-existent vitriolYou said that buddha was literally more harmful to the world than hitler. It doesn't actually get more stereotypically vitriolic than that, anon.
You said that buddha was literally more harmful to the world than hitler.Yes. And? I was considering the entirety of their impact, not just the direct effects on the people around them and people around those people. The conflict contribute to by Hitler got tens, if not hundreds, of millions of people, and their subsequent generations, to think about things such as economy how to best invest money, grammar how to learn languages to emigrate, nutrition what best to eat, sharpened their logic how to lie about one's ethnic or other status, creativity where to get food, and that's again not to mention the technological advances in, well, you tell me, cryptography, ballistics, communication, etc. etc. etc.And the brainrot of Buddha taught hundreds of millions of people to let go of unneeded desire and understand that the future doesn't exist and understand that reality is like a river or like a wave or like a mirror or whatever and understand that the self is an illusion and that the universe is in a cup of tea and that wisdom is to know when to stop talking.
Just because something's pointless doesn't mean we don't have drives and goals, right?
There are only so many ways in which I can tell you that Buddha didn't teach that at all, but you're not trying to listen.
Bumping the thread while I reply.
21yo living with parentsfinishing collegeno prospect of job or successful futuredepressed and home alone friends invite me to concert to cheer me up"fuck it, it couldnt be worse" friends take me to the concert and have a few drinkswork up courage to talk to a cute grill at concertstart talking to her it is going fineshe is flirting with merandom strong dude starts whispering to qt while looking at me suspiciously she says something and guy gets away from her and pushes menearly fall, but I held on push him back because I have some courage because of boozepunches me in noseI start to bleed and fall in the ground some people are laughing security kicks me outfriends didnt see shit and dont pick up phones so have to walk homeThis happened 3 days ago and I haven't gone out since, I do not know if I want to either.I get a distinct feeling that even if I was able to put him on his ass, I'd be framed as the bad guy. I wonder if I'm right.
Who /uselessdegree/ here?
Useless in the sense that it almost certainly won't get me a job? I mean, I am a history major.But I have a fine job as is and went to college for intellectual satisfaction, not employment.
Bachelor of Arts in Education StudiesIt's what they give you when you fail to be a teacher but have still completed 4 fucking years of theory units.Fuck my life
How do you fail to be a teacher? There's loads of shit tier teachers out there.
They don't exactly have the more objective assessment methods on practicums.I know, it's terribly embarrassing, there are so many shit teachers but I'm worse than even them because a few year 4s called out in class.
went to college for intellectual satisfaction, not employment.Keked. If that was true, youd have the motivation to study it on your own without paying for it.
Thinks intellectual growth can come SOLELY through private study.
At least my BA in Education studies tells me you don't know shit about social constructivism, the most effect method of learning.
You could probably learn more on your own outside of college if you were dedicated enough.This obviously isn't exclusive to every field of study though.
For things like history it's better to read extensively than go to history courses, especially since the humanities are chock full of liberals.
Math degreeFuck me
It's better to read aimlessly than discuss ideas with people studying the same thing.Stay stupid.
why not be part of the growing computer science kids?
The whole "math degree 300k starting" meme aside, what jobs does having a math degree open?Genuinely curious. Accountant? Banker? Engineering?
Math teacher
Like with who, other undergraduates? I've done loads of undergrad seminars and generally the people in them are idiots, and even if they aren't it takes a bit to get a good flow going.Put in a little bit of effort and it isn't hard to make a reading list relevant to historical subject X.
Maths professor
Really that bad? I know 300k starting like  said is likely an exaggeration but you'd think some company would hire you because math majors are smart.
Yes, reading extensively is great, especially original source material. And that's often in a language that isn't English. So I have to learn a language as well, and become fluent enough to understand the context.And then there's the interconnected nature of all history, which isn't explained often in one or two books. Its no different than learning a trade as an apprentice. You have a master of the craft if you have good professors show you how to connect the dots, where to visit when you travel, other experts to talk to, books to buy. And you have someone who you can TALK to about the subject, someone that actually is going to understand what you're saying.
It's what workshop discussion is for. Your tutor facilitates. Yeah normies are idiots but you can filter out the intelligent people within a couple of classes.
Depends on the field you planned on joining. Unless you're doing something related to engineering, computer science or medicine, you aren't guaranteed a job after you graduate.
Master's in Psychology with specialization in Organizational Psychology.Been a recruiter for IT specialists for 8 months now, salary is okay, but all my colleagues have Bachelor's or no degree at all. Really hope it'll benefit me in the long run.
keep going, soon you'll be making 300k starting with any job you want
The best thing universities have going for them is access to material you'd have a much harder/more expensive time getting a hold of on the outside. Also there's always that tiny hope that one day you can get a job related to your major thanks to that degree.If it's just a hobby, there's nothing wrong with studying it on your own although elitist fucks will always shit on any opinion you offer if they find out you haven't spend 8+ years in school. If you potentially want something more, education is the way to go.
All of this can be done without going to college if you have the proper dedication. Reading knowledge of another language is the easiest part of language learning without a text book.I've emailed professors before and gotten responses about shit, and never took any of their classes or even met them IRL. If you put thought into what you're writing they're usually happy to respond.Don't get me wrong, discussion can be very helpful but unless you're at the top level a history or another humanities degree is not merely useless, it's a harmful yoke that will keep you from gainful employment.
I have a degree in Catholic Systematic TheologyIt was paid for by my GI Bill and the company I worked for at the timeI studied what I want because I just had to be able to check the box next to '4 year degree' to get a promotionIt landed me a new, better-paying job as an ethics consultant
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology with a concentration in Computer Forensics. Graduated with a 4.0/Summa Cum Laude.First job after graduation was convenience store cashier.
So what are you gaining from all this "insightful knowledge of history" that you're paying for, obviously not a job. If it's your interest, why not go on your own way of study?
ethics consultantWhat do you do? Sounds interesting.
Who /sickoftheirmajor/ here? I don't even wanna go to college next year.
They have a blog on tumblr and tells everyone what they thing is right and wrong.
Additional understanding and access to people/materials/areas of interest I wouldn't have if I was going solo.I'm a CWI with a background in automotive and aerospace heat treatment, I make good enough money without a degree and can go to pretty much any state or big government agency and be employed within a week. A history degree isn't going to harm me in the slightest.
BA international studies
Mainly a lot of "your employee handbook needs to say this instead of that", "you need better computer security" and "yes, breaking the law is bad, so stop"
BA & MMath in Mathematics deal with it Ameriturds, British degrees are better namedLots of jobs I could do but just want to do PhD tbh
I'm 21 years old and recently finished college with a Multimedia Communications degree. So far I'm just working in a clothing department store and have no work experience in anything related to my degree. I don't really know what to do with my degree. It was fun learning how to code, edit movies, edit pictures, and make books, but it just seems useful toward hobby stuff rather than work stuff.
It isn't going to harm you because you have a real job.
physics and maths double majorbusted my arse and apparently it's useless, especially without social skillsmuh STEM fixes everything meme
English Lit reporting.
I have a Nursing Degree.I got a job, but I fucking hate my job, I hate patients, the narcissistic doctors and working with women. I just want to shoot myself before I go to work. I am switching to Physiotherapy, the work is much much less demanding with stable hours but less pay, but I don't give a fuck.
communicationskill me fam
Generally you want to combine it with something else that's related and practical math/engineering, math/stats, math/finance or go on for a PhD.So yes, the ones you listed would be applicable.
Look into becoming an Actuary dipshit. Literally the only job that utilizes a math degree
women studies
History degree here. I wanted to become a teacher then I realized I would be a shitty teacher. So I'm just gliding through college on easy mode until I turn 21 and am old enough to take the Foreign Service Officer exam and try my hand at working in a foreign embassy somewhere. The best part is that you don't even need a college degree or proficiency in a foreign language to apply.
BA in Film and Television StudiesI write about movies. Breddy fun. I'm doing an Honors year next year tooFuck knows what I'm gonna do for a job but I'll cross that bridge when I come to it
RANK THESE OPTIONSpsychologybiologynutritional scienceWhich is the best, which is the hardest?
not contributing to the world at all, but only in a negative way, fucking around with money to give the 1% more power
 I don't think you quite understand what an actuary does.
Maybe not but I instinctively rage at anything finance related because im a hippie with a physics/math degree, it's a hard life. All finance shit is the same being a corporate bitch
Whichever has the most women in the program is easiest. Whichever has the most men will have the higher average salary. You can literally apply this to any major.muh gender pay gap
 tfw BS neuroscience  tfw no jobs unless PhD
Nursing student here.Why not go for nurse practitioner? Or one with less pt interaction like the OR?
tfw sociologyWe still have a lower rate of unemployment within two years of graduation than any other social science major, so it's not THAT useless.On top of that, most people who major in this are complete dumbasses, which puts you ahead of the curve if you have any semblance of intelligence.
English & American Literature w/ Creative Writing.
i like english language but i chose international business instead because i'll have to feed a family
anything other than STEM is useless
do you enjoy it?
Accounting major here, it's useless for me because I can't talk to people which is all that matters in accounting.
Yeah, it's great. Job prospects though? Worrying.
anything other than computer science, engineering and finance mathematics is uselessfixed
Not all colleges are equal. Should have gone to a better school. Just because you're summa at Shitstain U doesn't mean you're worth hiring.
how much do you make
If English teachers didn't give you the ability to think rational abstract thoughts or even understand them, you'd be hopelessly lost and unteachableEvery profession has its uses
i'll have to feed a familyreeeee
English and Cultural studies here. If I want a job I'll my parents will have to fork out at least another 1500.
Undergrad in psych and masters in creative writingJ U S T
Not too far off. My school didn't do shit to help me get a good certification when it would have been easier, and the degree is nothing without one or three of those.Amounts to the same thing though. Went through a lot of effort to find a specific program for computer forensics, yet useless degree is useless.
Can anyone justify "social science" degrees? I'm getting a MA in one, and I feel like complete shit every time I see one of these threads.
Biology is the hardest, and only good if you want to go to med school or something like that. Not sure about nutritional science. Im a psychology major now, its really interesting and pretty easy, but not much you can do with just undergrad. I plan to go on to Law School or do post grad psychology work
Nothing is more useless than a degree in a field you've slowly grown to have a seething rage for.I should've done something like Digital design instead of fucking IT.Fuck IT. I hope it all gets automated so I can laugh at that shitty professor I had to suffer under for 4 fucking years.
General/Digital IllustrationCertainly not guaranteed a job, but many people who have completed the course in my uni have found work through their illustration work afterwards. So I have hope.
Art History and minor in Studio Ceramics!Going back for Computer Science soon.
yes
music majorJUST
Master of Arts in Social Sciences work and organizational psychology
chemistry
what kind of degree you wantjust fuck my life up
MusicI don't even like music anymoreKill me
computer sciencejust fucking kill me
They do this :Actuarial science is the discipline that applies mathematical and statistical methods to assess risk in insurance, finance and other industries and professions. Actuaries are professionals who are qualified in this field through education and experience.
Actually robots are getting better and better at that stuff so someday everything will be overThe progress in arts is slower
I have an art degree.It was useless but I may have a tv show soon.so there is that.
I think it's between psych and nutritional sci really. I hear that being a biologist sucks and from what I hear so does being a doctor I mean for me, it's a very cool profession and I respect people that go through with it but I wouldn't be able to make it and then work 12 hours a day, a stressful job. Leaning towards nutritional sci. Fuark I'm liking this option more and more. I already am very interested in it as an armchair fitizen and almost all of my psychological problems stemmed from being overweight and being insecure about it also bullied ;_; My father is a fat fuck, my mother is falling apart because of not eating enough both mentally and physically, eating healthy is just such an important thing in life.Sorry this is irrelevant just organizing my thoughts here.kekWhat do you guys do? I'm clueless. I can play shitty acoustic songs all day and be happy as fuck, but I played piano for 8 years and know that it can be very hard and frustrating even at my level
I have a masters in English lit. I'm a senior software engineer now. Luckily i taught myself programming when i was grad school. Just lie on your resume. Employers never verify your education.
question about the comic, what does the jew get out of doing this? can someone from pol explain
Going to major in biology with a minor in chemI want to be a teacherHave I fucked my shit up yet?
The denigration of societywanting to be a teacherI want to be one too but I know it's garbage. Teachers aren't respected anymore. It's hard to feel passionate about something when you know you're not as valued as you should be.
Is it really that bad? I've seen a lot of job postings looking for recent comp sci graduates....and I have an English degree and am about to start school in fall to get a Comp Sci degree myself. Is this a bad idea?
What do you guys do? I'm clueless.put in hundreds of hours of practice for what amounts to hardly any noticeable growth. it's a Sisyphean task. very little reward. i'd rather just be a code monkey and come home and play shitty overpriced video games at this point in my life.
tfw 19 and thinking about going to college soondont know what to takedont want to end up with a useless degree and in debtseems like its 50/50 to actually get a job once you get a degreew-what doi suck at math
I'm assuming you've never done an apprenticeship before because its nothing like that.
Starting Biology in september after staying 2 years in some other degree.Man being a teacher is the last thing i want to be. I'd like a job in the local aquarium/zoo, wild life rescue center or something like that.I know it's impossible but whatever...
Yeah that's what I suspected. People are always like "OMG MUSIC IS LITERALLY MY LIFE I WANT TO JUST LIKE MAKE MUSIC U KNO YOUR SO LUCKY" but they don't know shit about how fucking hard it is to play a 3 second segment over and over again, then the next one. Your back gets fucked up, your eyes are dizzy, there's a beehive in your head and by the end you didn't make any progress and your fingers tangle up still or you still don't like how you play it. And as I said, that was the experience with my basic stuff, I can't imagine how hard it must be to do what you guys do.But then again, when you get something just right and you're into it it can be cathartic and no engineering or programming will give you that. Better than orgasming and some drugs tbh
Really really depends on your own unique situation. I honestly can't say much, but if you don't want to end up with a useless degree or are worrying about a job, try majoring in business then? My university's business school has a 97% employment rate within 3 months after graduation, although I'm sure the numbers aren't as clean as they seem. Engineering is good too, but as you said, you suck at math.
what are your natural aptitudes?try this out:
Is this bait? You sit there and type numbers into a computer.
Social Science bullshit, I quit because it was costing me a shitload of money and I was going to the second worst rated university in the country to get a useless degree in a program that at the time was being heavily criticised for just being all round very poorly put together.I was passing, but I noticed that things seemed a little weird, like what I was learning wasn't actually an indepth history and practice of anthropology, but some kind of watered down human resources approach to it.Big waste of time and money.
political scienceexcept I actually have a job and all my friends from the program have jobs too, so I guess im in the wrong thread :^
Fuck college.
what kind of jobs do you get with a major in polsci?
I work for the government, there a lot of positions on usajobs.gov if you live near a bigger city. Most of my friends either do that or got an office job. Pretty easy to get into finance too if you took more statistics classes or economics, which I minored in because it overlaps a lot.
There won't be a bridge to cross.It isn't as bad if you're teaching in a good all white school district or if you're in a private school. Teaching isn't really a respected profession because it doesn't mean loads of cash, but it is more socially respectable than blue collar work even though some trades can make huge amounts of money.Just go into a trade instead. You'll make good money, doesn't involve much math, and you won't be 4everindebt.
English teachers are part of the reason I stopped reading tbh
Just go into a trade instead. You'll make good money, doesn't involve much math, and you won't be 4everindebt.meant for 
go to uni to do illustrationpeople doing pharmacy and stuff judge mespend four years working on skills after I finish uniland concept artist job after much hard workwork my way up a bitnow doing what I love for a good salary meanwhile suits do menial jobs they don't like for the same amount of moneykek
, 
get hungry while eatingRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
All these Redditors need to fuck off instead of trying to start a shitty thread for "muh upvotes".
tfw futas will never be real
implying that's futalurk more, faggot
They already arePassable traps are the future, and they're only getting more feminine
Futas don't need to have pussies you fucking sperg.And it just looks fucking dumb when they do. Kill yourself.
being this wrong
futanari as defined by /d/ are girls with dicks but no balls. If it has balls, it's a trap or boipussy or fuckboi.
tfw futa mommies will never be real
Then explain
another futa thread arguing about semanticsfuck offbuy a dictionaryand get another fetish
The same futas/traps/fuckboi you fap to, yet ironically the 'real life' equivalents are bullied like they're less than human.
Why do futas always look like they're enjoying it so much?No expression/no sound/ninja jerk is where it's at.
aren't futas basically just shemales?
Real life shemales are ugly.
You're a fucking idiot. Traps and fuckbois are men with tits. Futa are females with tits.traps = ugly affuta = not ugly af
this and also crazy af, I'll stick to my doujins where futas are born biologically and for some reason like to make men wear girl clothes
We need a word for fictional girls that are born with a dick and balls no pussy and have no desire to cut their dick off so as to distinguish them from trannies.
real/unreal dichotomy will vanish as VR and AI progressessoon futas will be as real as you
tfw no futa android gf that can increase her girth while she's inside of me
Not missing out on the technological advancements just around the corner is my prime reason for living a sensible and healthy lifestyle tbh. We're so close to engineering paradise that perishing just beyond its reach would be terrible.
I want my girls with real dicks thank you very much, not that fake shit.
As I said, real/fake will become a meaningless dichotomy since there will be no proper way to distinguish between the two. "Realness" is a silly demand in itself when you think about it. When perfect artificial tits will be available that are indistinguishable from perfect real tits, what does it matter? Caring about realness is essentially caring about being lucky. It's like preferring to randomly attempt to pick your favourite food from the menu with your eyes closed with a 95% chance that you will fuck up or just ordering what you want.
*to just ordering what you want
Dick girls: yes.Giant dick girls: no.They should have beautiful normal sized dicks.
Should we tell him?


I feel your pain Anon. FutasLiterally the best of both Worlds
Fucking this. Massive dicks are a total turn off.
you will never be a futa's childhood friendyou will never be a high school with a futa bully
I looked at/watched futa neeearly exclusively from probably 11-18. My sexuality is so fucked up. I'm not attracted to guys but pussies are disgusting compared to a nice penis. At least in my mind..
tripsWhen I don't look at futa-on-trap porn for a long time and I'm around a girl who's attractive I start thinking about sex with them. It's such a basic fetish yet it's completely surreal to our thought process.
futas suddenly become a real thingWho else faps almost exclusively to futa but is also /cognitivedissonance/ here and would kill themselves out of horror?
Assuming a "real" one is literally just a female in every observable way except has a dick, maybe not.
Horror? A cute girl with a dick is literally perfect.
Not missing out on the technological advancements just around the corner is my prime reason for living a sensible and healthy lifestyle tbh. We're so close to engineering paradise that perishing just beyond its reach would be terrible.Your utopia will be beautiful indeed, Anon.
I'm definitely sexually attracted to women. I even think about giving them the ol' lickaroo significant because, to me, it's the most intimate form of pleasuring Except I've never been horny when in a sexual situation. I think my anxiety prohibits it. I don't even necessarily feel anxious though, just awkward and completely flaccid.Porn is the only way I can just sit and just get/have a boner. If I'm with a person I feel too awkward and distracted.
tfw no good pron of futas fucking twinksalways brazilian trannies with ridiculous implants floundering on some hairy dude that wont shut the fuck up
I even think about giving them the ol' lickarooMeant to say occasionally. When I'm really horny.I mostly just think about making people feel good because I just want somebody to love me.
tfw I'll never be a cute futa with big boobstfw I'll never fuck a cute boy in his boipussyWhy even live.
a-are you cute?
brazilian trannies with ridiculous implantsYeah that's a shame... they have nice dicks though.
I get anxious even at the concept of someone getting attached to me, but probably because I dropped acid and it made life pretty terrifying afterwards. Every time I fap I praise god that I don't have to interact with a person to cum.this shit drives me up the fucking wall
n-not really ;_;
tfw no tightly circumcised futa gf
CircumcisedWorst taste.
circumcisedFuck why? Foreskin makes a dick 10x more cute.
mutilating your perfect futa gfno
iktf
not wanting a futa gf that gets a cute little pinch of pain when she erects
wanting your futa gf to feel painnot wanting the only pain to be yours when she plows your asshole
dry, shriveled, scarred stick with no sensitivity
Does it actually hurt cutfags to get erect? Besides, if your futa gf didn't have foreskin you couldn't even stick you tongue inside it and give it a swirl.
it is a good pain
That's pretty gay, bro. Balls are touching.
Hourly reminder that I had 2 poopoo
Haha yea hunny
Where is pee pee?
POST CELEB WAIFUPIC RELATED: IT'S MINE
claimed
mfw she looks like an uglier version of my ex gf, but with a wider nose and a toothier smile
if i dont get a job by the 15th of this month my parents are going to kick me outtheyre getting pressured by my grandparents and they said theyre serious this timei really dont know what im supposed to do
Why do your grandparents matter in this scenario?
I'd think getting a job might be a good thing to do
Find your local mcdonalds
Tell them that you will kill yourself if they do that.
the neet luxury life:^
apply for jobs. put on a fake-ass persona and look for a place with a very rigid work environment that won't require you to socialize.Do you have a suit? If not, and you'll need one for your job interview, buy a fairly cheap one from Jos A Bank or JCPenney or something.Be confident, even if you're not. Fake it 'til you make it works pretty well in the professional world. You honestly should be able to get a job if you're somewhat ok looking for a robot and you can kinda make conversation. Worst case scenario, practice in front of a mirror, and be polite.Watch interview help videos, the internet is at your fingertips, and it's covered in useful information for you.There's a lot of things you can do to help yourself, robot, but remember, do what you want to do for you. After all, nothing really matters.
apply for jobs
They're bluffing.
It might take you a few weeks to get an interview.Fill out A LOT of applications and save the completion screen to show your parents. They are heartless bastards if they kick you out even when you are trying your hardest.
because they rent the house that we live in out to my parents for freeive applied to all the fast food restaurants within a few miles from here. i have to use a bicycle to get around so its hard to find stuff thats close
When you have to start collecting cans our of the garbage for money, stay the fuck away from my house. I'm tired of you homeless fucking rummaging through my trash. I'm considering booby trapping it.
I forgive you. You can move on without regrets.
This. What every NEET needs to do is to lift and bulk up. Then when they bluff you can be confident enough to say "alright c u" and go innawoods for a day or two. This gets most mommys to break down and beg you to come back. Remember to bring your phone or get a cheap one if you don't have one and leave it off for a while. Then turn it on and call your mommy when you're ready to go home again.Also flaunt your mental illness or make one up to blame your NEET life on.
My parents kicked me out after I couldn't land a job. I was lucky though because I could move in with my brother.
I feel you.I have 350 days left in their basement they said. When my 22. birthday comes around I have to have my shit together and move.I have no idea what to do.Cant even get a friend, how would I know how to get a job.Or a gf.Or anything.Im going to kill myself that day.
You need to kill your grandparents.
lol being a neet sure looks fun you guys are fucking retarded no sympathy from me. enjoy your June neet
Fucking lold
live your life to the fullest until thenthen kill yourselves
you know what to do
the host finally rejects the parasite
You'd think they'd insist on your parents getting a job..
Anon, don't give up like that. 350 days is MORE than enough time to learn to fix yourself.Are you obese? Unattractive? No sense of style? You can lose weight in 350 days, you can fix your face and hair in 350 days, and you sure as hell can learn to shop for clothes in 350 days.If you look new, despite not being new, you'll get a hell of a lot more attention from normies. All you have left to do is pretend. Pretend until you're not pretending anymore.If you practice your social skills enough, you should be able to get some shitty job and a place to stay and move up from there. Don't kill yourself anon. Start working now and make your goals happen.This life is probably all we've got. Good luck, anon. this may not get you to change, but I hope it does, for your sake
Quads on literally my first post after a week long ban, that's a good feel m8s
some shitty job -- place to stayMore like shitty job while still living in my parents house. That sounds like hell.
what was ur ban for
his ban was for being a shitposting faggot, how else do you get banned for a week
got a job in a similar situation like thisall I could get due to my background as far as schooling wentworking retail part timeBefore I got this job I was turning in/repeating at least 10 applications a day on sites like monster and snagajob because everyone is fucking online now, no talking to a manager instore, no nothing.Now I make just enough money to live on, STILL can't move out because I don't make enough for rent anywhere subpar, and I'm basically stuck in the same NEET rut although working a few days a week, I just happen to have some pocket change.It's a living, I guess.
mfw this is every NEETs worst nightmaremfw this is probly karma for all the wageslave shitposting
OP suicide bomb an office building when you go out. Might as well do something useful with your death.
Go to the nearest ER, tell them you can't sleep and nothing interests you anymore and you want to kill yourself and have plans to kill yourselfSpend three-five days doing a mental eval in a ward/rehab placeApply for SSI Tell parents and grandparents to fuck off and that they are terrible people.
I made a thread on cgl offering $1000 to lose my virginity kek
TREAT THEM WITH SUICIDE FFS
Trips confirm
friendly reminder neetscum that this can happen to any of you at any time. your beta parents will only support your manchild asses for so long. sleep tight
It won't happen for the majority for a long time. How does it feel to know that you decide to be a slave because you're a coward afraid of turmoil?
afraid of turmoildo you know what irony is?
bump
Juss fake it bruhfuck off m80 not op but that's not good advice.
nobody cares about your opinion buddy
He either fakes it or he's gonna be out on his ass
Chad next door neighbor went to jail for 5 years for assault and dealing drugshe came back home last year and has been living with his familyafter a month of being back home he had his own car and a jobhis parents talk about how they're trying to help him get back into societycan hear the faggot revving the engine of his shitty Camaro at 3am on most nights after he comes back from partieshe's also 2 years younger than me Meanwhileask parents to help me find a job with their connections because no one is replying after sending nearly a hundred applications "no you have to do this yourself"can't have a car either so I have to look for jobs in a very small radiussuccumbing sister gets to take a car to college where she takes 3 classes a semester and parties everyday The difference between parents who love a son no matter what mistakes he's made and parents who don't give a fuck about a son even though he's been quiet and trouble free his whole life
Fucked up anon, I'm sorry
I'm in a similar situationdad's gold digger hispanic gf says I have one month to get a job or there will be "consequences"consequences are most likely her taking my shit that I paid for with my own moneybut the thing is i'm going through a program to help me get a job and she won't leave me the fuck alone to go through with it
Does she work?
yes waitressing kek
all parents need to do this. purposely supporting a tapeworm for 30 years is ultra cuckery
season of summer jobsteenage chads and stacies are grabbing all the no experience required jobsillegal immigrants that live 10 to a bedroom and carpool are grabbing all the manual labor jobsparents berate daily you even though you've been sending out 10-15 applications a day for 2 months
Tell me everything about her please /r9k/. I think I've found a new waifu.
hardcore sjwfeministbody acceptance pusherlikes dr. who and tumblrthinks unattractive & average men are all rapistsquestionable whether she is underage or notall i know about her
hardcore sjwI heard she's sort of turned now. But that wasn't before right? She definitely used to visit /v/ and maybe some others.
, 
Misandrist here. Why getting a girlfriend? better get a doll!We all know the only things men like about women are their tits and asses. Men hate everything else about feminity. With a doll, you have permanent sex with a perfect body: No celulitis, no fat, no flat chest, no saggy tits, no flat ass, no sketch marks, etc, and no all these things men hate about real women. MOst women wont have the perfect body all their lifes. Most women don't have a body like the doll's one. And... you don't have to lose time going out with here or faking love for your final goal.
The problem is the good ones are way too expensive.
2000 UDS.
How much money will you spend with a wife? I thing they are not expensive
think
within 12 minutes of this status being posted the girl in question has an offer of a roomHow long would it have taken if the person mentioned had been male or gender unspecified?
How long would it have taken if the person mentioned had been male or gender unspecified?12 months, unless the guy looks like Chad Pratt or Chad Hemsworth
People tend to respect travellers and find them interesting people, even though we're not. I got free rooms easy and I'm a 5"9 man. Most offers were from men.
I have a guy from r9k living in my spare bedroom for the summer. I think it says more about community than about gender. The girl in question is probably popular/has friends who trust and care for her, so it's easy for her to outsource a favor. Personally, I feel like r9k is the closest thing to a community I have. So when I found out this robot dude needed a place to stay, I offered my room.
you gonna get raped dot jaypeg
He's been with me for a month and we haven't so much as hugged. I think I'll be alright.
you will never be a woman taking dick for free everything
lying this hardWe know he pays you with his body
I get to write fiction for a living, and recently met a domme who is willing to see me on a regular basis.I don't make much money, but I thought I was happy for a while, now, I dunno, I just can't seem to get into it.This isn't what I expected when I was a kid, I guess I thought I'd end up being rich and famous with a dozen girls wrapped around my finger, but somehow, its just not satisfying, its like I need more.This may sound stupid, but when I was a kid, I dreamed about being a great leader, a dictator like Joseph Stalin or Adolph Hitler. Those dreams faded, but I still wanted to be somebody important, like Henry Ford or one of the Wright Brothers..I just can't see that happening anymore.Is this it? Is this all life has to offer?
you're living well, but keep pushing if you are so ego driven. maybe u could be a leading writer in a field
many ppl get their fame late in life too
I get to write fiction for a living,explain your publishing methods
Explain your writing job.
, 
Who /likes classy women/ here?tfw no old-fashioned girlfriend
I too like black and white women. Call me racist, but I prefer the white ones personally
Classy women existing in modern western society.Anon....I am sorry. They no longer exist. All women are sluts now.
Nah I don't think so.
Should unmarried women over 40 be allowed to live? They're fucking useless.
so are we
Can use us for slave manual labor.Can use for breeding if there is no one left.Useless.Good luck using 40+ women for those things.
40+ year-old men can still get shit down and contribute to society while women can't do shit.
I was cucked in my own dream.Feel free to share you most recent dreams, also if anyone wants to explain/psychoanalyzewhat my dream is about, feel free.training in Muay Thai by kicking down a bunch of banana treego home, which is right next door to Thailand apparentlymeet a random qt Asian girl onlinemeet her at a shopping mall before going to the moviewalk into a convenience store to buy some beera group of manlets are in the back, she recognizes one of themI don't actually hear any words in my dream but can still understand the intent, it's like "oh heeyyyyyy I haven't seen you in forever, I'm going to the movies with this guy Anon here, you should come"I want to object but before I can we're in the movie theaterShe "tells" me, again without words, to save us some seats by the middle while she catches up with her manlet friend in the back.....I guessmovie startsmovie is pretty self-aware or a parody or something because it goes LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS IS THE PART WHERE YOU RECEIVE OR GIVE OUT HANDJOBSsure enough, everyone but me immediately starts to get a handjob, even random guys that our just out with other random guy friends"ah fuck this is bullshit, and she's still in the back with him, I'm going to kick his ass"walk towards the backthey're goneFUCKleave the movie theatre and start to walk homehalfway through, decide "NO, I'M GETTING MY REVENGE"start walking back to the movie theatre, which is apparently now in a ski resort up a snowy mountaina whole parade of former friends and family members show up to support me"GUYS give me some space please"As I approach the movie theatre, realise that my mouth is full of blue plastic bits that I have a hard time spitting outget back in the movie threatre, check the washroomswashrooms are those single-occupancy ones you'd find in small restaurants or somethingcont
cucked in my own dreamanon that's called a nightmare
hear them fuckingeventually manlet rolls out of the washroom, which is now a locker, and he runs off before I can do anythingAsian qt is now chunkier and also black-ish and has tattoos on her shoulderYell FUCK YOU to herShe replies, "well, do you have a number?"look around, line of people waiting to fuck herlook in my my hand, number ???"Oh yeah here""Well then let's go"She bends over, I pull my dick out, I'm pressing up on her and about to just put the tip in"No.... you know what? I'd rather have integrity" I give her a sort of pat/slap on the back and put my dick away and walk offPeople cheernot sure if they're cheering for me or because the line to fuck her/washroom got shorter.
In my parent's old bathroom IRL the bathroom was demolished for an extensionI'm in my underwear, grinding my crotch against this sub-4'10" girl whom I used to work withShe asks me if I love herI pause, and then honestly answer, "No"She says in a sad tone, "I guess we were never that close" we weren't; we barely even chit-chattedI'm walking through a hilly garden bordered by a white picket fence, with her in my armsThere are beds all around usI lay her down in one of the beds, turn 180 degrees and walk towards a bungalow on the edge of the garden
all 5 times I can remember dreaming of my waifu, the dream's about me watching from an outside spectator's view as she does romantic things with someone else
tfw you keep wanking to cuck porn and imagining your childhood crushes cucking youtfw you know you're playing right into the Jew's handsI just want to die pure.
That's fairly romantic

Convenient thread, I just had the most vivid dream in years.I'm with a bunch of people I know, going to play soccer for no reasonSoccer field is at the bottom of a hill, we all run down towards itJust before getting to the field we fall into a pond that came out of fucking nowhereEveryone is laughing, playing with the water and shitSuddenly a dense mist covers the pond, noises start getting lowerLook at my side, my friend is looking at me with dead eyes, he is drowning in the muddy shore, only the head sticks outAsk him if he is OK, grab his arm and pull him out.Look around, everyone has dissapeared, it's only me and my friend alone in the misty pond.Turn my head towards friend, he suddenly dissipates into the airI'm now aware that I'm actually dead and this pond is where I will spend eternity, alone. Start getting terrifiedI realize I'm dreaming and decide my friends have to come back, everyone reappears and all is goodwake up
try to make a some contact with the only descent girl I know she seems kinda interested at first do stupid shit, fail miserably fiancé cheats on her sits without anyone for a whilestarts dating ironic weaboodesu desu, am I cute girls~ that she is madly in love now weaboo treats her like shit I’m literally worse than a weaboo. Jesus Christ, that’s a new low. It’s the first time in my life I want physically harm myself. What the fuck am I
I just seen the dude has evangelion in likes why
who /gets pushed around all the time but too beta to stand up for themselves/ here?
If anything, I'm the total opposite. I'm like a powderkeg filled with years of bullshit from other people that has to try with all its strength to not go off with the smallest slight. I have absolutely zero tolerance for bullshit at this point and I'm not even remotely afraid to let everyone know it.
nobody asks for you GET OUT

get shit hair cut"is that ok, sir?"y-yes th-thank youpayleavego home and sulkEvery fucking time
Any robots here use tinder? Can you share some of your experiences?I think I'm going to make one. Pic related is me. Think I can find a shy clingy qt that wants me to nibble on her earlobe, or wants to nibble on mine?I'm having a tough time getting a smile that looks genuine.
About a week ago there was a slightly similar thread here. The guy said the single most important thing about Tinder is getting a good pic, and for that, you have to smile with your eyes.That's what I've been working on most. I don't think I've gotten far though. I've done some research and it's called the duchenne smile, accomplished by slightly squinting your eyes while flashing your teeth and some other stuff.I figure most of the people here either don't smile much, or at least for a period of their life didn't smile much, and would be best suited for helping me.
queenwhore is finally kill
source or you're bullshitting
whats with her face?
*Yawwwwwwn*Hey, I didn't see you there, vaginaslave! Did your gf let you use the computer again? Oh, what's that? She wants to go see that boring chick flick with you? That's too bad, gotta go so maybe she'll give you sex tonight. Well, she'll lay there like a dead fish the whole time but sex is sex, right?Don't mind me, I'll just be enjoying my hobbies and using my free time as I see fit. with no woman around to please, I get to keep both my time AND my hard earned money for myself. Do you even remember what your hobbies were?Too bad you'll have to spend another sunday being dragged through clothing shops instead of doing what you actually desire, and improving yourself and maybe even society in the process.But the sex is totally worth it right, vagcuck? Well, you go ahead and continue being a slave to vagina, I'll be here enjoying life as a free man.
I DICTATE THE SEX HERE
Tiddley ho vagcuck~
who else /friendless/ here? that crushing feel you have no one to trust or talk with and they genuinely enjoy your company that crushing feel when you see people outside together, happy, playing games and just hanging out that crushing feel when everyone you used to call "friend" has abandoned you that crushing feel when absolutely no one wants to spend time with you unless they need something from youit's worse than no gfthe lack of friendship kills me every dayhold me robots
I am. I haven't had any friends since I left school.
I'll be your friend if you promise not to fall in love with me and sperg out when I don't want to date you
You can talk to me and trust meThey're normiesProbably weren't your friends if they won't ever meet you halfwayI know this feel, and I don't even have anything to offer most people
Better no friends than low quality ones. I broke off a decade long relationship my only friend really with a normie just a month ago. Feels awesome, man.
met some people recently. they add me as friends on facebook.I thought we were friends, I threat them as my only and best friends but they don't text me unless I text them. they just don't invite me to their party, I know there was a party becasue I read facebook.I try to make friendsnow I feel like I am invisible, this is worse than being /friendless/
me i am boring and unrelatable and useless
and internet friends just aren't the same, as much as I like chatting with decent people, I need that physical interaction, going somewhere, hiking, riding bikes or whatever the fuck you can do in real life
You can just meet your internet friends irl.
not if they live across the oceanbesides, it's tough to survive as a NEET whose mom gives him 30 euros a month at best
i consider my co-workers my friendsbut no one calls me or sends me messages or anything, i don't really have friends.its very surreal. people don't know how alone you are, like you're holding some dark secret or something.
I've learned to cope with this feel after almost 6 years of no friends. One day you will too.
I had about 3 real good friends while in college after having none in HS.I had to move and am back to 0. It is way worse than tfw no gf. The only people Ive talked to for months have been mcdonalds drive through workers and my grandmother.
I literally never had friends.Was too autistic in kindrgarten.Was bullied in middle schoolHardcore misanthrope in High SchoolNever had any friends
This. It happened 5 times to me. Can't people be friends without thinking about having sex? I just want to go out and eat. What the fuck. It even happened while I was dating someone else. They get offended and stop talking to you.
Get used to it buddy. I'm coming to accept that I will never have friends in the traditional normie sense. Honestly most people don't have true friends, as in an actual emotional connection. Most normies just have superficial friends who use each other to get what they want.If you want to be ''friends'' with people you have to have something you can give them. and that's why I don't play the stupid social game. 90% of people are inherently selfish and they don't care about you. It's kinda comfy when you realise that and you can withdraw from everything emotionally. I kjnd of feel invincible sometimes.
Best steam friend, who has bpd, removed and blocked me. I miss him. I loved him, but not in a gay way. Way better than any reallife relationship.
The worst thing for me is that my computer broke like a month ago.Been watching tv like 10 hours a day.I feel really bad, have no idea why i cant make social connections with people im not even that autistic.
yeah. I feel that way a lot.I just can't be friends with someone who doesn't love rock and roll. Its weird, its like the most important thing to me in my life, and I hardly ever talk about it with anybody.I feel like the only people who really understand me are all those rockstars who sung about love and glory back in the day.Now they are all a bunch of washed out hipster sellouts, I wouldn't touch them with a ten foot pole.Nobody understands me.Nobody.
Its weird, cause I'm not like a rocker dude. Its just that music moves something deep inside my soul, it makes me feel angry and alive.
have a lot of friends that I talk with in classextremely rarely do anything with them besides play league
I had a lot of friends back in grade school and middle school, but none now.I'm not sure if it's unusual, but I don't feel a need for a girlfriend at all and I'm perfectly fine being alone in that regard.I suppose the above has also dulled my want for real friends, so it's not too much of a bother especially since I know that I'm difficult to deal with, but I sometimes feel concerned that I have no one to shamelessly talk to.
I am /friendless/ as well when Co worker both male and female come to our "room" they mostly talk and care about her, they barely talk to me or care. It's hard to explain. And I don't have close friends.
If you're female, fuck off.
This is exactly what the skype thread is for.
I have friends but they're not close friendsyet
If a key opens many locks, it's a master key. If a lock is opened by many keys, it's a shitty lock
faggot
a key is wielded by a sentient force, who enforces will upon an inanimate locka lock has no choice but to open to keys which fitturns out you're a misogynist
It s true though. For a man to have sex with alot of women he needs to be charming, dominant, extroverted, good looking, well groomed, and social. A women just has to exist even fat/ugly women can fuck alot of black dudes
It's more that keys have to put in effort to unlock a lock. Any time a lock wants a key in it they can just walk out, ask a key, and lie there like a limp fish. It's being a good hunter vs having access to all the McDonald's and pastries you want.
what about a padlock or bike chain?
Fedorable.
Buzzwords don't detract from the truth of the as serrations.
The only truth is that you want to be a fucking degenerate and then look down on others who do the same.
nice meme threadepic responses too
What's degeneracy got to do with it? Men have to be great and work hard for sex. If you're a woman who's had a lot of sex all you did was literally open your legs.You are therefore no contest for an actual good man not worth his time.This is besides the obvious fact of why work for something that they give away for free?
because you have to work hard it's admiral to do
Did I mention anything admirable about it? At least the man would have to have good traits to pull it off but the woman could be absolutely repugnant.Basically men can retain their value while having lots of sex. Women can't.
i'm fedoring so hard right now
tips cuck
A pencil sharpener that sharpens many pencils is a good and useful sharpener. A pencil that has been sharpened by many sharpeners is just a lame little used-up nub.
People in general don't particularly respect male promiscuity, they just recognize it's actually hard to do unlike female promiscuity. It's only sluts who try to push the narrative that everyone is idolizing "players" because male promiscuity makes their vaginas tingle and they want men to feel the same way about them.
marrying a woman who has had another man's cum in her mouth
having sex with ugly/fat women is hard
Basically men can retain their value while having lots of sex.That's wrong though. If you have a problem with whores then you can't not have the same criticism for men having lots of sex because "hurr durr it's hard"
do you really think it is easier for men to get sex than women, what planet are you from
implying that's a good counter analogyimplying equating a woman's sexual experience to her worth as a person isn't the real problem with the analogySo a pencil sharpener that doesn't sharpen pencils is a worthless waste of space, got it
holy shit! Spread this, spread this!!!!mfw girls start to believe this and go out virgin hunting for virgin dicks
not passing your girl around to friends and guests like the cumdump fuckslave she is
implying equating a woman's sexual experience to her worth as a person isn't the real problem with the analogyFunny, that's the same problem with the key-lock analogy. Weird, huh???
But I don't want to be degenerate. I've been 3 people, the last is now my wife. But you should at least understand WHY the key lock shit is the way it is. It's a cause effect relationship and you won't change the effect, seeing sluts as sluts and players as cool, without changing the cause.
xDD le fedora meme so funny I'm so above you nerds xDDcan't wait to post this ownage on reddit :DDD
kek'd and chek'd
I defend sluts on the internet
Please you fucking slut, shut the hell up
My door's lock can be opened by many keys. I have one, my gf, my roommate and her gf, my best friend, my roommates aunt since she's the landlord. Its a good lock, held up for years. On the flipside, if we cut a key and it can't open the lock, its a shitty key. If you have a key that opens no locks, you throw it away, because it is literally useless trash.
If you have a key that opens no locks, you throw it away, because it is literally useless trash.
sluts go through life thinking getting laid as a woman is an accomplishmentshe suddenly realizes that every male below an 8 would fuck them immediately with 0 effort on her partrealizes she's a slut, and a cheap one at thattries to make peace with this fact by comparing herself with "male sluts" players as if they are in any way comparablewhen VR takes off not even desperate betas will settle for her roast beef vaginamfw
nah, if a key opens no regular locks it's obviously meant for something greater, it's a fucking master key that will only open something worthy enough.
/thread
No one relatively sane likes used goods, it's basic male psychology.Now stop with the mental gymnastics to justify you being a whore, whore.
Implying that doesn't work the other around
Does anyone remember when the Fedora meme was used solely against Internet Militant Atheists and not against anyone that disagrees with tumblr left wing Political and social opinions?
I wish my boyfriend would do this.
Do female chubby chasers exist? Like, I see guys with 400lb women but never the other way around.
I don't want just any old whore. I need a dedicated cumslut. You have to be willing to get down on your knees for anybody you're told to.
Only if his wallet is also chubby.
Female and Males are not the same, we have different roles in society.The reason there is a surge in messed up people in societyTrannies, Violent people is because people are trying to defy are gender rolls that have been in place for 100 000 yearsSingle mothers raising sons that will overcompensate their masculinity by being extra violent or reject masculinity all together ex: trannies
I blame reddit, it's fucking ridiculous these days
Single mothers are one of the biggest causes of societies ills, just ask any serial killer.
sluthe said while defending degeneratesKill yourself.
Women are basically expected to have high standards as they're basically the ones with the keys to the kingdom when it comes to sex.Being a whore means you're easy to impress enough to let someone have sex with you. Being a stud means you're good at impressing women enough to let you have sex with them.That's just how courting works in pretty much the whole animal world. It's only male peacocks who have those massive plumes and it's also only male birds that sing, all to impress females so that they'd pick them over other male birds who are probably also singing their heart out or showing off their tail feathers.
And why is that a good thing?
Didn't say that was a good thing, just that it's how things simply are.If you're a slut you get shamed as a slut. If you're a stud you get praised as such and everyone except feminists and delusional sluts understands the difference between a slut and a stud.
Should robots wait for marriage? I know fembots are mentally fucked, but I've begun doubting the idea of qt3.14 virgin gf in any capacity. Depression killed my libido, but the need to go balls deep into willing flesh has recently become overpowering to me. Should I just go fuck some high class whore? I'm deeply conflicted here
opening a ton of shitty locks makes my key a master key
If being a slut is something to be ashamed of, then the act of having sex in such a way is also shameful, and "studs" are bad too. They shouldn't be praised because retards think fucking whores is difficult.
Fucking a literal paid whore isn't difficult but "whores" sluts will still only ride Chad/top-tier normie dick.When someone says a girl will fuck "anyone" they mean "anyone they deem acceptable", not outcasts.
So the praising degenerates is just autists wishing they could be degenerates?
Are special forces operators robots, /r9k/?Steely and Cold demeanor, won't even flinch at shit that would make a normie throw up and shit themselves Kill people without remorse Many can't function in regular society after being dischargedDifficult, if not impossible to maintain relationships because of the long deployments Only true friends are their brothers in arms
Are you happy ?
I have many of those traits but I'm really lazy and weak so I do could never make it.
Ehh... I'm in the German police special forces SEK, not GSG9I wouldn't consider myself a robot though and all of my colleagues are pretty normie too.
I feel really bad for what veterans who come back from war. They become addicted to the adrenaline. I can imagine them having trouble enjoying anything because chemically nothing touches large doses of adrenaline.

Life isn't a movie.
Dann wieso bist du hier? Undercover operations?
Literally the biggest Chads on earth
All the people I know who have ever been good at fighting/combat shit were never chads. They were usually pretty bad at social situations involving the other gender.
Why are every single one of your points assumptions?
Not censoring their faces?
Warum sollte ich das nicht sein? Darf ich keine Freizeit haben? Those who matter have a mask on. The ones without a mask are leaders but they are allowed to show their face.
Is it possible to masturbate to a crush?
Are you telling me you don't?!
I dig you OP. I can't fucking masturbate to photos of people I know. I've made creep FB accounts to do it but then I feel like they are watching me on screen and it kills my bone.
I don't understand how adults have crushes. I haven't had a crush since I was 16
I never had a crush period.Closest was just a small infatuation with a fictional character, and it didn't last long.
tfw fapped to the thought of making my crush go on her knees in the shower and piss on her face
you have easy access to a firearm, robots?If so, do you know when you'll be killing yourself? Is there some benchmark you're waiting for before taking the final plunge?
If I don't have kids by 50 I definitely will, I may change my mind on this though.No access to firearms, will OD and drown
Killing myself in a whorehouse high on coke in a few years idk
No access to guns here. If I chose to kill myself I'd go out via carbon monoxide poisoning.
i can get guns at Wal-Mart but I don't think I'd ever use a gun because I don't want somebody mopping me up. I think about suicide daily but I don't think I'll ever actually do it. Life seems to go pretty fast.
age 40 is my cut off point, by that if things stay the same as if they were, then I can say to myself "well I tried, but it just did not work out in the end".
i have a helium tank, will buy a cpap mask when i feel like it and farewall cruel world
No gun but rifle. No bullets but if I really wanna go that way should be no problem to get
tfw no easy access to a firearm
I have like 1 mil so when I spend all that or start having pain or decide I wanna do it. i'm a hasguns but I don't know if i'll use one.
Can we please have an autism general thread?The stories where robots sperg out on their parents over chicken strip baskets or some shit.Those things make my fucking day.
One time a reddit came and tried to get epic new content and  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
oh, yeah... so reddit.
How accurate is this image about NEETS? Does it lack external validity?
a-are you serious?nobody can be this stupid In case you're serious, no that's nowhere near accurate
typical wage-cuck response
This is what most neets here do daily. Some of us have depression but we fight through it and we're really supportive
But do NEETS believe they are on that type of intellectual and zen level?^what I was mainly trying to find out
wagecuckYou're projecting. I don't workYeah they think they're elite tier or some shit but if you took away the bennies they'd be clueless on how to survive
Srsly just lurk moar, jesus. It's pretty clear how neets feel about themselves
Fuck no. Most NEETS are self hating fuckwits.
"Hi big bro! Can you drive me to Jamal's house today? We're celebrating Black Friday with Daquambe and Sharkeesha. Thanks, you're the best!"
first
mfw this is actually going to happen to America soon
celebrating black fridayu wot m8?
same tbh
its friday and she's gonna hang out with blacks, how hard is it to understand man?
Who /bad driver/ here?Be meIn the cityTurn into road Oh shitOncoming trafficAll 4 lanesShitJust stopCar oncoming stopsReverse awkwardly to previous turn
Fucking kekThis is why I havent driven in 1 year and a half since the day I passed my testMy sister also passed recently, shes been in 2 crashes in a week and just today she almost crashed on the motorway into a huge lorry
how did you manage to do that
 be me  on vacation decide to rent a moped never driven one in my life  promptly crash into a wall  decide to keep trying to drive  manage to hit the brakes just in time to spare myself the agony of turning into Mercedes roadkill  tfw still have a scar on my left arm from hitting the wallYou'd think that shit would have gone away by now.
Who else hates drivers that are on their cell phone?dumb bitch behind me on her phone, notice it at a stop lightshe's swerving like the dumb fucking animal she is talking to Chadher windows are down, mine are down too since it's a muggy dayyell "GET OFF THE FUCKING PHONE" as she speeds off to either crash or have a dadless childThat'll teach her. Cars should have an electronic box in them that detects if an occupant is on the phone--if detected boom they lose their license. NOTHING MAKES ME MORE ANGRY.
in a parking lotthe lots are slanted to make each row one wayaccidentally turn into the wrong lane not realizing that it is one wayhave to awkwardly back up as this guy is trying to leave the lotHe seemed kind of pissed.Also sometimes I have to park against a curve with a section that sticks out, while there is a car behind my space, so instead of just pulling up, I have to essentially parallel park. I'm getting better at that though, I haven't been driving that long.
What if I don't know where the fuck I am going and I have to get out the GPS on my phone? What is wrong with setting that up quickly at a red light if you can't pull over?
be at 4-way stopcars stopped on adjacent streetsinch forward like I'm gonna goscrews up rotation stop inching forwardhand signal for car on my right to gohe starts goingfloor my accelerator and cut him off at the last secondblast down the street at 90mphmfw
how about you do that shit before you start the car
drivingif you can drive without having a panic attack you're a normiefucking normies get off my board REEEEEEEEEEEEE
implying that's what the dumb bitch was doing with the phone to her earI don't have a smart phone I'm not a fucking normie faggot, can't that shit announce which way to go yet? It's 2015 yet do you really need a map to get to McDonalds you dumb mother fucker?
Who /catcalling/ while driving here?
Well obviously it is helpful to go somewhere you've never been before.
robotstrying new thingskek
I've never been to Forbes, I'm glad that McDonalds is helping me find my way there.
, 
Can some anon's say "DJ McChicken" on a vocaroo? Doesn't matter who you are or how you say it, I just need a few for a mix signature. Thanks!!

post a mix first.You must have a soundcloud or whatever, right?With a name as dumb as that one I expect you to be doing footwork.
love, /bleep/.

options
on a footwork track rn lol


shit, but I did it for laughs anyway

This remix is based. What software do you use?
10/10

one's decent actually

Aw tysm, I use Ableton Live.
So I saw a thread a couple of weeks back about a guy here who took either aspirin or ibuprofen both being anti-inflammatory when he felt depressed, and it actually made him feel so much better.I have been very dysthymic for a long time now, and on top of that today I was having a lot of intrusive thoughts. I got desperate and decided to try this out.I had some ibuprofen, and within half an hour of taking it, I took my first shower in a long time, cleaned up all the clutter from my room, and I am actually laughing along with a show that I used to enjoy, while feeling pleasant and clear in my mind, my brain fog that has plagued me for way too long has totally gone.What the fuck? so I point my browser towards google and I come across some recent news articles that are suggesting there is a link between brain inflammation and depression, along with some other disorders.anyone here can delve further and attain some sources I would love that. Anyway discuss.
and there's something here about aspirin/ibuprofen
Bumping for interest.
 what is placeboYou're an idiot if you think inflammation will reduce over the course of half an hot as a result of one dose of ibuprofen.
Why is /r9k/ so filled with cutieboys?
draw a girlcall it a boyFucking weebshits.
Because fat neckbeard with autism is a meme.
I just enjoy coming here I guess
every animetrap
not recognizing subtle differences between the twoGuys' faces aren't quite as feminine. Also, they don't have breasteses
haha yea hunny I had 2 poopoo
It's not just the face though. A nice trap should have a good set of shoulders too.
Only a trve patrician and man of refined tastes and discernment is able to appreciate the differences between them.
Requesting the cutieboy aesthetic achievement please.
, 
, 
why are women so obnoxious?they can't be honest about anything ask them to describe their perfect man and they all give you the same answer using the most basic female buzzwordsthey use makeup every day to deceive menthey betray anyone if something better comes upi literally trust a dog more than any woman
ask them to describe their perfect man and they all give you the same answer using the most basic female buzzwordsbecause they are scared to say things that society shames them for admitting E.GADMITTING THATWHITE = BESTBIG DICKS = BESTRICH = BESTMUSCULAR/FACIAL AESTHETICS including nice teeth, jawline, hair, eye colorOH MY GOD YOU ARE A RACIST, LOSE WHORE & GOLD DIGGER!!!! SUPERFICIAL!!
be at 4-way stopcars stopped on adjacent streetsinch forward like I'm gonna goscrews up rotation stop inching forwardhand signal for car on my right to gohe starts goingfloor my accelerator and cut him off at the last secondblast down the street at 90mphmfw
mfw I take my sweet ass time to turn off a busy 2-lane streetsome Normie gets pissed and decides to pass me by going in the oncoming lanemfw he got hit head-on and had to go to the hospital
*Yawwwn*. Oh don't mind me, just a honest hard working normie that's enjoying a nice cold PBR after turning my work for the quarter. I'll just be here enjoying my beer and pleasurable feelings of accomplishment and the respect that I get from my supervisor and managers for being dependable and turning in solid work every quarter.Say, what's that, NEET? You say you don't know these feels? Tip top lel, stay feelcucked.
tldr
W
EnjoyPBROh, dear. It appears you've exposed yourself as a NEET who doesn't drink. Every normie knows that nobody ENJOYS PBR. Enjoying 'respect' and 'accomplishment'You seem to be a gullible NEET! Everyone knows those are copout excuses spouted out by wagecucks to convince themselves that their lives aren't the travesties that they actually are. I didn't think you'd actually fall for them!Well, my friend, it could be worse. It's obvious you are a silly, gullible, and probably very cute and naive NEET... but at least you aren't a wagecuck!
Look at this assmad wageslave. You cucks lost, remember? Your slave brothers admitted defeat to the superior NEETs. Get back to work, slave.
not enjoying the glory that is PBRYAWWWN!Mad? YAAAWN!! :
tfw receive my six monthly bonus for achieving quotastfw throw it in the piletfw the more money I have the more inertia I possess in this crazy mixed up worldWhat about you neetcucks? Who's calling the shots for you? I'm assuming you have zero control over your life.
Sorry, what's that? I was busy counting my salary. I get paid a lot, you know?
Fake Gordon Gekko please go
tfw neet can't imagine a world in which financial rewards for a job well done are a reality
Same tired shit you cucks always pull. Stay mad cucks, stay mad. Better get back to work to earn that 8 bucks an hour!
tfw neet can't visualise a job that isn't minimum wageWhat's it like being so limited?
tfw job is really hard and I can't keep up12 hour shiftsI'll be NEET soon, why live
I have the day off, pal! Me and my boss are great buddies. I'm off to the car dealership to pick up my 3rd Ferrari.
Kek'd
Saged and reported for spam.
same shit5 yawn threads a dayTip top plop
coffee before and during work, beer after work to cool off my working wagemore.
sigh...
What, are yo gonna get tanged OP?
PBRBeing a wage slave but still too poor to buy good drinks
I'm not even a NEET but these are only fun the other way around
 pbr is badYAAWWN.
I work because I need a place to go everyday. Without structure I would descend into madness.
What's the best way to dox a girl?I wouldn't mind going to prison. I was gonna kill myself anyway
idk lol
, 
Trying to decide if I should graduate college early or go for a full senior yearTalked about it with a few people but just gathering feedbackIt seems to be the right decision to graduate early butQt I really like, we've been on a couple datesSeem to be hitting it off wellAgree to pick it up next semesterHead into the summerHaven't texted her in a monthNow find out I might be leaving in 6 monthsHer opinion is super important to meCan't work up the testicular fortitude to text herAbout to make a huge life-altering decisionToo beta to text the one person whose opinion means the most to me outside of my familyIt can't be healthy to be this pathetically beta...
, 
Eh.. I'm not a NEET anymore. I will be starting my job on Monday. I will be earning $23.00 per hour. I guess my life is back on track after being a neet for 4 months.
Enjoy it you asshole
What a jobe?
dang 23/hourly is a little more than me. although with my raise next month i'll be around that.congratzz
Have fun earning money for your boss while slaving away 8 hours a day
4 months
so neet is just unemployed? i thought a neet would be a shutin or something
4 monthsWeak stuff
$23.00 per hour4 monthsmotherfucker i was a neet for like 2 years and a half and I settled for a job with a $10.00 per hour pay what the fuck is this shit
Where do you faggots find these high paying jobs?
lel.all these no job experience cucks that didn't start low and work their way uplel@noxpcucks
he's a wagecuck and proud
4 monthslel
Not in Education, Employment or Training
4 monthsIt's just like those normies complaining that they haven't had sex for 4 months.
A NEET can still go outtrue shutin is a hikikomori
Share INFP related memes and your own personal feels.
MBTI has no empirical validity. Take a real personality test like Big Five or HEXACO.
Big Five or HEXACOEven less scientific than MBTI.
INTJ here. Really like this type, didn't wish to be ENTJ, although I could spare having strong social skills.
Female rankings:INFPINTPINTJENTJENTP
My 4 favorites:ENFPINFPESFPISFP
please be a troll
I'm sorry, they don't give you ego boosts like mbti.
T
cog functions?
Are you implying I have a thinking personality type? Actually I'm INFP, with about 80-90% F on various tests I took... but as that my feeling is introverted not extroverted.Funny how people obsessed with mbti often times don't even know what the personalities mean.
they aren't even remotely similar?the results they give you are exactly the same as some of the questions they ask you. if i can answer the fucking question then i already know that about myself and the whole point of the test is to see where you score compared to other people on the same scale. mbti attempts to give understanding, ocean and hexaco are nothing more than numbers. it isn't about an ego boost you fucking retard, it is about having more substance, more explanation and actually assigning a label rather than simply being clinical.i don't believe this for a second. i'd guess that you are fucking autistic and that numbers comfort you because they don't call you mean names.
 because they don't call you mean names.That's the whole point. It doesn't call you mean names. Everybody's a wonderful person and it doesn't mention weaknesses.I have nothing against mbti, all I was trying to say it's not to be taken too serious, like some people always do in these threads.
tfw INFPtfw everyone is mean
tfw male INFPShould I end myself?
then why come into these threads?mbti absolutely mentions weaknesses, the whole fucking point is that some personalities are weak in areas that others aren't.for example:INFpcreative, smart, idealist, loner, attracted to sad things, disorganized, avoidant, can be overwhelmed by unpleasant feelings, prone to quitting, prone to feelings of loneliness, ambivalent of the rules, solitary, daydreams about people to maintain a sense of closeness, focus on fantasies, acts without planning, low self confidence, emotionally moody, can feel defective, prone to lateness, likes esoteric things, wounded at the core, feels shame, frequently losing things, prone to sadness, prone to dreaming about a rescuer, disorderly, observer, easily distracted, does not like crowds, can act without thinking, private, can feel uncomfortable around others, familiar with the darkside, hermit, more likely to support marijuana legalization, can sabotage self, likes the rain, sometimes can't control fearful thoughts, prone to crying, prone to regret, attracted to the counter culture, can be submissive, prone to feeling discouraged, frequently second guesses self, not punctual, not always prepared, can feel victimized, prone to confusion, prone to irresponsibility, can be pessimisticdon't even look hard to find them.
no, don't you fucking dare.You want to end yourself because you're a compassionate person and everybody else is an asshole? Stop kidding me, faggot.Don't end yourself, end some assholes instead.
ENxJESFJENFP tfw no qt dom gf
Hey /r9k/, if you guys are so worried about losing your virginity, why don't you fuck an older woman? They love young men and fuck like wild animals. So, why don't you have a cougar gf?
Genuine question for NEETsDo you feel bad being a NEET? I mean,sure the lifestyle is nice,but do you not feel bad about living off the money of people who work hard and contribute? I don't know,I don't think I'd feel right if I was a NEET. Do you guys feel any guilt when you collect your money?Also,what do your parents think? I know that nearly all NEETS live with their parents. Do they encourage you to get a job? Or have they just given up and accepted that you won't do anything. That's another thing,do you not feel bad having to rely on your parents so much?Just wondering,I'd feel wrong if I was a NEET,do you guys feel kinda guilty?inb4 le buttmad wageslave.
pic unrelated,I picked the wrong file...
yes because it wont last forever.
I worked hard and eventually got disabled. I put money into the system more than the average wagecuck because I am a single white male. I worked more hours and labored more than anyone else for that same reason. I put in more taxes because the government said that I don't need it because I am a white single male and those dollars belong to niggers, families and single moms.I feel no remorse for wagecucks. I was the biggest wagecuck of them all. NEETs showed me the way.
Do you think the CEOs felt guilty by simply putting the red marker over ten thousands of jobs so that him and his stock holders get more profits?NoMorals don't apply in this world.
No, because I'm on a disability pension not autism. As for the lifestyle, I hate it. If I had my health, I wouldn't want to be a wageslave, either. Id want to be self-employed. Even if I weren't sick, and decided to be neet, I wouldn't feel guilty. There are more people than jobs.
I'm NEET since I don't have a proper job, but I -do- have a decent income from it. 90% of it goes to my parents as rent, plus I do all the chores and housework since they're disabled. They've told me multiple times they only had a kid so they could have someone to take care of them when they got old. And now here we are. I'm going to kill myself when they die. Or keep their bodies in the freezer for a few years so I can keep getting their SS money.
At least your parents were honest.
do you not feel bad about living off the money of people who work hard and contributeDunno, does the queen of England?
Morals don't apply in this world.so edgy
eating pussyWhat makes a man resort to this
What a slut!
are you kidding?kiss a girls legs up to her cuntturns her on intenselylearn what she likesgets her wet so you can slide in easilyif she cums once, getting her to cum again will be so much easieryou get to grab her assher legs are wrapped around your neckher fingers are tangled in your hairwhat is wrong with you
It makes her feel good and you get to feel her yummy thighs enveloping your face
ok microdick beta you keep doing what you do best :^
average dick size but you asked for this.
Most chads eat pussy though while its betas like OP that won't
grab her assfucking how, unless it's doggy i guess. the only time i ate a girl out she was on her back. it was pretty fucking awesome when she came and her legs squeezed my head cause she was chubby and I felt like i was being smothered"b-but I swear, I'm not a virgin!"
Cant please her with your dick huh?
Having the taste and smell of that dirty part of her all over my face, getting me horny like an animal.
Gotta do what you gotta do.I never offer to eat my girlfriend out, but I will if she asks. It's only fair, considering I shove my dick down her throat at every opportunity.
Shit nigga I'll eat that ass too but only If I'm going to stick my dick in it after.
probably a small dick or inability to make her finish only using your cock
nice b8
how would you be unable to grab her ass?i've been told that I'm a good dicker. I'm just aware of female physiology, and that it feels way better to enter a woman who is horny.a girl sucks your dick before you fuck? lol what is wrong with her???
Nigga I love eatin pussy I love fuckin pUSSY I LOVE PUSSSAY
checked and of courseyou dont just eat pussy for the hell of it, you're just stirrin up the pot a little bit
I'd eat pussy just for eating.
And that's what you're making up for :.
being as much of a submissive cuck as a womanKek
not being a flaming faggot helps
pencil dick
Nothin' in the fridge.
Kek.I like it. Its probably tied to my lackluster self esteem. But I am what I am.Still a virgin technically because I cant get an erection.
not eating ass and pussyI eat my fiance out every day, eat the ass like 3 times a week. You just need to learn how to treat your woman right.
I eat my fiance out every day, eat the ass like 3 times a week. You just need to learn how to treat your woman right.
disgusting cuck
Cause this nigga wants his tongue all over a drippy wet vagina
2015not eating catsget a load of this pleb
not wanting to taste her cunt juicesishiggygyyyydigggggg x 1 x 0 x 1 = -0
tfw you will never grab that ass
tfw humans are mere cockroaches too mespend months planning and using mindgames on a mortalget bored and move onbut thats ok because theres literally millions of you roaches out there
Sametbhbhh
tfw cockroaches are mere humans too mespend months training themget bored and use them to take over townsville
All I want is to own a baby cheetah

eric nene friend
Bump
at least it isn't as bad as /tv/'s
It's still pretty awful. I was disappointed in the lack of effort.
Who /spaghetti spiller/ here. Post times where you spilled your spaghetti.
This begs the question of whether not talking to avoid spilling your spaghetti is, in fact, a from of spilling your spaghetti.
It's only spilling your linguini if people take notice.
At Noosa Sunshine Coast QueenslandGirl clocks my drivers licence when I am paying for something at some touristy store on Hastings streetTalks about how Melbourne is pretty dope and how is the weather down thereI give some neutral response withholding the spergShe ends by saying bye and enjoy your vacationI say "you too"Instantly release she obviously working so why did I say "you too" and I clearly physically cringe in the doorway in front of her before departing.This would not have happened had I never browsed those you too threads.
I literally can't stop masturbating, I used this no fap faggotry some time ago and was impossible to stay more than a day without touching my little pee peeany robot in here knows this feel?
Yep, I've gone about 4 days at the most, and I think that included a bit of edging.
attempt nofapgo week without porn/masturbationinevitably failmasturbate 4-5 times a day for next couple days.repeatIt's been going on for a year now.
I fap once every 7-9 days on average. It's alright, I live in a never ending cycle of post fap lethargy on day 1 and the urge to fuck anything that walks on day 7+. Imho just fap when you don't want a wet dream to soil your sheets, and don't use death grip. Avoid porn triggers if possible.
Don't go nofap- go lo-fap
dont you feel tempted to masturbate every time you browse /r9k/?and how can I avoid the death grip?
If I don't fap I just end up ejaculating in my sleep after the first or second night, I then have to get up and change my pajamas during the night.With the thin walls in this house my parents in the next room can hear me.
Sensual music has helped me avoid death grip.
i've got the same problem but with slightly different pacing, i can go 4-5 days without jacking off and then suddenly the urge just hits me like a ton of bricks and I end up masturbating literally 25-30 times in a 12 hour period for 3 days straight. It just becomes painful after a certain point but I just can't stop.
stop fucking going on 4chan then and surrounding yourself with constant porn and arousal
stop going on 4chan I'm more likley stop breathing
welp dont bother trying to stop fapping then
nofapyeah cause not fapping is magically going to make girls fancy you, considering youre on r9k and probably have no hobbies/jobXD
Only works for people who are addicted to porn, not masturbation. Will most likely have negative effects on you. Nofap is way overhyped and betas try to use masturbation as a scapegoat for problems such as laziness, ugliness, lack of confidence, and general faggotry.
I think I'm addicted to the dopamine and endorphins that involve jacking off.
its been almost a week since i stopped masturbating. Everytime i try to watch porn and try to fap, id think about my crush and i'd feel bad. Becuase not only i just like her, but i love her
You can't.
Ever since I hooked up with a qt3.14 I met some days ago I haven't been fapping because tomorrow she and I will probably get our asses drunk and I'm wanna drown her in my man juice
4 days in, this is the farthest I've ever made it
I always start doing wet dreams after a week and jizz in bed.That never happen when I fap like usual.
Ive never had a wet dream so Ive tried doing it in order to make it happen. Problem is I get so sensitive and it feels so good that even slight movement in my pants or going to the toilet makes me aroused and I get blue balls/stomach pains so I have to release. Last time i didnt edge at all and that still happened. I endured the pain for 2 days from when it began but it was too uncomfortable only about 1 week into nofapPS I dont beleive in the stupid lifechanging stories just want a fucking wet dream and to prove to myself that i have self control
I have the self control for no fap, but I can't maintain a streak because I keep fapping in my sleep. Not like a wet dream or something normal, but while I'm knocked out, my hand just goes to my penis and I just start furiously masturbating in my sleep. I literally cannot stop fapping. I think I need to tie my hands at night.tfw when I wake up and I've done it again
ayy self-rape in your sleep
Just wait until you get older. Your testosterone levels start to go downhill at 25. I'm almost 30 and I barely fap anymore. Sometimes I forget to fap for weeks at a time. I'm not fat btw.
There are some benefits, like if you do actually have sex I've found it helps me last longer and get bigger loads, which some women are into. That was cutting down from 2-3 times a day to 1-2 times every three or so days and I'm still going for less than 1 a week.
I had a gf who's fetish was sleep-sex and so she'd always try to get me to take naps or fall asleep first and then she'd tease me and get on and ride me and whisper lewd things while I was asleep.
Take 400 MG Saw Palmetto each day. It lowers your sex drive and also helps prevent prostate cancer, hair loss, and keeps your skin clear.
This happened to me once, but only lasted a few days. I just kept seeing her face when I tried to jerk off and I just felt bad, and stopped.
Sometimes I forget to fap for weeks at a timePerhaps you're starting to show early signs of dementia.
edgefeels goodspend many hours just edgingone day I cumcum some morecan't stop cummingfeel depleted, weak and depressedmanage to stop cumming and edge lessstart to feel bettersex drive recoversfeel hornier againmasturbate moredeluded into thinking I can just edge and not cum until a few monthscumdeluded into thinking welp just this onceI literally can't stop ejaculatingrepeat... foreverI've been seriously trying to stop masturbating for 6 years at least. Nothing worked. Its the simplest thing ever. Don't masturbate. Why can't I do this?
You have to look at edging even a little bit as failure. Don't even touch your dick, remind yourself to be minimal with touching when you pee or sit down to pee or something
You have to introduce pattern interrupts into your life. You have to avoid the same situations that lead to fapping. I've been trying for 6 months now, and it's really hard. Never gone longer than 5 days. It's so much easier not to fap during the work week, but when the weekend comes, it's impossible.Why? Because I'm a hermit. I go to work and that's it. If I'm not at work, I'm in my room. I'm hoping when I get my car in a month or two I will actually use it to go places and see things because right now I am in hell.
Crippling depression took away my erections years ago.
Crippling depression
leave your house
perpetual beta virgin who strives to set himself free from the carnal chains of vice thirth day of my no fapliving in an appartement and it's 4 a.msuddenly I hear loud feminine moans from above and a sound that resembled a loudly creaking bedOHHHHOHOHhHOHHHHHH moaned the whore in heatwoke up with a boner and the hard fact that the best I'll ever get is Chinese cartoonsLiterally why do they have to be so loud and mate like irrational beasts in the middle of the fucking night? I almost opened a hardcore porn site and crancked the volume way up so those vicious dogs would get ashamed of themselves.
tfw too busy to fapI fap once or twice a weekfeels good man
those vicious dogs
Try excercising more, I found sometimes I was chronically masturbating not due to a large sex drive but due to lack of dopamine in the brain a bit like how depressed inactive faties get icecream cravings.Also try allowing yourself to fap but try to avoid porn, I reckon excessive porn conditioning is a larger problem for a lot of people.
kek, your jealousy is palpable
be way too addictedtry merely giving up porn, without porn I only feel the wanking needs once a day if thatwill eventually try to go full no-faprelapse occasionally with porn, feelsbadman.jpg
tfw horribly addicted to porntfw I run a porn tumblr with 1000 followerstfw I catfish constantlytfw caught in personal relationships based in liestfw porn addiction is reinforced actively by catfisheestfw I realized that I am in fact the one being B8edtfw on day 4 of nofap though :
don't do nofap, do noporn. you can masturbate if you want just not excessively
tfw never really got into porn, gay and it takes forever to find something i actually think is hotI feel like a freak in modern society to not like or watch pornstill fap a lot, just to imagination or completely non-lewd pics of my oneitis
I'm one month and a week in nofap doing greati still click on the webm but i do something creative with the energy I receive instead of blowing my loadbuilding my discipline up
34 years oldfap every dayraging hard that has to be beaten downJust want to live without desire
Reminder that according to multiple studies ejaculating around 21 times a month is ideal for minimizing your prostate cancer risk.fap more, idiot.
I'm one month and a week in nofapEnjoy cancer.
fap more even if it makes you feel like shit
Yes, you should.Many, many studies have been done on masturbation and how it related to various conditions.Here's an abstract of one, you can go look for the actual study if you're into that sorta thing.
, 
class="quote"they cut it off when the black guy started talkingDixiefags confirmed for still being racistGlad we people on the west coast are civilized. We don't attack or censor blacks. We just hypnotize all women here into only wanting white guys. :
Nigger detected. Sage.
Only looks matter, then status - morality and personality do notWomen are manipulative, self centered, two faced, hypocritical, lying sluts... because they are human beings. Never put them on a pedestal, disappointment only occurs because of idealization.
tfw highschool is overtfw never got a gf once
tfw college is overtfw never got a friend once
tfw life is overtfw never got a gf once
, 
Daily reminder that once a woman rejects you once you have lost the game and should cease talking to her entirely. Also reminder to better yourself so you arn't the chump that girls never see as more than a friend.
I mean, three years ago Kevin told me he had feelings for me, and I said, "I will never like you as anything more than a friend, Kevin. If you can accept that, I hope we can remain friends."He said, after a bit of an awkward period, "Okay, I accept that. We can still be friends."It's easy to realize these things in hindsight. We were teenagers. We still ARE teenagers. It was a mistake; I said that several times in my OP. I get it. I'm plenty jaded and cynical now that this has happened. I'm fully aware that I had a role in this.I, however, don't think it was immature to think that a 13 year friendship could survive this. Naive, yes. But I always made my intentions toward him clear; I don't think it gets much clearer than, "I will never see you as anything more than a friend, Kevin." I pretty much told him I would never date him. I gave him an out, if he didn't want to be friends, and he didn't take it.Also, I did date other guys in high school; just never had a serious relationship until Mark.My god there is no hope for us
I think we already know this, but thank you anyway
I still see naive people here that don't understand thiswhy should I have to improve myself for womenbut maybe there's a chance that she might like mee!
"I will never see you as anything more than a friend, Kevin." I pretty much told him I would never date him.
and would only invite me to hang out, but not Markkek
I met a guy named "Mark." I was instantly attracted to him.Must've been wearing his best personality, right women
Your advice is lost here.This generation of beta males has already been saturated with sappy romcoms and doughy androgynous heroes like John Cusack. It will take acute spikes of existential pain to excise the beta habits.
huehue
muh looks don't matter!
Only someone this socially inept cannot fathom having a connection with someone from very early after meeting them.Take notes if you ever want to better yourself. This persons bitterness over an innocent sentence is evidence of his inability to comprehend basic social interactions. And back to work I go.
 back to workHuehueLooking back on times I thought were quick deep connections, it's just lust, based mostly on looks.

When women say they feel a spark, they really mean they feel sexual arousal.
thank god i figured that out when I didcollege would have sucked dick otherwise
this
bitterness over an innocent sentence"I was instantly attracted to him"pretty cut and dry, friend. The guy was hot. You seem to know a lot about anonymous people on a Polynesian hieroglyphics forum. Or maybe you're just pulling self-assuaging shit out of your ass :^
Become friends with a womanStart liking her as more than friends after a couple months.They have no bfAsk them out.They reject me.Cut them out of my lifeGet whiny and bitchy about it.Why can't women fuck off? I tried being their friend and that obviously didn't work because feelings become inevitable over time. This has happened 4 times now. If they reject me I make it easier for everyone and just cut contact suddenly. I am not going to stick around and destroy myself just because they want the benefits of a boyfriend without giving her male friend something in return.
class="quote"GAYHow does this apply to women. Theyre just fags.
 a couple months.too long m8
all of my co workers and I, none of us are ever going to have girlfriends. we all work graveyard, all smoke, all drink, practically misfits.when you're in a grind out phase advice is off to the side for the moment. the best i can do right now is save up until i get a better job.i could only dream of having a girlfriend! you kidding me? the thought is literally not there, i don't even fantasize about being with women anymore.probably later on in life when i'm 30. relationships are for the privileged.
select all the sandwiches.only shows burgers.
Whats the longest you gone without masturbating?How did you manage?
12 years, did pretty well.

a month, when I was back in highschool and had a crush on a girl.
beat my dick raw the other daycant masturbate or Ill bleed everywhereTrue suffering
ten days, because I actually care about my health.Any less masturbation and you're increasing your prostate cancer risk.
Three week holiday, didn't ever feel the desire to. Best weeks of my life
a month. ok I guess
Just one week
I stopped for a few weeks onceEnded up cumming in my sleep.
Any less masturbation and you're increasing your prostate cancer risk.
Explain yourself.

Three months in boot camp.I masturbated on my back while in bed and the cum shot hit my chin.Totally not gay
Several months, the longer I go the easier it gets
5 days had surgery and was on painkillers so I couldnt physically keep a boner long enough to cum
Have you shot anyone yet?Sounds like paradise to me.
mfw
Only a girls stomach cause she said not to pull out.That shit is a trap.
a week because of no fapi was entertained with other stuff
5 days, I was on vacation.
5 days, I had a crush on a girl and I couldn't think about anything else, if I tried masturbating I would end up thinking about her , and it's impossible to masturbate to a crush.But then I watched a 10/10 porn and couldn't hold myself
5 days, I had a crush on a girl and I couldn't think about anything else, if I tried masturbating I would end up thinking about her , and it's impossible to masturbate to a crush.I'm SO glad to hear someone else say this!
3 monthsNo fap actually worked for me. I had more energy to work out and I was orbiting a girl pretty hard for the first timeI lost 50 pounds and got more confident, but now I'm back to my usual ways.
Daily reminder that if you're fat, it's probably because you're dumb.
How fat are you, OP?
best topping/dipping sauce for your tendies?I find that mayonnaise mixed with ketchup is pretty good also with a slice of American cheese melted on toppic unrelated
post yfw you realized that your parents lied to you and that words can not only hurt you, they can hurt you more than sticks and stones
the planning to go to jail today I will suffer no more robots wish me luck
Jail is the worst place for a robot, it might not be as bad as films portray but it is but you are likely to be bullied a lot.
MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA
women are just as intelligent as men and are able to make rational decisions without being over emotional
men are more rational than women
Why do normies hate McDonald's?
I don't know but have you been to your local McDonald's to try the juicy new third pound sirloin burgers? Three tasty burgers starting at only $3.99! I'm lovin it!
Nope I only want their original beef yum yum
Honestly no idea. They literally consume the lowest common form of everything else in life, but then it comes to food and they feel the need to get all high and mighty about their activated almonds and shit.
 Lol $3.99 for all 3?
It's an easy, impersonal target which most people nevertheless patronize at least a few times in their lives, out of sheer convenience/necessity/ubiquity. The previous sentence also applies in every respect, to Wal Mart.Beyond this, it's just normie group think, which also contains still-not-dead middle class aspirations to other exotic burger joints, or "foodie" what an awful word experiences. Of course, other fast food joints pay as little, serve the same damn thing, and abuse their employees in like fashion. Even waiters make less, before tips.But point out that their cute sushi dish contains just a little too much mercury, on average, and the dressed-up normie won't listen. Because it's cute, and sushi, and... sushi.I moved from a mid-sized midwestern town to a much larger SWPL-tier one several months ago, and the difference is stark. I still patronize the above Evil Empires regularly however, because I know what I'm getting.Wendy's is a better burger though
Kinda reminds me how back in college, guys and girls alike would eat lettuce and salads and grilled chickens in tiny portions in the free cafeteria food and would complain about being healthy, then in their dorms they'd have STACKS of Oreos and ice cream and chips and binge on all of that. None of them are fat. They do late night McDonald's runs too, but always make an excuse to so they don't look like they want itpic not related, Brandon's dick lol
eating the fast food jew

Actually quite the contrary.All the normies love fastfood shit.They have no time to prepare decent food, because they have to spend all their time to serve their jewlords.No matter where they go, they always end up in a fastfood restaurant.
Normies loves mickey dees, they just pretend not to. They serve like a billion people per day, kek
Fuckin normies
Seriously, it's like they put some drugs into their food and people got addicted to it.No matter the scandals or prices, the people keep coming back.It must be magic.
Wendy's is a better burger thoughThis. Their breakfast sandwiches are better too except that they leave a greasy feeling in my body and the world in general for a day after.
Because it's not healthy while they eat their salads with 3 tubes of ranch dressing.
I mean, I consider myself a non-normal normie NNN, and I get pissed when people pretend to hate things like DELICIOUS MCDonald's just to fit in.I always say I like it and normies never have a response, since they actually like it too.How do these people justify being autonomous individuals??
They like it,but understand that it is horrific for you and as a result have a distaste for it.
But this understanding doesn't seem to extend to other "easy" food. Or if it did, then people are somewhere between apathetic and masochistic.
who /munchmunchmunch/ here?
Its part of normie culture. They all secretly love mcdonalds
I hate the service more than the food honestly
I hate McDonald'sLiterally equivalent toI don't shop at Walmart
be obese most of my lifemother fed me MCD's every daykept me fat whole childhoodnow I'm getting swolehit up MCD's for nostalgia and gainzask mum to get someshe won't do it anymoreFUCKING HYPOCRITE BITCH I'M POISONING YOUR TEA
DELICIOUS MCDonaldJesus christ you have no taste, what are you an amerifat or britbong?
Because it's the progressive opinion to take."I never eat at McDonalds. Do you know what they put into their food? Wow just wow. I don't support how they treat animals. There are so many calories."When these people will eat just about any other fast food or microwave vitriol they get their grubby hands on.
I really don't get this. Wall Mart is a fucking pain to shop in for a lot of reasons. The store is huge, you have a million checkout lanes but only a few are open, everyone who works there has depression written all over thwir faces. Unless I need groceries at 3 am, there's no reason to go there over any other store.
I used to hate McDonald's, then they introduced good Tendies
average normie eats out twice a week in the US growing upaverage normie has shopped at walmart his entire lifeaverage normie doesnt like either
Because it's shit
it's either that or insecure people literally projecting onto everyone, usually womeni'm not fat!i am being so fat right now!i dont usually eat this!i dont eat thissome people even act like they don't know what Mcdonalds has. like you know Mcdonalds has had coke products since the beginning of time right? Why are you pretending to not know what coke products are?people are too stupid to know logos, i forgot
Why are you pretending to not know what coke products are?Pic related. Chief Unga Bunga in the darkest depths of the Congo knows that red and white logo when he sees it.
Because it actually tastes quite bad and it's insanely uncomfortable.
Because it's fattening and disgusting and I can make much better tasting and healthier food in my own kitchen.I think the last time I got fast food was like 2 years ago. It's nasty.
its all the sugar and salt they add
Hey, fellow robots. Share your feels in the form of poetry! I'll start:Love is an angel's soul-boat;My soul is drifting down a river;I quiver;Shake my sense into the moat.I'm a drowning soul-man, nothing more......and certainly nothing less!
Bumping! Let it all out, soul-dogs.
born too late to live in a time where sexual monogamy, virginity, and chastity are a cultural norm and sex is something special shared only between two people as an act of love and take comfort in the knowledge they have only experienced it with each other.born too early to live in a time when sex is treated as a commodity and right that every human should have access to equally, instead it is reserved for girls and chad. how the fuck is this fair?
What age were you when you first came to 4chan? What was your reaction and home board at first?What age did you start getting into anime and hentai?
I was 12, started with /b/ like most people.Enjoyed hentai as far back as I can remember, and would watch anime from a very young age without realizing what it was.
I was around 20-21 and started with /b/, then after an hour I left and have gone to /v/ and stayed there for a couple of years with rarely visiting /pol/ and more frequently /x/. Early this year I ended up here, and I only visit this board most of the time.
What age were you when you first came to 4chan?11What was your reaction and home board at first?"this shits cool and funny"What age did you start getting into anime and hentai?I stopped watching anime when toonami stopped showing it. anime is awful retarded shit for dumb little gook kids, at least most of it. plus I don't want to fuck around with torrents just to watch filler background stuff, I have TV for that
15, I first went for /mu/ and thought it had an unbelievable amount of shitposting. I ended up adjusting though and now I go to a lot of boards. I first tried to watch anime when I was 16, but I've never liked hentai.
Oh and I forgot. The first anime I saw was Sailor Moon and Dragon Ball at the age of 9-10 maybe, but I didn't knew that time what they were. I was 19 or 20, when I first saw the first japanese language anime which was Full Metal Panic I think. I don't really watch hentai.
I was 16.First board was /b/, I enjoyed it. Quickly moved on though.I first fapped to hentai in 2001, thanks pokemon. Anime earlier than that because of DBZ and such.
I think I was 11/12.Started with /l/ and after 4chan let it go, 7chan's /ss/ /cake/ and not4chans /ll/ etc. Didnt even realize for the longest time there were boards besides underage chinese cave drawing porn.As someone who was still in a religious household, I felt great shame and deep seeded guilt, and would often delete all the images I had saved and then cry praying for forgiveness. It sort of fucked me up for a few years as I spent all my free time with a dial up modem slowly page by page saving doujins only to delete them later and feel like shit.Sometime in 07 I found /b/ and /a/, then spent way to much time involved with the boxxy crap.Eventually moved on to /new/, /r9k/ with gents and greenposting, and /fa/. I dont use 4chan for porn at all anymore.
It was late 2006, so 20 years old back then.Feels old man...
IKTF, bro. I was 18 back then.
15 now 23/b/ and "holy fuck"I'm not a degenerate
I was 14. I had known about the site for longer, but was too much of a pussy to go to it because 4chan still had a reputation for gore and cp.At first I browsed /mu/ and /x/. It was the first time I found other people with the same interests in - people who knew about King Crimson and Throbbing Gristle, who had read Lovecraft, for instance. So it felt like a home.I didn't start watching anime seriously until I was 17. Before that I thought it was for fags. I remember watching Elfen Lied when I was like 12 though, and NGE when it aired on Adult Swim.
, 
"I'm trying to find myself before getting into a relationship""it's not you, it's me! "proceeds to fuck a guy she's known for 3 days, losing her virginityI want to kill myself
these are just excuses OP. She was never into you in the first place. In future learn to reign in your false hope
S-shut up
OP, it's true.Just move on. That's all the advice i can offer you right now. Just clean your mind of anything else that's not "move on".
I wish more people would get this and just stick to 2DCould you imagine a world where only chads interacted with women?? - They wouldn't have any silver platters to eat off
Kill her.
get out normie weeb, go to /adv/

ayy my ex did the same thing and the guy is twice her age
In what way does this make me a fucking normal?
I been there, OP, except even worseqt virgin girl was initially into meafter an evening at a house party i take her home with meshe pukes on my front lawntake her inside, tuck her in, get in bed tell her we're way too wasted and I'll see her in the morningnext day she's gone, spreads rumor around campus I'm a huge pussy with a small dickfucks my best friend insteadbecome social pariah for not fucking a blackout drunk virginAnd that's where all my underlying mental issues began, I reckon. Move on before it destroys you, I hated myself for like 2 entire years over that incident.
you're just ugly, OP. those are silly excuses women always pull out of their asses so they don't have to tell you you're ugly
On the bright side since you never wanted you, you can learn to never trust a woman's word ever again. She is also not worth pursuing any more since she gave Chad her virginity in a one night stand it automatically makes her a whore for life.
That is really cowardly and childish to not just admit the person is ugly and lie to their face. False hope is the cruelest thing you can do to someone. Better off telling the truth instead of being a cold edgy jackass and lie to them.
So when a girl you consider ugly would ask you out you'd just tell her that you don't want to go out with her because she's ugly?
tfw you dealer finally got mushrooms againYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhThis is gonna be good
ITT: degenerates
someone who has never been running through the forest with a friend on shroomsIt's like you don't even like adventures
i challenge you:lettuce with banana slices on top
Spaghetti with M&Ms on top. Preferably crispy M&Ms. Trust me.
french fries and ice cream are GOAT
fries with Caesar salad dressing dip meat pie/sausage roll with mayonnaise
popcorn and chocolateroti and jellyOrange juice with salt
alpha name RJ King, holy shit, how alpha is THAT?!god tier 10/10 facial aesthetics, girls love itperfect height, 6'3incredbily sexy voiceawesome taste in clothingfamousrichSeriously, is there something this guy DOESN'T have going for him?Just look...[Embed]I recently tried tinder with some of his instagram pics and nigga, I/he got over 1000 matches in just a few days.Doesn't it make you depressed that some people just have it all and we're not even close? It's so fucking unfair.
he looks dyel, and due to his feminine traits I have no respect for him What is the point of this thread?
I bet you're a real man and are swole as fuck, right?
I have a penis and I can bench press 315 pounds. Im assuming he has a penis, which makes him a man too. However, the way he styles his hair and the clothes he wears shows a more feminine touch.
It's a shill thread for some gay looking white with brown feces eyes.
Sure you can.being this butt-blasted about being ugly as fuck
Doesn't it make you depressed that some people just have it all and we're not even close? It's so fucking unfair.who cares? just live your life instead of worrying about some hunk's life you faggot
I have no respect for people based on their genetic appearance
Just be yourself guys
I hope you get raped stupid faggot. We already have a gay dude general here fuck off to /rose/
hi guysask a graduating high school senior anything
, 
Looking for violent pepes. People need to start making more. Fun, relatable, and normie-proof.
Who here happy of being a robot?
I am. I have learned to embrace my personality and accepted who I am. I will never live the life I desired when I was younger but I have found that the life I'm living isn't all too bad.It has been a long way but now I'm finally happy.
tfw chad
 not a retard managed to scrape one girl chadffs. Chad is a concept of alpha perfection, not an actual person. Getting a thirsty fat girl that you met on hot or not doesnt make you chad you faggot. Especially not since you're pathetic enough to try and brag about one conquest on a site full of losers neets and social rejects
Ask if she has a puffy vag
👌
ask if she roastie
HOW
iPhone
Jewishphone*
👌

daddy19%die tbh
Why are you covering what you said with the keyboard, pussy ass bitch?
Not revealing my secrets tbh
do people actually find this arousing?
Tbh you're a pussy ass bitch. We all know you said something beta
Not really but she sent me nudes, which I found arousing
This sounds like those indian manlets with greasy moustaches stroking their ugly little hairy cocks with their right hand typing with their left commenting on a porn site they registered to with their real e-mail adress with bad grammarmmm..........hot ass......yeah baby,,,,,,,,i cum for you
Who cares I got nudes
mmm.........yeah..mami
Ouch...
post em?
picturesnot fucking irlCHADchad doesn't have time for nudes. Nudes are used to entice chad to fuck after he ignores the chick
Post them or didn't happen.
Aww bless. An autistic robot finally found out how easy it is to get nudes and sext with girls on the internet. Guess what buddy, it's easy to pretend to be "Chad" over text messaging. Go out and try it in the real world and let us know how many girls you fuck.
Exactly. I've flirted with girls online before, but I'm still a beta.pic related, sadly
You would know what a chad is, wouldn't you redditor?
why are you lying on the internet? you pathetic beta faggot
no friendstry to get out more and do something that interests metfw pic relatedI already go out to the cinema and restaurants myself, I don't need to be reminded.
rekt
do you have a roastie barbara?
Rude and inappropriate!
the roast rage is real
That's pretty cool. I hope you have fun.Also literally who gives a shit about you going alone? No one but yourself, that's who.
I'll go with you if you let me rub against your roastie
Hmm, going to the light and science talks then?See you there, femanon.
I'll look out for you
tfw no one to cuddlefuck
tfw gf is distant when I'm at home but when I'm at wageslave.USA she texts me all the time and gets upset when I don't text her on my break.tfw can't help but feel cuckedtfw say I'm going to come home early today or tomorrow, instead of being excited, she tells her to let her know so she can plantfw she has nothing to plan it is her two days off.tfw I know I'm getting cucked and I'm going to find out
Ask for a blowjob, then break up. If she accepts, you leave with the cunt humiliated.
new omegle thread, tags are r9k, r9komegle and omegler9k
beef
all of them are chads except fuckingshit
perfectly roasted
yum yum yummy
remember we are on talksoda.com for textonly 4chan uses itno adsno bots
 enter nick hit start nothing happensok
is there a pic of roxanne with a dildo in her mouth?
is anyone on?
come on tiny chat omegler9k
no, its cancer
omegler9kgo instupid fullsize youtube video playingshit musiccant hear anyoneyeah fuck off
so that's lollichan, eh?
enter roomsee 4 faggots leave instantly never again
Isn't she just beautiful?tfw no online roastie gf to cam for you ;.;
I'm too good to be in a chat and everyone is faggotsI am a new, superior breed of /r9k/ postertell me again about how the cancer is killing the beautiful corpse of this board
Who /TVDinner/ here?What do you robots eat? I eat low calorie tv dinners so I don't get obese.
I like to buy MREs from websites to try, some are great.
TV dinners and fast food should be the robots diet of choice. Cooking requires effort and self-respect, obviously something robots don't have.
This is what americans actually believe to be healthyIt might be low calorie, but it definitely looks like high AIDS
Reporting.
OP here. Never said I was healthy, just not fat. I understand these things are killing me faster than a good diet would, but I don't want to be 80 fucking years old.
It's fine then I guess, and to be honest you are right, I think it is more important not to get fatWhether you care about health or not, this shit looks absolutely disgusting
I don't think that's how calories work anon.
Its fake you retard.
That's actually exactly how they work.I guarantee you if I eat 2000 calories of fast food, I'd be skinnier than if I ate 3500 calories of lean protein and veggies.
ready meals and the like nowadays aren't even that bad for you. They're well made and generally taste as good as the real thing. Why would I waste 30 mins cooking a meal that I spend 10 minutes eating?
When he said low calorie, I assume he meant something like 500 calories.Something about the body storing fat if you don't eat enough.
You'll still lose weight if you're on 500 calories a day.It will just be extremely bad for your healthBody still has to follow the law of thermodynamics.
Something about the body storing fat if you don't eat enough.That's just a dank /fit/ maymay, btw.Do you understand what the unit calorie measures?There's another unit that measures the same thing, it's called Joule.
I eat chicken filet with rice.For sauce, I take creme fraiche and add sweet and sour sauce and just mix it with a spoon.It's easy to make and good, can even take as lunchbox to work.
Its fake you retard.Fuck you, cunt
You need to cook.
Why?
eating processed garbage in 2015absolutely disgustingugh and  makes me gag
i only eat these. two packs every day.
looks like shit m8
TFW starting tomorrow I get to be a meet again
Is that a typo? You are going to be a neet again, right?
are you finished school/ uni? how did your exam go.
more like he quit/got fired from serving the chad as a wageslave
No, a meat.
who /deadinside/ here?
me
most of the people who say they are dead inside don't actually know what that means and are actually sensitive wimps
MISERY, MISERY, MISERY THAT'S WHAT YOU'VE CHOSEN
poor bobby never came back from vietnam
no shit sherlock holmes
What does it mean?
he's a faggot who suck dicks
, 
blandicy wasteland90% of people live on the borderno culturemarxist shithole Hate whites, hate men - when 99% of the country was white only 20 years agoif you live with a woman for more than 3 years you're LEGALLY BINDED as her COMMON LAW HUSBANDA WOMAN CAN TAKE ALL YOUR SHIT EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT MARRIEDanyone exceptional or talented goes to the USpathetically feminised, watered down education system provinces run independently and don't even have the same core systems"YOU DIDN'T PLAY HOCKEY BRO?"international chang destroying property market in the few places that are habitableIsrael #1 ally, boycotting israeli products or talking about palestinian war crimes is literally a crime hereStay inside for 9 months of the year or dieThis country breeds the most robots per capita
tfw second gen immigrant
fuck off back to mumbai
its trueI was in Bongland and talking with a girl on a bus, trying to have a conversation and this Canuck out of nowhere disturbs me and her and tries to get into the conversation. Suddenly everything goes quiet and hes still facing us. He got off at his stop and we said bye and then started talking again. Don't come to europe you shits
And yet its still loved because 'lol canada is epic MOOOSE!!!!'
this is the average Canadian womanYes she's Canadian
You don't even know what Marxist means you just parrot stupid shit you read on /pol/ to try to fit in OP
Canada should just be used as a giant nature reserve
3RD HIGHEST PRICED INTERNET IN THE WORLD54TH IN SPEEDNetflix CEO - "The state and price of Canadian internet should be considered a human rights crime"
VancouverPeople still try to claim that I have straight white male privilege
lucky enough to have been born in a first world country while the majority of the world population lives in povertystill finds a way to be an ungrateful shitstain and complain about irrelevant things
class="quote"“The problem in Canada is… they have almost Third World access to the Internet,” Sarandos said.
I could stand all the negatives of being Canadian if it wasn't for the prices on PC componentstfw you constantly browse /v/ and see asshole American teenagers building great rigs for great priceseven cutting corners EVERYWHERE I can't build a modest 970 rig without going $1500+
why can't you buy things online?

This is online, mate. Even going for the best deals at multiple sources it just isn't possible.
wat r taxezwat iz impurt doodywat iz shippan
Do American girls like the British accent? Is it easy to fuck girls with foreign accents?
Which British accent?It varies.
The middle-class south London one. Not the chav or the gay posh one.
British accent is very popular in Asia at the moment, just opening my mouth and people are like "Wow he's british"Only works for southern accents though, no one likes northerners
tfw lost my virginity to a sixt-EIGHTEEN year old girl in america almost by accident when i went on holiday there by just talking to a girl i met there about what britain is like and then walking in the general direction of my hotel with her.idk whether she was a huge slut or just wanted to cross me off a list or whatever but it was the one and only time ;_:
I love in the same city as Jamie Dornan and I'll tell you, I couldn't get shit with this accent
American girls are beautiful.
Yeah, you're good to go, that's one of the good ones for getting laid. Most of us think that's pretty sexyno one likes northernersA lot of Americans straight up can't understand them. I had a biochem professor from Sunderland and it took me a while to learn to understand him.
I have a northern accent and American girls love it due to it not being the standard queens English, and I'll admit it's gotten me laid in America/got girls sending me nudes over the internet when I was younger.
Not as much as Strayan, but yeah.
Strayan accent is ugly.
tfw no one likes my accent.
What one m8?
Yorkshire accent go to Las Vegas"so what's Australia like?"Every time.
tfw Irish accentStill a shit human doe

austria*
autistic german accentjust sound like a babbling sperg when trying to speak english
weeabootrying to insult someonelol fuck off jap shit
tfw bland accent
grills are probably into northern accents now because of all the hot northern lads in Game of Thrones
Have Scottish accent Speak with the queens English when I'm abroad People actually understand meYank whores assume I'm cultured and would make for a good brag with their college friends and hop on my cockForeign enough to be exotic but white and 'european' enough to not anger daddy
implying this would get American girls' panties wet
they do, but they they see your freaky uncut flappy foreskin and freak out
cherry picking one accent out of the numerous accents through out the countryIt'd still get them wet anyway because they would think you're Irish or Scottish.
They do but not always
this get mad pussy
cut dickgood goy
Would a Scottish accent do anything for Americans? I'd say I do have quite a weak accent seeing as I live and grew up in the most northerly point of Scotland.
I'm from Sheffield
tfw no white gf
My boyfriend is from Devon and I have been dating him since I was 16, 20 now, moved in with him when I was 18 almost 19. I find his to be the perfect mix of a soft British accent but not overbearing. I find British accents to be cute in general.
mfw scousemfw living in Floridamfw even getting /fit/ won't save me because of my shitty accent
Northern Ireland?
tfw Hull accentbeen frum ull is ruf m8
Only if you sounds like Hugh Grant.
I hope all you morons ITT know that all english accent sound the same to us americans
ey up mate, i'm from 'ull too like. shall i meet u down the tenfoot for a croggy?
Yeh m8 lets go skag some breadcakes, im fucking ganet. Its ben mafting today.
Not as bad as scouse.
What do Northern English accents sound like? Similar to Scottish?
how u doin la
sound la
Theon greyjoy
British guys look slightly deformed and inbred.
tell me about it mate.absolutely mafting!!!!dunno about breadcakes mate, might get me some bikkies and arfa larga. get a patty for my bains too.
mate all your bains needsisa gud braying m8, cud gofora patty tho.
Not as bad as fucking Stoke m8.
liked for good reason.
you doin my head in now mate.my bains would bray you so hard you'd shit your kecks. you'd be fucking ballin your eyes out
To be honest, most "white people" accents are considered attractive in Asia. I've had everyone from Iraqis to Indians to Filipinos tell me that I sound like a "Hollywood star." Exotic is always a nice bonus, no matter where you go, unless you're Indian or Chinese or some shit.
oi mate i'll fckin deck ya, swear on me MUMS m8 fookin ell!!!yeah, that's gonna get you laid alirght.Delusional brits, life isn't a hollywood movie.
British people look slightly deformed and inbred.this.
u wonna fukin go?
Alrite guvna, onley avin a gigule
I'm half way out of roboness guys.. I've managed to learn how to not spaghetti when talking to girls.. but now all I do is make friends that a women.How the fuck am I supposed to get a gf?
Who here had an unconvetional childhoods?I really think this is why my social skills were kinda stunted..move every couple of years, never form bonds with other kids because I expect to leavemove to countries where I don't know the language, go to schools in the country's native languagespend most of my childhood struggling to properly communicate at a basic level to othersgo back to home countryact like I did when I was abroad, reduce most communication to basic stuffNever have had a friend I can trustI consider everyone an acquaintance.. because I know that sooner or later I won't see them again and they'll forget me.There are a ton of pluses to my childhood.. but the negatives have really made it difficult to be social, and thus I became a 24 year old KVWhat brought on your roboness... robros?
I was fat as a kidThat's all it takes
yup this was my life to a tee. 28 kv
future me huh. does it get better?
Mom kind of hated me. My whole life. Even as a baby she hated/resented me. She just recently died and I had to look through family photos to put together something for the funeral and in literally EVERY SINGLE ONE taken of us together she is scowling. Even as a new mom, holding her firstborn. Even when other people in the photo are laughing and smiling.My uncle tried to get her in trouble for abusing me when I was a kid, but nothing ever came of it. He was divorced out of the family and I haven't seen him in years. I don't know what his evidence was, other than he thought I had a black eye.I was also forbidden from watching TV or speaking on the phone or doing most other normal things. I was a very quiet kid and spent most of my time in my room reading books and sewing little stuffed animals out of old socks.All of that isolation really fucked me up as a kid but it wasn't as apparent as it is now that I'm an adult.
sorry to hear you had to deal with that bitch of a mother..How did she die? and how did you feel when you found out?
me
pretty much the same as you OP although I didn't move to different countries, just cities. My Mom is a workaholic and I was always alone, talking with some stuffed animals, creating scenarios in my head, building LEGOs and drawing. I was raised by my single Mom, Dad died when I was still a baby. I have always been quiet and detached ever since I was a kid, bullying made it worse. When I was 5 I tried to finally socialize with the kids in the playground but I got vomited on by this filthy kid with no self-control and was kicked in the slide. Bullied from 1st Grade to HS. A shut-in even in childhood. It got me fucked up.
Cancer. She softened a bit right before the end but never apologized for anything. I felt bad for her the same way you'd feel bad for anyone dying of cancer, but my caring actions were from a place of duty more than anything else. I am able to see her as a flawed human being and I'm less angry than I used to be but I am pretty damaged and still working on it.
I'm like that OPMoved countries when I was 5, moved around the city a bunch, moved countries again when I was 14. I've moved once a year on average 19 nowI used to be a robot, KV, pretty hopeless After moving out from my mom's place and starting uni I've been forcing myself to socialize.Now I go to school and have a job and a SO, I'm by most standards a normie but it took me years of being a shutin to learn to connect with people
I WANT THAT FUCKING DOG.GIVE ME THAT FUCKING DOG NOWWWWWREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
softened a bit right before the endpeople usually do that when they are dyingI hope to get out of my roboness.. I've been studying abroad for a year now but I'm still KV so that isn't good sign.One of the things I consider that ruined my life was when I was deported
this is a feel I know, I want to get a cute medium to small sized dog, name him courage.
tfw moved 20 times as a kidwas homeschooled untill highschool whole family lived in peoples basements cause we where too poor to rent a house
lose the trousers bitch boy, it's time to get rid of those v plates
if it was gianna oh god yes, her oil overload scene is one of the first I fapped to at 12
I fucking love Gianna
This woman looks highly inbred.
I find her quite ugly, but the idea of her coming onto me makes me rock hard.
I'm gonna puke. White trash hillbilly dumb as fuck bitch. Literally bottom of the barrel pornstar. Oh and yeah, she's fucking hideous.
you know what happens if you can't get pathetic vienna sausage hard don't you bitch boy
I fucked a prostitute earlier today, lost my virginity. I orgasmed, she was a 10/10, physically speaking.So why do I feel so empty inside, bros?
Because you need to pay for affection
Because you did it. Now what?
paying for sex
Because you realise that you couldn't have had sex with her if she wouldn't accept money for the act.Stop watching porn. Keep jerking off, there's no problem with that, but don't warp your mind with images of perfect bodies so that you're unsatisfied with the women that you can charm into sleeping with you.
What did you expect?
sooner you realise a certain % of the world is UNLOVEABLE you will feel better about paying for ityou really cant buy affection
implying casual sex is real "affection"lmao it kinda sad wondering how fucked up you must be. I'm only assuming you're a woman or a gay and that you rationalize the guilt you feel in casual sex as "affection". lmao.
I feel sorry for you if that's what you think sex entailsStay bitter
All these creatures, the animals and the women, have poor, if not missing, reflexivity. They constantly wish to live their feelings to the fullest, they are not able to control them, to distance themselves from them. Women desire to orgasm all the time, they think of sex all day long, checking sexual partners unconsciouly.men, on the contrary, only want to release a tension and are able to understand the lack of relevancy of sex. Remember that most men endure a period of abstinence, more or less long. remember that, back in the day, most men were not exposed a lot to sex, compared to women.To men, Sex is a game, a process, a fight, a dynamics to catch some preys. To the women, sex is an application of their nature, it is the ultimate female liberation, it is the coincidence of all her existence with her essence. the female knows that she is complete after her orgasm, there is nothing in the world that she needs afterwards. The man knows that there is something else to life after sex.
bumping uglies is affectionfucking KEKits not being bitter in admitting that sticking your dick in a hole isnt affection, thats just realityaffection isnt getting off m8, its hugging and embracing etc DURING sex which doesnt happen with prozziessome prostitutes will do anything but kissingthat just shows it
You're missing the love element in sex.
Congrats OPtfw you will NEVER have a qt take your virginitytfw you will NEVER have your qt take your virginity and snuggle with you and cuddle with you right aftertfw you will NEVER fuck the same girl again.tfw you will never have a girlfriend that is satisfied with herself for being your firstHahahaha it's all right bro. My ex took my virginity and basically left me, but not after I fucked her like a champ for a few years. After that I just fucked them sluts that want to scratch an itch. Now I am the one with the experience that took my girlfriend's virginity. Shit feels good man. 
having casual sex is the same as making lovebruh.
Because paying for sex is rape.
details please
Almost had me there for a second.
good for you OP .I want to do the same but i´m too much or a Jew to spend my money on priostitutes so I just jerk off
Do you feel sexually frustrated? Do you die for the feel of female warmth, lips, silky hair, soft skin...? Do you want to cuddle and have an interesting conversation with an Intelligent and cheerful girl before have 1 Hour of dirty wild sex with her? Do you have 100-300€ to spend?I have great news for you. I always despised prostitution for being emotionless cold sex with a disgusting old std ridden whore that you can barely touch and no kiss or cuddle of course. A girl that is forced by coercion or economic circumstances to do that and she hates it and hates you, the potential client with all her hearth. So I never went to any of those places.But then I discovered a new kind of prostitution. In that kind, "sexually liberated" very young women, have sex for having extra money to buy steam games, cute clothes or even anime figmas. They fuck the people they fuck because they like it. If money wasn't involved they maybe will fuck you anyways but maybe they will prefer other guys first. The thing is that they only fuck you if they are a little bit attracted by you, and the money help to do the rest. Those kind of girls don't fuck much more guys than the average club drewel so they are not very "used" and since they are usually young and very cute and they are happy with what they are doing they seem almost normal and not disgusting whores. The think is that those girls don't want to "just fuck". What they really want is to talk, cuddle kiss, hold hands and get you sexually satisfied. They put great effort in making you happy, and make the situation comfortable and nice.In my country an "standard" disgusting whore cost 20-25€. One of those girls, cost 150-300€, but believe me, it is worth of it. Of course it cannot substitute real love or a meaningful relationship, but it will be almost like a one night stand, a patch to temporary solve loneliness, sexual frustration and lack of sexual contact and cuddling.
They usually advertise as "girlfriend experience" or don't advertise at all, and just use whats app or something like that to meet new people and propose the deal to people they like. For example a 19 years old childhood friend of mine that only had sex once proposed me time ago that she would let me fuck her for 300€. She really needed the money because of there were a lot of steam games she wanted to buy and a Madoka Magika 100€ figma. A pitty I was poor at the moment and could not make that deal. But that made me think "Could maybe a lot of young, almost unused young cute girls are doing the same as my friend?" And now that I have a job and that amount of money is anything to me I started looking for girls like my friend my friend now has a boyfriend so no possible deal with her no, what a pitty. I found that a lot of girls, specially in anime circles, when they know you a bit and can truth you if you go little by little you can make a deal like that. For example, you have a lil bit of confidence, she is very sexual and likes hentai, you say that you would like to see her panties, she says that you are a pervert, you say ok, and you propose a game, for example if she wins you, you invite her to dinner and if you win her she shows her panties to 5 seconds. If she accept a deal like that important, loose the deal the first time, and loose more than win, so she thinks she is more likely to win than not and do the deal more often and with more interesting things then, you know that you can scale and scale...Then there is a more "open" girl, that don't need so much confidence with you to have a deal like that and they even advertise as "girlfriend experience" and you can feel free to call then even if you are not in her social circle. This kind of girls are like this:
Because she's gone...
The girls that do that are usually 18-21, and the experience is wonderful, the elites obviously know that and when they can they will forbid prostitution and even sex with girls of those ages, the same way they did with 14-16 and with 16-18 before. A time where an adult male is never able to have sex because having sex is "oppressing" and "abusing" women is coming, so I think now is our last chance to enjoy our youth.Due to the "sexual revolution" I am not able to have sex r girlfriend, but at least with a little amount of money I can get laid with almost normal young cute girls, usually anime/videogame fans.In fact in my country in anime conventions you have some kind of light legal sexual contact with underage girls 13-15 usually that is very common. For example, "free hugs and kisses in lips", "I touch you ass for free if you let me" those touch you ass really for free. There are even some that bite you in the neck or in the arm or even beat, kick, punish you, or even go barefoot all the convention and have a sing like "We may let you to have the privilege to clean our dirty feet with you tongue, just beg us to be our slave you piece of shit" they really let you in my experience, but those girls are usually very aggressive and the will beat you, spit you in the face and humiliate you if you accept the deal btw, and all with anime catchphrases of MM! or animes like that. This will change soon since gov is changing the age of consent from 13 to 16 i really hate this.
Honestly I don't even care about casual sex. I met my oneitus when I was 15 and anything that's just vapid and monotonous is boring
You got your orgasm but you know that she doesn't care about you and that she only spends time with you for money. Try this on a natural way and look into a woman's face who's into you. It's so hot. You can't buy that on the street.
Euphoria: The post
Anyone who speaks remotely eloquently is le hat meme.reddit pls go
lol
were are you from?
It's not about his your? language but the message behind it.hurr durr men are so intelligent and reasonable
Because it's a fucking prostitute, you retard. You were probably the 5th cock she took today, you were expecting to feel fulfilled and loved because you paid a girl to lay there and let you put your cock into her? Complete retard.
Spain haha, a very sunny and welcoming country, with happy people all around. Feminism and SJW shit was alien to us except for the last 10 years or so. Piracy for personal use is legal, bestiality and incest are legal too, watching child porn if you don't store it is legal too. We are what a real "liberal" country is not that SJW shit that people call "liberal".But this is changing soon, and the 1th of July a set of very repressive laws will enter. Uppering the AoC from 13-16, policing the Internet, bestiality will be ilegal, you will go jail just for visiting "extremist" websites... All because muh Charlie Hebbo, muh Children "rapped" we have one of the lowest rape statics, street crime, and teen pregnancy rates in the world, they will be surprised when those new laws made them increase instead of lower...
Is that her?
This. When I was a virgin I didn't want my first time to happen with a prostitute. I wanted someone to want me, not my money. My first time then happened with a pretty average looking girl but I felt great afterwards. We continued having sex for about 3 months. But that first high that I felt for about one week or so was incredibly uplifting.
Sex without an emotional connection is much less satisfying than sex with someone you love.
I´m form Spain too, but didnt the gov alredy changed the law of consent to 16 ?Were do you go to this conventions went to madrids comicon and didnt saw any of this kinki stuff you mention
So why do I feel so empty inside, bros?Because sex is secular and everyone who drinks from that type of water will thirst again and again.but whoever drinks the water from Jesus Christ will never thirst. A spring of water welling up to eternal life
same spain broyou will go jail just for visiting "extremist" websites what like what kind dude?fucking jews
 someone wants to casually spend intimate time with younot really affectionlol
Nope, I will be changed the 1st of July, until that day you can fuck a 13 years old girl if she let you hehe. You still have 26 days XD.Yeah, the lasts 4 Madrid convetions were it was filled with casuals and children and almost no kinky stuff maybe new policies of the doors guards?. What a shame, years before if was very awesome. In that last one they didn't even sell lolicon doujinshis like the last year. I go to everyone I can, Barcelona, Malaga, Madrid... If I have the money. In Madrid there are 4 different, chibijapan, japan, expocomic and expomanga, speaking of Madrid, in two years ago chibijapan is where I found the most kinky stuff, a 13-14 years oldd bite me and a friend in the neck, 5 girls grabbed my ass, and two 15 years old girls went to the bathroom with a friend of mine, they were with a sing that said "We are looking for someone cute to rape". To find those things you have to be specifically looking for it and spend all weekend, to maybe have 3 or 4 lucky strikes.
Because sex without emotion is just masturbation with a partner.
And in the last 4 Madrid events I didn't have any lucky strike, so I think I will discard Madrid at least for a year or two, what a waste.
Ur gey
Alright asshole, I'm in and I've got money to spend.Where can I find girls like this? I like in Putombia so it shouldn't be too hard, right?
Well, now that I think the most lewdness I think I probably was like 7-8 years ago in Madrid Sundays the cosplay day, because I saw lots of girls with "free kisses in mouth" and advertising S&M stuff very openly, but I was very young and went with my parents so I didn't do anything with those qt.
How'd you make it happen, anon? And at what age?
So why do I feel so empty inside, bros?Because you used a condom faggot, What part of cumming inside a vagina bareback don't you understand?
Get a load of this faggot.It used to be completely normal for men to lose virginity to prostitutes, from pre-AD times. It was seen merely as a rite of passage, nothing else.
It depends on your country, in Spain you have like two kind of those grills:1 Ones you met in hentai Facebook or whats app groups that you join with strangers you meet in anime conventions. Those are the "hard" ones, but if you get it the experience is more satisfying, because after the sex they are also your "friends".2 In specific websites. You have to look for a girl that give "passionate kisses" and "girlfriend experience" and cost 150-300€. This is like a cool one night stand, and it feels very real, but not as awesome as the fist more difficult option.
 In specific websitesyou're not answering my question bro broalso FacebookI don't want my entire family to know I'm fucking cheap prostitutes.
This. If you haven't fucked a whore yet you are literally destroying your mental health, unless you are able have sex without paying, of course.
It happened at 22. But I had some kissing experience before that.It was a long way for me though. I used to be an extreme introvert but at least had a small circle of male friends. But we rarely had girls around in this circle. I finally started to work on my issues by forcing myself in social situations, doing some sports and building a second and third circle of friends and, to be honest, by drinking a lot of alcohol.The worst thing is that once I started to become more social and extrovert, I realized how many chances I actually had to get laid or to get in a relationship. All these women throwing clear signs at me... But after that episode with the first girl, I haven't really been single for more than a couple of months. I'm still an introvert at heart and tend to be more quiet than most people when meeting a stranger but I rarely drop spaghetti these days.
Facebook and whats app are the tools those grills use, you cannot avoid grills to use Jewish tools, is in their nature.Well those "specific websites" of course depends on you country and even your city. They can even be contacts or second hand selling websites. For example, lets say that you live in Madrid Spain and like japanese milfs. The you call this qt:
Dude, I'm not trying to knock anyone and I don't care who you lost your virginity to. It was just not the right thing for me. Had I gone to a prostitute in my mental state back then, I would have probably killed myself. I felt so extremely worthless, seeing all these average guys getting laid while I was struggling with women all through my youth.
Interesting response. This seems...doable.I don't want to rely on alcohol to get out of my comfort zone. Where'd you meet these other friends? I am 22 and not very different from you back then. Very introverted, got a couple of male friends I go out with every once and a while. This girl you lost it too, how'd you meet her and how did the experience play out?
There is an entire wikipedia article about this kind of whores, you have to look up for those who offer "Girlfriend Experience".
I fucked a prostitute earlier todayHow much did it cost?
"A stripper may also provide a limited GFE to a customer with conversation, cuddling, and touching in a strip club environment. Less frequently, a full-service GFE including sex acts is available through use of a VIP area on the club premises separate from the main floor. These sex acts are referred to as "extras". "This is may be a bit cheaper and safer options, but you have to research about the strip club you are going to go. I went to one and is not as good as GFE escorts but you know you are in a safe environment and not in some random house.
If I fucked a prostitute knowing me I'd probably fall in love with her
Why do you faggots boast about paying for escorts all the time? You're no better than chad.
time get a better prostitute man.
These were the first steps that I took.For one, I left my comfort zone when I started to hang out with people I met through sports. Before that I'd mainly stuck to my first circle of friends. You know just called them up and asked what they were up to. They had more girls in their circle, so I had to socialize with them as well. This was good practice.Secondly, I started to meet up with people from College. It was basically the same situation as above.Lastly, I started to talk to more strangers when I was out with my old guy friends. For this, I had to get very drunk at least in the beginning.cont.
The best part tbh.
I see.
but don't warp your mind with images of perfect bodies so that you're unsatisfied with the women that you can charm into sleeping with you.It is too late. I am ruined.
I don't know how to torrent gamesbetter whore myself for cashWomen logic
Before I lost my virginity, I managed to get on a couple of dates with other women. Some of those I completely blew, another went okay but the girl was about the leave the country for a year. There were even two girls that I probably could have dated but both showed major red flags serious drug abuse, extreme lier etc.. So I only gained some kissing and making out experience from that.I met the girl I lost my virginity with at a barbecue I was invited to by my new friends from college. We got introduced by the gf of a friend, talked and exchanged numbers. I called her a couple of days later and we went on a date. The next evening, she was hanging out at my buddies place, so he rang me up and I joined them.After that I asked her out again. She proposed a double date with another couple. The date went well but something was off. At the end of the evening she took me aside and told me that she kind of was still in a long distance relationship or that they had agreed on a time-out or such some nonsense. I was devasted and this is were I kind of snapped. and lost any serious intention. She had lead me on and I was going to cut her out of my life. However, she continued to be flirty around me as if nothing had changed. So the next time I met her, I asked her if she want to come back to hang out at my place. She said yes and we ended up nearly fucking. It finally happened the next time when we met at her place. We were making out and I got a condom out of my pocket.She wanted to date me seriously and ended 100% breaking up with her boyfriend but I told her that I didn't want to. So we just continued in a fwb kind of relationship until she told me she can't do it any longer.
Girls are so corrupted by sexual liberation, that even chads prefer to sleep around with whores
upps forgot link
But anon, excluding subhumans, he's right.
Hah you don't pay a whore to fuck, you pay a whore to leave you alone after that, that's why you pay the money. If that whore was a "free" girl, the gates of hell would be opening right now, to suck your life out of you in the next month or even years.
Thanks for sharing.It seems that the best I can do right now is expand my social circle. I had one for a while but they weren't working out so I just silently disappeared. Now I am not sure where to go next. Since I started at my new job I am forced to be around a lot of people every day. Among coworkers it seems like I am usually isolated from them, not because I intensely dislike them I get the feeling some of them don't care much for me...not sure if that is my anxiety or something else. There is one in particular with whom I have bonded a bit, the problem is she is a - VERY - attractive girl. Hormones aside she would probably be a great friend to have, but she said something about not really wanting to be friends with people from work unless I misunderstood what she meant. Like other coworkers she is happy to see me when I am there, but I don't get the impression she'd want to meet up and chat outside of that environment. Unless I am wrong?
Because you've just discovered sex isn't really the amazing, earth-shattering experience that you'd built it up to be.Don't get me wrong, sex is ok but it's not THAT much better than wanking and the consequences can be a lot messier than accidentally dripping cum on the carpet.
you should probably learn how to process thoughts before you decide to have sex with a prostitute
It's hard to tell about your coworker but maybe just try to bond at work as well as you can if you have enough time to talk much, that is. If she changes her mind about being friends, she might invite you to hang out, or to a birthday party or something like that.I know it can be hard to get into a new circle but sometime all it takes it getting to know that one person. In my case, it was a uber social guy from college. No matter where he goes he makes new friends and invites them to hang out immediately. That's why I suddenly got to know so many more people than ever before. He would turn up at your place with a couple of people he met at a bar, or some girls from a language course. It was awseome.I've tried to become al little bit like him and that's how I got with my first serious gf. I was on a trip and met a super nice guy at a bar. We bonded via drinks and music and found out that we were staying at the same hotel. We met again and I told him to ring me up if he ever were to visit the city I lived in back then. It turned out that he had some family and friends there too. So when he came to visit me for a couple of days, we went to meet his friends one night, and he introduced me to her.
If she changes her mind about being friends, she might invite you to hang out, or to a birthday party or something like that.Maybe. Like I said I don't remember exactly what she said, but what I recall is that she wanted to vent to me about how another guy at work kept texting her and asking her to hang out. She said she wasn't interested, and was asking if there was anything she could do, since she'd been ignoring his texts thinking he would get the message that she wasn't interested. Then she mentioned something about how he said all if his friends are at work, and went on to say that she would never come in to work just to hang out with people. Nothing explicitly about not befriending coworkers.I know it can be hard to get into a new circle but sometime all it takes it getting to know that one person. In my case, it was a uber social guy from college. No matter where he goes he makes new friends and invites them to hang out immediately. That's why I suddenly got to know so many more people than ever before. He would turn up at your place with a couple of people he met at a bar, or some girls from a language course. It was awseome.That's great. It seems like meeting people through friends is a great way to go. Come to think of it I was out one day and ended up chatting up with this guy, we were both there at the top of a short-term airport parking structure to watch and photograph the sunset and subsequent storms. We chatted for a good while and though we never exchanged numbers or emails I felt like I'd made a friend that day. And I'm thinking that if I just keep doing that, I'll end up meeting more friends and eventually some "qt's". At least, that's the idea.
It's not just about the physical aspects. Anyone with some spare bucks can get fucked. But it's about being wanted. Desired. Try going through life never experiencing that.
see you in a week again bruh.
To men, Sex is a game, a process, a fight, a dynamics to catch some preys. that's a really fascinating thought. it puts into perspective why men are so competitive and why can people respect good "players" of the game but not the "game master" itself - women, because all they do is decide who wins
be 6 year old fembothaving sleepover with same-age cousinlistening to Aaron Carter CD, dancing around my bedroomstart talking about how cute and perfect and amazing he is kektell cousin I'm going to marry him somedayshe agreestell her I want her to be my sister-in-law, so she'll have to marry Nickshe agreestell her we should have a double weddingshe agreestell her we should practice for the honeymoonshe... agreesgive her a pillowshe doesn't know what to do with itI take another pillow off my bedtell her we need to pretend our pillows are our future husbandsshe still doesn't get itI start kissing my pillowshe giggles, I giggletell her to kiss her pillow tooshe says it's stupidwell then, she doesn't know what she's missing out oncontinue making out with my pillow, roll around on the floor with it, really getting into itcousin is just sitting on the bedmom calls us down for dinnertoss pillow back on bed, proceed like nothing ever happenedMy cousin is a lesbian now.
fembothahaha, well meme'd
tell cousin I'm going to marry him somedayshe agreesshe agreesshe agrees
Not that I was going to marry my cousin, but Aaron Carter...
hey fembot uhhi-i really like you're thread xDmind if i bump it?
are you stupid?
haha i was just being le ironic, dum dum
Be 14 that's childhood rightMom brings home those little jello cups for meHave one Have another a bit later because they're smallMom says "You don't need to eat all of those in one go, you know"Me: But I want toMom: That's obsessive behaviorEat two jello cups, become obsessed with jello cups.
be 6fuck the shit out of a winnie the pooh bearget caught
same tbh
tfw did the same thing with a giant teddy bear from my grandma when i was 7mfw i didn't get caught
family from out of country would visit once every couple yearsmy sister and I around the same age as our cousinsat night we would play naked tag, or somethingI just remember us all being in our bedroom, turn off the lights, get naked and just giggle and run around trying to tag each other while we couldn't seeparents heard us laughing one night and put a stop to itwe didn't understand why they thought it was bad
Letting my dog eat me out.on many occasions for several years.
I thought you were going to say you banged your cousin or something. No, what you did was totally normal. I think most little girls have done similar things. As a kid, my friend and I played "dorm" instead of "house." This usually included us making time for our "boyfriends." thrashing around wildly under a blanket on the couch
Started exercising, walking a ton, drinking water like crazy, and lost weight. Have a more slender figure and everyones complimented on it. Still pissed because bust size also took a hit. I knew it would be effected but not this much.
I'm just going on one of my walks!spitroasted by jamal and chad for hourswe're onto you
How big where your titties before and how big are they now?
what good are you if you don't have any tits?
fat cow tities on fatty is awfulgood for you
fat tits aren't attractive on a guy anyway, OP
So robots, my mom who charges me 800 a month in rent just woke me up with her hands around my neck because i had porn open on the computer and i punched her square in the fucking mouth
My father charges me 1k a month to live in my room and I am not allowed to eat his food I have to buy my own. Why does your mom give you a discount?
Then what happened?
Call 911 and tell them she tried to strangle you in your sleep OP. Crazy ass bitch.
For 800 bones a month you should be able to slap around the one eyed korean with her in the room
1k a month? highway robbery, why dont you move out? clearly you get no real benefit of living there.....
You both could rent an entire apartment for that price. Depending on where you live -- a studio for half that priceAlso fuck your mom
be mekindergartenmusic classother kids are being annoying as fuck and won't behave properlyteacher gets really pisseddecides to ground us all by making us stay completely silent for the remaining 40 minutes of the lessonwe all just stare at the ground or at each other for 20 minutes without movingnobody seems to be interested in something about iti can't stand it anymorei'm hungry, bored, sleepy and i need to peei want to go homesuddenly i come up with a plani don't know how to implement it thoi somehow force a fart out of my asseveryone bursts out laughing because we're 5 and farts are the funniest shit everteacher lets us go homeeveryone is happythey want to know who did it but i'm embarrassed so i don't say anythingmfw i'm an anon hero
be medrama/theatre classeveryone silentdecide to break up the serious mood with a little fartfart loudall normies "eww disgusting, etc" while looking at my directiontry and blame the fat kidI start laughing like a sperglord because farts are funny tbhmfw they start backing off from me and calling me namesmfw I was 14mfw I changed schools 3 months later
high school years agome and other 3 guys 2 normies, 1 chad dont go to school because fuck itafter few hours we meet a teacher by accident in the town, she's a crazy bitch and a religious fanaticshe angrily asks why the fuck arent we in the schoolshe would fuck our shit up bad, i mean really bad because she really was nuts3 other guys are paralyzed and speechless but i come up with a believable story on spotthe story made sense so she believed itafter she took the bait and relaxed and started heading off the Chad says "yea yea exactly as anon says"first thing normies say is "holy shit Chad you're clever as fuck", I dont even get mentionedat first Chad is visibly flustered why they praise him but then just goes with the flow and is like "yeaaaaaa"story gets around the class and Chad becomes the hero, i dont even get mentionedi dont say anything because back then i thought being a nice person actually pays off in the end i was a fucking idiotmfw the Chad is living the life and im just a depressed loser ayyyyy
25 years old acne
Accutane
22Sss...Stammer
, 
I'm 22 with no work experience. How do I get a job? Most of my friends say you need to know someone to get myself a job at this point. I've drove to about 8 places in the past couple of weeks that had "now hiring" but haven't gotten a call back and I've sent out a lot of online applications with no luck. All these jobs were pretty much entry level fastfood/manual labor. What's the secret?
Wow holy shit OP I'm just like you. Feels bad man. I tried to get into a trade but that required nepotism too.I'm gonna start a business. Maybe you should try as well.
I'm gonna start a business. Maybe you should try as well.I don't have the money for a business. I wanted a job when I was 16-21 but I was ineligible due to lack of citizenship. Now I have my citizenship but it's pretty much too late. Fuck this gay earth
I dont have money either so I'm going to pitch my idea to people online and have someone with money co-found it with me
Best of luck with that. I wouldn't trust someone that much, especially a random stranger online. They can steal your idea and just take off with it. Remember: Everything in life is an exchange, nobody does shit for freeexcept the mods
can anyone give me any advice at all? I have like less than 2 weeks left to find a job.
What's the secret?soul-crushing persistenceyou will eventually find a job, but it may take a while
nope. You should have come here last year when the board was slower before the normies came. This place is pure shitposting now. Worse than /b/ or /soc/ at this point
I'm no experience with 22 jobs, how do I get a hiring?
as someone who was in the exact same position I know the secret, apply for hundreds and hundreds of jobs. Most entry level jobs you apply for will get 100's of applications, all but about 15 will be discarded. The 10ish% of the time you get through there will be others with more experience and you'll get discarded. Every now and then you'll get a job interview, just try and impress the employer, its hard in most situations and often when you get an interview they already won't employ because of your lack of experience. after about 3-10 interview you should have a job. That will probably take 6 months to 2 years.
By applying for jobs looking for people with your degree.
Join the military.
Lying helps.You really have to be able to sell the lie though.
What's your biggest secret you hide from everyone?
Can't tell you
I pissed in water bottles and kept them in my room long before I knew about 4chan. I left them until a precipitate would form at the bottom then I'd run off the purer pee into a bigger bottle. I ended up having 2L bottles of pure high quality pee and smaller litre bottles of the low grade pee that was full of the junk that settles at the bottom. I don't know why I did it, I would love to know why other people have done the same.mom found bottlesNo more piss jugs for me I just piss in the sink and always hold a little bit off an piss on the carpet in the corner of my room.


I have a similar one. When I was ~16 I decided to fill a couple 2 liters and a laundry detergent jug full of piss in the back room of my basement I lived in the front room. Came home one day to find mom and sisters had cleaned in there and thrown them all out. The dumb thing? They were stashed under the laundry room sink back there.
I hid a squid I had preserved in a jar under my sink in 6th grade once. Mom was not happy.
the things I fap to
My general disdain for human interaction
Elaborate.
That I'm terrible with girls, mind you, only getting them to like me. I'm fine interacting with them, which I think is part of the reason nobody suspects me. Although the one girl who ever liked me said she could tell that I was a virgin so maybe everybody was just laughing at me behind my backBut I'd like to think not, call me hopefully naive
No
I used to just piss and shit on the floor of my bedroom.
Well, I can't think of a reason to avoid posting stuff about animals or scat or dead bodies or whatever on 4cha, so I'm gonna assume what you fap to is actually illegal and would be incriminating to post about from the very device you house it on. Which narrows it down. You dirty birdy.
My biggest secret is I regularly blow all my wages at a brothel in town. I'm an out-of-closet transgender awaiting my op and hate actual relationships, so I visit hookers because thats about all I can emotionally deal with.
Heroin addict.
Lmfao how did that even work, how did you clean it up, wouldn't someone smell it?
Addicted to child abuse
My mom cleaned it up, I got put in special ed for a while because of that.
That I have feelings.
these are the people you spend your time here with
My yandere fiancee wants people dead.
Dem drug feels, so bittersweetStill think about my Ket/MXE days
Ehhh, I think that stuff is a bit too potent. I use good ol' fashioned opium.
I posted my nudes all the time when I was 17~
Where can we find them?
How sad and suicidally depressed I actually amI feign happiness and pride and pretend to be happy with life when in reality it can't be further from the truthI don't think anyone i know has any idea how bad I actually feel on a daily basis
I suck off my cat from time to timeOf all things, this would probably be the last that I'd be willing to tell, if only because it's the only illegal thing I do
I have a bladder disorder called giggle incontinence, i piss every time i laugh. Had it my whole life, nobody has ever found out.
 piss in corner of the room even though bathroom is nearI used to do with was I was like 7I think it might be a psychological thing in mammals to do with marking territory? Not sure. Its interesting anyway.
You sound like my brothers ex gf - she used to stroke her cats balls, even in public. :|
Their all deleted from the archives nowI'm probably the only one who has them anymore
Yh still think about my weed days sometimes
Did he still have them, or was she just stroking his empty sack?I do that sometimes, too
There are three voices in my head that are constantly criticising and undermining me, the only people I have told are you guys.
Same situation here.I have friends, go out etc etc normie shit.If I would hero, people would probably be "omg we had no idea, he was happy etc".fuck.
Yes. He still had them.
I speak to myself. I don't hear voices or anything, I just speak to myself about shit that has happened in the past or shit that's currently going on. It all comes off though as if I am speaking with another person, but I am not. I have done it since I was a kid and I would always get mad when my parents would find out and confront me on it, since I know it's autistic as fuck. I still do it today, but only if I am completely alone. No girlfriends or boyfriends have ever heard me speak with myself. I honestly can't even explain it, I just start going off for sometimes 30 minutes about some stupid shit. I seem to only do it in my adulthood years when I'm stressed out about something, because I never share my emotions with others. I try to appear calm and level-headed around others. I'm a male, by the way.
Don't worry - we all think you're a dick, too. :P
I have phimosisnoone will ever know
Same here.My grandma does this too, so I figured there's a connection.
:P
You sure?Cat balls are bigger than one would expect, an empty sack can sometimes look like it's notI wish my cat still had his balls
Sharing is caring
 I wonder if anyone in my family does this? I had an uncle who killed himself due to schizophrenia, but I know I don't have that. I am just alone often, I really don't hang with people and just browse the internet all day and lift when I am not working. Are you alone often?
I do the same but I know people see through it.Makes it impossible to maintain fulfilling relationships 'cause no one wants to be around a fake personality.
That sometimes when Im alone i dress up as a girl and put a buttplug in and post on /trap/ threads in /b/
Robin, please.
i spend all my awake time in front of the computer when im not in uni or out with friends. They always ask me where ive been and i kinda give half assed answers
im a pedo and have molested kids before.
I wish I was as hot as robin.Once i have my own place with no flatmate im buying so many outfits and dildos.
To cp or you actually are doing it with some kid?
Do you at least feel awful about it?
Are you FtM or MtF?
This is nomal, r-right?
Thanks, anon
MODS FBI
You are fucked now you can't admit that online bruh
I used to hide my depression/apathy but I guess everyone picked up on it after I did nothing but sit in my room every day for over a yearNow I won't ever tell anyone I tried to kill myself or how I have sadistic fantasies or my violent politic opinions. Hell, I just won't ever tell anybody I know how I truly feel. I fucking hate people who unload their bullshit on to you and I never want to be that person.Also this
could be satire who knows you are in 4chan
I hope it is, but I doubt it. Trust me, I'm super self-conscious about it, so much so I do not ever want to discuss it in public or even with a therapist. Just too embarrassing. I mean, no harm done, but people will think you're nuts.
Not really, it depends. I feel awful about not having a socially acceptable sexuality, shit sucks. But regards the molestation part... The times I did, the kids seemed to enjoy it pretty much. Little boys can be quite pervs actually.
Have you ever been caught?
I always get hurt when my friends say the word Nigga in an offensive way, half my family is black, even if my friends don't consider me black I feel bad.And then they ask me why I don't trust them or open to them, ugh...people sucks, keep your guard up, folks.
Little boys can be quite pervs actually.Gross, yet my morbid curiosity wants more details.
Everyone is faking about his personality, wanting to look smarter than they are nicer etç...it's the best thing to do.
same boat here, they call nigger every black person they see/know...it fucking hurts...I mean I'm there...it's not like they do it on my back
Well, I go out every other weekend. Play ball or barbecue on weekdays with buddies, and I study.So I wouldn't say I'm alone that much.But when I do chores around the house when I'm alone, just like you said, I talk to myself about shit going on in the past or past.
Of course I can. What they gonna do? V& me? Only when I was also a minor, so nothing happened because it wasn't oficially a crime. I was 17 and the boy was 11. After that my mother started to put an eye on me around children. But that didn't stop me from doing more stuff. It's been 4 years since the last time I did anything to a child, though.
That I believe in a metaphysical and Heavenly realm, the 2 being separate.
peepeepoopoo
My love for a certain pastel coloured pone
guy friend sucked my dick when I we were around 11 years old.
Did the kids never tell on you?
Tfw you will never have a qt bf who talks to himself
Have you done it since you were little? Have you ever been caught?
Sup Joey
I think it started when I was about 12 or so.I've been caught, but I always play it off as singing or something.
Other than my secret pizza folder?Well, I once tried to finger my aunts dog. Would seperate the flaps, and look at the pink pussy of it.I also once took at shit on the toilet, with my underpants still on. Instantly regret it, and dumped the poop in the toilet. The disgusting thing was, that I hid my underpants under a couch. We don't own that couch anymore, and to this day I have no idea where they went.But both those things were ages ago. The cheese pizza however is still ongoing.
So what did you and the kids actually do?
This one did. To his mom, who tried to put me in jail. Turms out the age difference must be higher than 6 years to be considered pedophilia in my country. But apart from that, no kid ever told. The little dark secret is to creat a scenario where they take initiative, like they are trying to "molest" you. By doing this, the child will think they hold the guilty, as in "I did this, I can't tell anyone be ause it was my fault" But really, children are not that inocent. Some again, SOME were quite the pervs, even to me. They had done tons of things before, and had more experience than most of you. Nasty little kids.
They're here forever Chloe.
I do something kind of similar. I talk to myself in my head, not out loud to myself and sometimes imaginating conversations between myself and others. I think it might be an indicator of psychosis because I have been diagnosed with it before. And schizophrenia is hereditary.
Moving away from cp is always the best option before things get worse. Please trust me. It's hard but the sooner you start the better.
not fucking the dogYou had one job, and you fucked it up so bad you became a pedophileKill yourself
Fuck, I should have played it off as such. I actually caught my mother listening to me when I was 14 outside my door once. Made me paranoid when I lived with her, I constantly assumed she thought I was nuts.
Boys only? What are the girls like ? Were they pervs too ?
What sort of detail do you want? What you think pedos and little kids do together? That's it. thats what i did

Are you male or female?
I mean did you just fondle around with them or did you go so far as to even penetrate them.
boys only.
 I know that since I control it by only doing it when alone, I know I'm not in the nuthouse yet. also, it's something I do as an emotional relief, so it seems.
He wants you to describe it in vivid detail so he can masturbate to it.
MaleI went as further as possible. There is a limit to penetrating an infant, before they start crying, screaming, bleeding and then dying.
I know I should, but sometimes it just turns me too much on. You know those times when you just think "Oh man, I'm so horny, I need to put something up my butt", it's some of those times. I do masturbate to regular porn in general, but sometimes I just get the urge to fap to some underage shit.Actually, it all started when I was around 17. I couldn't get off to normal porn, and wanted to find somebody closer to my own age. So most of the collection is actually girls 15+.But I don't think I'll be able to get rid of the collection. Remember spending 6 hours with a pulsation dick, waiting for some shit on Freenet to download.
Also, one thing is to masturbate to underage girls, a whole other thing is actually doing something with said girls. I have already lived out my fantasy and fucked a 16 year old. But that is also the lowest I'll ever go again.
Have you tried 2D?
No I haven't, could you elaborate?
I molested a 5 year old girlno one must ever know
Wouldn't it be a lot safer to stop jerking it to 3D kids and start jerking off to 2D ones?
I killed my sister's pets
Losing little bit of blood never hurt anybody
I hate everyone
 15 yo girls pedoIs this what americucks actually believe? Are you joking? You are joking right?
Im still on my weed days, its the only way i could stop
Can i be b& for greentexting pedo stories?
As long as you don't post a picture, no.
People also think they're hardcore when they talk about nn on /b/ as cp. I forget how normie people are sometimes.
I hate cp but like nn
I used to be in a very dark place. I was into really twisted shitI had to ween myself off with standard cp then nn then gore, adult bestiality and real rape then finally teen nn and just lesbian bdsm. I feel like I'm close to being normal now but jacking of multiple times a day to that shit every day for months with little sleep and living off junk food and alcohol, completely devoid of hygiene does a lot to your health and libido
I don't really have any big secrets.I have been hiding from my parents the fact that I've done nothing for 6 months when I'm supposed to be looking for work though. They don't ask me about it anymore though.
I have phimosis.
The worst part is you know that six, twelve months from now you're going to have an intense craving for that sick old shit again and you're going to hunt down your old suppliers, or new if they're dead, and regret it the second you cum
I realised that I just had to distance myself from it, delete everything relate to it and detach yourself from any contactsI wish I wasn't so good at sourcing shit on the Internet though because every now and then you relapse and you know exactly what to do to get to where you wantI found the best thing was just to ween yourself off and when you wanted to jack off you do it to something else dirty. I did find it helped to keep a waifu shar s with some pictures just for a hit but slowly moved over to other fetishes. Now I'm completely clean.I feel like I'm getting my emotions back and I'm not completely apathetic like I once was and sometimes I close my eyes and see their faces and think about the pain of it all. I don't know how to stop the dreams about fucking girls as they die though
M2F. Most working girls are cool with it.
I have no secrets. If people ask I tell them I was molested
I'm a fag and nobody knows except one of my internet friends
sometimes I close my eyes and see their faces and think about the pain of it all
I have no issue making friends and getting close to people but after 1 or 2 years I get bored and cut all contact with them.I've done this 3 times already, the last time my "best friend" cried, because of it, and he is one of those guys who never cried, he didn't even cry when his mother died. I didn't feel bad about him crying I felt bad about not feeling anything.
who never cries*
you're probably a psychopath. You should go into finance and be a CEO or something
iktf, feels bad manif i magically got a hot bf i'd tell everyone but it feels kind of pointless when ill never get to act on my feelings anyway
The fact that im in my mid 20s and am still a virgin. You might say that they already know and that would be true if I was the typical aspie, however im not. Ive got the social skills, am good with women and have been intimate with about 6-7 however the most ive gotten out of it were blowjobs. Turns out I have dick problems because my hormones are all messed up. Am being treated for it currently. I have never had a real girlfriend. Literally no one in my life knows this
I've killed several people.
Can someone explain why non-nude is so taboo?
If I'm ever left alone in a room or home where a female lives, I will immediately start looking for dirty panties.
Like the one where the girl is on her front with her legs on the ground pushing herself up with her arms to look into the camera as her entire face is red, her eyes are filled with tears, her mouth open as she's screaming those childish screams from the agony of it all with cum sprayed on her back and a painfully red arse that's obviously scarred like so many others who suffered the same. She's on the carpet on a kiddy's beach towel. It's her father that did this to her. What about the girl who had been tied down, strangled and then raped by the family dog? The one that was kept naked in the dog kennel during the cold American winters for hours at a time who had nothing but misery in eyes permanently filled with tears that never seemed to make it out? The one who's father allowed his friends to come around and cum on her through the cage bars while he recorded video of it all and mocked her during?
 download grindr That's how I went from shut in robot to full sex faggot mode. Had, more than 30 sex partners in two years... Thing is great. The depression still the same though.
Fag
That I'm actively considering suicide instead of looking for a way to fix myselfThere are signs in everything I do, but I doubt anyone is going to pick up on them. Honestly it doesn't bother me even if they do find out. All that will happen is I get therapy for a while and then end up exactly where I am now.
There are many of us former special ed kids on here.
I guess I can let it out here.I don't know how to explain it but I over-obsess and over-think irrelevant hings all the time. I have this thing where I need to know the meaning behind minor facts. I need to remember minor stupid details abut my past.It's hard to describe but for example; I'd be thinking about a conversation with my ex and I couldn't remember this one little thing she said. So I'd sit there for hours just trying to force myself to remember this stupid thing.I can't just not think about it when something like that enters my mind. If I try and ignore it I start to feel weird and tense. It's as if I NEED to know the answer.Like this shit physically stops me from doing everyday work. I don't know, I try to force myself to not think about these things. Sometimes it works but it always comes back when some new irrelevant shit enters my mind.
I raped my 7 year old cousin
literally the worst idea for a trip ever. is that seriously the best you could come up with holy kek
I hope these are just your fantasias and not real videos.
tfw I accidentally drank from my brother's piss bottle when I was a little kid
footfagfatfagAlso,into futasinto hentai in generalinto other weird porn shit
It's also not even a secure trip Laughinggirls.bmpFirst is a collection of photosLast is a collection of photos and videosThe worst are the videos. After spending so long online the stuff you see doesn't really get to you but when more senses are involved that's when it gets to you. Even then I still barely feel anything about it, I feel like I should feel worse, I just wish it would all stop replaying over and over again in my headI can't even fathom that people still find hentai or foot stuff weird or too embarrassing to talk about
Well, the average person IRL isn't very aware that shit like that even EXISTS, let alone accept it.Also, it's not that I'm embarassed to talk about the shit I fap to, it's just that I'd rather not be socially outcasted while I don't find a qt perverted gf.
All that will happen is I get therapy for a while and then end up exactly where I am now.You should be much more afraid and therefore more careful. There are so many horror stories about what happens to people who become inpatient at psych wards, it's truly terrifying.
I like to wear stockings and heels :
Seriously, did my fapping preferances really derail the thread?
Nothing wrong with that. Just fine a hot guy that'll treat you like the woman you want to be.
I've fucked prostitutes.
Not really.I've been there once after a suicide attempt that time it was due to something bad triggering it, rather than a gradual decline like this time and it was fine. Pretty much all they did was watch me for a week, put me on some drugs and get some psychs to tell me to "b urself :v"Besides, I am suicidal. I will die no matter what, and it will not take forever. They can do whatever they want to me, it can't make me any worse than I already am mentally.
That's comic-relief tier stuff in mainstream TV, so I'd say you're good.
Pretty much
How old are you? This sounds like some obscure form of OCD to me
Well I just imagine being in that 'need to die NOW' state with the intolerable feeling of utter despair in my stomach, and not having any means of killing myself, and it scares me so much. Probably my worst fear actually like if I were paralysed from a stroke or something
Have you tried fapping when you get that feeling?I agree with this anon. You might wanna go see a doctor dude.
most of my family thinks i'm at least somewhat normal due to having relatively "manly" hobbiesin secret, i am a huge weeb that faps to loli on the regularif only they knew the truth
joke about meeting grills in classimply that i went out of the house to hang out with friends when parents arent homeinstead just fap to weird shit for hoursI know your feel anon.
no it isn't. women find it disgusting.It would probably be more sexually acceptable to a woman if I had had sex with a 14 year old girl than if I fucked prostitutes.Especially since I lost my virginity to a prostitute and I've eaten out a prostitute's ass before it was heavenly and felt amazing but afterwards I brushed my teeth compulsively. and felt paranoid.
admiting weird shit to your gfIt's your faultnot having a qt gf that accepts or even enjoys the same shit you doAlso your fault
I was sexually abused by my mom while growing up
Jeez man, that's fucked up.
Incorrect answer.It sounds hot. :P
Most of the time when you want to die "NOW" it is something which can pass in time, which seems to be the primary use of psych wards besides crazy people and druggies, that isI guess it's different when it is from a serious injury. That's a case where you really should have a choice to get someone to legally help you to die. In truth, wanting to die is the best wish you can hope for. Whether you accelerate it or whether someone actively tries to stop it, it will still happen.
I've never admitted anything.This is a thread for secrets that you would never tell anyone.
Probably not too hot if it's against your willThen again, I'm not into momcest.
You were the one who said that women find it disgusting. Shit's easy to solve, just don't tell any girls about it.
The thing about it is at the time, you think you like it, you think it's your fault, and you also become terrified of it over time. There was only once where something happened when we were adults, although she did have me under her roof and I had no where to go, so she did have some measure of control in order to manipulate me.I've forgiven her, forgiven myself, and have for the most part moved on, I just carry some emotional scar tissue, so to speak.
I like fat chicks
That's some pretty creepy shit, man. At least you're over it, that's good.
Ma nigga
I only feel anger and sadness
Is there a source or is that just a single gif?
OP pic? It's from FLCL. Go watch it.
stupid wannabe niggers, go glorify the jungle culture somewhere else or grow up from middleschool.
This
How did you discover you are gay?
Probably that I fap to furry porn. I'm not into the whole fur culture thing IE fur suits and having a fur sona, there's just some insanely good artists out there that draw furry shit exclusively and it would be such a waste to dismiss it purely because of that.
Fuck, I used to, for the exact same reasons. Slowly got myself to stop, and stick to more pc fetishes or mainly ones 4chan wouldn't bully me about lel.Reading this thread makes me feel better about my tastes in my pornography, at least it's legal tbh.
Speaking of legality - what actually is the legal status of shit like CandyDoll?.
No americuck here newfriend. The legal age of consent is 15 yo where I'm from, but that doesn't mean it's legal to record such shit. You have to be 18 for legal 'porn', and that's what is frustrating. Anyway, my cock doesn't get much harder than seeing a full grown man squeeze his penis into a toddler. It's just more pleasurable to watch a somewhat grown girl do her thing.Just like Masha  who is actually the girl I was referring to all along
I am currently dating a fat girl no one knows about. Shes funny and smart and is studying to be a doctor but fuck me I would feel a burning shame if I introduced her to family. It only gets tougher the longer the relationship goes on. Ive met her family for fucks sake.
What is your 'dick-problems'?I used to not being able to pull back my foreskin, but after having sex a couple of times, it all got better.
Just encourage her to lose weightThen you have a thing doctor gf who is afraid if she leaves you nobody else will want her
If she lost weight she would be out of his league and leave him
Hm, probably being a footfag.Several people know I'm into sexing up MLP ponies and would fuck a horse if given the chance.
Thoroughly addicted to catfishing and porn, especially shemale porn.Like, really bad.
implying there is anything wrong with shemale porn
I can't remember
I frequently jerk off to ABDL porn
everything is a satire here
not using a VPN with a 4chan pass bought with bitcoin
Shut it down! Shut it down!
VPN4changood luck with that
I can suck my own dick.
implying that's a girl nice joke btw
I've gotten an fwb and I have to hide it from my friends because it'll ruin my innocent aloof boy persona
I'm a chronic masturbator and I get drunk 5-6 drinks most nights, alone.
i've been doing it for a long time with no problem?
I'm a felon. Well, not in the traditional sense. I have two second-degree counts on my juvenile record, so I don't have to answer "yes" to conviction questions on job applications. However, the adjudications do show up when my record is run. They'll be gone when I'm 30, but I'm paying a lawyer $1600 to help me remove both of them within the next 1-2 years. Hasn't affected my life significantly in the past few years. I still got into a good college, have a job, and friends. Just kinda sucks that I've still got the shadow hanging over me. I did that stuff when I was 14 and couldn't imagine doing it again. Hell, I can't even remember what it was like to think stealing from people was an okay or cool thing to do. Fuck you, fourteen-year old me.
Dude, thats almost something to be proud of - turning your life around. If people say you've had your life handed to you on a plate... you got a good story to tell.
Let me guess, you've only tried public proxies and vpns on the first page of google?
Addicted to cheese pizza.I like both sausage and anchovies.
lol ,this guy
I am proud of myself for turning into a better person. But the fact that I ever had to have a turning point is a source of shame for me. I was always a good kid growing up but developed a lot of anger issues due to bullying. I took it out on other people, and hey - here I am today, almost a decade later. My close friends all know about my past, but I never talk about it with them or anyone else. It's fucking humiliating - I'm always afraid that I'll get pulled over by a cop and have them ask, "have you ever been arrested before?" Happened to me once when I was by myself - got pulled over on my birthday when I was pulling out of a McDonald's parking lot because I didn't stop when I was leaving it was 2am. Cop was a pretty decent dude otherwise, but I'm terrified that'll happen when I'm with a friend or girl or something. Hopefully in another year or year and a half I can finally stop worrying about this crap. Fucking hate teenage me, I swear to God.
i have a pretty extreme case of body dysmorphia.have 6 pack, am in great shape. always hate the look of my body no matter what anyone/pictures tell me.can never exercise enough. need to be constantly working out and pushing my body to its physical limits.fuck mental, i have too many thoughts. exercise allows me to block all those out while making myself stronger and more attractive. i literally want to be the best. i am pretty narcissistic. i actually think other people look great/can give genuine compliments easily but ostracize myself to no end.deep down i have no confidence.
When I was 8 years old I touched the 4/5 year old my mom baby sat for a few days before they found out. Had to go to the doctors to make sure I was clean, and the doc thought my mom had made me do what I did lmao. I fucked up her life and mine.
Well, I had many hints of course, but there was one experience in particular that hit me hard... be 8 years old stupid human anatomy class with those childish drawings of our bodies, only the outline of human shape and the internal organs visible see both testicles  somehow i think that males are supposed to have two balls, two separate scrotums, each with a testicleget really worried about it, thinking I'm deformed no male friends to talk about it at home, decide to talk with my older 17~ brother  I tell him I believed I had a birth deformity going on with my balls he doesn't understand I try to explain how my balls are "glued together"  he still doesn't understand and ask me to see it I hesitate, nudity was always a taboo at my home. Could't remember seeing my father or brother naked he insists and I oblige, showing my nuts "anon... There's nothing wrong with it" I don't believe him.  he tells me every male has balls like mine: 2 testicles 1 sack  I still have a hard time picturing it  "here, i'll show you mine"  he puts his dick and balls out, full of pubes. Of course hes probably average sized, but for my little self, it seemed huge, and the hair was so... Different and exotic I get extremely turned on, though I don't understand what the hell I'm feeling.  I ask him to touch it, he says its ok I touch his hairy dick and balls with both my hands  so aroused, mouth watering, heart racing, cheeks burning his dick starts pulsating and growing "ok, anon, that's enough"  he pushed my hands alway and pulled his pants up. I did the same.  I had a boner, but I'm not sure if he noticed the tiny kid boner And that's the most sexual experience I had until late teenager. It doesn't seem like a life turning point, but it made me realize, at 8 years old, that I felt for boys and penises what the other boys felt for girls and vaginas.
I have a tulpa or something close to one.It's a voice I talk to in my head. She talks back.Showed up in my dreams a few times too.
I went to hookers 3 times now, people look at me as some turbo virgin that never saw a tit in his life since I have this innocent look and look like a fucboiI'm okay with that and it doesn't hurt when others look down on me when they somehow berate my lack of experience with girls
Do you think it's possible to realize at 20 years old that you are gay without any hint before? I'm very confused about it.
I have a similar experience. I said earlier I regularly visit hookers, but always assume its "my first time" despite the total lack of nerves ect.Must be my face... or maybe they think TGs aren't the 'type' to go to a hooker that often.
I had that as well but fixed it a long time ago. My current problem is that I cant get it up long enough to have sex I usually dont have that problem when masturbating. Its the result of my stress hormones being off the charts with a combination of low testosterone
Regular exercise improves both testosterone levels and stress levels.Though if you're already doing that - I got nuffin'. Sorry. :Z
I've never eaten tendies.
That I live in constant state of fear.
I'm a necrophiliac.
You can't say this without posting body skeletor
the kind of people that go to hookers are more agressive, they drink, have a shit wife, they want all these fantasies and rough sex like they do in porn. Meanwhile I'm a skinny dude that keeps it all to himselfI just wanted to see all the fuss about sex was all about, felt dissapointed after these encounters tbh. I mean the last one was literally porn-star tier in how she fucked me, too me it all seemed boring and I was "this is it?"this board would be way more mentally healthy if they went to some good reviewd escort to do the job done
Exactly. The only problem with /r9k/'s attitude toward sex is they think it's some magic thing when in reality it's boring and a waste of time. Any person intelligent enough to do other things doesn't need to be wasting their time trying to impress women and submitting to them i.e. haha yea hunny I had 2 poopoo
Totally agree. Pornstar sex isn't really all that great and sex in general isn't some magic past time that makes everything in life amazing.I've fucked a few great hookers and they definitely didn't do the whole pornstar thing.My 1st GF was into the whole pornstar style sex thing. Its basically why we split up and what with all the tg stuff I'm sorting out - having a real relationship isn't worth the hassle. Plus the only girls interested in me are the ones that don't want me to have my cock turned into a pussy, so theres that too. :|So... hookers for me when I get bored of jacking off.
Thank you for the advice. Currently im not very active but will try my best to change that as soon as possible
Definitely wouldn't say there's anything wrong with sex. It can be fun, but I'm an overly horny guy. Just gotta be in the right mood.
I'm actually a normie.
ok listen this: if you are confused you are not 100% straight. But the dirty little secret no one tells you is that almost nobody is a 100 straight or gay. It's the social taboo that stops us from realizing the actual spectrum of our sexuality. It's fluid, and not immutable. Of course this must be taken very carefuly: you can not force yourself to change your desires. It's something that only happens naturally and it's beyond your control. So trying to avoid gay thoughts is not gonna change the fact that they are there. You might not act upon them, but the urges still exist and you are just a fag afraid to enjoy life. Examples such as your, people drastically changing their sexual desires after adolescence, exist, but are rare, and many times used as anti lgbt propaganda: former faggot, converted by christ and the lord ft pitbul. Now, here comes my opinion: as a gay guy, I obviously would vote for you to be gay too. But if you trully never experienced homo feelings while blooming, there's a chance that your gayness is not your primary sexual orientation, but only a cruiosity or phase or sudden desire. You can supress it and go on living confused, or you could stop being a little pussy and start enjoying the advantages of being in the 21st century western world. stop caring for social taboos and prejudices, download a gay app grindr, scruff or even tindr and act upon your desires. Worst case scenario 4u you will like it so much you'll become a full blown faggot and start living the amazing gay way of life. Best case scenario, it will be just a sexual adventure that you will remember and laugh about in the future. But if you are gonna try gay sex, And if you are confused, I sujest you look for a nice boy who you like and desire, so you can be sure about your shits.
Porn addiction is dangerous friend.
anon has it well hereporn and fapping do affect your dick and how it reacts to real sex
TBH, this is good advice. I'm incidentally attracted to men, but never in a romantic way. I can't imagine myself possibly enjoying kissing or dating another dude, but I wouldn't be opposed to some very casual experimentation if I were single. Feeling a certain way on occasion doesn't mean that way is destined to become your highway, bro-ster.
probably the dick sucking I did in middle school. I'm a straight male btw
Then why you sucked dick?Don't you wanna do that again?
Maybe hes also the other anon above that can suck his own dick - circumventing the need to suck someone elses P:
I have Borderline Personality Disorder.My conception of self and what I want changes daily. I don't know what I'll want tomorrow and I don't know why I wanted what I wanted yesterday. The only way that I can keep myself together is by having faith in the legitimacy of feelings that I no longer have. When I was in a four year relationship, I didn't feel it 95% of the time and had to simply trust my memory of having felt for her. I'm very bright and well liked, but I'm terrified that I will never be able to amount to anything due to how capricious I am. The paranoid delusions and inability to make decisions means that I will likely never reach anything resembling my potential. I worry that my lack of identity prevents me from having long lasting relationships. I can't tell what I want outside of the moment.
i'm glad you don't care about my past
Anyone here tired of these threads?
yeah let's compare playing a game to fucking dozens of niggers and having their leftover dna inside your cunt forever
roastie threadsslut shaming threadswomen hate threadswomen btfo threadspost 10/10 women threadsthe constant stream of naked women used as an OP pic threadyou no what, no im not tired of these ^ types of thread at all. I say keep them coming and less of the threads i mentioned thanks. this site doesnt just cater to your needs okay?
No.
How can you love a girl who has had thralls cum on her face?
but it does
By posting these threads constantly you get yourself out of discussion-material. Whores gonna whore anyway. Only roastie-threads make me laugh.
The funny part is the average female would look down upon you if they found out you played/play WoW and would see that as being more degenerate than them having sucks 500 dicks.Even society would back the female up...as would tons of white knights.
spending your youth exploring your sexualitysocialising with other human beingshaving fun and partyingno thats wrong and evil according to robots but wasting your life away in fantasy never achieving anything tangible now THATs okay. /s
literally one of the most retarded posts I've read this morning
no thats wrong and evil according to robotsIt's considered wrong and evil by at least 3 billion people on the planet.......are you calling half the world population robots?
ThisI would rather have my hypothetical daughter fuck the entire south side of Chicago than hate herself for wasting her life like I did
being a degenerate faggot that parties and consumes drugs in his youthachieving anythinglel, fuck off roastie
I'm glad you don't care about my past thrall
What tangible benefits do you receive from any of that besides? literally nothing. Not defending people spending years of their life on WoW but what you just said is fucking spastic.
That's Fucking disgusting
says the robot who would kill his own mother or worse to redo his life so he could live like a degenerate faggot that parties and consumes drugs in his youthyou arent fooling anyone loser
I'm glad you don't care about my past illidan
hmm lets see interacting with a wide range of other human beings face to face is valuable wealth of knowledge that would come in handy in your everyday life especially as you get older. Aside from dwarves and elves and your parents and shit posting world hating frogs, what does your little bubble of experience contain. literally nothing as you so put it.
That's not tangible. That would be intangible. Stupid woman.
stop projecting, I've been at more than enough degenerate parties during my youth, stopped going when I matured. The experiences on WoW were golden compared to that, I kinda miss roaming through the streets as a teenager though.Why do faggots always project that we're all fat neckbeards? is it to make your shitty arguments appear better?tfw 220 OHP PR at 10% bodyfat :^
tfw wow turned to absolute horseshittfw remember how cool the levelling experience and sense of discovery of vanilla/burning crusadewow needs to die now.
face to face you mean face to cocks? yea, sure is a valuable life experience, especially when you do it the 100th time
come play on nostalrius . it is everything you remembered ;
A girlfriend
we're glad you don't care about our pasts anons!
This game is my life. Play it 6+ hours a day and 12+ hours on off days.
I wish I had played WoW instead of done drugs with friends as a teenager, I'd probably be marginally better off
but wasting your life away in fantasy never achieving anything tangible now THATs okay. /syea because getting drilled and shitfaced is such an achievement.muh social lifemuh sexuality
tfw gamer girl kills your guild and ruined wowFucking whores REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
be in guildhealer makes it blatantly obvious that she's a girlshe's all giggly and flirty in vent and the officers and gm love herignore itparticipate in everything the guild doeshealer participates about half the amount of time I dolog in one dayhealer has been promoted to officer/gquitAbout a month later the guild ceased to exist. I blame it on the officers and gm for being thirsty betas more than I blame her though.
Anyone else stopped playing video games all together after quitting WoW? I tried finding other games that would hold my interest but found nothing. I don't play games anymore and it feels like there's a hole in my life despite having quit WoW years ago.
When I did play WoW I would only ever play on servers that had brotherhood guilds, at least before those types of guilds were apparently no longer allowed to exist because muhsoggyknee. Those were the days.drama and rage almost non existentvoice chat wasn't constantly being spammedeveryone knew their roleno constant pissing contests over some 300lb landwhale with a mic
goddamn im so glad im a guy. If i was held to the same standard women are held to, no one would want me after all the girls ive fucked. id be so depressed if just losing my virginity meant i was no longer desirable to women, thank fucking god it's the opposite for us, only virgins are undesirable
Can we get some more greentext stories about females ruining games? Plz guys
mfw people who play this game 50 hours a week know less about Warcrafts lore than me who only played WC2 and 3 all in all for 50 or maybe 100 hours.
I felt like that for a long while after I stopped playing retail WoW. I tried to fill the void in my time by playing other MMOs, working or just playing other games but nothing helped. I'd suggest trying out a private server if you literally cannot fill the void with anything else, go and look for Nostalrius on the /vg/ board.
I like games more than I like girls.
Bugged to hell and back and raiding bugged content with GM´s is no fun either.Delude yourself in your containment thread.
Mfw I got stuck in the second chapter or whatever of WC2 and never started WC3. WC1 was awesome. My whole family would quote it all day..."Yes m'lord!".
WC1 and WC2 were only worth the story, WC3 was GOAT.
All those buzzwordsall that edge
tfw no true vanilla experienceThe only guild I was ever in was on Scriptcraft. It was great while it lasted though.Too bad the guild was falling apart and the server was going to shit. The people were all pretty cool though. Come to think of it, we were all only there for what, 15-20 days before everything went to shit and I stopped playing. Still, those 15-20 days were fucking great, can't believe it was almost 4 years ago.RIP Autism, never forget the professional scripting
I never got to experience the classic attention seeking girl trope unfortunately but I did go through multiple different guilds where there were middle aged women with husbands and children playing the game. It was pretty bizarre. I had one guild leader whos husband and mum raided with us.
it's the same for me with runescape
Bitch I ain't fuck an elf or shit so fuck off
exploring your sexualitylel, people still believe this?
implying you can't do bothfucking plebs.
oh fuck off you don't overhead press almost 2pl8, faggotvideo or get the fuck out
/swow reddit alert
join guild as overgeared main tankliterally everyone in the guild is a doctorso what do you do?I got drunk and gquit later that day
Wow is better then ever now that you can buy gametime with gold

tfw playing on a Wrath serverBC best expansion
play WoW in 2005-2006Gross you're such a nerd manchild get away from meplay WoW in 2012-2015LOL my guild just could not beat this boss for the longest time, they only beat him once or twice before I joined and now they say it's soooo easy I must be soooo good at healing xD
mad coalburner detectedstay disgusting shitcunt
you mean this isn't it. Oh no not that feel.
help. I don't want to do anything. every day I just sit at my computer and get bent out of shape because I have anxiety about not wanting to do anything. I don't know where I'm going in life and I don't know how to follow my dreams. I don't even have any dreams anymore. And every night when I want to escape into an actual dream I can't for some reason so it's just more of the same shit the next day with no break. How do I become happy again? truly happy?
I'm the same, but you can get out by doing something. But, I won't.
I was the same, until I decided to just walk outside.
what's different?
Walk away from the computer, get some exercise ideally during the day under some sunlight, it can be something just as simple as going for a 20-minute walk or a bike ride or lifting weights.Improve your body and your mind will follow.Same here.Serotonin boost, more oxygen flow to your brain, you don't feel like a caged animal.
anxiety about not wanting to do anythingThe doing comes first. The wanting comes later.You basically have to force yourself to do shit at first. Then it becomes natural.Rule of inertia.
, 
hey guys I'm a girl200 replies
but i really am a girl
Kill yourself.
So what if I'm really a girl? What's the problem?
The problem is you haven't killed yourself yet. Get on that as soon as possible.
Yeah okay, nice arguments.
Good. Now go kill yourself.
Women are meanies 400 replies
no I'M a girl
Kill yourself.
THE ONLY WAY TO GET THROUGH A THICK NORMIE'S SKULL IS WITH A BULLETBETA UPRISING NOW
 not evolving into a normieLel
not getting through from the inside out
What part of "you're all lazy cowards and it'll never happen" do you fucks not get? Just because 1/1000 of you are mentally retarded enough to go get yourself killed doesn't mean the rest of you betabots can even motivate yourself enough to see if sunlight is still a thing. Go back to slowly dying in front of a monitor and and killing your mother with disappointment.
Just become a neet. That's the ultimate revenge on normies lol. Wagecucks keep getting BTFO in those neet threads every single time
thinking about girlimagine moving in together and splitting rentfapped just nowfucking relieved that when I turned around I was still safe in my room and not attached to anyoneEvery time, if I was in a relationship I'd be unbelievably unhappy.
tfw you're fapping thinking about your oneitistfw when sexual thoughts excite you but not to the point of orgasmtfw you cum thinking about kissing her and holding hertfw you realize intimacy is your new fetish
until I fapped all I really wanted to do was hug on a bed and then progressively get more aroused until I start grinding and just stick it inluckily that's not a problem now but being a dancing monkey for your boner is hell
fapping to whatever, probably some hentaistart thinking about herstart thinking about sweet, vanilla lovemaking on our wedding nightkeep fapping for 5 minutes before I realize what I'm doingI'm a lost cause aren't I
I just start thinking about how we'd be kissing and holding each other and how it would feel to have my dick pressed between our bodies as we kissed. I'd think about the way she'd moan into the kiss as I grind my dick against her abdomen. Then I come and remember how pathetic I am and roll over and go to sleep.
Go to your favorite local businesslook at reviewstry to find an attractive girlpost it here
Would you?
Yes.
thats how she would really look, she even mention her body is muscled and unattractivei still would love her thoughalso saber being popular on r9k makes sense
Why do you hate women so much?
I don't. It's mostly the retarded /pol/tards screaming: MUH DEGENERACY
I don't. Sometimes they're just annoying because they tend to solve problems more complicated
they pretend emotions
It wouldn't be so bad that they live on easy mode if they would stop acting like victims.
Because they only want white guys
Because they hated me first.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Have you seen all these disgusting "femdom" threads? They don't hate women, they hate themselves.
Fuck off racist piece off shit.
Coz their subhuman scum that demand deserve the right to equaility
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
i am not msiogynistic but i am a realist.i do hate myself though, sadly.
nobody cares
I don't. I just don't like how they won't have sex with me.
i know ;_;
stop being ugly then
I dont, women are in fact cool and good
We think too much.
Abusive mother, bullying, rejection, I feel inferior and resent their social privileges, abandonment and trust issues, the list goes on.
I'm working on it.
Really? It feels very r9k to me.Men and women solve problems as they think is the best way, most of the time is not objectively the best way.You don't know this, you believe they pretend emotions.I think this is the reason for most robots.
I don't. I just avoid romantic relationships with them because I know I'm not attractive enough to retain a girl above a 2/10 that I cannot be attracted to.
Because they keep telling me these "jokes" that just aren't funny. I mean I'm no Louis CK or anything but it really looks like women just aren't capable of being funny. idk tho
You have borderline personality disorder. That's why you keep wondering if you're autistic. Also you want to have sex with your mother
You don't know this, you believe they pretend emotions.I had a gf for over a year,seen enough shit.friend's gf does the same tricks.She likes pic related, these things changed the poor girl's mind.
You don't know this, you believe they pretend emotions.so you either fall victim to their bullshit, or you're shamed and berated for not doing it. wow, sure seems like a winning equation to keep people under the thumb, eh?
because there spoiled whores
I believe 2 people act like this, so everyone must be the sameNeither of those things
fuck you white trash
