You faggotscome onget in twtchwe're in a chatfuckincome onloserswhat're you doinghurt ppl wit us
link?
 Where do you live? Where do you want to live?
SwedenNorthern Finland
pennsylvaniathe netherlands
kentuckykentucky
Whats the difference?
USAMontevideo
is this that anon who every once in a while posts a thread about living in SoCal and how it never rains
San DiegoAnywhere that isn't America
AustraliaSomewhere more humid, I'd like to live in America though because of the gun laws and there being generally more of everything and quicker/cheaper.
Santa Monica Santa Monica sweden when I retire from acting
Eastern united states Deserted island in the middle of the pacific ocean
ManhattanMontana
You should come with me to Japan, fellow diegoanon
I live in SocalI want to move to PNW or East Coast
netherlandsgreenland, iceland, antarctica, siberia, mojave desert, any australian desertI want to live in an inhospitable remote location far away from everyone else for no particular reason
pic relatedpic related is more than fine
MinnesotaSomewhere remote
fellow san diegan here.fucking hate it here, climate sucks and nobody likes anything other than hiking and bro culture. I romanticize living in Alaska or Japan a lot, been to Alaska twice and stayed for a month once, I don't think I could live there. I'll probably move back to san fransisco some day, at least I could wear black and be an edgy fashion faggot without anyone batting an eye. here everyone's like 'oh you're into fashion? you must be gay and here's the agenda we're pushing today'
AlaskaSomewhere much much hotter than here. I'll go with Aswan, Egypt. Sunniest inhabited place on earth.
My gut says no but those trips say yes. Please don't steal my kidney.
PanamaAnywhere that isnt the US.Preferably Panama
 Where do you live?ohio Where do you want to live?haida gwaii
In Bumfuck NowhereIn Bumfuck NowhereSeriously though. You just can't trust any other person completely.I'd rather be left alone with my cat, my dogs and my guns.
West Virginia Oh god, please, someone get me out of here
SoCal as well.I'm going to live in NYC one day. I don't even give a fuck.
San diego is horrible. I wanna get away from here as soon as possible
Tennessee Literally anywhere else besides this god forsaken state
los angelesswabia
Fellow PennAnonpennsylvaniaI want to live in Egypt because thats where all the literally hot egyptian girls are also because I'm a contractor and I will do literally anything for money as long as it isn't sucking dick.
Why? I hear Tennessee is quite nice and better than Kentucky
seattle waiceland or some other beautiful place with farmland
thats an island of lazy natives...if you are looking for the laidback hippie islands, they are further south. gabriola island, salt spring island, or keats island are the main ones. Where do you live?BC Where do you want to live?BC without the asians
Nothing ever happens. At all. I cannot remember anything exciting ever happening in all of the years I've lived here. Plus since I live in a small community I'm expected to care about bullshit small town politics and who's sucking who's dick for who's favors
 Where do you live?Hong Kong Where do you want to live?Japan, or maybe Scandinavia.
egyptian living in pennsylvania herespend every day waiting for the day I can retire and move to Norwaytfw retirement is at least 40 years away
thats an island of lazy natives...which is exactly what im looking for. lazy pot smoking natives. and beautiful rainforest
How is Egypt? I'm interested to move there eventually if its even possible. I just want an escape for awhile.
BosniaNova Scotia,CA
EnglandEnglandhave some pride you little faggots
they arent lazy pot smokers. theyre alcoholics who blame white people for all their problems.
Fuck you. At least it rains in England. Southern california is hell on Earth
Muuuch better.
white people did kill like 3/4 of their population in the late 1800'sbut its whatever. i look native as fuck anyway, pic related
lets escape this world together anon.
/r9k/ I've been talking to this chick for about a month now and things are starting to bother me. Literally nothing has happened. I'd like to be in a relationship with this girl because shes really cool. Heres the rundown:1st date: Goes well, Lot in common, go back to her place and netflix n shit. I make a move and shes hellah into it but all we do is make out because she "wants to save some for later". Im ok with this. 2nd date: Hang out at her place and watch some tv bullshit and eat pizza/drink. I try to make a move again but she doesn't want much of it. Keep trying but she says "she has a 12'o clock curfew" so I kind of give up and say goodnight.3rd date: Go to a museum and have fun. Go back to her place and have a talk about the 2nd date because I feel like I did something wrong. She claims she doesn't want to get played and im no playa. Nothing happens.4th "Hang-out": She calls me crying drunk at 9pm because shes at her girlfriends 21st birthday and doesn't know how shes gonna get home. I sucker up and go out of my way after I get home from work and get her and her car and go back to her place while my brother drives my car home. She wants me to spend the night which I do but she's drunk so I felt uncomfortable trying to bone her like that. Next morning is kind of awkward and shes hung over and takes me home and I kiss her goodbye etc.And thats it over the course of a month. We were supposed to hang out tomorrow for her 21st but some big drama came up in her life and now shes staying in or some stupid shit and going to vegas for the weekend. She told me she can see me after vegas which makes it literally two weeks of not seeing her outside of snapchat. We text each other daily too.I actually really like this girl which I why im holding onto this but I feel annoyed at the whole situation. She wants a relationship but I feel like everything is just so fucking slow.Am I being retarded?
What did he realize r9k?
His people did 9/11
BUT WHO WAS PHONE?
he lived a life of expectation, that when he truly confronted himself, he realised that he had never truly lived a day in his life.
no one that smart could still believe life is worth living
That's not a fun fact.
this guy sounds like meexcept cops stopped me than I drank a lot
WTF fun factfun factfun
That jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
His mom was a loon.
That dumb people are much happier than intelligent people.
He was the first to contact alien life of which controlled his mind to make him commit suicide so the beans stay unspilled.
he wasn't pressured to achieve or anything though. he did that shit because he wanted to
It all makes sense now.That explains why Hitler killed himself.
Probably that he was a raging homosexualistor he just wasnt as smart as they thoughtI mean he obviously wasnt if he cucked himself at 14
, 
Femanons,What do you think of comediennes?
They're never funny.
Femanons,Stop this, stop asking for the opinions of women specifically as if they matter more. This kind of bullshit is exactly what perpetuates gynocentrism.If you're really that fucking interested in the bland bullshit of women, go to /adv/ and post in the "ask someone of the opposite gender" thread.What do you think of comediennes?Literally all of their material is:"Muh vagina""Men, amirite?"Feminist bullshitIf she's a dyke "Straight people, amirite?"If she's a dyke "Muh LGBTBBQWTF"The female comedian who can make a joke without constantly referencing her femininity is rare, perhaps even non-existant
I don't watch much stand up comedy unless it's old George Carlin stuff. I read more comedy than I watch.I really like Tina Fey's writing though, her book is pretty great. She has a good cadence to it. I like her shows too, there's a huge element of her writing that comes out in dialog.I also really like the writer Susan Orlean, she writes nonfiction and even though she doesn't always have funny topics she's able to deliver her jokes really well. Sometimes she reminds me a lot of Dave Barry in the way she delivers, though his stuff is always humor focused while hers fluctuates depending on the topic.

Give me an honest opinion on pic related.

I'd bang her, but her personality is repugnant, so I'd do it with a condom and never call her back
Isn't most of Amy's material about how of a mondo slut she is?
Amy SchumerMost unfunny boring sack of shit I've ever seenNext
LOOSE WHITE PUSSIES
TIGHT ASIAN MINGES
That's not true, I watched a comedienne do a whole bit on Jaws 4 last night and it wasn't even related to her period
Maria Bamford is queen. Amy Schumer is fucking awful she's like blue collar guy comedy for girls.
J e s u s women are stupid
I'm not going to watch over 50 minutes of a woman pretending to be funny. Give us the best/worst bits.
They get super fucking mad when you call them comediennes
No one's posted SHOES LMAO yet?still can't bring myself to watch the whole thing.
She has a few sketches and jokes that are funny and a funny personality but I rarely laugh listening to her.
tfw can programtfw good at mathtfw can't draw wellThis sucks. I just want to draw fetish porn. Art is hard. Who else here feels like this?
tfw can drawtfw too dumb for math and I want to program fun stuff
posting the opposite of what you said because its quirky and original
just got to translate the art to science man like if you like those circles and formulas for cylinders and shit then perspective line drawing should be cake walk for you
unique ip countsI've considered getting some 3d models of humans and animals to pose and then draw with, but that feels like cheating. It's not tracing, but it still feels wrong. I'm not sure how many artists do this. So many cool people can just pull shit out of nothing. I'm trying to find ways to condense images to the bare minimum, but I still need to practice.
tfw can programtfw good at mathtfw naturally gifted at arthaha
Dude just write your fetish porn.That's what I do. I'm not really good enough to draw it well but SOMEDAY.Seriously though, practice makes perfect.
tfw can't writetfw can't drawtfw can't do mathtfw can barely lifttfw can't play musictfw can't do sports very wellyou don't want to know these feels, and I wish I never did
I already write my fetish porn. I want to draw it too.I'm sorry anon.
Takes time . all you can do is keep practicing
What kinds of stuff do you write?Have you tried taking art courses to get good drawing fundamentals down?
Don't be a talent hog, OP. We artists need something over you nerds
I can draw semi-okay, it's hard though OP. But fetishes are just too cool to not want to provide for people. Can you imagine being attracted to something really specific and not being able to find the right porn for it?Those people would pay top-dollar for super-specific fetish art, plus it'd just be cool to do except when explaining your line of work to someone: "I-I'm a freelance artist..".Here's my attempt at fur stuff, it's so hard understanding proportions and facial expressions.
What kinds of stuff do you write?It's specific so I'm not going to go into detail.Have you tried taking art courses to get good drawing fundamentals down?Nope. I just finally decided to pick up a pencil after years of no art today. It's hard.That's fucking majestic.
Now I have to knowLooks good, though I'm not into that stuff.Can you imagine being attracted to something really specific and not being able to find the right porn for it?Exactly why I write it.Wouldn't pay money for it though, to be honest, but that's probably because I feel like I can produce for myself.
Now I have to knowThis thread's going well so far. I don't what to fuck it up by telling you what I write about.
Keep drawing. I got better without realizing it. Just try to avoid cutting corners so you can practice and improve. For example, amateur artist draw people with their hands in their back pockets because they can't draw hands.Also, /ic/ has some good amateur threads. You can post you art there for critique.
you're part of the problem
If you go to ic they all use references.
that bad, huh?
Thank you, the proportions are really off but I'm happy someone enjoys it anyways.Probably not everyone, but some people would commission it, same as they pay for regular commissions. Writing would seem good, but one would have to be very in-tune with what is attractive about the featured fetish, which can be hard for people who aren't attracted to the fetish like a commissioner. At least this is what I think to be true, which is why despite being a decent writer myself, I have refrained from writing these kinds of things for money.
So...I said I'd post updates. And here I am.She stopped working. She's living with a friend. Right after I last saw her she sent me a lot of sweet messages and pics. Then she was silent days. Her phone was disconnected. I was fraught with insecurity. Eventually she messaged me back. But seemed distant and aloof. She's a 10/10 that should be dating a CEO or a Doctor. I figured she figured it out. But...today. Something happened. I seized the initiative. Here's what happened. I sent her an old pic of me that is way hotter than I look today. She was interested. She asked me if I got a haircut. I said yes. I got her talking a bit. And then I asked her out. She said maybe. Then she turned me down. Her excuse was bullshit. Oh I can't hang out all night because I just started talking with a friendShe might as well have said she was washing her hair. So things were looking bad. Then I made it worse. I pretty much started begging her for attention. We don't have to go out.I'll come over and deliver you food and rub your feet all night and youI was fucked. She was eventually likeDude: Just stop.I apologized profusely. But I made a fortuitous mistake. I was sounded so upset in text that she decided to call me. But by that time, I had given up. Despondent, I grabbed a cheeseburger and started texting up an old GF. By the time that the whore called me, I was actually at peace with the whole situation. Zen with it. And the whore could hear it in my voice. And at that point I seized the initiative. Later in the evening, she was texting me. I even told her I was texting with an old gf and that made me feel better. She thought I was talking about my current gf. She got super jelly. When I told her the girl was one I broke up with like 10 years ago I could practically hear the sigh of relief.Then I told her that I wanted to be with her. That I didn't care that she'd banged 600 dudes. cont
I told her that I wanted to make it work. Even if she had a complicated past. But before she could say anything I cut her off.I've got to be up early tomorrow. Think about what I said. Sweet dreams.I think I've got her hooked. We'll see how it goes tomorrow. But I think, as long as I don't tip my hand too much, I've got this.
fuck off you slut enabling cuck
This girl is way out of my league. I'm happy to be cucked by this slut.
shes like 6/10
faggot she's kpop tiershe's cute as hell op but god damn, penis intake at double digits and you should REALLY think about thisyou could find girls like her in abundance in korea i bet
By my calculations. She actually has banged like hundreds of dudes.She's still hot. And she's STD free. Somewhat miraculously. And...in addition to being stunning and innocent looking and quite a bit younger than me she is absurdly good at sex. Because practice makes perfect.
Are you that malaysian guy?
I'm white. American
Dude you gotta be kidding me with this shit. You might get a girls attention this way but you'll never make her yours
oh man i can smell the unwashed neckbeard perfume of op from a mile awayno normal person would want a literal gook whore
, 
Best deodorant coming through.
I'm allergic to propylene glycol and can't use that stuff. The safest options for me are those natural hippie deodorants they sell at Trader Joe's and Whole Foods.
Wrong.
Shill thread?Shill thread
*Yawwwwwwn*Hey, I didn't see you there, vaginaslave! Did your gf let you use the computer again? Oh, what's that? She wants to go see that boring chick flick with you? That's too bad, gotta go so maybe she'll give you sex tonight. Well, she'll lay there like a dead fish the whole time but sex is sex, right?Don't mind me, I'll just be enjoying my hobbies and using my free time as I see fit. with no woman around to please, I get to keep both my time AND my hard earned money for myself. Do you even remember what your hobbies were?Too bad you'll have to spend another sunday being dragged through clothing shops instead of doing what you actually desire, and improving yourself and maybe even society in the process.But the sex is totally worth it right, vagcuck? Well, you go ahead and continue being a slave to vagina, I'll be here enjoying life as a free man.
This has got to stop.
It's 1am.
your silly
enjoying life as a free man
my hard earned moneywhat a cuck
I ride my husband like he's a stallion. Also, we each have our own laptops.But keep telling yourself whatever you need to in order to fight off the depression of being alone :^
tfw my girl sucked my cock this morning so I would pick her up from work todayIts a 50/50 relationship for me, but how's jacking off 4 times a day and eating yourself to death going for you neetslave?
roasties are mad these are some great assumptions friend. yet the only thing you and I know for sure is you're a slave to the V
an actual whorethinking her opinion mattershaha kill yourself harlot
Why would I be mad? This website is entertainment for me. If what I saw bothered me, I would just go to another board, or even another website.But no, you guys are fun to debate, and I don't mind giving out advice when the situation warrants it. I'm not mad at all. I'm more amused.
It's funny that you assumed op is depressed becaus he's lonely because it actually confirms his assumption that men are vagslaves.
mfw i literally own my gfi have a form that states she is my propertyshe is my personal cumdumpstertop kek lad
he believes herlaughinggirls.jpg
If you say so.
Lel, enjoy her cucking you and divorcing you for half of everything you have
Literally none of this applies to me, except sometimes she stays around longer than I'd like without going home.
Every time I'm on this board I have the thought... "why do I fucking come here"That probably nice
do i have hope for my 4 inch dick
A person who saved herself until after a marriage proposalA whore.Whatever you tell yourself to get to sleep at night.
Depends on the girl. At my OBGYN, I was told that I was especially "deep" when getting an IUD put in. But even though I'm deep, my husband backwalls against me if he's not careful, and he's a little over 7.But if you want to know the truth, sex is more important to you than it is to us. We like intimacy, and sex is a part of that, but there's more to intimacy then just sex.What matters the most is that you do your best. If your equipment is lacking, then do what you can to make it enjoyable for her. You can't help what you have, but you can do your best without apologies, and I think that's what I find more attractive than anything.
that makes me feel better
Would you like more advice? If you have more specific questions, I can answer them, or I can just give you generalities.
What if I have a huge dick, but no girl will ever know because none of them ever come up to me and talk to me?
vagslavesBTFOTFO
I can't help but laugh when see vagcucks bragging about their gfs, its like they don't even realize this is just the honeymoon phase, the real fun begins when they have kids and have to watch them grow up to be ungrateful little faggots/whores, while I'll still be free to expand my mind and enrich my life with all of my free time without having to worry about little timmy coming out as trans or bethany bringing home a jamal, but by the then the divorce papers will have longed been filed so you should be use to the disappointment by then, maybe.Honestly I pity them, but this is the fate of shortsighted betas and whores.
What matters the most is that you do your best.lol. confirmed man.
Once again, presuming you don't want a slutty girl, dick size isn't going to mean all that much. If anything, a huge dick can really be a hinderance. I'm ok with my husband, but some friends that I had in high school talked about their experiences, and if it's too big, it will hurt. Granted, it will hurt in a good way while a woman is having sex, but she'll feel it for a few days afterwards, too. After the initial passion wears off, that becomes a negative.But you really need to stop focusing on that. Yes, it matters, but it's never a game breaker, no matter what.You need to focus on the times outside of the bedroom, because she does too, unless, again, she's a slut. As far as how to attract a woman, she likes to feel special. This is going to sound contradictory, but you make her feel special simply by giving her something that you don't give many people, while not putting her up on a pedestal, and treating her like a goddess. Getting attention from someone who rarely gives anyone attention is more eye catching that making me feel like something that I know I'm not.Think what you want. I have nothing to gain typing all this out, and it's just keeping me from watching Parks and Rec, as I am pausing it to type all this out.
do girls really want to psychologically fuck with you over something she wants
This is going to sound contradictory, but you make her feel special simply by giving her something that you don't give many people, while not putting her up on a pedestal, and treating her like a goddess.I've heard both the first part and the second part of that before, but never together, and never with the knowledge that the two points contradict but the audacity to join them anyway. Amazing shitpost, please give us more.
Yes, if you let her get away with it. Why do you think that there are always the orbiters? You are there to supplement a shitty relationship because they can get what they want from you, without having to give you anything that you want intimacy, romance, sex, etc. The phrase, "Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?" comes to mind.Stop that. You're not an orbiter. You're a person, and your time is worth something. Don't give a woman what she wants with no strings attached, or she knows she'll be able to manipulate you.In the relationship, this can also be true. This is why women get hit by men, and stay with them. Imagine a woman pressing your buttons and out maneuvering you in an argument for hours on end women used to have to get what they want through manipulation of men, it would only make sense that this would be a natural skill for women to have. Eventually, even though you love her, you snap, and you hit her. She stays, because she knows she pushed you to that point.I'm not excusing the act, but it is easy to see why it happens. An adult women will realize how cruel she is being, because it's the equivalent of a man pushing around a 1 legged child when it comes to a man vs a woman in an argument.
You have to ask specific questions for me to have specific answers, anon. I can give general advice that I've learned over the years both first hand and vicariously, but none of that will necessarily help you. Focus on the last sentence of that paragraph, as well, because a lot of younger men who don't have confidence tend to give amazing amount of attention to all sorts of women, without ever asking for, or even implying that there should be, anything in return.Get to know us over a week or two, and you like us, come right out and say it! Don't dilly dally for months. And if the woman is in a relationship, that's her decision to make on which one she wants more. If she doesn't choose you, then start withdrawing your attention from her. Be friendly, but don't just listen to her talk and give her advice and tell her that she's perfect and her boyfriend is a dunce. Those are her problems, not yours.
No offence to the poster but this is why I fucking hate woman, they turn human interaction into a fucking game, you can't just be real with them like you can with fellow men, you have navigate through their childlike thinking patterns and little petty nuances. I swear if I ever get a gf I'm gonna treat her like shit just to avenge all the beta men she left in her path.
implying she wont fucking kill you
You can be real with women. Hell, you can even be real with women that you want to date. But if a woman sees you giving out free hugs, massages, and advice to literally everyone, why would she want to exchange anything for what she sees as a willingly free service?
Pls stawp these threads.Please..
I doubt she'd care if I was attractive enough.
you will never break her hymenyou will never look down on your dick and find it covered with her hymen bloodyou will never see the look on her face during her first penetrationwhy even bother with sex?
breaking a girls hymenhow would you like your foreskin ripped in half? use foreplay correctly so you're not hurting the poor girlbut who am i kidding, none of you losers will ever see a vagina in real life.
die soon
Well I did do the first two things with current gf..All three with an ex.Sup?cartman_crapped_on_your_desk_dog_whats_up.webm
I took a girls virginity and she didn't bleed on me. Later on I dated a girl who wasn't very experienced with sex who would bleed from getting fingered too hard. blood doesn't always mean virgin guys, most chicks break their hymen with a tampon or while experimenting with themselves before the age of 13.
What foreskin, goy?
The one requirement for being a robot is not enjoying life.
well that's easy. I can literally just stop enjoying life right now if I wanted to.cool. being a robot is no sweat.
kissless virginity is much more important
Fuck offessential qualifications are:VirginSocial dysfunctionYou CANNOT be a robot without these two things.
good job getting everyone else to stop posting here. very effective.
You cannot be a robot if you take a modicum of personal responsibility for your life.This is the only qualification.
ThisIts more about the virginity, especially into the 20s
, 
hahahaha what the fuck, you played that WoW game for all those years!?!?! fucking LOSERyes i do care about your past, YOU FUCKING FREAK EEEEWW WEIRDO EWW get the FUCK away from me you fucking FREAK
I love nerds!!!I love gayming; I'm such a gaymerrrr
trying just a lil too hard there bud
This is why I never stopped playing WoW.
is this going to be the new wageslave vs NEET?
nearly everyone who knows about wow who seen me play wow has said something negative about this game to feed their ego
highschoolnot a "gamer", just spend most of my time on the internetpeople identify me as a gamerget "bullied" by people saying my computer sucks and that i'd probably be able to beat them in any game because i had no lifeeveryone starts to play video games because of lol so funny nerd cultureJust leave me b
My face is up here anon.
Roasties BTFO
Kek epic win OP XD
Seriously though.Who the fuck actually eats at Arby's?It's just a bun, liquid cheese, and cheap sandwich meat.My sister, who briefly worked here, told me all they do when they prepare food is to microwave it.I literally can't think of a worse fast-food restaurant.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yea, yea.Ree, ree to you too.
, 
Do you remember the days when you were edgy?
I still am.
Still am, at least by 4chan's standards.My negro.
The edgy meme is shit and has to stop
I am still an atheist, to be honest, its weird how 4chin suddenly became so religious
Is it really a meme, or is it just a catch-all phrase you can fling at people?
I can't even share my violent misogynistic revenge fantasies on here anymore without getting called edgy.
ITT you post people who are all around superior humans to you and others. I'll start with Arnold here.great muscle building genetics, gained in one year what some would only gain in ten years, from weightlifting/powerlfitingwon medals in weightlifting and powerlifting, very competitive a high IQ of 135, again with the great geneticssmart enough to use steroids in a way that didn't result in him dying at the age of 40-50 unlike that faggot Zyzzsmart enough to become governor of California, a powerful statehandsome Germanic traitscharismatic
Mexifornian here, being governor of our state is nothing to be proud of.
Yeah I live there too and it is fucking hell hot, crowded, traffic, mexicans, but it is a powerful state. Look at the GDP.
He has 135 IQ? He always sounds stupid. Maybe it's because English isn't his first language.
tfw I got diagnosed with cancer today
cool story
lol git rekt
You wish.
what kind of cancer?
Lucky.
Reminder that Chad will be fucking your crush during your funeral
bowel
I'm sick and tired of fucking normies getting to die earlier than me. WHENS IT GONNA BE MY TURN!!!?
what stage? I don't know much about cancer but a lot of them are curable
I'm not gonna make it bro, left it too late
Oh. Sorry to hear that anon. Godspeed. I hope what's remained of your life is happy and painless
stop being a loafer and tie a simple noose. even a thoroughly incompetent malcontent such as yourself is capable of tying one end to a door knob and securing the other end around your fragile neck. if you do it right you'll black out before you even begin to suffocate.
Age? Symptoms? Diet? Family history?
You don't feel the feels right now, but it's gonna suddenly hit you like a ton of fucking bricks soon, and god will it hit you. It might be in a few hours, it might be in a couple days, there's no telling. I suggest you keep someone nearby for emotional support when it does.
Sorry to hear OP. I know this is 4chan where everyone's supposed to be a dick to each other for no reason, but cancer fucking sucks and you don't deserve it.
How do you think you got it?
OP won't need any support for his alleged cancer; he's being disingenuous.
I've always wanted to die violently.
OP don't read these spoilerspainlesscancerIt's going to be slow and painful. On top of the pain, OP is going to have to look in the mirror every day and see his/her condition slowly deteriorate
I'm probably going to get that eventually, or some kind of liver disease. hopefully before I turn 40
Please fucking trade lives with me. That sounds perfect. I get to die without the effort of killing myself. That is a fucking godsend you ungrateful little shit.bi hope you suffer excruciating pain, normie.
Look up CBD oil, OP. Try to integrate it into your treatment plan -- even if you have to do it illegally.
at that point, I'd try to make friends with the doctor and get him/her to give me a lethal dose of morphine or something
why, are you too scared to huff an inert gas?
They may be able to get rid of the cancer by taking out your entire large intestine. Then they will make a new anus stoma on your belly. They attach a bag to that and you shit into it.You may have to start shitting into a bag you can't control when, but you can empty it out when necrssary. Man I hope you don't get to that point.
Would it be possible to request sex from a girl on the grounds that you are dying?
This please op. I think I have ass cancer. We're your shits all weird shapes and colors and never regular? That's what I'm working with here
Stage? Cell count? Formation category? Metastases specification? So what treatment you on? Taking any? Location of mass? Has it spread?I only ask because bowel cancers, while prevalent in men are fairly rare in youth, and I believe you're full of shit. Your doctor would have gone through these with you, you'll also have your count sheet detailing standard bloods. Don't worry about dumbing it down for me, I'm an intern.
Bowel cancer usually results in quite a few symptoms, most completely healthy people will have a few, so don't worry if you hit a fewBad diet, lifestyle are the more likely results of dodgy shits. Big warning is blood IN your stool not on paper consistently for 2+ days. Also, issues peeing.
I'm an interngood for you normie cuntOP is full of shit though.
implying studying 95+ hours a week, alone, for 7 years made me a normieshiggy
bowel cancerI believe you're full of shit.
finally get job interview for todaywake up to diarrheaFuck sake. Why am even alive. Do I call and try to reschedule? They are just going to see me as incompetent and hire someone else aren't they?
Go get some Immodium
Lol just go. I've never had diarrhea that I couldn't control for the length of a job interview. Rescheduling is literally not an option.
It's pretty fucking bad.
Go. If you have to excuse yourself do it and explain that you think you have food poisoning from sushi you had last night but you came anyway because you're really interested in working with them. Make a joke about your horrible luck. Most interviewers are just trying to find someone cool they want to spend time working with.
Alright fuck it, I'll go.Embarrassing but anyone know if it's possible to get adult nappies from a store in the UK? I want my options covered. Anything to mask the fucking smell.
This is how fucked in the head we are because of capitalism. Literally willing to wear a diaper and shit yourself in front of people for the chance to be a wage slave. It doesn't have to be like this.
Life is hell
B-But, I need a job. I can't handle being a neet anymore. It's been just over a year and it's hell.
lol, i wouldnt hire your sorry ass not going to your job interview because you have to shit badly is really retardedyou take a shit before you go and youre safe, jesus christ, you think there is infinite shit in your body that can come out whenever it wants?
So we should neg them
life of a wagecuck
I spent 5 yrs neet and I miss it every day.
but, employer, I have to shit like really bad. If I hold it the entire interview, should I inform you about that?Anything helps.
you just hold it injust fucking hold it in and take a shit before you get in the office
ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID
fucking dyke
What is this?
The first thing on MTV I ever masturbated to
Would you rather be able to fuck your mom whenever you want because she craves your dick or stay a virgin forever
Virgin
Virgin
fuck my mom I guess... if it was whenever I wanted, then I wouldn't HAVE to do it, but at least I'd have the option
pick the former"whenever I want" is neveryour hypothetical rules don't make me stay a virgin forever, and I don't have to fuck my gross ancient mombut then I do stay a virgin forever anyways through my own faultscheckmate
I'd fuck my mom. She's in her early 40s and look even younger.
Who /prisongay/ here?
what is yuor body tipe ? 21/m big strong man, blonde from russia moscow looking for relationship that expands into some thing more
Going to drop the soap beecher
Kinda, I like the idea of men having sex with each other out of desperation, especially if one is forced to crossdress, but anything with romance is a big turnoff.
desperate hetero
desperate chad
I've developed a strange new fetish. I've been watching porn with women over 50. There's something so hot about watching a woman who at is at a point in her life should be doing sensible things take a man half her age's dick up the ass on camera. Mmm love me some bad decisions.
not those fucking dirty "watching my mom go black" videos
Nah. There's a few where they go black but I don't black guys on white cause it hampers self insertion for me. It's 98% with white guys. The women themselves are often nothing special, there's an occasional one that is still decent, but for the most part they've got too much make, still have noticeable wrinkles and the only part of their body that isn't sagging is their ridiculous fake tits. I'm sure this a wave of women who slept around and made poor decisions in their life, got married but had a bad divorce and our now broken and out of options. I have no idea why a women that age would do porn.
Any old hag lovers up in this thread?
I'm a 19 year old guy and I think about is getting a qt cougar gf to support me through college and dominate my dick, cuddle me afterwards and tell me everything is going to be all right.tfw it will never happen
I just have an incest fetish.
When I was 19 I dated a 54yo woman. She CLEARLY had a incest fetish, because she would call me her "sexy son" in bed all the time.TFW her 30yo daughter walked in on her sucking my dick.
Gross.
Where did a 19 year old meet a woman in her 50s?
Plenty of Fish.
There's something so hot about watching a woman who at is at a point in her life should be doing sensible things take a man half her age's dick up the ass on camera.Yes! You're really onto something there. I'm into 50+ women as well, and I've been trying to figure out exactly why... the whole "should be doing sensible things" aspect is a major factor. I'm glad you made this post.
tfw fucked a lady 35 years olderIt's a different kind of hot.
this feel is known
I'm looking for a mother who will provide everything for me as well as have sex with meOf course it will never happen, dickhead.
TFW 28yr fucking a 51 yr old Asian milf I uncut cum inside her vagina everytime no condom I love you mommy
No problem.
post a fucking pic
I find it amazing how some of these women with old ass faces can have pretty decent bodies.
How did you two meet and who initiated
, 
, 
I'M BEGGING YOU, PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL edition General Yandere Pastebin: class="quote" Dating Site FAQ: class="quote" IRC channel: #yg on irc.rizon.net / port 6667 Friendly connection tutorial: 
check emailno new messages
I don't like Yandere, it just stresses me out being emotionally abused like thatmy mom has borderline personality disorder so maybe that's why, growing up with her probably killed the enjoyment for mewhy do you like it?
For me, it's a sense of security that they won't cheat on me, and finally being with someone who can love me as intensely as I love them - someone I can relate with, who understands me. In all my relationships, it's sucked having those "I love you more!" "No, I love you more!" pretend arguments, but always knowing for a fact that I really did love them more. It was easy to see. I don't think it's such a bad thing to want to be with someone who can love me back as strongly as I love them. I don't want to keep thinking things like "She'll never love me even half as much as I love her, and her words and actions on a daily basis prove it" when I'm in my next relationship. I've also been lucky enough to be on the receiving end of obsession from a high-maintenance girl in the past, so I know from experience that that is literally what makes me happiest. I've never been happier in my entire life than the times when an extremely obsessive girl has gone full yandere on me.Another thing: yanderes are usually insecure. Again, I can relate to that. I love making people happy, and I'd like to think I've gotten pretty decent at it over the years. Insecure people tend to need more help than secure people. It would be a mutually beneficial relationship - they want support and I want someone *to* support. Also, insecure people have the sweetest, reactions to kind words. I love seeing people's faces light up. I love it when you can see how happy they are through their typing style alone. And I could find any random person, get to know them for a little while and start making them smile, but nobody needs that as desperately as a yandere. It's the same reason I don't donate money to billionaires. They don't need my money, they're set already. I prefer giving to those who are most in need, and if any type of person needs to feel loved, it's yanderes.All of that is why my dream girl is a yandere.
No messages, just my boss telling me when to come in next week.
She's being really affectionate with me now but is still set in wanting to murder the people who hurt me. I'm still unsure of what I'll do with her. A lot of people advised me to have her committed, but I think this is manageable. Besides I don't think I could ever have her thrown in a hospital or in jail, I love her so much even if she is willing to kill people to protect me.
So how did telling her "do you hate them more than you love me?" turn out for you?
That was pretty nicely put, a lot of those points are really well thought out. I hope you find the yandere of your dreams someday Anon.
2 new messages
Thank you, anon. I hope the same for you too.Only get your hopes up after you've seen who they're from.
They're from my little cockroaches
I'm still deliberating what the best course of action is, although that advice seems to be the strongest so far. I'll likely do that before she tries doing her thing, but for now I'm studying this from all angles to see other alternatives and gain more insight before committing to a solution.
tfw no yandere programmer gf
same tbh
Page seven bump and goodnight cuties
tfw she hasnt replied to me in daysI'm scared
Don't lie to me. Enjoy sleeping
Check your email was a mistake.
I saw you post this in the last one. Get involved in programming communities, maybe you'll find her there.I wouldn't know how else to help you on a hunt for a yandere girl, it just kind of found me, I wasn't really looking for one.It's nice being with someone who matches or in this case surpasses my ability to love. She also makes me feel safe, and is incredibly loyal. Sweetest girl I ever met. Thing is though, I fell in love with her for who she is, I only recently became fully aware of just how yandere she is so it isn't the main pillar of my attraction for her. Her being yandere is only a quality of many I love about her.I think it's a bit disingenuous to fall for someone by basing your love around one characteristic that you've romanticized or fetishized, rather than falling in love with them for who they are inside and out.I don't see why people just bump a thread they want to survive when you could easily just provide content to talk about in the thread, or ask others about their own shit, or answer questions from others. Just saying bump doesn't give us anything new to say until someone else comes along and actually propagates discussion.I'm guessing emails refers to the dating website you guys are on? I've never had luck with those. In my experience, the yandere finds you rather than you finding her.
bump
Is your chick still planning on murdering people?
Is a yandere girl my only hope, /yg/? I don't know if I can handle being abandoned again, and every time I talk to a new girl or go looking for someone to love me, I keep coming back to the idea of someone crazy and obsessive and clingy. I'm pretty clingy and obsessive myself, though I have no delusions of thinking I'm legitimately crazy or can compare to a true yandere.I just want someone to really love me, you know? Someone I don't have to worry about leaving me completely out of the blue.
All the "females" in programming communities are either SJWs sending retarded pull requests for pronoun changes in documentation or "trans" SJWs who whine about the lack of diversity in the field.I just want a yandere programmer gf.
I think everyone wants that kind of thing, no-one really wants to be taken advantage of by their partner or abandoned.
Ain't that the truth. I'm in it for the loyalty and security. I can handle the other quirks if it means that.
Yup. She's been better lately, but while in a daze yesterday she talked about how happy she's going to be when these people die so even though she's not a ball of fury 24/7 now, I can tell she's still thinking about murdering these people.Still trying to come to terms with it, and deciding what to do, or if anything should be done. I added a person on skype from here to see if they can give me advice from a yandere's perspective on what to do, they seem to be pretty insightful towards my fiancee's behavior.Being exposed to people in the field would be the only way to find one, meeting and greeting as many programmers as you can while being friendly and making connections. Either that or find the kind of yandere girl who'd be willing to change for you, and get her into programming. Although I think grooming a partner into being what you want them to be is deplorable and ill-advised.Why does she need to be into programming anon? You must have a wide variety of other tastes for the both of you to find common ground on.
Well, yeah, that's a given. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm losing the ability to trust normal girls. It's happened too many times, and I'm kind of afraid this latest might be the breaking point.
You have no idea how the programming community is, that's not how it works.And yeah, I've already tried growing my own girlfriend, I managed to do it but then it didn't feel right because she wasn't like that because she was like that but because I wanted her to.She needs to be into programming because it's my life, I don't have any other interests as strong as programming.
You have no idea how the programming community is, that's not how it works.I'm a programmer by trade, with a long history of involvement in multiple projects, and now lead programmer in a dev team of my own co-creationYeah ok, I just "don't get it". Right. Anyways, I feel perfectly comfortable not having to tell my yandere about all the shit we're doing on the team, I'd probably find it stressful to share my work life with her every day and I'd hate to strain our relationship by having her involved in the team. She's going to be going to cons with me while I demo our project, that's a thing we can both enjoy while sharing our interests because she loves cons but has no one to go with until she met me. I recommend rethinking your romanticization of the concept of a yandere who shares your exact same interest. If you still feel the same way about having that, then I still recommend you look into programmer communities and meet people despite your blatant desire to not socialize with others.I believe you can find commitment within regular people, you don't need to seek out a yandere girl for it if that's what you're really looking for.Hey cooking anon, what you cooking? I'm making beans with reins. I assume your trip is because you cook and not some inside joke I'm painfully unaware of.
Uhh I made stromboli earlier.
I'm a programmer by trade, with a long history of involvement in multiple projects, and now lead programmer in a dev team of my own co-creationThe kind of programmers who are in the industry are not the kind of people I'd want to have anything to do with.Having worked with dozens of programming languages and maintaining way too many projects I started in many of those languages has showed me samples of heterogenous programming communities, and it all sucks.To me this is not a job, it's not work. Even if I had a job I wouldn't want to share it with my partner.I don't want a partner who shares all my interests, I want a partner that's as passionate as me about programming, to talk about programming subjects, to have heated debates about which programming languages are better at what, to work on projects together just for the fun of it.Programmer communities are awful because programmers are awful people when put together.Also fuck you ;^
I probably can, but normal people are scared off by my own level of clinginess and obsessiveness. I'm not yandere by any means, but I can get pretty emotionally fucked up by even a day of not talking.With all my trust and abandonment issues, I guess I just feel like yandere girls are my only option left.
tfw no yandie gf
email checkedempty again
You'll get one eventually.
are those from the same person?
Yup
I checked because of this thread.
see emailget nervousstruggle to respond to emailbe nervous until next one comes
Sounds delish, only made it once before but it was great. I saw you hanging around in the last thread, what's your story? I typically see 4 types of people in these threads from what I've observed so far: people looking for yanderes, yanderes, people in or out of a relationship with a yandere, and observers looking into the phenomenon.I'm only just getting into the industry. Anyways, you have 3 options here: Continue complaining in every single Yandere General thread about how you can't find your idealized girl, try and meet more programmers in an effort to find her, or groom another one. You seem to be content to take the first option, and that just seems kind of miserable. Good luck buddy :^I've got similar, but slightly toned down versions of your issues, it's why this connection I have with my fiancee is so ideal. So I guess I understand how you feel. I've always felt like I wanted a yandere girl, and it's been amazing having her, but I never really tried to seek it out.List of rulesOoooh sounds interesting, care to share anon? I'd love to know what that entails.
The first option is the most optimized, second option is pointless since she doesn't exist, third option is not what I want.And it's not miserable, it's good.
do you have any tips on how to keep conversations going? does it only work if you have shared interests?
Please don't rub your success in my face. I've had a tough day.
I'm sorry anon, I wish you all the best, have a picture of a cute anime girl. What happened in your day to make it so tough? I'll listen. I'd hate to make someone here cry, you all are really helpful and have given me plenty to think about when it comes to dealing with my yandere's homicidal thoughts.If that's how you feel. I personally don't see the point in complaining about how things are, rather than trying to achieve the things you want. Different strokes I guess.You don't necessarily need entirely shared interests, people will usually mention things about their days, lives, or thoughts and you can choose to follow them up if you find them interesting. My fiancee has a wide variety of interests, some of them which we share, and others I have no idea about, so I ask her about them and follow up on them to learn more about her.
Had an ex that was abusive, talked about it here. I started by responding to question about what food you would make and people kept asking me some other food things. I'm a trained gourmet chef.
I've thought about taking culinary arts courses, I'd love to ask you for advice in a cooking profession if you don't mind.
Okay, don't take courses though. Start at the bottom of a restaurant and work your way up to eventually you get an apprenticeship. Most kitchens hate people who go to school for cooking.
That's great advice! I've cooked in a couple specialty restaurants now which helped expand my cooking palette a sports bar, with typical american/canadian food, and a Thai restaurant, I'm going to seek another cooking job to continue gaining experience and make some more money. I really seem to enjoy it.What do you mean by "trained gourmet chef"?Would you recommend it for someone like me?With this experience, how hard should it be to find work in another restaurant?Any tips/thoughts/lessons to share?On another note, a couple other unrelated questions pop into my mind. What happened with your ex? I'm assuming she was yandere?And why do you stick around these threads? Is it the community in these generals? Or are you seeking a yandere girl like most people ITT?
The short version is a girl who I thought loved me completely and absolutely, who promised me the world, and was a perfect match for me in every single possible way vanished on me. I had no idea what happened to her or how to find out, I thought she killed herself quite frankly. Today I found out she didn't, she just disappeared on me, moved somewhere else instead of with me like she was planning, and may have even had another boyfriend the entire time we were dating, before I even met her.This is the fourth girl I've had abandon me, third without any significant reason, second without any contact or word at all. I don't know if I can do it anymore man, and I'm seriously debating looking into getting a gun license.
you don't need to get a gun license to kill yourself with one.
I don't have any connections to get one without it.
How has your day been /yg/?
you'll kill the loli
Good evening /yg/tfw no clingy, obsessive, posessive gf who wants only you and is otherwise distrustful of society.tfw no gf that doesn't mind that you're older and chubby because you're working to lose weight.tfw no gf to obsessively plan your meals and accompany you to the gym where she'd be your spotter and cheerleader.In other news I finally made gold nova I on CS:GO and am a rank 4 in their new ranking system.tfw no clingy gamer gf who would spend her time with you playing old RPG's, sitting in your lap while you play, and reading the girl parts in different voices while you read the guy parts in different voices.tfw no kinky 'yandere' gf to play Corruption of Champions with in much the same way, except acting out the fights and sex scenes.It's over :
This kills the loli
nice anon
what a waste of a getgo back to your fucking containment board
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
which one is that?
I worked as a grunt prep chef in a 4 star restaurant. Most kitchens do a working interview if you have some experience. I learned the basics of cooking in boy scouts and took it into my house and just worked from there. That was the end of 7th grade for me. I literally just got lucky. It was a friend of a friend situation that I got that job. I had an apprenticeship offered to me, but I declined to go to school for computers. Ironically I'm considering to drop out of school to help manage this small business. We broke up several times, I was the yandere. She had some issues of her own, but it just didn't end well for me. I don't really know why I stick around to be honest. I did end up with another trip user here, but I was just stupid and I hurt myself in the process. I'd like a yandere gf like most people here, but I don't really deserve one and I'm hesitant to even try anymore. I think I mostly stick around just to help out and be friendly person people can go to.
what happened with the other tripuser CA?
Walk into literally any back alley and talk to a nigger.
It didn't work out. Let's just leave it at that.
You'd be surprised how well this works. I've had fantastic conversations with hobos in Atlanta.
I live in a small town. 98% white. Not happening.
Seriously? Get on a Greyhound to Detroit. It's like you genuinely enjoy living through the torture that is your existence.
Ouch, looks like the loli gets it.
I made an account on that site but there are only 41 girls in the whole USA, out of around 3500 accounts in total.Seems like a total sausage fest.
It's going to be shut down soon anyway, at least from what I read in one of the other editions of /yg/.
Why would you want to act out fights and sex scenes from the game? It'd mostly be furry pegging with you receiving. Unless you wanted to dress up as a furry and pad a bra.
That sucks dude. Shit can get better, I went through some shitty heartbreaks before I met my fiancee. I believe almost anyone here can find the girl that likes them for who they are. I'd tell you to not commit suicide, but I don't have the authority to really say that, but what I will tell you is that the potential for things to get better is always there. Your lot in life has not been predetermined, you may end up with a completely unexpected series of pleasant events happening to you months down the line, tomorrow, or years from now, what's up to you is how you decide to spend that time and where you will be when life decides to take that twist on you.I'm calmer and more collected on my problem.At least you're doing something you love! Chin up anon. Love will find you when you least expect it.Thanks cooking anon! I'll look into finding work in higher class restaurants. I was at a wedding earlier, and I talked to the chefs there, they said they hire part time workers and students and do in-house training so that venue seems like a prime target for my resume, although I'll be sending my resume to various kitchens in the coming week.Sorry about your exes, you seem heartbroken and I've been there, I know how terrible that feels. You do a service to the community though.
it's all furry pegging scenesbut... it's not.
That's honestly the best thing to do. Just apply and apply. I don't do much. I want to try and be as pleasant to everyone as I possibly can be. People tend to write me off as a white knight and an orbiter, but I don't really think I'd try for someone from the threads again unless they were really special.
Has anyone else given up on everything?
i've come close at times, but it's really not an option.I hope you're right man
It's great you think you read my post, but read it again. Go on.
i have
No... no I got what you were saying. I was just ignoring the 'clever' inferences about me and addressing the content of the game directly.
why
You obviously didn't, I said "mostly", not "all". I was mostly poking fun, but whatever. I still like the space game more though.
I really didn't like the space one actually! I mean.. maybe it's just I was used to the old one, but there seems like there's almost too much to do in the space version.
there hasn't ever been a reason to have hopeevery thing to be hopeful about will faili don't know how anyone believes
I just prefer the content, although the more I play of it the more I realise that every single "girl" has something hidden in her pants. I don't mind that sometimes, but it's far too frequent. Still, the author knows how to pander to specific demographics I suppose. I wish that the existing content would be more developed before moving on though, while there is a lot to do it's not very fleshed out, leaving a lot of things one mention or one scene before never appearing again.
It's impossible to give up on life when I have her around.Dating sites never gave me much success, I wouldn't place my hopes in it unless you see two anons meet there and establish a long lasting relationship, otherwise I won't believe it works. I was in a few dating sites before I met my fiancee, and I met her through mutual interests instead, I stopped using my profiles when I met her.Thanks anon. I'll be sure to do that. I'll need to find good cooking work when I move out to be with her, so I should get more experience here while I can.I saw people doing that last thread, accusing anyone who trips as a person trying to get their own yandere girl by developing a consistent public personality. When really, there's multple reasons to use one, some more faggy than others. I'm using mine because I was asking for help, and it is useful to be identifiable so people can look at my posts, discern information, and give me more accurate feedback as to my particular issue.
Yeah I know it can get better. It keeps getting better the next year, but then ends up worse. I'm gonna be 27 this year man, I don't know if there is much hope left for me. It's definitely selfish of me, but I want love and children before I'm late 30s at least.
You don't need to believe, you just need to realize.
why wont anyone love me
It's hope that poisons the soul.
I've never really used dating sites myself, I've only tried looking at girls on Interpals and around here. I probably wouldn't use a normal one because it usually ends in merely having a one night stand, at least from what I can gather.I just want to meet a girl who likes the same stuff I do, we both fall in love and spend our lives together. I don't want one night stands, loveless relationships and promiscuity. I just want the girl who's perfect for me, and I want to be perfect for her.
That's kind of why I like the first one better, with the majority of the fights you know what you're getting into, it's only with some of the social interractions where it gets iffy. And if it's a guy aka futa you're fighting, you can just crush the heck out of them and not bother with the 'reward'
i realized a while agohopeful people make me feel sick
It can still happen for you, the only way to ensure it would never happen is if you died or let your mental state suffer to irreparable levels. Just be the best anon you can be and she'll find you.I feel bad for talking about what I have in front of you guys for this exact reason. You're a hopeless romantic like me, and I managed to snag a girl that's perfect for me and one who thinks I'm perfect for her. I'm sorry anon, but I think you can definitely get it if I did, I was pretty bad when I was at my lowest and I was still struggling to get up when she met me.I apologize for my retarded optimism, anon.
You haven't realized that nothing good coming your way doesn't mean that other people won't have their good luck. At least have your decency to go die alone. No, this isn't a gathering place for your kind, and if others disagree with me then I'm kicking you out too right now.
If you feel bad about talking about that kind of thing in front of us, why do you bother with the trip? Why don't you just remove it after you're done blogging then post as a regular Anon?I might have some luck in September, since I'm moving closer to my Uni it'll mean I can participate in groups more. I'm hoping I'll meet at least one girl there who isn't taken or completely undesirable. I figure that'll be my last chance though, at least to fulfil my dreams of finding a "pure maiden".
I regret what I just said anon, you can stay.
i don't go out of my way to hate people with hope, i'm just jealous, its not your faultsomeone asked me about giving up hope and you felt the need to tell me to go die alone. why?
That's the thing though. I feel like my state is getting to that point. I came frighteningly close tonight to just walking out the door of my house and wandering the streets. It's hard to manage, especially since I've had to sideline my personal life many times to help my parents/mother she's disabled, my parents got divorced 5 years ago, and they both have had cancer since then
She told me today she's going to make a doll of my likeness today, and felt the need to stipulate that with "it won't be a voodoo doll, don't worry"... I think the yandere is only getting stronger. What do you guys think?If you feel bad about talking about that kind of thing in front of us, why do you bother with the trip? Why don't you just remove it after you're done blogging then post as a regular Anon?I'm kind of hoping that someone is still able to give me advice on my issue, so I keep it on for convenience's sake.I might have some luck in September, since I'm moving closer to my Uni it'll mean I can participate in groups more. I'm hoping I'll meet at least one girl there who isn't taken or completely undesirable. I figure that'll be my last chance though, at least to fulfil my dreams of finding a "pure maiden".That's good, keep exposing yourself to new people and you should find somebody. One thing that concerns me is your use of "pure maiden", this implies you already have an idealized girl you want to date with specific characteristics, if that's true then it's only going to make your search more difficult. My suggestion is to be open-minded, while at the same time knowing what you like in a girl without obsessing over any specific standard you might want to set for yourself.I'm still sorry anon, I feel like I'm eating in front of a starving man while remembering I used to be the starving man.That's the thing though. I feel like my state is getting to that point. I came frighteningly close tonight to just walking out the door of my house and wandering the streetsTake a walk man. So long as you can keep safe, you might find it relaxing to wander around and come back home once you've cleared your head or got some introspection done. It's what I do to destress anyways.
I asked you why, and felt that you might be needing some help so I told you to go die.
The "pure maiden" thing was drilled into me by this place. It's not some ideal I can write off, or voice I can silence in my head, I feel like I genuinely wouldn't be able to love a girl who I know has had a long history of sex or ex's. It's just the way my mind works, and it's my only dead-set requirement. Literally.
i appreciate you and your nicenessi feel better knowing i'm talking to someone with a more evil soul than mine. i can't feel sad when theres someone as disturbed as you in the thread. why would you tell me that?
Is it weird I find the fact she's making an effigy of me kind of endearing? Considering her practice of magic though, I kind of do have to consider it might actually be a voodoo doll, but I trust her when she says it won't be.You can undo the conditioning done to you by this place. I have, and I've been here since the inception of the board, and been on chans in general for 9 years. You can let that standard go, because it will make your life a hell of a lot easier in the long run. This isn't me telling you to settle for some girl with loose standards, or some literal whore, but me telling you that it will make finding your future wife a whole lot harder and that if you really wanted to let go of that standard then you can if you put your mind to it.But I completely understand if you want to adhere to the standard this place has set for you, despite how unhealthy it might be. In that case, I still hold out hope you'll find the pure maiden of your dreams but I also hope that if you find her and she happens to have had sex before you, that you can compromise for her, because if she is the girl of your dreams then you better treat her like the treasure she is. Keep in mind, that if you find a yandere girl who obsesses over you, she'll consider everything she's done with other boys a mistake and wish she'd never done it at all, pushing this would only devastate her if she knew you didn't want her for something she did in the past.Anytime anon.
Maybe. I dunno. I'm just worried about where I'll go if I do end up taking a stroll, there's an awful lot of train tracks around here. To be perfectly honest I'd probably just end up at the liquor store though and get home with a bottle of vodka and drink the night away.
You can't even go die. Something else will have to do it for you, so it's not a big deal for me to say that. Right?Are you happier now that I've said this?
i don't even feel bad about the "go die" comment anymore, i feel bad for you. is your brain screwed in backwards? why don't your posts make any sense?
Melander, go to bed. You're unhappy about rose, fine, please spread your bitterness elsewhere.
I've gone out thinking the exact same thing anon. In fact when I thought she was going to kill herself, I was walking up to the mountains at dark were bears and cougars were sighted. A stranger who was fishing stopped me from going any further and he talked to me about my issue, explaining that 4 people in his life have been taken by suicide, he gave me good advice on how to help my fiancee and gave me his number. I doubt you'll go die, if you go to the train tracks you might stand to see something or meet someone or come to a realization that you desperately need in that moment. Take some time, sit down on a bench and think. I found it helpful to sit down by a lake and think "why do I feel so horrible about myself and why do I have immense self loathing", I eventually found the answer to my question and everything has been a lot easier since. Take some time to really think anon, I believe in you.
Nah, I'm just an idiot who failed to properly write into words what I was thinking. You already said you didn't feel sad because I was disturbed though, so no need to repeat that.I don't care about your other questions, so good bye.
thanks for cheering me up, good luck with whatever your problem is
I don't particularly hate myself though. I'm just bitter and depressed about my lot in life, and about that fact that the people I care about the most keep abandoning me without giving any reason why. I have to be doing something wrong. There has to be something I can fix. I need to know why I'm not good enough, never good enough. The only one I still talk to just keeps telling me it isn't my fault though. When I told her about the latest one leaving, she literally broke down crying and apologizing, trying to blame herself, saying "if I hadn't broken up with you this never would've happened"I don't get it though. Why would she leave if I was perfect like she claimed? Why would she act incredibly different, and much much happier, with her new boyfriend if I was really the "best boyfriend I could've asked for"?It can't be her. It has to be me. Three others have left too. I'm the only common factor here.
does anyone else here dislike their obsessive tendencies and actively work on minimizing them or do you all just embrace it?
Thanks. I'll try my best to improve my tactics.
I sawed it off like an infected branch.
Why aren't you doing it, Anon?
Last time I did it I almost got killed.
it's not worth it from here
Who /actuallyinspired/ from that video here?
I don't get this thread. NORMIES REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i just want a gif/webm of the last part of the video where it looks like he flexes his nuts
Me, made me go out and help a friend who was shorthanded for a roofing job. Fuck that shit, it sucked. Texas sun baked me and got blisters on my hands.

Laziness and fear of failure. I'm getting a bottle of Jack Daniels, getting drunk and then tomorrow I do it.
I'm really just tired of starting over...
probably the best edit :
all that and the reward isn't as something I care about anymore which is sex or money I just don't care anymore
Do what!?DO WHAT!?WHAT DO I FUCKING DO!?
tfw Houston /r9k/ meetup actually worked outAny other bots in the area wanna cause some mischief with us?Copperfieldfags here
I'm down in Sugar Land. But I'm actually working so can't leave my computer. What are you guys doing?
, 
no one would miss you
mummy would
, 
Stranger: aslYou: im 8You: fStranger: m 20Stranger: ubr 8You: yeaStranger: ur age is 8You: yesStranger: kYou: oh i seeStranger: wht u wantYou: idk what do you want?Stranger: r u on Facebook or kikYou: are you from india?Stranger: yeah
theyre all pedophiles in that whole geographic area
, 
i'm glad you don't care about my past
I'm glad you keep posting the same thread over and over and keep this board as stale as possible.
Dude be real how many women do you actually think get triple p'd?How many dudes do you know, like regular non-pornstar dudes that would be comfortable doing some shit like this?
Dude, why not? If you're a decent-looking girl who's had a few cocks in her, sucked dick, taken it in the ass, taken it in the cunt, why not try it all at once?Do you not realize that girls watch porn too?
A small number of dudes do it many times.
I wonder what brings these girls to this point.Many years ago she was probably a cute little girl in 4th grade or whatever with good grades and a bright future I bet. The fuck happened?
she didn't want to do it. she prob needed money. thats why they do it. pays more than wageslaves get a month.
You really have never known anyone or been around anyone that suffers greatly from their surroundings have you?Enjoy your consistent sheltered middle-class life with mummy/daddy. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't jealous.Alternatively if this isn't the case then you're just fucking dumb.
spread your legs for 1k/day?who cares what people think about you
I always wondered if they draw straws to see who has to be the guy under all that.
Can I get a cowtits gf
you look like a cowtit
Go to the club chad
What is cowtits?
if you're okay with the rest of here being a cow too, yes
Yeah I lift so what
dad?
Lil more for the ladies
those kike eyes14/88
class="quote"absolutely destroy the economy after inheriting the world's best economyship all jobs overseascall it communism when someone wants you to pay for ruining the countryI hope we bleed every single one of these old fucks dry and force them to live on welfare in the bronx.
anything and everything done once a politician is in the candidacy is all a giant game of bluffing, gesturing, attacking and defending.you really can't take anything any of them say or do seriously, it's all part of the game to get elected.
This guy's gonna die mysteriously before primaries. Calling it now
Employing young people
He has absolutely no chance of winning, so there's no reason to kill him. Nobody ever killed Ron Paul.
young peoplepeople
No need to kill the court jesters if they still amuse you.
Are there so many /pol/ faggots on here you confuse your own board with this one?
Look nigger, the economy is never going to recover for one reason: Asia.No matter how good you think your idea is, Asians will take it, make it a trillion times better, sell it for cheaper and drive you out of business within a few months. There is simply no way you can compete with these cuntlets. They are RELENTLESS. You can try whatever you want, whatever faggot political system you learned about on reddit, but it won't work. Asians will fuck you up.Just let it go and admit that Asians are the superior race. Trust me, it's better for your mental health.
Just say reee and move on.
That or we can cut off all trade with China and ban their products. Sure it would piss them off hardcore but what are they gonna do? Launch an invasion with their tiny navy?
but what are they gonna do?Demand those trillions of dollars/yuan of loan money the US owes them. We're greatly indebted to China and less so to Japan but most Americans don't have a clue how deep in the shit we are.
demandthose trillions of dollars/yuanok, so they expose themselves to severe levels of inflation because their money supply increases dramatically. seems like a perfect option for china
tfw can't wait for the boomers to pay for basically destroying the west
Why does everyone blame the Boomers? What did they do?
"If current trends continue, one in three black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his lifetime. This is an unspeakable tragedy."If they don't want to be in prison then why do they commit so much crime or get caught so easily?
That's not how it works. If we owe the Chinese government and Chinese corporations lots of US dollars, then when they collect those dollars and spend them they will cause inflation in the price of products sold for US dollars. Alternatively, if we owed them yuan, then we would have to find a way to collect lots of yuan, increasing demand for and the value of the Chinese currency.
feels thread pleasebest friend of 3 years decided he didn't want to be friends anymoreno one to talk with anymore
tfw real life Twilight Zone
Sounds like you need to go out and make some new friends.Any ideas on how to do that? If now, I would be more than happy to try and help.
tfw marriedtfw I am most likely going to outlive my wifeor I'll die first
start talking to someone i have a lot in common withhe asks to trade picsi go firsthe doesn't want to send me one back because apparently we look 'related'Pretty sure he was just disappointed that I'm black, which is silly because he is too. I'm pissed.
You fucked up. You gotta do it at the same time and then not send yours and then jerk off to his pictures and never talk to him again.
I am an unlikeable autist sperg who has a crippling speech impediment to the point where it sounds like I am speaking gibberish.
Don't let some dude on the internet get you down. The people who matter won't pull shit like that.Keep that chin up.
So, you don't want advice?
Well just telling you my situation, if you think i could live a happy life considering all those things please do tell.
Sure. What are some of your hobbies?
oh goshthe only thing i haven't lost interest into yet due to depression are mechanical keyboards but im a poorfag so i cant afford many
Without knowing the specifics all I can conclude is that you're a shit person.If he were the shitty one he'd still want to be friends with you.Change your life. Steps:Turn off PCBuy ticket to SyriaAcquire a swordHack away until you drop deadIt doesn't matter which side you're on. Tales of your deeds will echo through the ages, and you will be remembered.Isn't that everyone's dream, after all?-J
holy shit are you me OPmy best friend of 2.5 years decided she isn't friends with me anymore, probably because she suddenly started hanging out with hyper-sensitive SJWs and didn't appreciate the crude humor that brought us together in the first place anymore and told me to fuck off forevernow i have literally no one
Do you actually make them, or just collect them?Forgive me for sounding ignorant, but I'm not sure how it qualifies as a hobby. If you are making them, that is super fucking cool, and I'm sure that there are a lot of people who would be into that. Enroll in an engineering or software class, and ignore the grade, and focus on contacts. Work that into situations.Alternatively, try something new and join a group. Whether it's playing the keyboard, reading, learning a new language, or wood working, there are a lot of different group meetings and classes that focus on stuff like that.
You're free now, anon.Unrelated, but captcha just made me select a pizza cone as an example of "ice cream." Not sure why that bothers me so much.
I'm not sure how it qualifies as a hobbywell then i guess i have no hobbies.Without knowing the specifics all I can conclude is that you're a shit person.i agree thanksTales of your deeds will echo through the ages, and you will be remembered.yes i will be remembered as sand nigger #3498
Fuck yes. I have 3 mechanical Model Ms, a Unicomp with a USB connector and a rubber dome Model M.Plebs know nothing about the glory of IBM keyboards.b-but muh new production keyboard with zebra-nigger switches is just as goodBitch please. Half of the reason why Model Ms are so great is from the layout of the keys. Dat fucking stepped design.currently using a 122 key 1397000Pic related.
be fatass 5'10 205lbs infinity% bodyfatstruggle with extremely low self esteem for entire lifetrying to lose weight, lost about 10lbs but now stuck at 205figure that even if i did lose weight and get lean and joocey it would not matter because the community i live in forces me to be around people that have known me for a long timei will never not be known as the weird fat kid even if i showed up to a party with sickening delt striationsall of my life's embarrassments and mistakes will permanently pollute the opinions and impressions of everybody around me no matter what i say or do from here into the futurei don't want a gfi don't want to be populari don't want to have a 6 packi want to forget about all of the people that have caused me mental turmoili want to forget about all of the self-deprecating thoughts i have continuously repeated to myself for my entire lifei want to forget all of my flaws and shortcomingsi just want to be alone
tfw thread dies immediately after i post

I would get myself one of those if not for the arrow keys. I hate myself for being picky.
goodnight, i appreciate the kind words.
Pleb here. How do I know whether my keyboard is mechanical?
It makes autistic click clack sounds and looks ridiculous
So far, so good.
it sounds like suicide is the prescription anonan hero, when
posting a cuck image
I would kill myself but I don't want to put my parents through it.As soon as they die I'm most likely going to shoot myself.tfw I've never told anyone I'm depressed
But I don't want to die, anonLike a battered housewife who has been convinced of those reassuring words told to her by her abusive husband after being beaten within an inch of her life, I feel like there's SOME way that I can scrape at least a little enjoyment and fulfillment in life. There has to be SOMETHING I can do. I don't want to give up yet, which in a way is the worst fucking part of all this.I'm sorry if I sound fedorable I just don't know how else to say all this
tfw you just came to the realization that shortly after you were born is when your parents stopped giving as much of a fuckI even had to teach myself how to tie my fucking shoelaces.
well neutral is always better than the shithole you've cast yourself intoAnyway. I'm fairly sure you know the solution to your situation. So what exactly is keeping you from applying it?
Well, the solution would be surrounding myself with supportive people that i can safely call my friends.Some reasons why that's feasible:when i feel good during parts of the day i have a pretty good sense of humor i'm there are people who don't fucking hate me and have some positive opinions about me that i should be talking to moreReasons why that's not feasible:nobody fucking talks to meduring the day when i'm around people, i always ask people if they ever want to hang out, or do fucking ANYTHING, they usually say "oh sure text me later bruh"i text themthey never fucking answernobody fucking answersevergod damn everaside from long-distance e-friends and family i talk to fucking nobodyi haven't talked to anybody who should be in my peer group in like 2 monthsfuck, maybe my "sense of humor" is shitmaybe she wasn't a batshit SJWmaybe i'm just annoying as fucki don't even know anymore
Lets get down to business.To outbid the huns!Here I have some figuresand some facts and sums!Its the saddest lot youve ever boughtbut if you bet on this one tooMister Illmake you a buckor twoBusiness man!We must be swift as the stock exchangesBusiness man!With all the force of a great tycoon Business man!With all the strength of a thriving marketMysterious as the Romneys revenues!Im never gonna get this backSay good bye to my salary Boy was I fool in school for cutting STATSThis guys got them scared to deathHope he doesnt see my assets Now I really wish I knew how to add!
thanks for the giggl m8 I really needed it
tfw you walk by a girl that wears the same perfume as her
Hey robots, how do you relieve stress? I play GTA 5 and kill all the black people in the streets. Really calms the nerves
Meditation works best but I struggle to do it regularly.
Op here I'm not racist either I just aim mostly for the hoodrats. My ex meditates now she's a fucking heartbreaking whore fuck you morgynn
torturing small animals is rumored to be an effective stress reliever among psychotics
tfw all I want in life right now is a job so I can afford to play GTA V on the pcwish me luck, m8eys
Le edgy I hate reddit faggots
Similar, I have a save in Oblivion that I go to and massacre the entire game. If you can die, you do die. Then I just attack someone that can't die for the fun of it.
GTA V is shit as a murder simulator. The kills were so much more satisfying and realistic in IV.
But I cannot agree with you. I'm having a blast playing it on my xbone. Pcs are overrated
I hit my head against the wall and make drowning sounds.
How do I deal with stress?I wait 5 days so I can get hammered drunk on my weekends. It's funny, I just got a pamphlet at work the other day about how to handle stress and it says to seek professional help in case you're having a lot of trouble with it. I use drinking 2 times a week to help with stress and that's one of the things the pamphlet says not to do. It says not to drink or use drugs to help fight stress. I have no idea how to fight stress other than drinking and smoking cigarettes. I'm at a total loss. Seeking professional help for stress costs way too much fucking money. You better bet your ass I'm going to drink and smoke to deal with stress instead of pay 80 bucks a session a week with a therapist for my stress. Fuck this gay world.
RPing a white supremacist is quite effective when so many minorities play
Watch anime or read book.
fapping
I play with toys
all I want in life is to spend all my time working so I can spend my free time in virtual reality
What's your favorite body part to scratch and smell? If I scratch my balls and don't smell them my brain goes crazy until I sniff my fingers.
, 
Hello robotsI wrote a play. It's about broken families, broken friendships, and failed romance. All through the lense of a delusional robot protagonist who can't tell what's real and what's fake.It's pretty much about becoming the person you really are inside, in this case a total monster who is so far from happiness and love that he might not be able to go back to normal.I think you guys might like it. You can read it here:tell me what you think, even if you only read a little bit.
Complete shit. People like you should be forbidden from attempting to be creative in any form. Just kill yourself now.
can somebody read this and tell us if it is shit? written by 16 years old edgy shit
It's shit.
I'm 20 and I study theatre in college, Idk if my play is any good artistically but it's well written from a technical stance.I need to get other opinions on it so I can start on the second draft but I don't have any friends in real life so I figured you guys were all I have.
I'm 20 and I study theatre in collegeI might read it tonight at some point but what about your classmates?
Poor goosey.
sold!. ill check it out. who are some of your influences /favorites?
Stopped reading at the third scene. First one was okay, the dialogue was a bit off. By the third scene I was bored shitless
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not but my favorite writers are Sam Sheppard, Jim Leonard, and Edward Albee. My favorite play at the moment is Woyzeck.My play is a little more inspired by films, since it deals with movies as a way of escaping our troubles. In that regard, it takes from everything from westerns, to noir, to b horror, to Italian giallo movies and lots of other shit.I'm the only writer at my uni, plus it's summer so no one's around and they don't really like me anyway. If you read it you'll see why, I'm kind of an autistic jerk.
Really? I think the second scene is my strongest. I get the dialogue might be weird, part of it is first draft awkwardness and also a lot of it is in kind of a rural dialect. Either way I know it needs work. Thanks for your thoughts anon, I guess
All I want is a shut-in girl I can relate toThey don't exist. Hikikomori girls do not exist. If they don't have a boyfriend they have a girlfriend. If they don't have a boyfriend/girlfriend then they're at least still surrounded by orbitersThere are some girls who are genuinely lonely, they're the ones who killed themselves by 18
Pretty much. Or they cash in on the fact that they're a girl 16-18 and become normie.
They do exist. I'm with one. Yesterday we were in bed and someone knocked on the front door and we both pretended not to hear it and were quiet until they went away. I realized then that I was in love.
Are you literally retarded?
So what happened when you woke up and realized it was all a dream?
or theyre malfunctioning and theres a reason why their a loner female loners aren't natural, and typically is a good indicator of a serious issue--more so than with male loners
these girls exist but you will never meet eachother because you're both in your rooms all day and you would probably reject her anyway because she's as ugly fat and pathetic as you are
I'm a shut-in girl but we'll never meet

I wouldn't mind an "ugly" girl. Not all of them are fat, either. I'm an extremely shut-in NEET and yet very fit.
begging for dicks in a thread about girls
This has happened to me.I didn't reject her for her looks, though. I found her very pretty.I was just afraid that when she found out how boring I was, she would break my heart and I would be even worse off.She has tried to contact me many, many times and I have been trying my best to ignore them.I am in pain.
I'm a NEEThikki girl, haven't left my house for about 5 months now. But even though I'm lonely I'm not interested in having an orbiter or a boyfriend I'm assuming those are your intentions.
OP hereI just want someone I can relate to which means fat and uglyIt's all irrelevant anyway. I'm fantasizing about something that even if I were to meet a shut-in that I got along with I would push them away. I fantasize about being in a state of mind where I could keep friends and not be disgusted by other people and not hate myself so much I force myself to be miserable and lonely and try to make every person who takes an interest in me despise me and be disgusted by me.
I dunno, don't go for western girls or somethingthrough the real story behind the picture was she was bullied in her youth and was now a true shut-in
I just want to make a thread where I complain I just want my head to not be so messed up any more. I just want to believe that there's a chance out there for me to form a stable relationship with another person at some point in my life
Why not?
it doesn't matter anymore anon just let go
, 
, 
think you might be bi realize you are just desperate for any attention
think you might be biwatch gay pornfucking grossthink about having sex with a man while you talk to him IRLfucking grossmust not be bi thennext day..think you might birepeat
post your dickI'll give you attention
Wew lad.
when did le wrinkle face become wew lad?
I fap mostly to gay porn/fantasies but once I get around real girls all that shit flies out the window
Throughout your life, what type of girl have you attracted the most? What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?
12 yr old hispanic school girlsbut i'm not a pedo
crazies / craziesmakes for fun times
I attracted women with severe mental issues, probably daddy issues, and self esteem issues. Turned them down, cause I feel like the scum of the Earth myself.Oh, and my dick is timy. So, there's that.
girls you attractedAverage intelligenceAverage looksHave no idea why they like megirls I'm attracted to mostcutepale skinnot fatpale skinnot fatcute
tfw no zyzz body
Nothing but mulattos, black girls, and hispanicsI am a white male and no white women wants me, I dont like dogs or cats those women are trash that is probably why I cant get a white gf
Ugly womenFat womenqt girls that think Im cute but aware Im a betaThat's pretty much it.
what type of girl have you attracted the most?None. What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Meganekkos
12yo white girls for me
Girls with slightly ugly faces but in a cute way and they have to be stick thin or short also I can't explain but I feel like I know more about a girl from her voice than what she's saying
what type of girl have you attracted the most?Gay menWhat type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Nihilists
The two gf's I've loved were bothshortbrunettethin/athletic buildBut huge bitches who broke my heart
mulattos, black girls, and hispanicsI WANT THOSE WOMEN WHITES CAN'T BE ROBOTSREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
The answer to both of those questions is borderline girls.
Black and muslim womenLiterally the worst women you can get
type of girl you attractedfatdaddy issuestype of girl you found yourself attracted tole hipster girltomboysartsy girls
ever since I was 13 it's mostly been punk rock girls that have been interested in me. I only listened to dadrock back then and in hs I listened to progressive rock but there's practically no social niche for that.
brunettes, mostly italian or greek girls that have slightly darker skin but not orange/nigger tier, with nice asses, pretty in a 'next door neighbor' kind of way. NOT dirty jersey italian tier trash. i don't really care about tits. that's the main type i go for, i don't really care for blondes.
le hipster girltomboysartsy girlsShit taste
I wouldn't be here if I attracted women.I used to just fall for any girl who would be nice to me. Now I'm into sadists
Far younger girls that haven't abandoned the concept of ideals.
meek nice girls for the most part but also sluts
tfw fat chicks constantly try to flirt with mezero interest in digusting blobsI can't stand fat people
Sour fat black woman, I'm a nerdy black guy, I think they see men like me as easy prey or some shit but I'm not that desperate.
Pale blonde girls who dress conservatively and are virgins waiting for their husbands.Always have been and always will be. There is some big obstacles preventing me from obtaining these women. There are very few of them and I am not religious at all.
Mousey girls. Big eyes, little noses, slender faces, cute teeth IDK shit just drives me wild
implying you woldn't "fuck" a girl like pic related
what type of girl have you attracted the mostNothing but mulattos, black girls, and hispanicsWhat type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?light skinned arabscute redneck girl with an accent who doesnt chew and isnt a degenerate
meant for 
I attract pixie sluts with daddy issues.
If you have ever attracted a woman, you can fuck right off my board, you motherfucking chad assholes.
another
I like you anon, we can be friends.
As a pale skinny white dude, for some reason I don't understand, mostly hipsterish black girls are attracted to me. That's what I'm into though, so I guess lucky for me.
Black girls in the USA that come from a working household and are raised in a way that promotes education are almost always cool, at least in my experience. Always more fun and emphatic than most other people. Muslims, I don't know about. I don't like conservative Muslims.
another black dude here, I feel you. I'm not bitter towards them but I don't know how they think they have a chance with me. I'm not being conceited either, I consider myself average with looks, height, and weight and I kinda expect the same. It's like...women think going for average is lowering their standards. While for us guys, when we lower our standards, we are going for actual ugly women.
what type of girl have you attracted the most? Single mothers are the only thing i have ever attracted. Only 2 of them too. I rejected both obviously because I would rather die.What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Petite virgin women, blind virgin women, and burned virgin women. Nothing makes me more rock hard than a woman who is a virgin. Biggest fetish by far.
have another. Shes a classic, too bad shes old now.
Good for you! :D
intelligent, calculating musician /artist girlsImpulzive Crazy white trash with BPD and stoner girls
what type of girl have you attracted the most? "Former" party sluts in their late 20s who have fucked hundreds of men.What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Virgins.I am going to die alone, I can already tell.
Whites cant be robotsIf i date any of those 3 besides maybe hispanics I would be the laughing stock in my familyI just want a white women who doesnt like parasitessavage dogs and cats
Women that I've attracted:BlondsBrunettesAsiansLatinasOf all shapes and sizesOnly had sex with 2 women though because I'm a fucking idiot and seem set on ruining my life.
Short girls and well dressed gay black dudes.No elegant-as-fuck clubrat black girls.No college-style demure black girls.No super-friendly girl next door black girls with natural hair.No super-fun ratchet southern side-bitch.No motherly conservative muslimas.No fiery semi-anti-semetic lebanese girls.No blowjob loving ho-jabis.No God-Tier muslim Somalis.You're missing out, man.
Short hair is a turnoff for me
 but I don't know how they think they have a chance with me.I see it a lot though, especially in the black community, average black dude with fat black chick, I hate to say it but as far as dating value goes we're both in the same ballpark, only ballers and thugs get the bad bitches.
what type of girl have you attracted the most?Younger girls, the kind that are a bit dumb but energetic and bubbly, I guess.What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Smart and independent ones. The colder they seem, the better.
I've attracted girls that recently broke up with chad, and I'm attracted cute short foreigners
Ugly, niggers, fatties and smart ones, and one time a fucking giraffe 6'3" and I am 5'10"Small, skinnys and whites/asians
black guys like fat chicks.
only met one I've been genuinely attracted tonot just physically and I still think about her 6 years later. she was caring, had low-confidence and lacked some self-awarenessmade her interesting and funny. we danced at prom and she tried to cover her sweaty hands with her hoodie sleeves.everyone else seems so flat compared to her.
Girls with short hair
worst type
I wouldn't say it's my thing, I'm just not instantly turned off by chubby women like most white guys.
How many women do you think zyzz fugged?
My nigga
I'm a shitskin so don't call me a racemixer but for me it's always been-brown skin-brown eyes-black hair, straight-black hair, wavy-slim-ass-small/medium titsAll of the girls I've dated or had a crush on have been either Indian, Arabic, Latina, or half-black.
tfw never wanted gf until I saw short hair qts
Throughout your life, what type of girl have you attracted the most? Overweight, unintelligent girls.What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Mental ones who cut themselves.
He had major ugly-duckling syndrome, so he really hated it when women fawned over him.Going from unattractive to aesthetic can be very hard on someone young. He was offended to realize how much looks matter.
Daddy issuesSelf-Esteem issuesCuttersSlutsShame I have never slept with a chick that isn't in the double digits when it comes to partners.
Interestingly enough it's almost 50/50 betweenButterface/conventionally-unattractive faces but nice bodies, socially-introverted, very few friendsandseriously 9/10s, outgoing, friendly-but-shallow, tries very hard to sound/actually thinks she is incredibly deep and wiseHardly a surprise, the first of the two always turns out to be a way better relationship than the second.
I've always preferred the nerdy types,got a major glasses fetish.And I do like tomboys,something about a girl who can swear like a sailor and isn't afraid to get dirty even in the mind,queer girls are also great.Combine all this and that describes my girlfriend.
usually what you would call plain jane cute. I could never attract like the hot/bitchy girl.
she's such a fucking tryhard but she's got some tunes
what type of girl have you attracted the most?Closet bissexuals.Really, the two girls I had some sort of deeper relationship became bissexuals soon after our breakup.What type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?Either chubbies or petite girls.Also women with somewhat fucked up mental state One of the girls I spent one year chasing literally tried to kill herself because she couldn't get over her ex
I like little brown girls tbh
attract no women at all everattracted to obese womenBeing shy really does suck if you're a guy.
15-17 hot tan blue eyed girls18-23 black girls with huge tits24-26 young white and hispanic girls and milfs Still a virgin btw
what type of girl have you attracted the most?a gay boy and a fattyWhat type of girl have you found yourself attracted to the most?pale brunette hipster tomboys
band geek with daddy issuesweeaboo with daddy issuestumblr speech and debate girl with daddy issuescertifiably insane speech and debate girlThose were pretty much the only girls who were attracted to me in high school. I'm honestly surprised there were that many.
no girls have ever been attracted to me i get a huge crush on any girl who is nice to me
what girls do you attract?very leftist SJWswhat are you attracted to the mostTomboys and/or pic related not sure if you could call it a tomboy per se simply because of short hairIt's funny because I'm very open with not giving a shit about SJW stuff, and I often make very politically incorrect jokes, and still they're the ones that like me the most.
I'd call her a tomboy because she looks like a boy. Seriously that chick is pretty androgynous. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Girls I've attracted?ghetto black girlsI'm Attracted tonot ghetto black girls
sorta cute 6s and 7si have a bit of a soft spot for girls people consider 'crazy', instability is often reassuring in the oddest of ways
girls I haz attracted?low self esteemdaddy issuescraziespale white girlsPhat hispanics. the good wayim attracted tophat girlsthe ass has to be phatvirile
Fuck Zyzz is so cute. You can still see his spergy self lingering around his chad body and it's adorable. Whenever I think of Zyzz I'm happy how a complete sperg anon made something of himself.no homo
Girl attractedCute petite asiansCute petite half-asiansBunch of average white chicksFew attractive white chicksGirls I'm attracted toEverything except chubs and really short girlsI'm 3/4 white and 1/4 Asian and I grew up in Hong Kong. Asian chicks dig the whiteness and can convince themselves that they're not betraying their own race to fuck me because I'm part Asian
my specificationswhitetalllight eyesdirty blondein range from skinnyfat to chubbygirls I've attractedchubsblack girlsextremely average white girls, just too boring to care fortwinksthings I'm attracted toblackshortskinnygirls with red flags all over the place, like a dark blue haired tumblr using manshaming scene girl. Gives me forbidden fruit syndrome"nerdy girls" and "gamer girls". could probably be categorized under red flag girlsZyzzdefinitely NOT attracted tofull on fat fucks
Whores. Of the most vapid and basic varietyEmo/scene/punk/edgy girls who come from broken homes and may or may not have substance abuse problems. Don't know why, but girls like that melt my heart, so I do my best to avoid contact with them lest I get too attached to somebody I can never have. That or an introverted fembot, but emotional instability is pretty much a must, otherwise they won't understand me.
Impulzive Crazy white trash with BPDWhy do we love women like this anon?
This girl who is 6 foot my height really liked me she forced me to take her number and she just sends me memes not kidding to which I have to reply to and now she doesn't even text me anymore I don't really care she was 6/10 and I hate memes.all i want is a girl who is clever and cute and shorter than me and also doesn't care that I smoke sometimes
mewhite6'3fairly builtgirls ive attractedblacklatinoindian
Mainly my wifes 10 year old sister and her little friends.I feel uncomfortable when shes around.
Who /bratootight/ here?I'm in pain.
who /yui/ herewho /writewhothenawordinsideofslashestoimitateaboardname/ here
who /male wearing a bra/ here?mine isn't too tight btw
Put it on one of the other clasps so it's looser, or just buy a new one, damn
/same/ herewho /branowoff/ here?
, 
who here think sex is over-rated ? only after having real sex for the umpteenth time ? uncutno condom cum inside vaginals
tfw sometimes you feel good as fuck.laughing and smiling like an asshole in publicthen the reality comes crashing back down and hits you like a sack of bricks.suddenly bitch tearsvideo related; it's me talking to my alter-ego. 
College general thread.What's your major? I'm majoring in Cuck studies with a minor in African American literature
physicsit's fun knowing there's a 1% chance of getting a job in my field
Good post, OP.
IT NetworkingJust got a letter saying I'm on academic probation because my GPA is lower than 1.7I hate myself.
neuroscienceartificial intelligence, study of consciousness, free will, etc. interesting shit
nice dubsCS here..I don't think I'm going to make it
What do you think of Sam Harris' work?
I go to an ivy league school and am majoring in music. Looking forward to my full time occupation of being a NEET after graduation.My life has slowly ground to a halt after these past few years, and I want what I want now, not what society wants of me. Fucking social people
What do you want now? What does society want from you?
Majored in thugonomics, certifed G
Microbiology
Majoring in Accounting, got an exam in 5 days and haven't studied at all
I started school as a mathematics major. I come from a poor family, but I was planning and succeeding in going into high finance. Internships laid out, connections, everything.I switched to music my junior year. All I want to be is happy, alone, where I can be me, alone. Society wants me to fit in, and I can't, so I'm not going to.
Electrical EngineeringAt least I'm in 4th year now.
majored in English, got no job obviously. now back in college for software development
I wasn't smart enough for math but I'll pretend I switched out because I was following my passion
Same here. What do you want to do with your major?
Neuroscience - a degree that's worthless on a resume unless prefaced by "doctorate in."
Management Information Sciences
Yeah, mathematics was too much work for a field I didn't want to go into. I asked myself, honestly, if I planned on stomaching a career in finance, and I knew I wouldn't be able to do it. Music is a joke, and it means my last years here will be a free flowing easy ride, which is just how I want it.
What's networking?
I'm a psych grad student being taught by a neuroscientist.Her contempt for us and our soft scienceness is palpable.
I'm a Music Ed/Jazz Studies major. Unlike 85% of music majors, I'll actually have some job security because I actually networked and gig around a relatively major music city.
technologistit's the guys inbetween the engineers and the electricians. it's no girls rad.
math and CShopefully going to go into either software, actuary stuff, or financetfw ambitioustfw stress and academic difficulty turn you into a high-functioning drug addict
Electrical engineeringWill have 4 internships in software/hardware testing when I graduate, so the job outlook is pretty good
CS here too brahI have high hopes but I am likely to be very disappointed, CS seems like a meme degree
Just finished my first semester in my BA either going to major in film studies or philosophy ez pz
Marketing
Like I said, fuck social peopel
majoring in musicnot networking with professors and other students...You dun goofed...Most music majors either tend to be on the robot/cyborg side or the Tumblrina SJW side. Even robots like us can find work in our field, as long as you're top tier on your instrument and keep a positive rapport with other musicians.If you thought being a music major was just about sitting in your room, bullshitting with just your thoughts, then I don't even know what you expect to do with your degree.
I just got done explaining that my plan is to do nothing at all
Like I said. What's the point then? Are you just going to continue to live with your parents or living off autismbux? What's your plan of action or lack thereof?
CS. I have a 3.33 and I have two years left. I want to go to grad school but I'm going to be in a lot of debt. I hate myself
As a person, I find him a little too misogynistic for my tastes.
I'm going to live extremely frugally while working part time if I can't find a way to get benefits. All I really need is an internet connection and a place to stay, and I'm willing to work for that.This will be in a few years, so I haven't started really planning. I'm fucked either way, it's just that unlike most people who are NEETs after college, I'm preparing ahead of time.
"music is a joke"probably for employment tooi know a lot of people who got music degreesnone of them have music jobs
Upcoming junior, economics majorfeels okay
If you're going to be a music major, major in Music Education or Music Therapy if you want job security.
BS in Materials ScienceI graduated a month ago and haven't really done anything since. I have no idea what I should do.
hey same here! I have a 4.0! RIT?people like you is why people like us make so much money.
Starting in 3 months, medicine.
Sam Harris
calling dubs
looks like nobody picked up
CS master race reporting in
, 
HE
IS
JUST
A
cuck
MAN
FUCKER
?
YES
Pretty accurate.
He'll probably kill himself soon like so many post op trannies
CALL
And it tastes just like coca cola.....c o l a cola

JUST
HAS NO STYLE
god damn good thing Pokemon came out before that shitIt would have ruined so many childhoods if women had campaigned against pokemon first and second gen because you couldn't play as a woman and because pokemon had no genderI'm so glad that's not how it played out man holy fuck
Did he cut his dick off?
Doubtful. He's rich, unlike the vast majority of trans.
Robin Williams was rich, too and now look where he is
muh sjws. insert your head into an oven.

Except he was broke. His two ex wives took all his money. Why do you think his last project was a TV show. He hated doing TV but he needed cash
I'm not sure that's a fair comparison. Williams was a depressed alcoholic with Parkinson's. Jenner, as far as I care to know, is not.
Dude, fucking yeah holy shit never thought about that before. The whole style and simplicity of pokemon would've gotten so fucked and watered down.Thank you 90s games, you will never come again, but we will remember you.
old ex gf texted me some bullshit about wanting to be friends with me againI replypic relatedwho /proudasshole/ here?
That's too alpha to be anything an Anon would say
proud assholeThat sounds like some dumb shitI am somebody who would hurt somebody else, but only as revenge or recompenseI would never willingly or knowingly just be mean to someone and cause them emotional or physical distress just willy-nilly like for no reason. People who don't care about other people's feelings should be killed like dogs in the street
old ex gffuck off man. i come here to forget.
She'll get drunk for weeks thinking about thisone of those nights she'll call you to fuh
Noice work OP
Who cares she's "ex" for a reason.
People who don't care about other people's feelings should be killed like dogs in the street
match with some mountain climber girl on tinderlegit curious as shes pale as fuck yet climbing some huge rockask her if she mainly climbs inside."wow u tryin to neg me?"unmatch herInadvertent asshole but meh.
Why do they always want to remain friends?
This. Duh. Good work sperg op. Would you actually like to fuck her again? Cuz you probably ruined that. Did she fuck you over? If not you goofed.
People who don't care about other people's feelings should be killed like dogs in the streetBut that sounds you don't care about their feelings though.
i was responding to OP's question of who is a proud assholeword so you're saying you like the fact that randomly at any time you can meet a person who would steal from you or smash your teeth in if you said the wrong thing to them?But hey, I suppose my idea that people should be decent to one another makes me retarded right?hear news storyhomeless man asked college student for money in broad daylight afternoonstudent says sorry has no moneyhomeless man stabs student to deathbe more paranoidI just hope the next time somebody acts recklessly with another person's well being or quality of life, its directed at you, since you don't seem to understand the concept of self-preservation or, you know, nice thingsmf if somebody said that to me
You should have agreed and then ignored her.
This question has had me dumbfounded for years. Whenever a relationship goes south, ive always cut all ties. But it seems like every time, they come crawling back, but never to get back together, just to "be friends" WHAT IS THEIR END GAME? WHY DO THEY DO THIS?WHAT DO YOU WHORES WANT FROM ME?
If I start getting close to a girl, I'll usually inadvertently start being a dick. It's usually around the fourth week that she starts to hate me. By week 6 we're pretty much strangers.
They want to have you around their finger without having to be in a relationship. Simple.
word so you're saying you like the fact that randomly at any time you can meet a person who would steal from you or smash your teeth in if you said the wrong thing to them?No, why would I like that? Are you retarded? Maybe you should be killed in the street for being such an idiot.
11/10.People who don't care about other people's feelings should be killed like dogs in the streetThe hypocrisy of slave morality erryone.
I don't.Those people don't deserve to have their feelings cared about because they don't care about other's feelings.Certain things you may be entitled to, as a living thing, I guess, if you think life is secretDecency is not entitled, it is earnedIf you would do things to a person they don't want done to them simply because you want to, then you deserve to be killed, or banished from the rest of societyThat is what I believeI would gladly and willingly burn in a fire if I knew that those people were burning with meI've thought about that for a long time and only recently did I decide that yes, yes I would burn to eliminate that ilk of scum from the world.Imagine how nice the world would be if everybody cared about how everybody else felt?
yes I would burn to eliminate that ilk of scum from the world.how's 9th grade doing you billy, a bit hard on ya eh?
Attention. They'll drop a one liner to make you think about them for weeks. Gives them satisfaction. It's like "randomly" brushing an orbiters arm once every few months to fuel the hope and get attention.You made that reply. You think about her. She got what she wanted. Ever had some chick message you, saying that she is bored or something along those lines and once you reply they never say anything back? Easiest way to get attention without doing anything.
that's some serious edge u got there son
Anyone got more of those texts like OP where girls just keep coming back for more?
can't add an apostrophe and an eyeah, you did the right thing OP
dude for real? I was literally just following the train of logic that you put downpic relatedI honestly don't understand why people mock thisIs it really so sophomoric that I would die for a world where people weren't mistreated in any capacity, be it murder, theft, or disrespect?I suppose that makes me naive in a certain sense but damn.You guys really hear somebody saying that and think, "wow fuck this dude" instead of, "yeah I guess that'd be a nice world to live in"that's fucked
It's the correct decision to turn her attempt to bring you into her orbit down, but you don't need to be a dick about it.
Asshole? More like alphaProud of you OP
Is it really so sophomoric that I would die for a world where people weren't mistreated in any capacity, be it murder, theft, or disrespect?yes it is, you've got a teenagers view of existence and you've got a retarded heroes complex.
yes it is. people are selfish assholes yourself and myself included, always have been and always will be. nothing will change that
YOURTell her she's dumb too.
people aren't black and whitegood people do bad things. everyone's actions are perfectly rational and justified from their point of view. that doesn't mean there is no right or wrong, but kill everyone who ever mistreated anyone in any way and you got yourself one empty ass fucking planet. i mean shit son, ur talking about killing people in the street, let that sink in
Mfw the only good piece of advice in this thread is deleted
How do I get an ex to come back? I want her more than anything but since she dumped me I won't be chasing her ever.
, 
Newfag here, how do I leave the /wageslave/ life? Pic unrelated
If you hate women so much, why do you talk about them all the time? Nobody is stopping you from sucking dicks just fyi.
except biology
If you hate women so much, why do you talk about them all the time?so? how is it strange to talk about something one hates? I fail to see the problem
This, just go look at /pol/. Or /k/. Or literally any board on 4chan.
i just wasted my 4 month no fap and edged for like 30 mins there was so much cumno white gf to creampie in
what kind of person only ever thinks about what they hate and can never have. constantly filling themselves with evil emotions everyday and then say oh i dont see a problem. you robots are so typical.
You pretty much have four options:A Become Chad denied to most robots, as it requires a tremendous amount of effort and dedication and you're still going to have to deal with your ugly faceB Lower your standards to truly horrific hamplanets/acquiesce to involuntary celibacyC ProstitutesD RapeI personally would pick C before I picked D, but of course you're still being controlled by women if you do that.I'm not saying "go out and rape someone" but I am saying that it's really exciting and pleasant to know that somewhere there is a woman being forcefully removed from her pedestal, her station as the gatekeeper of sex and affection is being taken away from her.And really, isn't that fair? She didn't do anything to earn that lofty perch. She was just born female. It's enough to make one wonder if the occasional rape is just the universe putting some slight effort towards righting a cosmic injustice; like, "let her endure some pain for once in her charmed life."
Because they're all "nice guys" lmao
what kind of person only ever thinks aboutyou robots are so typical.the first question 'what kind of person' is contradicting with your statement 'you're typical' because you're stating your disturbance at first but then claim its nothing new by using the word 'typical'learn to use your language in a correct mannerbasically you're stupid and I'd bet your IQ level is below 100
why focus on something that makes you mad, makes no sense.
I hate most of them as people, but I like their bodies. I really only want a gf because I know I'll get attached to her and be blinded. Either that or I suffer loneliness.
well if your so smart why are you so miserable.lol@u
of course, it doesn't make sense for a female because they are programmed to escape from their problems and let the men solve themlet the grownups talk honey, you should leave thinking to your betters
there is a clear correlation between high iq and depression, you can google it easily
so if you are so smart why would you tell me to learn more and be miserable like you. seems a bit iono CONTRADICTORY?!?!? lol@u even more
the pussychuh try not to contradict yourself in the same breath sweetheart
I hate most of them as people, but I like their bodies.This, woman only care about what they can extract from you, family and friends will be there from the bottom to the top, girls just wait for you to reach to top then give you the time of day. Also woman aren't obligated to develop any sort of character, men have to put their ego on the line just ask a girl out while yet again they just wait to have dick handed to them.
You know what I really hate about women? The fact that after a relationship ends she goes and finds a new boyfriend like a week later. It's like we're just disposable.
sorry if we dont want to wallow in self puity 24/7 and go out to find happiness. sorry for not wanting to be miserable all the time like you. /s
happiness is for weak faggots and bitcheshate wins
Maybe because I am attracted to women's bodies, but absolutely hate every single thing about their shitty narcissistic personalities? Ever think of that?
oh i quite agree, everyone on this board seem like real winners...
pretty faceartistic abilityanime on r9kI'm laughing right now, just imagining all of the butthurt and collective clenched anuses from r9k
Unwanted
sorry for not wanting to be miserable all the time like you.thats how shit people self-delude themselvesi j-just want to be happy, nothing else matter!you're such a sad basic cunt
show me your titties and I might let you suck my winning dick bitch
im not the one hating on others because they want to be happy and go out finding it. yea im the "sad" one here /s
no thanks, i reject you. : why dont you take that winning dick of yours and score some since you know it must be so easy for a winner like you.
you're definietly basic, useless and most of all utterly forgettableand there is nothing wrong with hating on those who stomp on others and justify it with "m-muh happiness"and you will be truly sad when you look in the mirror one day and see a absolutely nothing original
i'm still waiting for you to use the "i only come to r9k to laugh at you guys" meme. it's the classic escape rope of the retarded when they've backed themselves into a corner.
drawing animeartistic abilitylol
Wait, wasn't that the underaged 16-17 year old girl who posted her nudes on /b/ during Christmas and got in trouble with her family and the cops because they doxed her? She DIDN'T learn her lesson to stay out of here? Shame.. she's cute but so nave and dumb.
ha if I let you suck my dick bitches would be mad about it believe me I'm plenty occupied
of course, i would never think youre a prepubescent loveless sexless delusional little manboy who talks big behind his computer. not once did it cross my mind :
She's mai waifu.Fite me bitch.
more pics
so is this the part where im suppose to feel insulted by someone like you, like you need for emphasis calling me useless? i think youve been stomping on yourself so much over the years its made you a little insane. just a thought.im not a robot like you sorry
stop loving me so much you smiling faggot
oh, i know I'm uselessbut I also know I'm still a much better person than you are and that's the only thing that matters to me
Women are the "gatekeepers" of sex because there are too many goddamned people trying to get through the gate. Do you not understand that? That's why whores and sluts are hated so much, because they left the gates open and let everybody in. They are promiscuous by definition. Promiscuous literally means "mixed together", it means anyone gets in.Women are MEANT to be the gatekeepers. That is what nature intended. Too many guys try to get through, do you expect them to let everybody in? That is what we call a whore.That's why rape is so serious and why it is not fair at all. It means that a guy broke through the gate by force. It's like coming home to find your house ransacked. It's a violation of property on a more personal level. A guy disturbed a woman's ability to act as gatekeeper, he took that fair and natural position from her, he broke into something, broke into a human body. It's not something to be fantasized about my nigga.
fair and natural"natural" very rarely correlates positively to "fair"
boo hoo women are victimscry/river
You obviously didn't see the rape thread yesterday he copied that from.
What did they do to deserve gatekeeper status? What is "fair" about it, exactly?
if being haooy means you are a sad basic cunt I would rather be that.
I would rather be thatof course you would
robots are original. top kek
I want her to draw more Jojo with even bigger eyebrows.
kek in what aspect are you better. looks. no.awareness. no. gaming. yes.being a robot. yes
A better question is why you come to a board thats sole purpose to allow men to vent their anger towards you?
what did man do to not have the role of birth
Why are women so stupid anyways /r9k/?I have met maybe 5 smart, genuinely worthwhile women in my life, and 4 of them had awful childhoods and 3 of them were black.
everyone would dumbass. of course you want to stay depressed. thats as original as you will ever get.
acting dumb is easy and safe for woman, as their intrasexual competition is largely about physical attractiveness. As compared to men, who strive to strongly signal intelligence.
give me your definition of smart. im implying that everyone is stupid, lazy, worthless,ugly ,weird. It's funny how you expect everyone to not be this way to some degree including feman
What the fuck is this post even saying?Can women not even type?
everyone would dumbassnope
Asuka may not be able to love me, but at least she can't hate me and abuse me.
this who i think it is? marky is that you?
Because too many people try to get into the gate. How is it not fair that there has to be a way of stopping people from getting in?Do you want men to be the gatekeepers instead? Do you want to control the power of sex so women always come to you for it? I'm sure that would fulfil many fantasies for you, but look at reality. Women do not want to have sex with everybody who wants to do it with them. That's why there must be a gatekeeper. That's why it's fair. You are jealous of women because they control who has and doesn't have sex with them, and I don't understand why. It has to be this way. What do you suggest? How do you want to make it "fair" in your eyes, other than "I get to have sex with women now"?
and 4 of them had awful childhoodsthats interesting, the only girl I knew who's ever had something worthwhile to say was raped and abused during her childhood
Because sexuality isn't a choiceStraight men and lesbians are the strongest proof of the previous statement. Who the fuck in their right mind would actually choose to be with a woman?
jesus christ she came back?
i lay my cape at your feet, m lady. at your service
you don't want to beh happeh. omg you aint sheett
u a retarrd
I can think of many mechanisms for gatekeeping that don't involve putting the responsibility into the largely inept hands of a woman. When women are left to their own devices to man the gate, even the chaste ones tend to pick shitty men to breed with.You seem to be confused about the definition of the word 'fair' - you're using it as a synonym for the word 'necessary'. Society rolled along just fine when there were societal controls on a woman's sexuality. Now there aren't, and we're reaping the consequences.FWIW if we're talking about me in particular, I already have sex with women. But I have to pretend to be another human being to do it, and I'm filled with a constant rage about this. If I didn't manipulate, con, and lie to women I'd still be a virgin. I figured out how to break the system but I'm still not happy, because all it did was give me a deeper understanding of women which in turn made me hate women more than I already did. There's no way out for people like us.
There's no way out for people like us.yes there is
chastity belt?
even the chaste ones tend to pick shitty men to breed with.Prepare to be bombarded with posts full of "UR JUST MAD THAT THEY WON'T SLEEP WITH YOU!"
Man, why do white people have such low standards?Is this your idea of waifu-material?No wonder white women have such princess complexes.
clearly shes no rose, but there can only be one goddess
Yea, like I said, low standards.
What's ironic about that is they actually will sleep with me... as long as I'm pretending to be the worst kind of human being. I've proven this time and time again; single or taken, it really doesn't matter with chicks. My opinion of them is in the shitter and it's at least 60% because of my sexual experiences with them.
No man actually likes women.Women are generally shit people nowadays.
But I have to pretend to be another human being to do it, and I'm filled with a constant rage about this. If I didn't manipulate, con, and lie to women I'd still be a virgin.yes it is unsightly what we've been lowered to, it makes me sick
using the image that dumb, thirsty-ass 3DPD madeShe can't even draw my waifu properly.Fucking mopey, downie looking slagbeast 3DPD should introduce herself to a noose.
implying that you are a great person. hypocrite
I'm not a shit person, like your typical woman.
do you expect them to let everybody in?If most populations are 50% men and 50% women then there should be a woman for every man and vice versa.
hating your own biological functionsThere is no bigger red flag.
underaged so technically cp.

be my gf
arwenchan is a qt, what are you smoking
That's a rare Marky, do you have more?
This is the kind of shit you have to do to make it as a normie. Notice the 98 likes of approval. Anyone else think this is incredibly try hard? Carrying a big hardcover book to a rap concert?
Meh.
i'm not gonna circlejerk with you, anon.
ok
Eh its not really funny, but I dont really have a problem with it.
maybe they had a book for the trip there
2015still believes in the normie /robot dichotomy
You're pathetic.
who cares OP he just posted a pic on facebook. meanwhile you screenshotted it and posted it on r9k
want to know how I can tell you're a normie?
shut up faggot
rap concertwhat is the point of such a thing? concerts only make sense if there are real instruments involved, otherwise you may as well "dance" and jump like retards to really loud playbacktfw there are barely ever any concerts worth going to, even in the birthplace of thrash metaltfw metal is basically dead, since my shitty retarded generation would rather spend hundreds to "dance" to electronic garbage with a nigger's voice over it than mosh to something worthwhile
MUH GENERATION DOESN'T LISTEN TO REAL MUSICYou're one dense motherfucker who can't understand the fact that people have different tastes than you do and find different things fun.
one of the main reasons people go to these concerts is so they can show people they did on social media. extra points for uniqueness, like the cunt in the op's picture
That's actually kind of funny really
when did you get here exactly? late may?
hey, idiots! that was bait!
2004
don't you mean 2003? oh right can't make it seem too obvious might as well add a yearfucking moron
funny? as in you're laughing at him? since this wasn't just a joke, he admits to reading 50 pages.
no in 2003 i was busy playing runescape
I thought that was Elliot Rodger from the thumbnail.
People can't possibly enjoy things I don't enjoy, they must be pretending
baitfrom a tripfaganyway this topic is shit
why doesn't he talk to the person taking the pic of him? going to a concert should be a social event, not something you read a damn book waiting for. that's autistic.
I've actually come to like tryhards. At least they're working for it.
the girl next to him is even taking a picture of him "look at this weirdo". you never want to be 'that guy'
:^  i hope my comment didn't disturb your fragile ego
why would a random faggot from a fag like you you ever do anything my ego? you're a friendless virgin ugly nobody.
reee im so mad rawr so angry fuckign normals
agreed
its on facebook so its dumb
RRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Clear attention-seeking.I'm reading. Here, let me take a picture of it and show all my mates on Facebook.In other words business as usual. Normalfags get off on Facebook notifications while we sit about posting frogs.
they don't though, just electronic garbage and nigger babble. real music takes instruments and actual talent, which modern "musicians" don't have. even actual bands autotune their shit now, which makes it all sound so bland and samey. music is basically dead, killed by the internet, greed, ego, lack of taste and stupidity
Yes there are normalfags and robots. There is no overlap between them.
Are you kidding? There are tons of totally legit acts on local, regional and national levels. I know this is /r9k/, but you have the internet. There's no excuse for being that retarded.
Yes, he's pathetic.On the other hand, you are twice as much.
Some hip hop concerts aren't bad ex: Shabazz Palace, RTJ, Rat King. However, I had the displeasure of seeing rocky almost 4 years ago, he is absolutely horrible live. In retrospect I wish I could have brought a book
, 
, 
, 
i can'ti fucking can't breath while knowing this very moment a fucking female, an inferior being is doing the very same action as me.it's as HUMILIATING as it soundsi will fucking wipe you out you fucking pieces of shit, i will erase you and the sorry ass flies that hover around your aura of endless diseases.i can't take any of your SHIT i wont allow you to last ONE MORE SECOND in this world of minemy heart is beating so hard and my head is as red as a ripe tomato from the angerit feels as if the world is crushing me with it's weight on my shoulder, as if it's my duty to clean this planet from the disgusting and inferior ''Female'' species
tfw no gf
chill out broyou just need to get laid
why don't women aged 20-30 just die
hahai pray you're just having a laugh
Who here /substanceabuse/?Do you still abuse?Do you want to STOP?
alcohol is my main one now, used to be cannabis but my med card expired and I'm applying for jobs. and no, I don't want to stop, as it numbs all the pain and bullshit of life, and I don't want to live past 40 anyway
almost constantly smoking marijuanait's the only thing that makes my day enjoyableI'm glad that it's at least just pot, and not alcohol or heroin or something.
, 
You have no excuse not to be high right now
I wish I could sir. I work at a place that drug tests at the drop of a hat. If you even witness an accident you are required to submit a urine sample. I have a QP of some good smoke, just can't smoke it.
send it to me. neet so I can't afford any weed.
I just grow it in my yard. Every year, couple plants.
tfw no connections
Aren't you afraid of neighbors or the cops seeing/smelling it? I'm thinking of getting a san pedro cactus and starting a drug garden. Opium weed and cactus plus salvia would be an awesome garden.
I've class tomorrow morning.
I spend like 200$ Clones, fertilizer and sundries and and get about 3lbs of good. Just grow it, it's easy and you feel like a boss when you harvest.
I dont know any weedmen in my area :Scarborough ontario btw
Because I'm looking for a job and could be tested. I haven't smoked in a month and haven't really wanted to until now fuck
You're right. I'm going to take my Narlant weed and smoke till all earthly sense leaves my body.
i live in texas so weed isn't legal. plus i don't have any friends and i wouldn't know where to begin to start looking for a dealer.
tfw live near Scarborough and have weed Are you prepared to pay in booty?
Yeah, I went and got a medical MJ card muh anxiety lol my NEET neighbor calls the cops every year. ONLY once did the cops come over. I showed my paperwork, let them see I only had 2 plants they were just big they suggested I burn citronella until harvest and reminded me that I can't report someone stealing my crop.
I've never smoked cigs or weed. Is it better than drinking? I got drunk twice and hated it really, the hangover isn't worth the half hour of dozy pleasure you get.
but I am high right nowsmoking my last bowl
I'm not in high school anymore.
I suppose you "graduated" to cocaine or opiates. I'm sure you're doing so much better for it.
well i can't find weed anymore and I don't want the federal government fucking me in the ass for ordering shit of the darknet so that's my excuse
neetsmokes weedsounds about right
IT SMELL LIKE WEEDThat was me.
be 16buying weed at school in the middle of a crowded locker hallwaysomeone goes "hey anon, is that weed I smell?"Me "nope, nope, nope".Put that shit in my bag and run the fuck home nigga.
2020-5using babby's first drug
Lung problemsDrug tests at jobliterally would physically and financially ruin me to smoke a joint
I have no reason to do drugs. I've been high before and nothing came out of it.Play vidyaListen to music manGo to the forestJust get laid while high :^Fuck off getting high to me was just having my reaction speed hindered to the point where I couldn't drive myself home to get away from the group that pressured me to smoke with them.
Weed is 20$ a gram where a live and i consider it to be a huge waste so i dont smoke much. If it was 5$ a gram id smoke all the time
no. for me stoned is just being slow, quiet, and awkward. At least with drinking I feel pseudo-confident
that would be alcohol
Implying I don't use a variety of substancesImplying weed isn't the least harmful, most friendly drug of them all.Implying it's cool to use hard drugs.
I'm not a degenerate.
Getting drug tested on the 20th for an interview. The last 20 days I've been sober and the depression is even worse than I remember. I probably won't get the job anyway.
ITT: normalfags
Been on tolerance break since the start of FebruaryWas going to break the break last weekendApparently got mono from some slut back in August, just started seeing symptomsSore ass throat, no way I can take a ripsadfrog.bat
I would just get high all day every day if I could. I live with my parents who hate all drugs and live in KS where having weed is a felony though
2015succumbing to peer pressurejust lmbo
so sick of negro twitter
Wow, I'm glad I don't live in your shitty state.

And the Negro twitter is sick of you.
Its blue cheese with wings or go fuck you you mother
Drugs are for people, who don't have hobbies. My hobbies include running, biking and posting shit on r9k.
in class, high as fuck, finished a blunt at 1:28 for a 1:30 classdoing some geometry because math is awesomediscussing a proof"IT SMELLS LIKE WEED"ohshitohshitohshitohshitprofessor actually shuts him down and says that has nothing to do with mathtake some magic mushrooms before classkicking back, enjoying the discussion, participating like normal, watching fractals and spirals and stuff on people's facesprofessor keeps looking at meoh shit, he knowswipe hands on pants because they're getting sweaty as fuckteacher somehow brings the discussion from ratios to fractals and keeps giving me this wild lookI can't even respondSometimes I fucking love my teachers.
is that that sasquehanna weed
My fucking ounce didn't arrive in the post today. Fuck. I'm worried now. And I have no weed.
Probation, so no weed for 2 years. Also the only reason I smoked for the past few years has been to jack off for multiple hours and then cum really hard. I love busting a nut while stoned.
Hahaha science cocksukka!
my excuse is that I want to be successful.
It's grown from Fire OG clones. Came out pretty good. Smokin like a Doctor!
this tbh
I can't believe stoners actually convinced people that weed is healthy and has benefits so it became legal
yea its way better. one joint gets you high for +2 hours. and it feels awesome. try it
checked
succumbing to peer pressurei felt no pressure. none of my friends did it. I made friends with a kid i knew did it just so i could try it. haven't gone without since.
You have no excuse not to be high right nowActually, I do. I stay with my dad, who's also a stoner and always provides the kindest buds. HOWEVER my anti-drug sister and her husband are staying here for a few days, and RIGHT NOW they're out on the back porch, where I usually smoke, drinking beer and smoking a fucking CIGAR and talking loudly. My window is closed but I can still hear everything they're saying.I mean, seriously, at this moment I have an excuse not to fucking go out there and blaze.
Diablo II reference/10
be 18 year old seniorsmoke a few bowls with friends at lunch and get really fucking highgo to class"Ok class, let's start the presentations"remember my presentation is that dayit's a group presentation and my partners name gets called so we go firstpartner pulls keep aside before presentation"anon, are you high right now?"no idea how he knew"Nah man I'm good"give presentationfeels like everyone is staring at me the entire timeweek goes bygot an A-everything went better than expected.png
Are you fucking kidding me?Why are there so many scarbots now that I moved away??
I use alcohol to wreck my brain instead. It gives me the energy and motivation to go out and fight a nigga.
How many of you are fembots and still virgins?How old are you? Why are you still a virgin?
because I'm ugly and boring
I am. I'm 18 and it's because of what  said plus men scare me
be my gf pls
How are you boring? I've always thought I was boring too but a few people have had great fun talking to me/playing video games with me.
Not a virgin, but I lost it after my husband proposed to me. Went through several boyfriends before meeting him, as well.
g8 b8 m8
I'm only a virgin because I can't seem to physically have sex.
YesMy case it's because I never know what to talk about and I usually don't find what people say very interesting.
Not bait. Truth.
18.Almost 6'. Mentally fucked. Socially fucked.Never held a hand
Do you not have a vagina?
implying being boring is an excusepeople who need 24/7 excitement in their relationship are the reason things have gone to shit in dating.my ex was a total down to earth bore if you really evaluated her lifestyle but damn I miss her.Don't think you are not good enough if you have the personality traits good men look for.
because my interests are very different than normiesi don't like drinking,i don't like partying, i don't like watching reality showsso to the world i'm a boring person
Did you do anything sexual with the others?
not if you look like a boy with a hook spine
 I usually don't find what people say very interesting.welcome to 99% of all conversations everwe call that normal.
Nothing beyond kissing. Mouth, face, and chest, specifically.
Nigger what the fuck get out of heren
Hobbies? Interests? Stuff you like to do? That's what you usually should end up talking about, in my experience.I don't like any of those either, but like I said people seem to enjoy spending time with me all the same.What ARE your interests?
How do you virgin fembots feel about cyborgs? We can fuck like animals then watch some chinese cartoons together.
Lost it at 19 with first bf now husband.
How do I get a fembot gf?
18. Can't get a conversation going past small talk, hate to talk about myself and don't leverage the opportunities I have because they're not the ones I want.
asking this as well
Because I wish I was a girl.I don't think I could have sex in my current state.I won't be able to either attract a man/woman, or 'do it' if I didn't have to.
Try being tall and charismatic that usually works.
The thing you have to realize is that everyone is boring. Normal people just use social media to pretend otherwise. It's a bit more complicated if you don't use Instagram and the like to post photos of you eating "exotic" food.
clearly it is if i'm KHV retard
I do but anytime I sense anything is about to penetrate me my vagina clasps shut like a Venus flytrap and then we end up pushing hotdogs into a wall. Think it's Vaginismus but I don't know how to fix it.
I would recommend becoming more comfortable in your body, then.I never understood why people have trouble being comfortable in their own skin past high school/college.
Pls be my gf
but that doesn't matter over the internet
tallcheckcharismaticwell, fuck
I'm 5'7 and racist, is that good enough?How did you handle periods? Or is your vagina just disgusting now?
tfw had a nice shut in gf, both 17goes full normie,cheats on meturns out she was a camgirl on /soc/ in her pastAh well my one and only gf was fun while it lasted. The fact I got one was like a 1/1000000 fluke thing. Still virgin.
awaken me from this hell with your skype
My asian roommate was a virgin at 25.Shes not now
I would recommend becoming more comfortable in your body, then.Not him, I hate my body. I'm the epitome of a fat virgin neckbeard but I've still managed to lose my virginity. Most robots just have disgusting personalities.
it is, unless it's just that small to begin with. you should see a doctor.
start with small objects and work your way to normal sizealso make sure your hymen is gone cause last thing you need is a second wall.
Having racist tendencies beyond the broadest of measures is pretty bad, honestly.For example, it's ok to think that blacks are more likely to steal. It's not ok to hold this against a complete stranger that happens to have black skin, however.
ARE YOU VIRGIN?i have a benis
From now on I'm your gf
A sex change won't change that, though. If you don't having a fat body, then work at it.
I don't act racist near any of my friends, but past experiences have made me less likely to interact with black/brown skinned people.
Yes, I want to be the little girl. Not for sexual reasons though, it irritates me how lewd some people can be. I just want to be kawaii.It's not that I'm fat, I have other problems but I still get by.
How is any of this not normie stuff jesus fucking christ
So what? Own who you are, rather than wishing you were something else. Seriously, this is as bad as people wanting to be wolves and shit.
What? I use pads. If my hymen still there, what would you suggest? Does it have to be "broken" or will it just stretch? There is so much conflicting information on the internet about this shit
Is dating people from 4chan a good or bad idea?
Virgin grill hereFirst of all, half of your vag closing up is likely nerve, the other half your hymen. You need to get really wet, or use lube, and practice alone. Take a deep breath and only do one finger at first. The hymen stretches like a little piece of balloon, trying to ram a 8" Jelly Destroyer up there will just be hell. Take it slow. Add fingers, then try a small dildo. Relax! If it doesn't work then go see a gynecologist.
terrible
Oh, I thought it was too tight so the blood would just clot up inside the vagina.Probably a bad idea, but I can still dream about meeting a qt girl on 4chan, and helping each other work out our problems step-by-step.
and what would not normie stuff be anon?
Not good, whether they know it or not alot of people here are manipulative as fuck assholes. I couldn't trust anyone I met here
19/mIt seems like a really big hassle to get with a girl; i feel like that mentality is gonna leave me a virgin for a very long time.
These and I don't give a hoot or leave my home.
Get a dildo. Use a silicone lubricant. Slap it on the dildo, and push it in. If it hurts past the first time, you have a problem, and should see an obgyn.
Dating ANYONE from 4chan is a terrible idea.Dating certain people from 4chan is perfectly fine.Not everyone from here is the same, you should know this by now. 4chan has one of the most varied userbases I've ever seen.
Probably bad,but the number of times I've heard about people who met their spouse of here is pretty amazing all things considered.
PLEASE NEW YORKEWYORK
Thanks, I'll try it. Hopefully the past failures with sex won't be too much of a psychological hindrance
like all bad ideas, if you are aware how bad an idea it is, you can do non-retarded things and turn it into a not-so-bad idea
that's niceI hope you are happy together and raise nice kids
I will literally be anyone's bf
24 KHV no interest in sex and uncomfortable with intimacy and men in generalthe idea of having a relationship sounds extremely tiring and stressfulno practical skills and bland personality.
yeh second that
r u fat and/or a minority
New York here get me outta this shithole stateI'm a guy btw
18/m/white be my gf :^some1 please
I'm 23 I can't exactly pin point why or where or what went wrong. I use to weigh up to 250 lbs. In my majority rich, white, and thin high school I was a complete outcast. Guys would never be seen with me. I went to college for 2 years and dropped out due to my insecurities. I believed, even though I had lost 65 lbs, that people were always looking at me with disgust so I couldn't go to class anymore. I do believe I am attractive and guys do look at me sometimes. I know that I am good looking but my depression and anxiety cause me to be so awkward. I am always comparing myself to others and putting myself down. I'm not a fun loving and positive type and I know that's a turn off. I keep having this image in my head that I'm not good enough for anyone and that theres all these beautiful girls out there why would any guy ever want me. I spend the majority of my time smoking weed and watching stupid tv shows and of course work. I have a full time job and our customer base is almost 95% women so even there I don't get the chance to meet guys. I have absolutely 0 friends, this isn't even an exaggeration and my loneliness definitely contributes to my low self worth. This is why in a nut shell I am to this day a kissless, handholdless, virgin and for some reason it's been hurting me more than ever lately. I have a growing hatred for people and I know that my negative energy is projecting in a way where people don't want to be around me. I just can't seem to shake it ;_;
want to be my friend? no relationship attached though
I will hold your hand, sit on a hill and kiss you on the forehead :------
19. I'm really shy when it comes to sexual things. The truth is I am super sexually frustrated and think about sex constantly and get myself off multiple times a day. I just am really shy around men and it takes me a long time to get comfortable around them. If a guy had the patience to wait for me to open up and trust him I would probably want to fuck like rabbits and be open to trying any weird shit. The most I've done is making out, when I think about doing lewd things alone I get super turned on and crave it but in real life I spaghetti and freeze up.
pls be my friendk1o2k1o@outlook.com
cute
the perfect b8 has finally been crafted
I dunno if i count as fembot cause mtf but yeah im still virgin and 19 and said I said reason im still a virgin earlier.
I do believe I am attractiveGirl, you are twice my weightI spend the majority of my time smoking weedGross
I was going to have sympathy for you, but then you ended up being another filthy pothead.
do u have pingas
Date an asian guy
I dunno if i count as fembotYou don't mental illness doesn't change your gender sorry fag.
E-even mine?
Maybe. Are you?
male5'7110 lbs
Fuck every single one of you men who is in here whining and crying because you're not even in your twenties and you haven't gotten laid yet. I am a sexless kissless virgin in my late twenties. I've graduated from college. I have a job that I walk to each day, and am slowly losing weight. For all that most women won't even give me the time of day. I had a talk with a girl at Gamestop last week for half an hour that she intitiated and persisted in continuing and gave her my E-mail, and I still haven't gotten a single mail.So fuck you guys. You think you have it bad? Wait until you're approaching necromancy and then complain about how you can't attract anyone.
21Ugly and autismal
Yeah still got the thingy. Probs not gonna get rid of it unless tech got better at giving fake vaginas
Feels good to be a handsome virgin that's not fucking around with dirty whores.
I weigh 135 lbs, and am 29 years old and 5'10". You would have to have amazonian height to be attractive at 185 lbs.
Alrighty anon
tfw had a girlfriend like thistwo years and we never had sexdid some sexual things with her slowly easing her into everythingpanic attack when I went to put it in the one time we were actually close to crossing that threshholdbroke up a couple months latermakes sexual jokes all the time nowasked me not even a week after getting a new boyfriend how likely it is that a condom breaksfollowed up that question with if it's possible to get pregnant with just preI really, really enjoyed it and was very pleased with her progress, but it ended up all being for someone else I guess.If you were loyal and we hit it off I'd be perfectly fine with it to be honest.
You're looking in the wrong places, you're actively looking for a girl, you're probably trying to hard and it comes off as desperate. You probably dress like shit, don't clean up well or you're full on autismo.
Fuck you too tbh, also e-mail is autism tier should have been a number or Facebook
I keep having this image in my head that I'm not good enough for anyone and that theres all these beautiful girls out there why would any guy ever want me.
I'm 5'7 if skinny is attractive to you then that's fine but I know I'm not ugly
Wow you're an even bigger skelly than me anonMale5'8"125 lbs.
Not him, but he's correct. You're a dude, no matter what surgeries you have, or how you feel mentally.Nothing wrong with being gay; that's just what you are attracted to. Something very wrong with wanting to mutilate your body because you don't feel comfortable in your own skin.
6"2154 lbsIs this skelly?
I am not looking for sympathy, I was just responding to the post. I know I shouldn't be smoking but it helps yet contributes to my depression. I've had a problem with substance abuse for the past 3 years
Where are the fat fembots?All I want is a fat fembot gf that's u to fat robots.
Just keep losing weight and you'll stop feeling insecure.
Trade weight with me so you can be king skellignton and I finally have a healthy weight.
I admit you're right on all counts but still fuck you. You assholes Not you specifically have a whole life ahead of you to fuck up so quit whining about being a virgin and fucking make an effort to improve your life. Yea I'm not doing much better but at least I'm trying. It just sickens me to see all these young people complaining about their virginity posting pictures that look like they're average guys when I'm a fucking chud and I don't whine anywhere near as much. Present bitchfit excluded
Let's do it
It's pretty skelly tbh, yeah.
It's not a matter of skinny. It's a matter of having good proportions. At 5'7", your BMI is borderline obese you are at 29; at 190lbs you would be 29.8, and 30 is considered obese.Sorry, you are more than just a tiny bit overweight. At 160lbs, you might have an argument.
I don't know if you're a girl or whatever but do some girls find skelly attractive?
Okay that is your opinion and you are allowed to have it. Don't really want to argue with people right now. Just gonna say It's how I feel.
I didn't saw anything about being overweight, I said I know Im not ugly. I'm a strong person, I'm also a vegetarian and obsessed with fruit. I am in the process of losing weight. I don't why you are so adequate on letting me know how ugly I am.
Not Auschwitz skelly, but you can be thin and toned, and still be attractive.
I find it extremely attractive. Well tall/skelly/lanky anyways. I've been told that my type of men is giraffe.
I'm also a vegetarian and obsessed with fruitSo fucking whatCake is vegetarian bitch
How tall do you like your 'men'?
how old are youyoungwhy are you still a virginbecause I have horrible trust issues due to my oh so wholesome childhood, which I guess could also be translated to "I'm looking for a guy that I'm not going to break up with a few months after i open up to him - literally and metaphorically - in a way I've never done before".Also I like being a little tease ass virgin. It's fun seeing how much you can pull off with it.
I will marry any fembot that is:- not a druggie- fat- KV- over 25
Your feelings aren't fact. My feelings aren't fact, but even if you feel the cut off points aren't entirely accurate, you are on the extreme end of overweight. Any reasonable argument could only put you squarely in the middle of the overweight category.I'm not trying to be a dick, but you everyone should have a realistic idea of who they are, rather than listening to lies that will leave them wondering why they are having serious health problems at age 28 or why they can't attract someone of the opposite gender.I say this as someone who had the same beliefs as you regarding my back health, and I need to see a chiropracter three times per week for a year, before going to a massage therapist and working it down to once every two weeks.That shouldn't happen to me at age 27 when I started going, but I denied the facts and believed what I wanted to believe, and I really had to pay for it now.
tfw short skellyOh well
lmao
Huh since when did I say anything about my weight anon?
Also I like being a little tease ass virginWhat does that even mean?
Also I like being a little tease ass virgin. It's fun seeing how much you can pull off with it.Explain.I'm looking for a guy that I'm not going to break up with a few months after i open up to himAre you the one breaking up, or is he?
VegetarianNot an excuse. Ive been a vegetarian my whole life due to being raised by hippy Hindu parents and it is extremely easy to fall into the pasta/bread/cheeseitarian trap. Most people say its impossible to be a fat vegetarian but I'd say its even easier to get fat. A lot of people who were meat eaters their whole life then switch to vegetarian have no idea how to eat like a vegetarian so they fill their stomach with pasta, bread, and all kinds of processed crap. Also a lot of the most fattening unhealthy foods are vegetarian. If you want to truly lose weight go vegan, harder to eat unhealthy on that diet.
21. I think something in my brain is broken because I've never looked at anybody and thought 'would bang'. I'm also too retarded to tell if anybody is flirting with me and I'm too retarded to know how to flirt so I don't even bother so I won't embarrass myself. I've thought about looking into prostitutes to get it over with, but I love my shekels too much and I like to pretend I still have some dignity left.
Here:
18 and I'm ugly and mean
Get ready to argue bitch, you are a faggot failed guy and nothing will ever change that. You are not and will never be a girl, you sick fuck.
Thats not me tho anon im 
confirmed illiterate
Dank stuff buddy :^
Giraffe: skelly who is 6'2 and up. I don't exclusively date tall people I just like that particular body type. My first love was a manlet and I didn't find him any less attractive for being shorter than me.
Thanks, tranny piece of shit :^
email
You know what, I don't own a phone. That's on me. But at least I'm trying, dammit.
Usually I can get stuff out of a guy if I tease him enough. One time I got a mechanic to change my battery and fix a few dents in my car for free just by flirting, kinda brushed my lips against his, ran my hand on his thigh, blah blah blah cringey embarrassing shit. Other times I do it for homework, free tutoring, if I need something done ex: anytime I go to Miami I kinda play around with our old real estate agent so I can stay in nice condos for free, etc. Pls no bitching about this if I seem like a vapid, manipulative cunt, I get it. are you the one breaking up, or is he?Him. I wouldn't break up with him. I'd probably become obsessed with him and do whatever he said after that so he'd never think about leaving or cheating on me.
Damn anon you sure are triggered.
Degenerates like you belong on a cross.
That's fucked up anon. I'm a fembot and you triggered me. No wonder r9k hates us
Nice memes I liked new vegas aswell.ave, true to ceasar
i dont want a man. i hate attention. i prefer platonic love. i dont want sex. if i did why not just have a dildo. and as you can tell, i probably have autism.
Would you give up doing that stuff if you had a boyfriend? I mean, I would never want a girl I dated to do that kind of shit overmuch. obsessive tendenciesAnd they break up with you? Dang. I would love that.
I can only hope I don't meet you irl
Yeah obviously wtf. Who would keep doing that if they were in a relationship?
I pay em back eventually. Like that auto mechanic, I ended up paying him under the table for three months because my car got totaled in a stupid accident. And those tutors and stuff? I usually do something in return later on, like do their homework or pay them later. I just don't always have the money immediately on me or can't do them a favor anytime soon. They just don't realize what I'm doing.
20, still a virginNo communication skills since I'm physically mute, the cause of developmental problems. Never had a guy approach me with serious intent to a relationship.
be my gf
I've never met a mute person before. Neat
cause im an ugly tranny
I'm really boring and I look like an ugly end sheeran or whatever that fags name is
getting married at 19This is on my list of fears right next to being buried alive.
OP said women, not a trannies.
OP said FEMbotsEmphasis on the fem
You never know. physically muteDevelopmental problems? Care to elaborate more? I've never me ta mute person but I spent a year mute myself and it wasn't very fun.
cheque'd
I will have sex with literally any fembot ITT.
tfw my brother kicked me in the crotch when I was 11 and broke my hymen tfw the boy I love will never break it :
Dog attack as a child, it ripped at my throat and shook me. I'm lucky to be alive apparently, but I can't speak or make any sounds, just breathing. Not being able to talk meant never having friends through school, so I have poor people skills and am anti-social. I've never had serious interest by a guy, so still a virgin. Came close, but no cigar.
Came closeW H O R EHORE
We can just put some scotch tape at the entrance for me to break :^
Sorry to hear that anon sounds pretty rough
"fem"bots BTFO
Sounds pretty shitty. I'm sorry you had to go through that. Other than personal relationships, does it have any serious affect on you? I'm sure you get asked this stuff plenty of times but yeah. Would you say it's the only thing holding you back?
ignored even by fembotstop kek
are you like 15 to fear getting married at 19?, i mean im 22 so getting married at 19 its impossible for me now
Trannies, please return to your containment board.
so... your brother took your virginity , LMAO
It affects me on a day to day basis. Imagine trying to order food or get someone's attention without being able to speak. I know sign language but no one else does, so I have to rely on writing on a notepad and showing them. Phone use is also impossible, except for texting.I don't think it's the only thing holding me back, but it's probably contributory in all the ways that are. By this point I'm kind of just used to being alone and ignored by everyone, so a lot of the time I don't even feel like I need or want friends or relationships.
21/m I've slept with 7 girls, 4 on a regular basis and 3 of those four in a regular relationship. I'm currently living with one and we're planning to move to a small town so we can have a small house together. She's an easy 7/10 with an amazingly adorable personality and her dad is a multi millionaire and unhealthy as all shit. We fuck like rabbits and have the same kinks BDSM. She's one of the highest performers academically on her uni campus and shes been recognised by the government for her artistic ability painting; sculpture, prose and poetry.I was a KV at age 19
thisGTFO fucking faggots
/cgl/?
/b/ :^
sawyer??
implying it's not /co/
asking in /r9k/ about who is a virginnot expecting everyone to say yes except chads who come from /soc/ to laugh at robot virginsthis board is the gateway drug to wizardchan
Do you ever feel like it's rude to get someone's attention by whistling or snapping your finger/making some noise?
New anon here, I've dealt with something similar.My friends mother is the same way, I learned sign language so I could hang out at their house and not feel like a dick looking away when her and my friend signed.
I want the normies to leave.
Not that anon, but I'd say you have an advantage. As someone who currently works in customer service, I'd much rather serve someone who gets the point across quickly in a note than someone who can talk, but has a thick accent or something.
Whistling gives the wrong impression in my experiences and snapping I feel is often rude. Instead, I have a habit of clicking with my mouth to get people's attention if I really need it and don't want to touch them.I could probably just get a mechanical clicker I guess.
The dog literally ripped out your larynx? Shit.
I have the same mentality. I guess its just commitment problems.
That actually sounds really cute.sorry
A woman that can't speak is perfect! be my gf
Hearing deaf people screaming for attention always makes me cringe. I never mind whistling or snapping, you need someway of starting communication.
Can you make the pssst sound?
rapist alert
154 lbskek, I'm same height and my last weigh-in was 134. I'm full Auschwitz mode.
Not entirely ripped out, but manged and crushed it pretty bad.Usually the problem is less getting their attention, and more holding it and getting them to read what I write. Most people either think I'm weird and don't bother or think I'm faking it or something, or they just don't have the patience and don't bother.I can but it's too quiet usually.
That's true. Has anyone ever offered to learn it for you? Would you feel like that's sweet or presumptuous?Also, do you feel like you want a relationship in the future or do you think those feelings are for good?
post pics
No anonpost skype
...there are alot more women here than i thought. normally when a strawpoll is posted, the ratio's about 9 to 1 or 10 to 1, but itt seems like theres alot more than that.SO FEMBOTS ARE YOU LYING ABOUT YOUR GENDER ON FOUR CHANWHY OR WHY NOT SHOW YOUR WORK
Not seriously, other than like the two close friends I have who know only the basics. If someone were to seriously learn it for my sake though, I would find that endearing if it seemed like they wanted to do it for the sake of getting to know one another better or for easier communication. If they were just learning it to get in my pants though I wouldn't like it.I think I would be happy with and enjoy a relationship, I just don't feel like I need one at my current point in life. Maybe in a few years I'll feel differently, I definitely would in the long run like a husband and kids, a family.No thanks!
probably lots of new tumblr girls after the hilarious rare pepe meme went big time. tumblr girls are pretty close to robots anyway from what i gather of that place
age?
Are you Shizune?
pls post skype
tumblr girls are pretty close to robots anyway from what i gather of that placeyou're not very bright, are youit's okay, i still love you :3
tfw i never go outcould probably find a gf easy
be obscene and send dick snapTFW blocked aftere viewedShould have known better...
19 and cause I'm a shut-in and I would need to be someone I had dated for awhile and my tastes in men don't fit the norm.
What is your idea of 'the norm'?
What are your tastes in men?
and my tastes in men don't fit the norm.where do you think we are dot jay peg
I mean, that's a pretty big commitment I'd think, learning sign language. I guess I don't know how difficult it is though. Would you say it's difficult?
ehh more or less pretty boys or someone close in age to them.much much older then me anon thought it was fetlife
How much older? And how old are you?
I'm not like other girls ;PI'm s-shyI'm not into guys my ageI'm j-just like you guys, I swear!Girls can be robots too!Being a girl is harder than you think!Why doesn't Chad like me?Don't even need to read this thread to sum it up.
I can pretend I'm 50 then :^
19 and to be perfectly honest I would min I would attracted to would be 10 years older and most would be 40 years.
My first gf was mute when I first met her, due to a throat injury and some anxiety issues. Honestly, would do it again. The communication was so much better.
thats ok bby
I'm happy there are girls like you around, because when I'm practicing wizardry in my fifties I know I'll be able to find a wrinklechaser like you and die happily from a massive coronary mid-coitus
Sides currently in orbit.
You can tell people your brother took your virginity for pity points.
never underestimate the beauty of daddy issues anon
druggie whore youre no different than the others evacuate this board roastie slut
Yea, they're great fucks.Just remember, don't ever stick around.Do it somewhere where they can't find you.Because really, they're all crazy whores with daddy issues.Don't ever try to settle down with a woman much younger than you unless she's literally fresh out of high school or still in high school, depending on where you live.
1st world problems: The ThreadFuck me, women are such fucking quitters.I'll laugh when America actually elects one of them as president.
disgusting whore you belong on a cross
I thought this was a board that wasn't supposed to have normies
tfw this why you will be single and a virgin beyond 30
why are you here
I'm 22 and not a virgin.Personally, I don't even care about being in a relationship, I'll just say I have a condom, bareback some whore, and skip town.Or even donate sperm.
die soon degenerate retard
mostly in reference to me not you anon
I'll be sure to pump and dump one for you anon.Hopefully it'll be a boy and she'll raise him to be a good cuck and be the nice guy that women "want."
tfw only 8 years olderDang. Just missed the cutoff I I guess. You could pretend I'm two years older though? I don't mind.

Well, you're on 4chan, so chances are you're a shitty person anyways, so you probably deserve it.I can't say I've met many worthwhile femanons on 4chan, though I've met plenty of bros.
Disgusting
So what, you're gonna be a 30 year old virgin because you think every guy is going to fuck you and leave you?
maybe I'll make an exception doll
No, because she won't settle for anything less than Chad.
i think youre lying but it's still not very funny. why don't you head on over back to reddit, i'm sure they'll find a laugh from your posts. if youre going to stay just stick to screencapping posts and pepe threads
Have I triggered you anon?No, I'm not, I really would have no qualms with pumping and dumping some whore that I got pregnant, especially considering most women make absolute shit companions.If I want a woman to hang out with I'll hang out with my sister.
22Is that a tripfag?Hmmm... noI don't think so, but then I learned it from an early age.
So then why is thiks person posting molestation pics? Does she want to get molested by a robot only to have Chad swoop in and save her from the nasty git?
don't worry anon, it won't bother me all that much.I still got my handy friends eh, not so much. sometimes I feel like being in a relationship would be tiring and too much drama for someone as introverted as me
How do you laugh? Do you feel a pain or tingling in your throat if you try to utter something?Have you considered becoming a wind instrument virtuoso?cute musical mute with a fluteOr being a professional assassin? the ultimate silent killerI assume you're not too sensitive about it.
No, Shizune is the deaf/mute girl from Katawa Shoiujo. You have the option to learn sign language if you want to go down her route. Initially it's so you can get to know her better but she ends up tying you to a chair and fucking you blind. She's my favorite of the girls in that game
because everyone needs cute /e/ grills in their life anon
How old are you? 29Why are you still a virgin?ugly, fat, brown. my standards for personality and ethics are too stringent as well most likely. and of course i am far pas the point of no return. being a virgin at 20 is cute, at 29 you are a weirdo and its an awkward thing to tell people, i wish i were an asexual. that would be a great cover story in this day and age.
i fuck yuor whore sister when she 8 year old took her virgin  fucking cyka xaxaxa come heere lick her virgin blood from my penis
You just need someone who's introverted as well. No interaction means no drama
Women and betas actually have a lot in common.Which is why betas always want to become women.It's kind of neat to observe, they're both generally whiny drains on society that don't want to improve themselves and instead blame their faults on others.
whats ur kik sweetheart i will treat you right. stronf tall rus man 21/m america traveled from moscow, russia. blonde grey-blue eye we take things slow respond to me
I hope you can get past it one day.
I don't laugh. It's a very dry, strained feel, and only air comes out. Music is too depressing because it reminds me that I'll never know what my singing voice sounds like. I can play piano though. Never thought seriously about becoming an assassin, but I have won more than one contract killer games on campus. I do know how to fight with a knife and can throw them really well, I guess that counts for something.Ah right. I like Misha. I get the feeling sex would be really boring though since I can't make any noise or communicate. Probably the most awkward thing ever, sign language during sex.
It also explains why women hate betas so much; a lot of women are generally full of self-loathing, so seeing betas reminds them of themselves, which makes them upset.
That's what I like to hear. How deep does the rabbit hole go though?
23Never met a guy offline that I wanted to lose it toAlso I have chronic stomach issues
i sure am. i just wouldnt fuck ya
hmm well anology friend good poot. but my friend answer question are you twink ? 21/m russian man here big strong respond to me with kik/email in post we will talk
thank for the advice, if anything I would most likely date someone who would go on an imageboard at least
trying to marry me for a green cardi already know russians are like the mexicans of that side of the planet.
Also I have chronic stomach issueskek what?
hello woman 21/m visiting america from moscow, russia give me email adress i am strong blonde men, white we talk first i take you out. respond
 I think sign language during sex would be funny. But yea, awkward. Still, the allure of sex isn't in the communication, though I guess it would help to find the right spot, but...first times are probably always a little awkward? The only way you'll know is to try
Go home Ivan yuo are drink
are yuo implying your are doing better ?almost 30 and virgin look woman i will treat you good give me chance. tall string and traditional we can help each other out no? give email we can talk
depends darling, only if you shallow the red pill
 The joke going around my house a few years ago was that, for me to be in a proper relationship due to my touch aversions, she would have to be on a computer in the other room and we'd have to do our sex on the internet.It was funnier when you didn't have to explain it. In public. On a messageboard.
21/m wondering about your asl ? body type preference woman but will take cute twink alswell. respond
traditionalhooking up with women on a cartoon image boardIvan yuo are lier
I feel like you'd figure out other ways of communicating things though during sex, and I'd imagine it would be extra intimate because of the fact that you can't communicate your desires so he'd have to learn your own set of cues.I know the feeling. I feel like our senses of humor would clash way too much if I dated a girl that wasn't at least aware of the culture and some of the jokes.
I have ulcers and stomach cramps kill my sex drive
no?no.
You know escrima?Will you fight me?Will you try to get a new larynx when organ printers get better?
Fem Napoleon Hot
i can give your something to swa??ow xaxa what is your kkik/email sweetheart? 21/m russian vitisiting in america from moscow, russia
Fuk of Ivan yuo are commie
what yuo want me to do sukie sneak up behind you hit you with club an drag you away ?its not b.c. anymore oyobuk i am utilizing western technology ro my benefits. now answer question pls asl tell me about you
Which red pill is that my love?
that sounds pretty cute, skype could solve all your problems pretty much my logic, otherwise they prob wouldn't understand all that well
Yes actually, good guess. Seemed the most useful to me so I took classes. I'd do a marker fight with anyone.If I could get it fixed in an easy way I would. I think I'd always have this concern though that I wouldn't sound like the way I was supposed to.I guess so. Just trying to imagine it though makes me feel funny.
fucking cyka whore have fun rotting away i giv yuor ovaries 10 yrs tops until they dry out fuckjng whore xaxaxaxa 30 year old virginity ' look back on this day when you cry alone tonight and the next nights
kk, thx
i can make you feel things you never feel before twinkboy
28, never even held hands. I have the socially avoidant symptoms and become very anxious and alert when touched even casually like a pat on the back.I dont really like children besides seeing others kids for a bit. I have generally more masculine looks especially since I had my hair cut super short and I dont really have boobs.I like being the way I am in looks. I could likely touch a guy's penis but would prefer not being touched in return. Hugs and casual leaning on each other as well as holding hands would be nice.I played doctor with neighbir kids 2-3 times literally just show and show, no touching and when we were found out tye adults didnt handle it well and its one of the reasons I shied away from intimacy as well as friendship.Etc etc sob story.jpeg I'm likely rather insufferable and dont like my homebspace being invaded by other people nor do I like being around people a lot outside of work. I dont want to live a life doing things I dont really feel just so other people wont feel bad and consequently bother me about it.I develop unhealthy relationships in that I will base my own worth on how much I am useful to a friend.... I tend to make myself uncomfortable and make several sacrifices to make others happy and it drains me a lot so I end up spending a lot of time trying to recover alone only to repeat the cycle... I am sure others here do the same thing.
shh babydoll depends on which type of rabbit hole were you talking about
Get out of here STALKER.
this faggot probably gets laid all the time
tfw you will never marry mute girl and have a humble life sitting side by side on computers holding hands.
Skype solves nothing. Internet flings can be hot but most lead nowhere. Plus pics of me lead almost immediately to 0 responses.Of course it makes you feel funny! You're a virgin, the thought of sex is going to do that. I'm relatively normal and it makesme feel funny.
Nicely done.
ahh i like girl who play hard to get i am tall, strong - /rus/. i served in conscription i kill ukrainians with bear hands xaxa. i can treat you right woman we take our time no?
Well do you want to be my good little girl and call me daddy or do you just like older dudes?In all seriousness, in my experience there's varying degrees of daddy issues and some of them just get a little.... strange. Especially if diapers are involved. Pass on that.Let's be fair here, he's a decently attractive guy and that's a pretty amusing line. I was laughing for a good minute the first time I saw it, as have most of my friends.
don't be hateful anon anyone can project whatever they like people to think about themwelp, you gotta get off somehow online if you don't like touching people offline
what is yuor bodytipe ?
22I'm saving it for my future husband
you are sweet woman what is kik/email respond with email in post
pls anon then shoo off to /int/ then nah I'm not into diapers or baby play sort of shit. I like pet names and I just like older dudes. That's pretty much the only side effect of my daddy issues, liking older men.
do you like younger men 21/m tall, blonde i am visiting america from moscow russia i know how to treat woman correctly give me yuour kik/email we take it from there
are there any actual females in this thread or are they all trannies?
Ivan has proposed via 4chanReligious or just to feel good about yourself
i just want know you better and anyway how can i find beutiful woman like you in /int/ ? post email we can talk respond
tell me anonymous your bod?type ?
Y'know, threads like these made me kind of pity femanons, then you see how they behave IRL outside of imageboards and it makes you realize that a LOT of them are just liars.Like, flat out liars.Compulsive liars too, and histrionic as all hell.I used to think they could be relate-able, then I actually talked to them IRL.It's sad, but women on 4chan manage to be worse than normie women.
Tall skinny-fat i believe they call it these days.
21/m tall strong men from russia and blonde with grey blue eyes i am visiting america from moscow russia tell me your bodytipe i preference women but i also enjoy twinks
tell me anonymous your bod?type ?o-okay rusanon I like pic related
Ivan lay off the vodkaNot religious. I just don't want to have sex with someone I won't marry
describe yior face ? are you a blonde ? i have been described as gaunt faced
anser my questions it is least you can do fucking twink tell my about your self
It's sad, but women on 4chan manage to be worse than normie women.No shit anon, normie women are MUCH better than the non-normie women because non-normie women are legitimately fucking insane, which is why they're not normal.Why do you think people on /r9k/ pine after Stacy so much?
the same could be said about the male bots as well. if you look at each different imageboards and different boards you will find a lot of catty women and cunts. like /cgl/ for example. there is always a reason someone is on an imageboard and most likely is isn't becuase they are a normal functioning human being.
Rude
nice
to all woman and twinks ;21/m tall strong russian man blonde visiting america from moscow russia looking for relaxionship respond with information and email
Normal people are such a turnoff, though. I ain't the type to stick my dick in crazy, but I find normal women boring. It also doesn't help that I know they could and sdhould do better
what if I only like dark hair on my russians
Yea, but the abnormal men are definitely much more often, decent human beings.A lot of the abnormal women are just generally awful; and I mean absolutely insane, manipulative, lacking in self-awareness.They're like children except worse.It's insane, I always thought that was bullshit but no, a LOT of femanons on 4chan are legitimately awful, even the underageb& ones are absolute shit.It's a much higher proportion than the men.
Well that's a rabbit hole I'd be willing to dive into then. I've seen some strange things in my day, but that's definitely on the tamer side. Doubly so with the good choices in pictures. How about the usual stats? Or would you rather not discuss those in public?All the femanons I've encountered were pretty good. One is exactly the kind of shitposting spaghettilord you'd expect of someone from 4chan, and the other was really aggressive and loud and commanding online but as soon as we met in person she 180'd and was really quiet and kinda bashful in general.
I was a virgin until I was 21. Then I decided to have sex with some guy I met prowling around campus in his late 30s in my dorm room, because that's the proper way to lose your virginity. I wonder if he ever day dreams about that.
well life does not play out like this sukie a man in the desert has the option to ta?e a small water bottle does man say no because he would rather drink from oasis ? take what you can get silly twink giv info
Shizune, is that you?
even the underageb& ones are absolute shit.On second thought, I don't know why I mentioned that.Underageb& are 99% shit regardless of gender.Every shitposting, meme-spouting fucktard is underageb&.
21/m rus man strong man blonde man i can make yuo feel like losing virginity second time baby giv kik/email
Y-you too
try /soc/ then seems like the thin line between normie and whatever the fuckI understand with men, its mostly just the wiz type who are jaded and unhappy more than anythinganon, I think don't undertstand how much of a virgin I am, I don't know the usual stats. but thanks for the kind words
Usual stats would be appearance and stuff. It's nothing particularly lewd. Height/weight/ethnicity/etc.
The wiz type that you see on wizardchan and occasionally /r9k/ are usually just really really insecure.BUT, they've also dealt with a lot of women online, and everyone knows that women online are generally just awful.It's almost like the only women that use the internet are eitherempty, vapid whoresstupid hipstersInsane camwhoresInsane liarsAttentionwhores kind of like the ones ITTorThe extremely bitter female wizards who have as much contempt for men as /r9k/ has for women
23I'm a spergy asshole.
I think it mainly depends on what type of culture you would have on different boards, with different imageboards with a large women base they can vary in how they act. some can be vapid and petty and while some are more laidback. of course its not usually the norm. I agree, that a lot of women on imageboards can fit into those type myself a bitalright i'm blonde, pale as shit, glasses, 5'6 and 140 your turn anon
I was referring more to the internet as a whole, but now that I think about it, there are quite a few women on different boards here on 4chan that fit into one of those archetypes.Especially boards like /cgl/ and /co/ that have a large tumblr following.
but don't forget gamer gurl and nerd grill anon
/cgl/ is fucking hell on earth.Fuck everything about that board.
Brown hair, also pale as shit, also glasses, 5'7 and around 110Would you like some spooky with your older guy?
why is it so bad?
Imagine a board full of nothing but tripfag drama.That's /cgl/.
now you are speaking my secret languagewomen who enjoy their own period blood clots and post them
and said image
I like both of those things, guess I'll check it out.
Not gonna lie I was expecting some manlet memes. From where does my good girl hail from though?
it doesn't matter anon, I wouldn't want a monster height wise person anyway. Its easier to kiss someone who is only slightly taller then youI'm hail from us, pa to be exact
That's a good point I suppose. I guess the board gets to me sometimes.PA isn't that far actually, only one state between us. I'm lost in the cornfields of Indiana. You wanna strike up a friendship? I got email and skype throwaways. Curious about what kind of shutin you are as well.
By all means, the dubs speak the truth my throwaway is wanderlustgrill@gmail.comI'm about to hit the sack anyaway
24I'm a schizoid and I don't care about sex.
Cool. I'll send you one shortly. Goodnight soon-to-not-be-anon.
TFW you'll never be able to freely travel alone and see the worldneed money to travel so workworking so need timePic related
tfw no talking bike
tfw i cant get a better relationship than a girl and a bike
tfw Kino would never spend her life with you.
I'd fuck kino like no tomorrow
Do we still not have a better release than this? I want to re-watch the show.I should stop being a lazy piece of shit and read the novels.
Same. I really like the show but it only covered a small fraction of the novels
Elder god of the internet here.You brought this punishment on yourselves!Forced anonymity leaves all of us genderless and as a result you will never meet the qt nerd grill that's the only person on earth you'd be compatible with.Back in the IRC era of the late 90s internet, any girl insane enough to figure out how to use a computer would ultimately end up paired off with some other guy she met on IRC after a few years, even if she was fucking married with kids before she got into it.As to whether or not it worked out in the long term that's a whole different question, some people I knew back then are still together, some people crashed and burned horribly.I suppose many of you had nothing to do with 4chan's infancy, and you suffer through no fault of your own. On behalf of the rest of the oldfags of the internet I apologize for destroying the one outlet you may have had to get laid.
hope isn't completely lost, I'm a fat ugly NEET and still managed to get laid with a girl from /soc/, and cam with a few over the years. there's no hope of functional long term relationships with such girls though, just meaningless sex and even that's only if you're lucky
its all gone and losts
hahno
4chan isn't a dating site, retards that flocked to the website after the "we are lejun" days are the reason everything has slowly gone to shit, why not just go on reddit? clearly it's better suited to you and I don't mean that in a condescending wayas with everything, popularity ruined it
Reddit is actually more faceless than 4chan isIf people recognize your name on Reddit it's because you're a celebrity doing an AMA or you did something really really fucking dumb
Go to Something Awful or some other garbage forum then. That's where you belong if you're looking to pick up chicks fat chicks and have kids with them like an autist-normie
what's that gov't program where they just pay people to post propaganda on social media websites? because you faggots need to blend in better if you're going to post that shit, it's too obvious.
, 
, 
Why does every shitskin get a thread/general but us? How are you guys feeling?
Pakis out
Black here reporting in. How are my fellow blacks?
hello I am brown and I am posting in your thread this is are thread now
pretty good my white brother just enjoying another day in white paradise
I thank god every morning that I am white :
tfw whitetfw my people have been to the moontfw my people conquered the worldtfw non-whites try to tell me not to be proud of my ancestrytfw they are forced to do it in my language, using technology my people invented, in a country run on political principles invented by my people, or they are immigrants to my people's countries because their home country is a smelly brown anus full of poop people mfw literally every second of being white
tfw asian gf sucks my dick everytime I wake up in the morning
I'm doing good. How about you man?
thread for white peopleposts anime pics
implying Japs aren't honorary AryansKill yourself nigger.
japs only draw white peopleAlso every shitskin thread is literally their obsession over white people.
, 
The only people who are allowed to be robots are the ones who grew up with one or no parents. If you grew up with both your parents, you have no one to blame for your failures but yourself. And you need to leave this board.
make me
Like batman, right? Oh wait, he's successful as fuck and has bitches on his dick every day.
Raised in single mom household here, just fuck my shit up fam
I had a rocky ass childhood looking back I can definitely see how I wound up here
Batman is a cartoon character.
Whatever if my parents divorced on my 18th birthday?
Im pretty sure being a robot is more calling yourself a failure than it is blaming anybody else
Batman inherited billions of dollars. Proof that enough money will solve any problem.
Only my mother has ever loved me. My dad is a depressive, Oedipus-complex-having douche who loved his sisters' children more than his own.
My mother died when I was a kid, but ive become a little successful in college.Does that mean I have like a time limit on /r9k/?
tfw adopted by Indian parents as a means of better adjusting to immigrant life, and as a future arranged partner for their biological daughterI wonder what my real parents would think if they knew how I'd end up.
still believing in the simple minded pleb shit idea of robots and normiesprotip kiddo: theres too many variables and overlapping characteristics to label anyone in such a way
I want reddit and their "new ideas" to leave
Yeah, because parents are the only things that can influence children.
They're by far the most important. You can get over heartbreak or whatever if you have both parents there to support you.
please help
I'll help in any way I can, even though your best movie appearance was in Dickie Roberts.

How can you pay for someone who doesn't live with you?Making you their personal slave...Now I've become so fuckedWithout moneyCan't afford a decent barberUntil someone pulls me out of this hell...Just...FUCK MY SHITfuck my shit insideI CAN'T UNFUCKfuck my shit insideSAVE MEShoot my head and save me from this hellFUCK ME UPshave my whole hairlineI CAN'T UNFUCKbefore I kill myselfSAVE MEsave me from this nightmare life's becomeNow that I know what I must pay,I can't enjoy lifeDrive into meand make me dieBring me away
CAUSE ITS A BITTERSWEET SYMPHONY THATS LIFE
they get sued by the rolling stones and have to pay them royaltiesIt really is
lol what did they get sued for?
The music was straight up stolen from a Rolling Stones song
Gimme Shelter?
pshh, rolling stones wish they could write a song as good as bittersweet symphony
Even after getting into trve feels music I still love this song
YOURE A SLAVE TO MONEY THEN YOU DIIIIEE
that's lifeTHIS THIS THIS THIS FUCKING LIFE YOU DUMB NIGGER
I KNOW THAT I'VE BEEN MAD IN LOVE BEFORDAND HOW IT COULD BE WITH YOUREALLY HURT ME BABY REALLY CUT ME BABYHOW CAN YOU HAVE A DAY WITHOUT A NIGHT
Ma, I said nigger on 4chan!
kill yourself
everyone has heard this one hit wonder, autistdoesnt mean he listens to any other songs the band made
kill myself?kill MYSELF?i'm fucking immortal you fuckheadyou dare talk back against a god?i am currently tracking your location down so i hope you taped both of your asscheeks together cause i will be sadamizing you with my halberd of justiceyou're fucking done worthless mortal
I'm sorry, anonI didnt want to hurt you, give me a hug plsI had a bad day
CUZ THE DRUGS DONT WORK THEY JUST MAKE YOU WORSE AND I KNOW ILL SEE YOUR FACE AGAIN
I've never heard it.

convinced it's the same person is posting this slut in every thread
BIG CITY LIFETRYING TO GET BY
SHOT THROUGH THE HEART AND YOUR* TO BLAMETHE PS3 HAS NO GAMES!
it is
, 
, 
Finishing my freshman year of uni in a different countryOnly made one friend the whole year, did a musical theatre performance and everyone hated me Grades haven't been goodFinal exam tomorrow that I haven't really studied forFeel a sense of loss, but I don't know what it isGoing through late night cafe at school Made eye contact with some random qt chick when walking inGet tendiesStop in hallway by the door to put my tendies in my backpackGril from before walks past me, holds the door and looks backLooks me in the eyes and seems to say "bye" under her breathI'm taken off-guardI walk out a few seconds later and she hasn't gotten that farShe turns around"Sorry, I should have held the door open for you"I don't know what to say so I just smileI say "not your fault, that was just me being weird" for stalling right in front of the door to put a takeaway box in my backpackShe walks away for a few secondsTurns around "I'm weird too"I look her in the eyes She smiles, turns around and keeps walkingI go down the other street and walk homeI don't know what I'm meant to do with anything in my life robots. You're all I have. Fuck you normies, fuck you for making this place into a joke.
Women are pathetic.
yes but they'll still fuck you if you know what you're doing
I'm a guy and I've never thought about any of that shit in the shower. I do piss up onto my own face for a laugh though.
tfw you're a woman with two full time jobs to support your NEET bf and NEETs think you're pathetic.
teacher is a massive cunt to medoesn't bother me one bit because I know at home she sucks cock and probably likes being degraded and shitmfw
im a guy and i showered thinking about my crush, while falling asleep
you think about naked shitskin children running away while you shower?
something we must come to terms with
you're probably klinefelter. too many x chromosomes
did you drown?did you ever end up dating him?
NEETcuck'd
wow so deep dude you know women so well from all that internet you browse holy fuck robots are delusional and pathetic as fuck
all i think about in the shower is communism
Holy shit I didn't even think of doing that one.I'm gonna piss on my face tomorrow night!!!!
communism will save us, but obama is holding us over in the meantimegod damn those christianfags bringing us down!need more government intervention they never fuck aaaaanything up
"Hey, anon, can you put your penis inside of my vagina"Would you do it?
Debbie Harry?
Ask her what hidden cam show I am.
If you don't have a roastie, sure.
With gusto
can't unsee
No this is some sort of trick..?
Say "Yes!"You strip immediately revealing your rock hard erection.She walks up to you sedutively.She is biting her bottom lip.She removes her top and smiles.Shen slowly pulls down her bikini bottom revealing her 2 inch erect penis."I actually have a penis, I hope you don't mind but you can use my boipussy instead."She bends over in front of you spreading her ass.What do you do?
Would you do it?Thank my mother for the prostitute and fuck the prostitute in front of her.
Quality posts
honestly I'd probably say no, actually being intimate with someone sends my anxiety into over-drive
Sticking parts of yourself into another human Just doesn't seem like something a mentally healthy person should want to do.
k then...
only if you make me a sammich after
No.
Who /NoTalent/ here?tfw will never be able to develop marketable skills
I wish I didn't know this feel but I do
Time for you to become a security guard or taxi driver.
This. I'm a security guard now while in school. I'm a work and I've literally been posting for the past 5 1/2 hours. It requires absolutely no talent.
tell me honestly guys am I handsome
You look like you direct shitty indie films
No not really.
Possible zyzz bro
i have the same issue as you - weak chin and jawyou have no idea how much bitches care about these, its basically key to being handsome and them not treating you like trashget chin and jaw implants
no
You're a shitskin
Lower lip makes you look like a monkey, even though your lips have a nice shape. You should go see a dentist
Brush your hair. It looks like shit.
tfw automation of most jobs is comingtfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriestfw the idea of having to "work for a living" will die offtfw can spend my days reading, writing, bicycling, lifting, clubbing, playing piano, and anything else I wanttfw wagecucks will fight thistfw wagecucks won't be able to see their life's value without flipping burgerstfw they'll riot on the street and kill the creators of automationtfw humans will persevere as alwaysmfw when watching them get shipped off to prison
mfw
tfw wagecucks won't be able to see their life's value without flipping burgersYh we will be too busy partying 24/7 and having sex while you losers watch your anime and get your tendies whatever the fuck that is
If you honestly think that's gonna happen in your lifetime you're stupider than I thought.
lel, it's coming way faster than you thinkby 2025-2030 automated motor vehicles will be taken very seriously and transportation jobs will be wiped out
I'll be 40 years old in 2030. And that's just for transportation. By the time this automation starts taking over I'll be like 70 years old.
Why not? The only real problem is whether the jews in charge of the government are okay with people living a carefree life. From there we'll either develop a utopia where everyone is happy as fuck moving from one distraction to the next or a dystopia where very few people enjoy the benefits and purposely make others suffer.
Feels good to be ahead of the pack.
You're not ready.
we're already in the latter though
mfw first worlders fly to the stars and leave the brown people to fight over Earth.
Implying your value to the higher ups isn't the labour you performImplying you have any value once they automate labourImplying you won't be subjugated to their every whim
Consumption tho
And how are these automobiles going to run without cheap access to fossil fuels? Oh I forgot, technology is magic, right? Batteries will magically be produced with low-energy techniques. Science wizards are also sure to invent portable nuclear power devices and give them to everybody.I mean, there's no chance that the great lords of progress would let the western world fall into "developing world" levels of squalor and low-tech while a few oligarchs continue their 21st century lifestyle and act as feudal lords.
tfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriesKek. Your elites don't give a shit about you, the scam's gonna keep going until the system bursts.
tfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriesjewsgiving away free shekelsGood goy, keep believing that
Basic income won't come for another 100 years at minimum.Sure, things are changing, but you're crazy if you think politicians won't fight it at every corner.
autistic NEETfilth actually believe any of this will happen.Oh dear, it's hard to choose between laughing hysterically at your stupidity and weeping in despair at how utterly wretched it is knowing you exist.
Its happening!
tfw wagecucks will fight thisMostly because basic income won't happen until thousands are already homeless/dead.
Self driving cars with automatic refueling bro. The oil industries should have been out of business 100 years ago but these greedy jewish fucks care about money more than human progress.
Hurr if I was in charge we'd all live in a utopia and be happy and freeKill yourself.
You're crazy if you're too deluded to realize this luxurious lifestyle we lead is built on the back of cheap access to a fast-depleting resource that is irreplaceable according to the laws of physics. Ever notice how you get to live comfortably, staying warm and not working to the bone just to eat? And did you also notice that there are billions who spend their lives working to the bone for enough to eat just to keep you comfortable?When cheap access to fossil fuels stops being a thing, you are going to join those billions. Physics and human nature demand this outcome. 50 years form now we will be living back in houses built around a heat source and utilizing local farming and compost toilets, etc. IF we're not too stupid to accept that the future will not provide magical energy sources and we need too redevelop our society to reflect that. But we are too stupid.
It's already in effect in most of them through welfare programs, supplemental living, and healthcare. Some countries like those in the EU are more advanced but even the most stubborn first world country USA is starting to move forward. Rich people will soon be useless because people don't require their wealth to get jobs in order to live.
tfw OP would call me a "wagecuck" because I have a full-time jobtfw my job makes me one of the "creators of automation"tfw I have donated quite a bit of my fairly generous salary to political groups that promote basic income plansSee, the thing is, I don't actually give a shit what any of you folks do with your lives. You want to live off of government assistance? Fine by me; I think that most developed countries are already productive enough to support that, and they're going to get even more productive in the near future.But personally, I would much rather spend my time working on things that benefit society as a whole yes, including NEETs on /r9k/ instead of spending all my time on "personal development" that will never benefit anyone but myself.
Currency and social classes are needed to keep humans in check because once we have complete freedom then we turn back into animals. I mean we wage slaves turn into fucking primates in the clubs or at parties now imagine if we never had to work at all then as I said before we would have parties daily and sex all the time. All the youngsters in highschool would no longer give a shit about education and engage in sex orgies.
Even if hobos starve they'll try to rob stores or people for food and money before they die. Then they'll be arrested, imprisoned and kept fed. They'll be a lot of people in jail but few dead unless people stop feeding prisoners
fossil fuel is the only form of fuelYou have much to learn, little anon. One day you too may be enlightened.
If I could do that, I would, bro.
The oil industries should have been out of business 100 years agoNo... Literally the ONLY way we know of to gain usable energy at an affordable cost and at the rate needed to power cars is by combustion of fossil fuels. And affordable access to them will soon be a thing of the past.hurr muh wind powerhur muh nuclear plantshur my magic batterieshur my solar energy fantasyhur muh benevolent elites who will pull out all stops to allow me to continue living in luxuryJust no.
Instead of going to an office to earn money for food I have to risk my life/freedom for money/food for like 20 years until basic income is introduced.Not really selling it.
Hey faggot we already have hydro powered cars that work, its the oil industries holding us back and stop calling science magic it makes you look retarded.
implying lobbyists won't fight this in every way possibleThe NEET utopia will exist eventually, but the probability of it happening in our lifetime is very slim
implying i will ever settle for a "basic income"kekkers
Technology will never replace 100% of the labor force. But replacing 50% of it is very likely. The problem with basic income is that if it's anywhere close to enough to live on, it's ruinously expensive. Ten thousand dollars a year is not enough to live on in the vast majority of the US - it's something like two-thirds of the federal minimum of $7.25 - but sending a $10k check to everyone in the US would cost over three trillion dollars a year. That's more than all current spending combined, entitlements and discretionary.Also people with this attitude will stop it from happening. Regrettably, there's huge swathes of the population with that "Protestant work ethic" thing, who believe that work is inherently good for you and that people should be doing it even when it isn't needed.
The global elite don't want useless mouths sitting around taking government money.I guarantee you that when the time comes where there are simply too many people contributing nothing and not even having the opportunity to contribute we will be used as cannon fodder to make the One World Government a reality. The more useless people die in that war, the better.
It's already partially here. In western countries there are much more people than jobs required to keep the system running. We could either have everyone working one day a week or have most of the people on basic income while a minority works full time and gets paid a bit more. Of course this is not okay for an average wagecuck who chooses to suffer and then despises those who choose not to because it is not necessary.
Wrong machines can do any job better than humans, thats a fact of life that you will see very soon. Even fucking STEM fags are in danger of becoming obsolete.
Of course this is not okay for an average wagecuck who chooses to suffer and then despises those who choose not to because it is not necessary.Do you not considering the wagecuck wants money for a larger house/holidays/expensive things?Basic income is just that basic. You're not going to be able to do much with it outside of eating and shelter.
hydro powered cars that workFull kek. Even if these "hydro powered cars" could produce USABLE energy at a comparable rate to fossil fuel combustion the laws of physics say they can't, they still can't happen due to the laws of human nature ie. economics. Nobody cares about you living in luxury. Humans get used to a lower standard of living quickly. You are going to find that your access to technology gets less and less, and your access to cheap energy becomes almost non-existent. Your days will be spent securing food and staying warm. It will happen in your lifetime. Look into how much our society relies on fossil fuels, and the laws of physics in regards to accessing USABLE energy, and you'll see why this is inevitable.Also, did you know that planes fly A LOT slower these days than thy did in the 80s? That's because they are trying to conserve fuel. Because they can't run on a profit due to energy costs. Why are they turning to rationing fuel and providing a shittier experience, rather than powering their planes by "hydro"?
implying I want this to even happenI am wageslave so I enjoy working and dont a machine to take my job
No the White Man must work, who else be taxed?Without the whiteman`s taxes the whole system is going to fall apart.Who else will support the flood of unskilled immigrants into first world countries with welfare?Not the banks, nor the corporations that want them here in the first place.
Without the whiteman`s taxes the whole system is going to fall apartWithout access to cheap energy from fossil fuels the whole system is going to fall apart. The dollar is based on fossil fuels, even.
*will beThese machines and these immigrants exist to simply undercut the native workers of first world countries.The educated workers demand such things as "workplace rights," "safe working environments," and "livable wages."This simply cannot do if we wish to keep inflating the accumulation of wealth within our coffers.
what is nuclear and solar poweras for polymers, there are tons of 100% synthetic substitutes that don't require any petrochemicals
Technology will never replace 100% of the labor force. But replacing 50% of it is very likelyHow are these machines going to be produced? Do you even know how complex machines are built? We have a shortage of nearly everything that we need to build CPUs, etc. You are living in fantasy. We will be returning to a lifestyle we have lived for most of human history. The fossil-fuel-boom in living standards was simply a short-term anomaly for all but the global elite.
If machines make things, then the things cost a hell of a lot less to make, making them cheaper. If machines do 50% of the work then mostly everything will be a lot cheaper so 10k would be able to go a lot further.
Stop being fucking retarded, machines already design nearly everything you see in your house.
what are the laws of physicswhat is usable energy
He thinks nuclear and solar power isn't usable
If machines make things, then the things cost a hell of a lot less to make, making them cheaper.That actually depends on what POWERS the machines, what is used to BUILD the machines, and where the resources come from for the machines to make things. What you should do is go away and look up what substances are needed to build computers. Then research how many of these substances are in grave shortage.If you're feeling especially brave, look up how much energy it costs to get off this planet. Then give up on fantasies like "asteroid mining". If you're confused, read some books on economics and what governs human behavior. And look into the laws of physics as applied to generating usable energy. If you fulfill those tasks, you'll see that the future can only be a low-tech hand-to-mouth one for everybody not already part of the jetsetting global elite.
you frame it like it's some big Happy Merchant conspiracy. It isn't. It's a bunch of individual managers and owners subject to the same economic forces minimum wages, increasing worker protections, rapidly-improving automation coming to the same conclusion - to substitute abundant capital for expensive labor.The high end of the labor market is, for now, pretty safe. Programmers, chip designers, materials scientists, all those kinds of people have nothing to immediately worry about. Technology will certainly make them more productive, but it won't be replacing them soon.Then again millions of people in the US alone work as truck drivers. There's already a self-driving semi on the roads. Right now, it only does highways, not city driving, but that covers most trucking, and it's only going to improve it's ability to handle other roads. Technology improves, it never gets worse. How many more people are taxi drivers? Self driving vehicles are going to put all these millions of people out of a job within a decade. You really think that won't happen to other industries? You think they can't build a machine that does the job of a fry cook?
So we'll be driving around in wind powered or nuclear powered cars? At least read a book before making retarded claims. There is NO replacment for fossil fuels on this earth and there never will be.
I can see wisdom in your posts. What's your plan for when the first world country turns into a shit-hole?
economic forces
generate electricityput in in an electric carCome on anon, this isn't hard.
Solar has issues efficiency is awful, especially considering the energy+resources to make panels anyway, but nuclear and modern battery technology can and will keep things fine.it won't be seamless, and there will be some pretty big issues during the transition, but it'll happen and the modern age will keep on goingalso, there will be the usual reactor maintenance/replacement or rather, the lack thereof issues, so that's not going to be fun to look forward toshortage of siliconshortage of carbonshortage of aluminumyou fucking what mate
There are nuclear powered and wind powered boats.So, why not?
The high end of the labor market is, for now, pretty safe. Programmers, chip designers, materials scientists, all those kinds of people have nothing to immediately worry aboutYou're missing the point. Technology isn't alchemy. It can't create things from nothing. We are fast running out of the core-resources that maintained our tech-heavy lifestyle. That is a fundamental truth, that nobody who understands reality can deny. No replacement for fossil fuels.Prove me wrong with a verified study that provides PROOF we can access usable energy at the same costs and rate form another source than fossil fuels. I'll wait.
implying this isn't already the case.As always the majority are slave to the whims of the powerful. Look at how pervasive advertisement is in our society and how much money is being put into it.But really, the elites of the World won't really need us in 50 years.
magic batteriesbeing produced at an affordable rateYeah, it is hard.
Feudal Lords. Global Elite. I'm assuming you are not part of this clan. So what's your plan for when shit hits the fan? Ignore these idiots who are arguing with you. Tell us what we need to do to prepare.
"peak oil" has been predicted how many times before? Since the 1970s at least. Call me when it happens.
False.
And how are these automobiles going to run without cheap access to fossil fuels?Batteries dumbass
What is technological advancement?Get your tinfoil hat off, there's no such thing as expensive to make or cheap to make, only quick to make and time intensive to make. Everything of value has value because achieving it takes time or special skills/tools to make the timeframe manageable. The concept is artificial. What happens when you replace humans with machines that work 24/7 at more efficient rates?
There is a global elite who don't reside in any one nation and control resource access on the large-scale. This is easy to prove. And these people aren't going to give up their lifestyle when resources run low. Truth is, the loss of affordable energy will be SLOW. People will get USED TO IT and not even remember how good things used to be. We will be returning to a lifestyle built around getting food and staying warm, easing into over the next 20 years. Shit won't really hit the fan unless something goes massively wrong.
It is for him because he's mentally retarded.
Okay okay fine, slow de-evolution instead of fan-hitting crud, but please, goddamnit, every time someone talks about this future we are going to have, they never say about HOW TO PREPARE FOR IT!!!! They usually endlessly argue and waste their time with idiots. Please don't goddamn waste your time with those idiots in this thread.
there's no such thing as expensive to make or cheap to makeExcept the cost of raw materials retard
tfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriesif you think that this will happen you are basically a fucking silly retard, that's all i have to saythis will NEVER NOT EVER happen
HOW TO PREPARE FOR IT!!!!Save lotsa money in various things stocks, bonds, gold, real estate?Buy lots of freeze dried food and water filters?Get an electric car?
there's no such thing as expensive to make or cheap to makeDo you not even have a basic understanding of human nature? Everything comes at a cost. If there is not an economic incentive to implement something, it won't be done. Further, "technological advancement" isn't fucking magic. It is completely powered by the energy of fossil fuels and other nonrenewable resources that are running out. Even if people weren't exclusively motivated by economics, there is literally no evidence that we will be able to produce a viable energy source to replace fossil fuels.What is a battery made of? How much energy can it hold, and how reliably can it release this energy? You are simply too scared to face up to the harsh reality of physics and human nature.
What? You don't sound like the person I was talking to now, is that literally your best advice?
fossil fuels become more expensiveit then becomes cheaper and more profitable to make renewablesWOAH
Goddamnit don't argue with those idiots, just explain how to prepare for the future. How should we best improve our lot for the food-heat living situation we will see in 20 years?
People will get USED TO IT and not even remember how good things used to be.This is exactly how all empires and civilizations decline.This isn`t about America, this is about every globalized nation in the first world.Be prepared to be called "spoiled" or "ungrateful" in the future because you remember a time when you didn`t have to go hungry or you never had to boil water before you drank it.
What is a battery made of? How much energy can it hold, and how reliably can it release this energy?You realize Nissan, Chevy and Testla have electric cars RIGHT NOW and they're only gonna get more affordable as time goes on
The only kind of preparation worth a damn is building personal relationships in your community, so you can all work together to make your lives bearable when the time comes. Move to a community that has reasonable access to places to grow food and get water and bearable people. Ensure you have a passing knowledge or permaculture and construction and basic survival That's it. Stockpiling and homesteading will fail without relationships with your community.
My neighborhood is generally nice older white peopleI would probably start some nice farms if SHTF with them
Are you enlightened? Do you meditate? I don't want to live on Earth anymore, and especially now, knowing the future will suck. Do you know the fate of those who have student loan debt?
Sounds spooky tbh
Do you know the fate of those who have student loan debt?Pretty much all your future earnings are taken by the high-interest jew loansIf you're NEET you don't have to pay
I skipped college so I don't have any student loan debt fortunately, but I've only been working minimum wage jobs for the most part. My cousin, however, is planning on racking up huge amount of debt to go into medical field.
Truthfully, it doesn't matter what happens. Get your mind state right and stop needing petty comforts. Take pleasure in the feeling of being alive. Play the game while you have to but know it is only a game. Bend but don't break. Life isn't about stockpiling comfort for a smooth ride to the grave. Learn to appreciate all sensation and learn how to navigate circumstance you can't control while manipulating what you can. I know that sounds gay, but it is all instinct in the end - you either appreciate the sensation of life above all else or you're trapped.
Mcdolans is already installing the first of their automated touch screen order menus under the guise of "make ur own burger".Bye bye cashiers.Bye bye.Soon the automatic assemblers will come.
If I had to place my bet, I'd say people with massive debt will be taken under leash by the people whom they owe. At least once conditions deteriorated enough that more people are concerned with whether they'll have bread for a day than they're concerned with "someone who isn't me might be a slave somewhere".I see no reason why this couldn't happen.
Medical school seems like a gamble nowadaysIt takes so many years of your life and the material is very stressful, you come out making bank but at great mental, physical and monetary cost
What do you mean bend but don't break? You're saying appreciate the sensation of live above all else, so that we can avoid being addicted to sugar, porn, drugs etc. right? I've been cutting down my addictions, and am trying to quit porn. I'm 16 days free from porn so far.
What should I do about working on minimum wage jobs? I skipped college, but there's no way I can afford to live alone. I'm not planning to have kids, but I'm white so my parents kind of expect me to move out some point.
I'm still addicted to video games and senseless internet surfing but I suspect meditation will help with that. Do you have any other advice for quitting addictions?
I dunno man, you should probably go for a semi-skilled job like a UPS or armored car driverYou need a commercial license but it pays enough to live onSecurity guard is good to, if you get a CPR certification
If you have insecurity based on your standing in the world, then you are a vulnerable person, trapped in the whims of others. Things can break you because you need SPECIFIC things rather than being able to find indeoendent value in anything that occurs. It's about being humble but not bowing to anybody. I think journey to ixtlan is a book that describes that stuff well. The rest of the series is garbage, but that book has a lot of practical advise gleaned form millennia of thought.
you clearly don't fucking understand anything about basic income. people who are working will be making extra money.also, it's hilarious you call them wagecucks and celebrate basic income but completely forsake those that are propelling humanity forward with this technology while you sit there eating cheetos and getting fatter until you eventually die a virgin
you are way behind on technological trends and forecasts. i wouldn't be calling anyone stupid if i were you
I was doing medical science with the ultimate goal of pathology.It's already being automated.There are HANDHELD machines now that take a drop of blood and do a few dozen tests simultaneously and automatically in seconds, which used to take weeks and multiple samples.We won't need the scores of background people of medicine in the future, even our general practitioners will just be monkeys reading the netdoc printout.Good luck going into medicine for those 6 figure salaries if you're just starting today.
Hurrrr I deserve money for being literally uselessNever going to happen. Why should you get money/resources just for existing?
Well for example I need a car to drive to work. How would you react if you had no money and your car needs expensive repairs?
propelling humanity forwardi fucking lold
Automated doctors should have replaced many human doctors years ago. Greedy lobbyist stopped it. Yet, even with that clear example of human greed and selfishness, people still believe that the future will be full of abundance for everybody. Hm.
Just watch what happens when the U.S. stops subsidizing the defense and peace of Euorpe. It'll be WW3 within a generation. And this time we won't come around to bail you fucks out.
tfw you're job can't be automated
Is your job shitposting?
Nope, shitposting can definitely be automated :^
Well you'd have to write a script to solve captchas XDD
Nobody can help you with that attitude adjustment. It's all empty theory in words. But what you'll find when your car breaks down is that you still resolve the situation. It isn't a massive disaster, it just requires you to resolve a novel situation instead of doing what you normally do. If you are free from imposed standards of society, you will be able to resolve your problems. It sounds cliche, because it is something that is fundamental to living life - survival and experiencing of living is all that should matter. Being uncomfortable is fine, when you are not bowing down to fears and outside judgement.
he doesn't buy 4chan passes for his shitposting botsWhat are you a poor?
Do you meditate and aim for enlightenment? What exactly are you doing now for living? What will you do in the next 20 years?
Nah man you need to rotate ipsYou passes would get permabanned
automation = more profits for the people running the show.it's inevitable. wage slaves even your jobs arent secure anymore. think about that on the way to work tomorrow morning at 8am, while im relaxing at home!
he doesn't buy a pass for every IP in the blockA poor indeed.You have to spend money to make money kid, shitposting is tough world maybe you should stick to cuteposting with your little sisters.
mfw wage slaves who don't have a union lose their jobs to automationThis is what you get for voting against unions, wagecucks
come onto /r9k/generally consider one of the biggest boards for fucking loserssee the OP ramble on how he will better his life and experience thingstry to hold back laughter as they try to justify not having a job Thank god the vast majority of the population doesn't have your mindset or we wouldn't have built skyscrapers and infrastructure to keep you from hunting with a fucking spear.
If America could stop causing so many god damn wars then it wouldn't be a problem.
look at all those wage slave cars.they actually wake up in the morning to park there and take public transitriding shitty public transit to a shitty job, just to make money to pay bills before they inevitably dieyeah, what a way to live! that money sure is worth all that time you lost, and your youth, isnt it?
Yeah, I forgot that WW1 was all America's fault. Dumbass.
My life would be improve ten thousand fold if I could hunt all day for dinner.
Not everyone has the capability to design or build skyscrappers. A lot of people that do shit jobs for shit pay would happily take the option to be automated and be given a basic income. A man/woman who's sole economical purpose is flipping burgers isn't worth anything.
What exactly are you doing now for livingMarketing manager for a R&D company. But I'm 29 and have been sentenced to prison at 16, have no education, was homeless many times, started failed businesses online, got into debt, etc. I also have terrible social skills and can't talk above a murmur, possibly due to childhood abuse. But I learned how to navigate life and bring about circumstance because I have no standards or shame beyond not wanting to hurt people for my own reasons.I always thought meditation was beyond the body and mind and the best way to reach realization at that level is through action. Like how you can think clearer while doing a repetitive action like walking, you realize things by putting yourself at the mercy of luck and circumstance. But that all sounds pretentious. I think meditating and gaining value from that is a personal thing and we all find our ways.
how else do you describe the actions of those who are allowing you to sit at home all day masturbating and wasting your life?
My last day off was May 28th. My next day off is June 14. I for one welcome our webcuck overlords.
Flipping burgersPropelling humanity forwardKek.In all seriousness, the average human is worthless and will provide little to no benefit to society as a whole. They could easily be replaced by a machine, created by thee intellectual elite.
outsourcing was the first step.automation is the next.soon, all jobs will be overseas in china, or done by a robot. hope your job doesnt go away, wage cucks!
Thank god the vast majority of the population doesn't have your mindset or we wouldn't have built skyscrapers and infrastructure to keep you from hunting with a fucking spear.Implying a prehistoric robot would have had the skills and ability to hunt and gather. He would have sat in his cave all day and masturbated until he died.
tfw lump of labor fallacy
Yeah, like I said, great mindset. Everyone should just stop going to work. Your power will probably last about 2 weeks before your local power plant goes down.Do it.Cherry picking, but someone has to do those shit jobs.
but wage cucks are not living life, they are drones.people who arent wage cucks are spending their time doing the things they like, and are therefore actually living.
but someone has to do those shit jobsThat's the thing about automation, no they don't.
all this mean is that we aren't going to have jobsit doesn't mean we're going to get basic income from the government
he would not be able to talk to girls, let alone get laid. the human race would be extinct. This is your utopia, neets.
Do it.It's against the law everywhere except a few hundred kilometers from where I live, and there are more certified hunters than there are roos and disease ridden wild pigs around here to sustain myself. Can't even shoot the mountain cows nearby without being fined a few thousand dollars.Plus even if I went through all the buttfucking i'd need the money to buy a truck and gas and gear, that it would be cheaper just to go to woollies and buy a prime steak.
not living lifeOkay, I hear this argument a lot, and while I admit, some jobs like a clerk, cashier or burger flipper aren't glamorous jobs, it's very very far from "not living life." There are plenty of free things to do around any decently urbanized area. People on this board spout off their inferiority-complex driven phlegm about not living life, but it's 8 hours a day 33% work more than this, but it quickly drops off after 45 hours a week with 8 hours to do your own shit, 8 hours of sleep, and then a weekend to get other shit done. Sometimes you get days off, lots of corporations allot sick days and this is just in America. France requires jobs to allow 30 paid PAID! days off, which is a 3 day weekend every other week. This isn't some Orwellian fantasy not yet at least where you work for eternity. There are definite issues with people being overworked Americans at least, but this isn't a excerpt out of your preconceived notions of what the workforce is like to help you justify being a fat nerd. A fat nerd who I can almost guarantee wastes his life on 4chan all day reassuring himself that being a wage slave is bad and then gets hit in the face hard when his parents croak or the evil gubbamint takes entitlements away. Their not automated yet.
Many jobs won't be automatedUniversity of Oxford has a publication on this that details the likelihood of various jobs reaching full automation. Scroll to page 57 if you don't want to read it all.
Is that the one that said Judges were 50% to be automated?
tfw I don't live in a decently urbanized areatfw not a whole lot to do within biking range
this
Automation of most jobs is comingI beg to differ. There isn't a point to keeping people unemployed, because then the rich have nobody to make a profit off of.tfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriesI have yet to see any evidence of your claims.tfw the idea of having to "work for a living" will die offI doubt that.tfw can spend my days reading, writing, bicycling, lifting, clubbing, playing piano, and anything else I wantYou can already do that.tfw wagecucks will fight thisBecause, for most people, not having a purpose leads to depression. Work fulfills that need in a very tangible way.tfw wagecucks won't be able to see their life's value without flipping burgersWe can, but that doesn't mean that we expect a free ride.tfw they'll riot on the street and kill the creators of automationOver facing starvation? Yeah.tfw humans will persevere as alwaysNot sure what you are implying.mfw when watching them get shipped off to prisonWon't happen.
Ah even better, great outdoors. I recommend camping or fishing. At least give it a go. I didn't think I would like motorcycling but it turns out to be a lot of fun.
I have yet to see any evidence of your claims.What is Welfare, Alex?
Because Oxford has mystics for IT doctorates right?When machines get better at designing machines than humans everyone everywhere for all time is fucked.
Actually it's labeled as not computerisable here.
muh skynet!Please worry about something realistic.
what about the shitty middle ground between decently urbanized and close to nature, where everything is 6-lane suburban shithole and strip mall as far as the eye can see
Not that I disagree, but people who say things like that are usually the biggest fedora-tippers of them all
Do you think replying in this format makes your post look intelligent? I basically skim every post written like this under the assumption that the poster must be retarded. Its awkward and embarrassing to read.
There is a lot of ethics behind what we will eventually let machines do, since it is up to us. I suspect we won't reach that kind of scenario.
The amount of stupidity in this thread is overwhelming. Ofcourse an expansion of social security will happen along with automation. As productivity goes up fewer people will be needed for the same production, let me explain it like this to the complete mouth breathing wagecuck roasties out there; now we have 10 guys working in a factory to produce a car, in 10 years we have 1 guys producing automation equipment that produces the same car, as a result of this 9 people will be out of work. Luckily this new world allows for a large social security system because there will be no shortage of workers, goods will be abundant, at least goods without large amounts of raw materials going in, so NEETs won't have the money to afford their own car but they can otherwise live comfortably.And to that sperglord rambling about fossils being the only true energy source; try to turn off fox news for just 1 second and research the real facts instead. Solar has fallen 80% in cost over the past 5 years and is now getting very close to parity with fossils and is expected to fall even further in cost. Batteries has also fallen immensely in cost due to economies of scale and tech improvements, it is expected to fall to around $100/kwh in 2020 which would allow for a $5k car battery giving you a real world range of more than 200 miles, with electricity obviously being much cheaper than gasoline.
If anyone is interested
How should one respond to a comment that was posted as a list?
how is social security going to keep expanding when it's just taking on more debt every yeareventually it's going to collapse
Greentexting isn't a list, it's a format for story telling or used as quotations. Also, paragraphs work pretty well these days.
In a few hundred years we'll do away with money entirely. I'm always fascinated that people are stupid enough to think that in thousands of years there will be galactic currencies and such.
Take your mother's car out for a spin, do some sightseeing. It's almost like going for a walk but you don't even have to move. Maybe go browsing in some stores. I like to stop at Barnes and Nobles once a month. The store in itself is a great way to explore some interesting topics, read some magazines, grab a bite at their cafe, look through some music. I work a manual labor job 40 hours a week but still find the time on the weekends to go out and look at shit and my friends aren't even in town at the moment.
Its not really a list. Remove all the unnecessary meme-punctuation and its just a series of sentences like any other paragraph.
Does not work with lists as well?
And what's the technical difference between a series and a list? A paragraph is still a list of sentences.
haha guys the nations GDP will remain the same and there will never EVER be more people to serve in the office, service and industrial sectors.
You fucking retard, he at least used the quote function appropriately unlike the OP with his meme-text.
You are implying social security necessarily means for the government to take on debt, this is simply not correct. There are numerous countries with healthy fiscal policies along with social security, scandinavian countries as an example. The US didn't have much debt until Bush just fucked your shit up and you had social security before him.
That's fine. You're the only one that loses out on the information. So you'll keep OP's thoughts in your heart, and believe it to be true, and plan your life around something that won't happen.
Don't forget they're raising the retirement age every few years as well.
Ironically, this is the correct way to use green text.
meme-textI like to imagine it's a man's legs and his fancy hat has slipped too far down onto his face. He has a funny hat haha.
Yup. At this point, I'm looking at 71 for full retirement, and it's subject to change.
That's why I'm planning to retire on my own savings instead of government programs.
Nice strawman, roastcuck. With automation you can obviously increase total production while still reducing workforce. A larger part of the workforce will work in service sure, but a lot of these jobs can be automated too.
Theres a flow. The first sentence is required reading for the next sentence to be cogent, and so on. You couldn't reorder the sentences and have them make sense in the way a list could. Obviously there can be an explicit importance in a list's order, such as chronological or alphabetical, but there is no narrative flow as there is in greentext stories. If you just quoted every one of the sentences in this paragraph it would be just as awkward and stilted as the way he quoted OP's.
retirementhah.HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
stiltedI'm not disagreeing but some of those who are long legged may find that usage offensive.
I'm not planning on retiring until I literally can't work anymore. Don't get me wrong, I'll draw retirment as soon as I am able to do so without having to cut back on hours, but I'll be doing my job until I can't do it anymore, than take my pension as a lump sum. Up until then, I'll just have an additional paycheck from the government every month.
tfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriesNot in our fucking lifetime. Good goyim are supposed to work their lives away so they're too busy to complain about the state of things. Americans already piss on people who get government money too, there's no way the rich would ever straight up fund people to merely exist.We would have to hit a point where every fucking job except for ones requiring human creativity and shit would be automated and the majority of people cannot live because they can't get work before we start seeing anything like that. There would be no incentive to work if you could just live while doing nothing. Most people don't want to work, they have to in order to keep living the way they do, and being a NEET is a luxury you people can only afford through your parents or disability.
Sometimes I look at the melted faces of the old ladies working in supermarkets and wonder why they don't go on killing sprees.
hey guys I'm justifying my pathetic existence because it's all the jews fault and instead of doing something about it i'm going to dig myself into a deeper and deeper cycle by reassuring that I can't do anything about it with my circlejerk friendstoppest of keks
 Most people don't want to work, they have to in order to keep living the way they doThat's exactly why they would still work. Basic income doesn't really let you live up to any current standards that satisfy people.
Well, I don't work with the public, and have no interest of giving up the job I have 3rd shift, and so long as nothing goes wrong, I have about half an hour of work to do per night; rest of the time I'm watching netflix or on 4chan.
bush didn't start it but he sure did accelerate the shit out of it with obama followingeither way, the debt is there, and it's massive, and it's growingperhaps the utopia in the OP will happen in non-american nations, but in america do you think that the same plutocrats who've fucked our economy are really gonna be eager to expand social programs and give everyone free money just for existing?
Now that's what I call good goy.jpg
71holy fuck, why would i want to wait that long to retire. Every aspect of life would be a pain at that age. I don't want to spend anymore than 20% of my lifespan working if I can help it.
Look at your check. All of FICA goes into SS. All of Medicare goes to the elderly. On top of all of that, last year, 25% of your federal taxes went into SS. And we are still running up a debt with it, despite it consuming way more than 50% of all government deductions combined for me.
not fighting back BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Well done, the jews have broke you. You might as well join them.
I'll just work really hard, harder than everyone else, day and night, and one day I will be a millionaire too!
There you go, you're already thinking like a Jew.
What is the most jew like profession?
Moneylender.
Bank owner.
Widespread structural unemployment would inevitably produce a nationwide mental health crisis.
My dad bought an apartment complex from a jew and ironically the thing was absolute shit and run down with no work put in it at all, so my first thought runs over a landlord. Or at least a landlord with no respect for his property.
I don't think they will be eager but I do think it will happen, I mean some are already getting neetbux don't forget that, and expasion of social security will only come natural as the alternative will be leaving large amounts of people to die on the streets because there simply aren't enough jobs, this is clearly unrealistic and it would cause a lot of rioting, a serious criminal increase that maybe even would make a basic income better for the economy.
Inheriting uncle schlomos money handling position.
Top hollywood jobs, top financial industry jobs, top news & comm jobs, they're also extremely over-represented in law & medicine
No it won't, their issues would just be more prevalent because they're not covering them up with meaningless tasks.
Actually, throughout most of European history, Jews were only allowed to be lenders, as Christianity and Islam forbade lending money, and Jews weren't overly cared for. By law, all they could do is bank.
SWAG
RETARDALERT.JPGSomeone needs to take a Technology and Society class.Filthy uneducated peasant.You are just as stupid as the Luddites who destroyed the new textile machinery that put them out of business during the early 19th century. But what happened to the people who were put out of business? The cost of clothing went down dramatically and people had more money to spend on other things and that meant that those who lost their job could get employed elsewhere.If Mcdonalds fired all of their workers for machienry they could save a lot of money.... and then they could lower the cost for food... and as long as there is no monopoly food costs for all chains would go down up to 50%, or more.That would mean people could save money on food and spend it elsewhere. Then the people who were fired could get the jobs that are needed elsewhere... possibly entertainmement maybe.The standard of living and pay has gone up so much do to ever increasing efficiencies in the work place. When it only takes a week to build a house with advanced machinery rather than 2 months of hard labor with men cutting down a forest it isn't as affordable. Every time technology puts people out of work the plebs will bitch but in the big picture it will be better for society as a whole and everyone will end up in a better situation.Fucking read a book before you speak plebs
Thanks for killing the thread asshole.
what is the nationless concentration of wealth and power
I think you're in the wrong thread, friend. The OP is actually for automation rather than against it. In fact most of your post doesn't pertain to the OP at all.
Maybe m8I am just a shit faced robot
tfw can spend my days reading, writing, bicycling, lifting, clubbing, playing pianoWho are you trying to fool? You'll still be on r9k shitposting
would go down up to 50%, or more.
kek
How much of that price drop is from subsidies?Why not just use reflector-heated Stirling cycle engines as well? I would imagine it to be much cheaper and less resource intensive than photovoltaic cells
Line Cook here. if you don't want to worry about this, get a job that can't be outsourced. doctor, lawyer, driver for emergency vehicles, the rest will be automated soon enough or anything restaurant related, people need to eat except for cashier
Utilities are another good path.
M-My job is working for my state's medicaid office. Am I in the clear??
Probably not, as you job could be automated. I'm talking about digging up a pipe, deciding where to put garbage, repairing electrical lines, or climbing inside of a Gas Turbine to do repairs.
But I deal with a lot of healthcare law and it's impossible to know every aspect of the job, even with 10 years worth of experience.
If it takes 20 years to perfect the programming, will you be ok?
There's always work to be done.The government will have people planting trees, doing landscaping, and power washing the sidewalks before they give you a decent life for free.
tfw can spend my days reading, writing, bicycling, lifting, clubbing, playing piano, and anything else I wantwho the fuck will staff the clubs? make the pianos, bikes, books? Are you retarded?
Meh, probably. The law changes on a weekly basis and even my boss says she doesn't know what she's doing half the time. There's a lot of craftiness needed for this job so I doubt a machine would be more functional. Bikes and pianos can and are made by machines. Books and clubs would need people but those aren't minimum wage jobs.
Then you might be alright. Of course, that might change depending on whether those safety nets are kept in place I'm betting the country will eventually have reason to snap into a libertarian mindset. But even then, you will be able to find work in the private sector, at a hospital or dentists office. If you can handle Medicare/Medicaid, you can handle any kind of insurance.Of course, this is assuming that the insurance industry is as volatile as the social health industry which I'm presuming it changes at least monthly
you just contradicted yourselfif im sitting at home all day wasting my time, becasue of the level of technolgy and luxury we have, then obviously that is not propelling anyone fowardanyway I have a basic argument about that.Just because we invented some cool shit does not in any way mean humanity is advancing forward.
tfw automation of most jobs is comingYes, that's true.tfw basic income will soon spread through most first world countriesThis will never happen, only a delusional kid who watched too much sci-fi show would believe this.tfw the idea of having to "work for a living" will die offNo, people will die.tfw can spend my days reading, writing, bicycling, lifting, clubbing, playing piano, and anything else I wantNot unless you're rich.tfw wagecucks will fight thisThey will die, just like NEETstfw wagecucks won't be able to see their life's value without flipping burgersNEETS won't be able to see their life's value when they have to struggle to grow their own food or give everything they own in exchange for a glass of fresh watertfw they'll riot on the street and kill the creators of automationYou can't kill the elite, idiot, certainly not by rioting.tfw humans will persevere as alwaysNot this time.mfw when watching them get shipped off to prisonmfw when watching you get shipped off to the soylent green factory
"How do you compete with THIS roasties?"
"Here's your reply"
Does anyone know where I can buy this shirt?
please don't buy one opit's for your own good
HEY GUYS WEED!!!!! hHahaha WEED! LMAO
Are you 12?dude weed lmao 420 erryday /b/ is teh epic!!don't buy this shit
doesnt get OP is kiddingis a retardxD
Fuck the haters. I laughed.
its so lame that its cool
*cuts you with katana*What did you say to me bitch
Just continue trying to be the biggest fucking degenerate you can be and you'll come across one after your parents kick you out.

, 
who else /withdrawal/ here? Dip addict can a day for eight years currently going on 18 hours without any nicotine. Worst headache of my life and starting to feel a but nauseous.
im addicted to soadie pops and cold tea with two sugars I cant stop I make hot tea in the morning then drink it 2 hours later
Cool, thanks for sharing.
I was supposed to be getting some weed in the post today, but it never came. Now I'm concerned it got picked up by police. But worse than that, I'm not sure I can survive the night with no weed. I'm thinking that in a few hours once it's late enough I'll have to go out checking for unlocked cars and praying somebody left some weed in one. It's not like I'll be sleeping tonight anyway. I actually might end up killing myself this weekend because even if the weed does arrive in the post, it won't be until Monday. Shit is awful. I'm in the worst state I've ever been. I wouldn't wish running out of weed on my worst fucking enemy, yet here I am suffering through it. Fuck.
I've been through heroin withdrawal more times than I can count.
herrron addict hereit aint fun bein needlesick
Sincere condolences.
Not bad as other shit but I've been out of adderall for a week.It really helps motivate and get my ass out of bed, while being more social and having less severe depression.
Coming down off a crack binge while being dopesick is probably the worst thing I've ever felt in my life
lel it took you forever to find h
a can a day of dip? are you fucking serious? Good on you for breaking that habit.
I woke up with a small, hard, painless lump on the roof of my mouth. And I've had a dull, nagging ear ache for a couple months that I haven't done anything about. I go in Tuesday. I'm honestly scared shitless.
2015not vaping to beat nic addictionBut in all seriousness, good for you OP. Dip is fucking disgusting, congrats on making an effort to beat it
I swapped from cigarettes to ecigs, allowing me to vape as much as I wanted. Then, I month later, I stepped down the nicotine, with the same mandate: vape as much as I want. A month later step it down again going from 24mg to 6 mg in 2 months. Then, stepped it down to 0mg, vaping as much as I wanted that much. Then I started limiting how much I vaped down. Started at 5 minutes per half hour. Week later 5 minutes per hour. Then 5 minutes per 2 hours. Then 5 minutes per 4 hours. By that time, I stopped paying attention to when I used it. Just a single drag every couple of hours. I could quit now without any real consequences.
I was on heavy painkillers for about a year due to a tumor in my sciatic nerve and the surgeries to take it out. Once the time came, it sucked dick getting off the pills, but I knew that i didn't want to live a life dependent on any drug. I'm sure opiate withdrawals are different than nicotine withdrawals, but i'll still tell you that after a few days it wasn't too bad and i'm so happy that they're behind me now.It will be good for you to be off of the dip man, it's just not worth the money or risk. If you really know that it's good for you then you'll do it, just remind yourself that it will end. Good luck.
Who Straight Edge Master Race here?
Did you really just come here to be smug about something..?On /r9k/
Switch to vaping bruh.
i love my vape so much. i wish this mouth fedora meme would go away
Woah, is that a black person with blue eyes?!
I just watched about 25 episodes of Intervention over the past 24 hours. I love that show so much. The new seasons are all Canadians though.
Nah man, it's just fucking time. Time to stop wasting the money and time to stop being dependent. Also, thanks for the kind words everyone.
yeah, pretty much one of the few things I am proud about in my life
Good luck anonWe wish you the best of luck, hang in there
It's definitely something to be proud about.I just don't think it's nice to rub it in our faces.
I can't stop drinking cheap vodka long enough to get withdrawals. I'm so afraid of them.My family doesn't even know I drink. I visit over 10 different liquor stores so, I think, no-one knows how much of a drunk I am.It's so bad that I don't enjoy anything unless I'm intoxicated. I can't interact, etc.I have panic attacks when I am running low on liquor.
you are right, that was rude of me
Vaping is cheap and enjoyable.Me too anon - it's only because reddit has a HUGE vape community and people think it's somehow more of a circlejerk than 4chan so they mock it.
It's fine, anon.
ALRIGHT NOW FELLAS, NOW WHAT'S COOLER THAN BEING COOL!?!?!?
Chad
ALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHTALRIGHT
ICE COLD
Being cold
will you join my indie band bandage
Always see movies, television shows, etc where superheroes are always trying to stop super villainsAlways trying to save humanity and preserve the human race rather than create a superhuman raceVillains always opposing this force and trying to destroy everything humanity thrives ontfw I finally understand why Villains do itIt's not because they're edgy, humanity is a bane to itself and a blight to the universe and should be annihilated.
blight to the universelolno, if anything we're a blight on the planet, but we're not even that, we aren't above nature. I hate to use a buzzword that has lost all meaning but you are just being edgy here, anon.
Fuck off Char you edgy piece of shit spacenoids get out
humanity is a bane to itself and a blight to the universe and should be annihilated.compared to what?
fuck u i do what i want
I would probably get off of char too, it's covered in fucking lava. Oh and Zerg.
Any minority bros here? Only non-whites are allowed to post in this thread.tfw no beautiful white girl to lick my spic ass
I 3 White girls :
This thread again
tfw no white girl to suck my dick right after I take it out of her ass
mexicanwhite gflife is good
Should I date a weeb girl or stay away
Go for it man. Stick it in those white whores.
Mexican hereI love chubby blondes with that good hairWill never marry or impregnate a Mexican girl
African/irish/australianWhat do
das it mane
Daily reminder you shouldn't post on this troll thread. Op is samefagging and pretending to be a spic.
whitetfw huge ass latina gfidk if i can go back to white girls tbh
Diem trips
be blackwhite people either A. fetishize me like fuck or B. racist as fuckthey just cannot be normal about nonwhite peopleAlthough it does lead to spicy time with the ladies nomsayin
White girls are the ultimate degenerate sluts, they have no honor or value.As a Christian Arab, I will be marrying an Arab woman like pic related. One who is both beautiful, and a virgin with decent, moral, family values.White people have no family values. Fuck white people.
I don't blame you, ese
Hehe
religion is going bye bye in America and replacing it is horrors from pandora's box
thankyou cultural degeneracy!
White people have no family values.I wonder why that became the case? :^
?
I think he means the tranny shit like "Caitlyn" Jenner and all the "fat positivity" shit, for example
Who /amwf/ here?

leconspiringhands.jpg
I would fuck them, but something seems off about their appearance. Very subtly.This chick just looks like a frickin' alien though
spic but look middle eastern/Indianam I fucked m8?
If I'm half spic half white then am I non-white?
ye
White girls are shit tier. I'd only put them above Asian girls because Asian girls very rarely have nice figures.
According to typical racist fags yeh
Cool, I guess I'm officially a POC.White people better have their privilege checked around me.
One drop.
White is a minority in Sydney.
Nobody cares about Ausfailia.
if that's how you wanna carry it
That was such an ebin reply m8Srs though fuck off we're full
What's wrong, Anon?Does female sexuality offend you?
shitskinLiterally disgusting.
Thats not even the problemthe problem is that guys have decided that women have to wear more clothes then them because OH MY GOD I CANT CONTROL MY BONER WAHH THIS IS OBVIOUSLY YOUR PROBLEM AND NOT MINE
Does female sexuality offend you?when it's not on my dick, ye
What offends me is she gets mad when I stare
i fucking knew that would be in miami
I actually can't control my boner though
men tell you not to do a thing because it has repercussionswomen ignore warning and do said thingmen dole out said repercussionwomen act like fucking retards once they receive said repercussionsstop being a child.
id totally run up to her and fondle her titsshes literally asking for it
men tell you not to do something because they will dole out repercussionsthat sounds more like a threat than a warning
If by female sexuality you mean promiscuity and hypergamy then yes.
no, but your ugly ass face does
implying i would object to this
promiscuity and hypergamyfirst of all, if you havent noticed thats more of something guys wantFemale sexuality is where you acknowledge that women are actually people and want to be able to choose their partners instead of being treated like property
Yes, it does.
Physically impossible to control boners.Expects men to control boners.
all women need to be kept in cages like the dumb animals they are.
More like a promise bitch
You guys already do that thu?So you admit it is a threat, and that theres no real reason for women to do it other than because youll hurt them if they dont.
Metric pls go
I'm a "person" and I don't want to be sexually active.
I admit nothing
Then dont be? Thats also part of female sexuality, that you dont HAVE to have sex with guys if you dont want toThats why theres that fucking movement, whys it so hard for you to grasp?
I have not seen one woman use this movement to justify not being a massive slut.
Thats because you dont go outside.
Overt sexuality does offend me, yes.
girls should be allowed to go topless anywhere not just Miami. tits really aren't a big deal
Yea, in fact why stop at tits. Men should be allowed to walk around nude too. And with semi-boners.
This this this.It's a physiological reaction so it literally cannot be controlled. The only way is avoidance which is why places of work/business make people cover up. It's not just about boners either, that kind of thing just makes everyone uncomfortable. Imagine going to the dentist and her bare baps are up in your face.
Imagine going to the dentist and her bare baps are up in your face.I'm terrified of getting an erection at the dentist as it is.
Yes I do.
Imagine going to the dentist and her bare baps are up in your face.Oh no,oh wait im pretty sure thats legal seeing as its in a private part of private property where you have to be invited to go, yet i dont see any dentists doing that?
I don't see why you would support this since it will only encourage women to expose more of themselves as though they are sex objects. PS It IS illegal to expose yourself to someone even on your own property if they don't want you to.
I hate women.
yes.
Except that men want women to dress more revealing.
only the gay men
men want other women to dress more revealing, but men don't want their girlfriends to do so
tfw you're going to live your whole life and die alone
that may be accurate, but at least i won't die a virgin
Maybe in a couple years we'll get sexbots
I guess so. I probably will.
we're all going to die alone. but to waste your entire life never experiencing love or even friendship isn't fun
Women will always have a monopoly on sex. Sexbots will never be allowed.
I'm OK with this
virtual reality is good enough for me
you deserve it anon. get used to it.
Yeah except feminists are literally already giving public speeches demanding that sexbots be banned before they even come out.
it's a great feeling
you're going to live your whole lifeI'm not so sure about that part.
Its not that bad, at least the cycle of suffering ends with me.
I believe you but what exactly is their excuse?

you were born just in time to defend your loving waifubot in the war between female androids and feminists
I don't know if it's the picture, or if I'm just in a particularly feelsy mood, but this post made me cry.
Kia knows what we want...
tfw ted removed the talk about feminist bitching about sexbots in the futureim sad now i wanted to show you guys
I find comfort in that feel. Every time I'm with friends for longer than a few hours or so, I feel mentally exhausted and need to recharge. Socializing is tiring at best and painful at worst. If you're a shut-in nerdlord, trust me, no matter how much you fantasize about having someone to talk to IRL, it's always a boring experience when it actually happens.
There's still hope.
source?
i just emailed frankie muniz's publicist with a copy pasted letter that mac wrote to chase utley
...did you lose a bet or something?
no but i replaced chase with frankie and i replaced baseball with racingi hope i get a confused response
How do you know he hasn't seen that episode before?
i'm kinda hoping he has, and that he'll appreciate it and then he'll actually want to be my friendi dont live that far from him. i tweeted him once but he didn't respond ;_;
I don't know why but I am crying this is the funniest thing I've seen in months.
here it isi'm really hoping i get any response honestly
What the fuck is wrong with you
Mac past season 7 is utter trash. He used to be my favorite character. God Dammit.
I laughed so hard I'm sure I woke someone up
Are you retarded?
Did you jazz it up with stickers?
That's pretty funny
When are you going to get your shit together?
My shit is together enough.
Tomorrow
i'm too scared to move on

YESTERDAY YOU SAID TOMORROW, SO JUST DO IT!
Every year I'll think I've improvedand at the end of every year I'll realize that I have no friends and am still a pathetic attentionwhore.
i figure if i wait long enough the shit will all just go away
S-soon. I'm kind of close to being somewhat normie. Just have to get a side-job and fix my debt up.
I don't know, I try but I always end up falling back into my old ways, maybe some people are just losers and can't escape it anymore than a gay person can stop being gay.
TOMORROW IS THE DAY
Calling Dubs
I need help honest to God, someone save me from myself
I've seen that picture dozens of times and every single word hits home. If I go on for another year like this, I'm legitimately going to kill myself.
tfw too scared to tell someone about your feelingstfw no friendstfw scared to admit I'm depressed
In September if the apocalypse doesn't happen
When I get dubs
I don't even feel like its up to me to be honest.
I wish it was september, summer is so fuckin annoying
be me18recently got expelled for smoking pot on campustaking GED classesmaking steady progressapplying everywhere they don't drug testquitting pot as soon as I smoke all i have nowactually taking my anti depressant medication nowparents respect me enough now that I can be who I want to be without their say in it.mfw i don't even know who I am anymore. Im just a peasant right now tbh..Not that anybody cares really. Its not like my parents are going to glorify me or any shit like that. Thats for my other and older siblings who live much more meaningful lives. Im just trying to get to where I need to be and this place is my only escape besides drugs.
, 
Who else here gets turned on by a family member? I'd do anything to get to have sex with my mom
I've seriously considered propositioning my cousin, but that's normal.
tfw family of gross people
"OMFG ANON WHY IS THIS IN YOUR PHONE EWWW"
pic of ur mum
assuming everyone has a newfangled smartphonenormies
imply smart phones are newGet off my internet grandma
OUT OF MY WAY OTHER HOT SAUCE SHITS
louisiana hot sauce, tbh
That's not siracha
Remember when Popeyes gave out the tiny bottles of tobasco with their chicken? They were so small and adorable
I'll take almost any hotsauce but Franks is my go to.
meme sauce
Literally the worst hot sauce.GOAT coming through.
You get those in the army MREs.
My mom has a bunch of those.She's a hoarder.
Water is the first ingredient.Putting water on your food.Try something that actually has heat to it, kid.
not extra hot killyourself
she's a hoarderI'm imagining some middle age obese women up to her neck in tiny hot sauce bottles
implying excessive heat is the most important aspect of a hot sauce
My 15 year old autistic acne ridden brother slathers his pizza with that.
Daily reminder that Frank's Red is for plebs and you should feel bad for liking this disgusting shit.
This
ValentinaTabascoSrirachaTapatioEnjoying your typical middle-of-nowhere diner saucesJesus..get some class guys..
Can someone recommend me some good really fucking hot hotsauces?
Dave's Gourmet Insanity Sauce.
sauce?
I WAS BORN DRINKING BLUE-COLLAR HOT SAUCES AND I'LL DIE DRINKING BLUE COLLAR HOT SAUCESYOU GOT ANYTHING TO SAY ABOUT THAT?, YOU CUCK FAGGOT
Literally Reddit: the hot sauce
ITT goyim blissfully unaware of the GOAT hot sauce
meme sauce
whatcha know about this plebs?
this is the GOAT hot sauce for eggs
Get fucked normies
who /pickledjalapenos/ here?
BASED ANONASEDANON
I hope you die that shit is so amazing in fucking tendies LITERALLY no other sauce compares
Confirmed for delicious.
This is more my style.
Yeah nice choice mate. The Blairs range is also good I've found. Luckily I live near a store specialising in hot sauce and chili products so their range is wild and I do not go without.Blairs and Daves are my favourite brands though I guess, most of the others don't have the brand front and centre.Also sriracha is p good imo, but it is entry level. If you go to a bbq at a mates place and all they have is sriracha are you really going to sperg all over everyone's good time with your autistic contrarian ramblings?
tfw sometimes drink hot sauce just to feel something
are you really going to sperg all over everyone's good time with your autistic contrarian ramblings?Don't make me post it.
My new favourite everyday sauce. Blows Tabasco out the water.
I don't know what you're talking about, maybe you should share.The Lynyrd Skynyrd hot sauce does that for me.
Nightly tea thread.What are you having lately?
Any sleep replacement teas? I'm looking for a substitute for my usual 20 oz. Red Bull and 5 hour energy cocktail.
Chai tea with a bit of milk added and no sugar.
I don't think there is a good energizing tea. You might look into a caffeine & l-theanine stack. Cheap and works wonders for some people.
im going to make my tea brb
Gunpowder organic.
Try a dark gunpowder tea, they are very potentProbably reducing caffeine intake is a good idea as well, roasted green teas are energizing without the caffeine
tfw a bunch of tea in the house but none of it is good
tfw trying to get used to tea without sugar tfw it's not as good
iknfb
so how you guy's week been?i got my first gf since kindergardenand i shaved and started to bath more often
I would shave if it didn't make my face look like a foot.
Consider yerba mate. It's the South American way of life!
What magical properties will I obtain from drinking Yerba meme?
you can practically taste the displaced shitskins with each sip.
Caffeine is what ye seek, and caffeine is what ye will find.Also, people will marvel at your drinking apparatus.
Felipe?
French vanilla coffee is pretty good and I've been told french vanilla tea is pretty good too. Consensus?
i ran out of vannilla is my favorite teai have some cinnamon tho im drinking that right now
Good except for financial problems causing me tons of stress. My income will double in a few months but for now it's a pain. Congrats on the gf. Don't forget to regularly do nice things for her for no reason.
Good except for financial problems causing me tons of stress. My income will double in a few months but for now it's a paindont worry anon everything is going to be fineand if the stress is too much you can allways leave everything behind and start a new life wherever you wantDon't forget to regularly do nice things for her for no reason.i know i been educating myself in the girlfriend thing so i think thats why i got onetnks for the advice tho
Two bags of green tea with a tiny packed of Stevie throws in. The little bit of caffeine doesn't usually cause me to not sleep
Breathe in right away
Nothing seems to fill this place.
I need this every time.
Cause I'm a loser.
Sooner or later you know I'll be dead.
You're getting closer
To pushing me off life's little edge.
, 
What are some NEET friendly mmorpgs? Free to play
runescape
Not op but ones that aren't pay2win and only have cosmetics or whatever would be cool.
there are no good free mmorpgs. Use your neetbux and buy a 1 time payment mmorpg
The gym
No f2p mmo is fun.
I'm already fit you feg fuck off
I spent the entire day out of the house and I feel really shitty for it. I should have just gone home. I also wrote my suicide note in case it ever gets to that. How are you all doing
fuck off tripfag normie
rude
I also wrote my suicide note in case it ever gets to that.Post it
What's the use in tryingAll you get is painWhen I wanted sunshineI got rain-meI want to irritate everyone one last time with smash mouth lyrics
Jesus fuck.You deserve whatever misery you get.
Agree 100 percent. I hate myself
Today I had my friend over. We went out for lunch and played vidya all afternoon. Still feeling like crap for some reason. Uh, I at least I did something...
Thats good, doing something usually helps
Been waiting for this thread to pop up i need to vent.get a job offer a week and a half backwas very fucking clear about my work historyguy who ive been getting the paperwork sorted with is on leaveim dealing with some other fuck who basically has no clue what is going on and my paperwork is going nowherejust started sending out applications again because im convinced this shit is just gonna continue to get worseforced to stay around this mess because its not everyday that you get job offersfor the past week i completely shutdown after 4pm because i know the office is closed so i wont be getting any phone calls or emailsI just want a fucking job
Well thats fucking shitty. At least eventually you'll have a job though.
Dude shady shit happens i have no doubts that theyll just up and give up if my paperwork isnt fixed soon and just move on to the next candidate.Shit isnt even my fault. Im extremely fucking jaded about this stuff because even when i do get the good end of the stick my paperwork still ends up fucked up.
Well thats fukcing bullshit, i'm sorry man :
I woke up with a uti. It's pretty unbearable, so I'm going to have to go to the pharmacy, and will fill out my prescription for meds while there.Effexor certainly isn't making me any worse. I can feel myself lifting out of the suicidal haze I've been in for the past 3 weeks so that's good. I still don't want to do anything and have to listen to my dad sigh and call me lazy when he comes home from work, but that's fine I guess.I hope it comes round soon for you, skelly my man. If it's at suicide note point it might be best to go to your therapist or something... that said, I have like 10 or so of them written, and I'll never do that to my family so they're as much for pure venting than anything. If you use them like that, tear on I suppose?Well that's gotta suck. I don't understand how all these places can be such a clusterfuck. It's happened to me several times before, man. It blows. Is there any way you can spell it out for the fuckwit that can't into the paperwork? I've had to do that before. Like - 'you need to do this, then this, then I'll sign this...' etc
I just feel so alone and pathetic. I don't know how much longer I can handle it.
At times, I can know that feeling. I don't really enjoy the company of others terribly much, and am probably way too picky with friends since getting burnt many times.Just so you know, if I ever heard that anything bad had happened to you, it'd really hurt. I've chatted to you in basically every one of these threads, and it means so, so much to me that you always reply and genuinely care. I don't really know what to say, since I know that realistically words mean shit all when you're feeling that fucking low.You can always message me on steam. I'm that fag that added you, with the pic of a euphoric gentleman.
Also, when I feel at my most pathetic, sometimes it helps to think - "well, at least I'm not Chris-chan..."
Thanks man, that legit means a lot to me. If I wasn't lying in bed I would message you. Unless I can do it from my phone we'll see.
That's all good. I'll message you tomorrow or something, since I'll be running to the pharmacy soon before it closes and I know it's late in murrica.
my suicide note is really more of a suicide book. I'm not finished with it. I'm going to off myself when I am done with it. It's one of those journal things, the books with blank pages you're supposed to fill out that I stole from a book depository. As for me, well, I'm still wallowing in nihilistic self-hatred. I woke up at my sister's house today with no memory of how I got there. she agreed to give me a ride home and I spent the rest of the day napping and trying to sleep. I swear I'd sleep forever if I could. Had my first wet dream today, so that's gotta count for something. Anyhow, I've been meaning to pick up some philosophy books. An anon in one of these threads suggested Kant and Kierkegaard, but if anyone has any suggestions for well written stuff that helps beat out the nihilism bug let me know, because I am obsessed with it. I'm always either thinking about killing myself or how purposeless and meaningless everything is. It's a big part of why I continue to write in the suicide note I've got. I want to stop, but seriously, if I can't find a way out of this bullshit I'm just going to keep going until I finish it.
tfw ruin everything because you want to be miserable and fucking dietfw also do not want to die but continue ruining everything becausetfw if you ever feel happy you feel something's wrongfuck
I played online games with my online friends, and we had a blast. I still want to kill myself. Still can't call the therapist.I hope I die tonight. Not even overly sweet jpop can lift this horrible fog.
Not knowing that song was just a cover of a song by The Monkees
i snorted some h. i dont even really get euphoria from it but my day was sucking a lot until i did
I love heroin. Crack is cool too, but they're awesome together. Shoot some dope and take a big blast off the crack pipe right after.
I'm going to kill myself tomorrow. I won't be leaving a note.
sounds pretty fun but i dont want to hurt my brain. is iving a must to get euphoria?
It's really the best way to do it. Doesn't hurt at all, the needles you use to IV are super tiny compared to the ones you use to get blood drawn. Watch a few videos on how to start an IV to get an idea of how to do it. Basically you put the tourniquet on, pump your arm, then use your fingertip to feel for the vein. It feels 'springy', you'll know what I mean when you feel it. Go in at a pretty shallow angle, then when you break the skin, pull back a little on the plunger. It creates a little vacuum, so when you hit the vein, blood will shoot into the syringe. When you see the blood, push down slowly. That's really all there is to it.
please don'tthese threads wouldn't feel the same without youand I love these threads
it makes it a lot easier to get it. unlike the anon you replied to I don't think crack is worth it. I really don't understand how people destroy their lives off it. If you are gonna do dope, it's only worth it to bang it.
What are your motives for not leaving a note? Honestly, I'd rather write one just for a bit of closure for myself. I hate having open ends.
not ending with "my time here is ogre"
i dont know why i dont really get much euphoria out of this to begin with, i should be just about entirely opiate naive. even if i did have a syringe and needle on hand im not sure i would actually try iving, i shouldn't need to given how little ive used opiatesi dont want to bang it it would feel too dirty. i also dont really want to waste a ton of money on getting buzzed either so i guess maybe h just isnt for me
It's not worth it at all, but I love the high. Did it a couple times and I got that one amazing bellringer, and I've been hooked ever since.
I guess maybe h isn't for meIt's not for anyone, actually. I pretty thoroughly destroyed my life with it and it didn't exactly help with the depression or psychosis.
tfw you actually like smash mouththeir first album is a good ska punk album

Iktf bro. All too well
Welcome back Skeleton. I like to follow your threads. How's your job going? Had to take any more days off?
Do you think it would be less cruel to tell your parents that you were moving to some unknown town and getting a job and an apartment because you needed to experience independence and pretending you just left when you go to kill yourself would be better than leaving a suicide note and a body?
yes
I just realized this is dark sarcasm.
Nah. We were talking about how hard it is to work when you're this depressed.

i was hoping it would motivate me to do stuff but it isnt even worth ruining my own life over thus far
Some days apart from the ones where I feel empty I feel great and but it only takes the slightest thing to feel miserable for the rest of the day, do you know this feel op?
I need to vent /r9k/Couple of months ago I went into psychosisEnded up in a mental institution for a monthGet diagnosed with schizophrenia Come out of psychosis and carry on livingPeople keep telling me to get a jobTell them I'm lookingActually be sleeping from 1am till about 3pmtfw life is only slightly more appealing than death
yeah its still not clever even if you knew that it was by the monkees
My prose as well as my speech has become progressively more trite and stilted over the past year or so. I'd rather my family didn't have empirical evidence of my neurocognitive decline.
I know that feel, bro. I know it well. Literally the only difference between your situation and mine is our diagnosis. I'm schizoaffective.
Your vocabulary is a hell of a lot better than mine, and stilted writing is the best for clear, concise messages.
I never really liked the idea of making a suicide note, though that might only be because I've not given it much thought. It just seems like I couldn't ever make it come out right no matter how much work I put into it. It would just seem too...dramatic, or possibly whiny. I just don't see myself writing something like "oh godd the pain of living is 2 much I've been wronged all my life goodbye crool world :". It's just silly. I think that, at best, I'd just leave "sorry for the mess." It's a shit attempt at being funny, but it makes me laugh, and besides, I really would be genuinely sorry for whoever had to find me and then scrape me up.
Read Buckminster Fuller. He's the opposite of nihlist, he's totally utilitarian and practical. Its a blend of philosophy and logic- check out Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth
we'll get through it one day, brother.
met my dad for lunch for the first time in months are you okay?are you sleeping enough? are you eating well?fuck off dad
tired because hungrytoo tired to make food
wheres your snacks at
You should write out the lyrics in a long and emotional style so they don't even know they've been shrek'd until longer after.
All I have is ramen that requires cooking over a stove.
Resitting a driving test next week. Need my license for a job. But I bet I'll fucking fail again, the criteria is so damn strict and the testers seem to use no discretion.
Tfw normally depressed but around summer it gets really bad.Just got out of school for the summerfuuuuuuck.jpgfirst night and I already fucking hate myselfOn a different note, any of you anons ever felt like perfectionism is the root of your issues? I figured out all of mine stem form it.
If I kill myself, this is how I'm going out
what state/country
in other words, you're never going to kill yourself
pic related
family tells me to help out with a HS grad party type thing where I try and tell people what to dopanic and shut down ignoring all sources of contact.I don't do well when things are required of me.I just want to not be needed or wanted, thats all I want anymore.I realize perfection is unattainable, I used to want to be adequate where people recognize I'm not complete shit but I'm not some sort of overachiever. Unfortunately I've realized I'm complete shit at everything except lifting heavy things which doesn't make for a good life.
ITT: things that love you if you're nice to themcatsdogsbabiesIf someone posts "girls," you know they're trolling and should best be ignored.
Children sometimes. They're the only humans I don't want to murder. I'm convinced sex makes humans into demons.
he thinks children aren't even bigger assholes
girlssharks
YOUNG children. Not older shitty preteens.
They aren't. Children and animals are incapable of malice.
i dont know how to talk to babies. i just wave at them and say hello
OP's pic gave me a boner
OP admits he loves babiesMODS!MOOOOOOOODS!
Me  It's a blessing and a curse
I miss my dogs.
inb4 "hurr cats don't love you they just act like they do so you give them food"
You obviously haven't worked with children. 95% of them are assholes from the start. The other 5% are ignored and have no friends.
Holy fuck you people.Children are scum.I bet you guys are pedos and have restraining orders against children and haven't been near one in some time.All those mean things adults think of that they keep inside to be polite, children will just say/do without hesitation. They don't give a fuck about anyone but themselves and you can't do anything about it.Ask them politely to stop being a jerk, they'll do it even more just to piss you off.
My hand.
animals are incapable of maliceYour kitty cat would be slaughtering rodents and birds if you didn't feed it out of a paper bag.
chicken tenders
I adopted a fat old probably sick cat from the humane society at the beginning of this year, and I've done nothing but give him love and I honestly believe I'm this cat's favorite person. He's so sweet, follows me around, sleeps with me, everything a loving cat could do. It really helps to think this cat loves me as much as I love him.
Very young children are not scum. Even the ones that will grow up to be cunts are sweet as sugar when they're like 3 or 4. It quickly goes downhill from there though.All those mean things adults think of that they keep inside to be polite, children will just say/do without hesitation.You're mistaking honesty for malice. The honesty of children is refreshing. They haven't yet learned to lie 100% of the time like a faggot adult yet. And I'm the person that said I'm convinced sex is what turns adults into monsters, so I'm definitely not a pedo. The sexlessness of children is exactly what makes them not shit. You sound like a total fucking autist.
people seriously think children arent assholesbabies arent even old enough to give a fuck at least
that's not really malice though, it just wants to eatagreed. kids are real shitbags, you'd think a board full of people who got bullied in school would know this
it just wants to eatnope, cats love to play with their food first
The honesty of children is refreshingYeah, being told I was fat and ugly was totally what I needed to hear.
Stop being fat. You have control over that, suckass.
Go fondle another kid.
have hormonal acne when I was 17Every child I met asked about my boo boos or my bumps EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED TO HEARMy self confidence was frequently destroyed by children when I was younger because they kept pointing out the acne that I couldn't help having. Although some kids said I was really tall strong and cool and that boosted my self confidence. Children are too honest.
And why do you think people are dicks? They just want to entertain themselves. No different than a cat tossing a little mousey in the air before eating.
Cats love to torture the mice and birds for fun before they eat them.
ITT: things that love you if you're nice to them
There is no such thing as too honest. There is only such thing as too flawed. Your parents shouldn't have bred. If we had a breeding program we wouldn't need lies. Humans are lazy and stupid and wicked though, so instead we're stuck in a hell that everyone keeps lying about being paradise. The children aren't to blame. They simple show you how fucking atrocious your world looks. You hate the messenger. You should hate the creators of the shit the messengers deliver the message about.
tortureimplying cats understand that mice and birds have feelingsimplying they aren't just entertaining themselves like you would with a ball
Kids also lie about shitWhen that faggot kid says his dad could beat up my dadKids lie all the time just to put others down and appear better than others.Kids use to always say they had a black-belt in karate when I was a kid, fucking always. My school was apparently full of karate masters.They would not only point out truths to make people feel bad, they would make up stuff too.implying my dad wouldn't have beaten the shit out of that faggots dad.
18+ girls tend to act nice if you're nice to them. At least to your face, so there's at least the illusion.
Dude, your issues with children aren't my problem.
implying cats understand that mice and birds have feelingsnot understanding such empathy is considered evil when people act on it, animals should be judged similarly
18+ girls tend to act nice if you're a normieFTFY
letting normies decide what is evil
Cats are fucking evil, but if you keep them controlled their entire lives and they're nice, they can be just good their entire lives. Some cats are just assholes though and some cats wouldn't hurt a fly no matter what.
catsNyet, cats only want you for fooddogsNope, dogs only love the alpha and his/her harem of normies. My dog completely cucked me and barely tolerates my existence but constantly snuggles with my mom and little brother.babieslittle brother hates me, every time he looks at me he cries and pukesNothing or nobody will ever love me, there is no exit. No way off this ride.
, 
Hey bro, we're going to the club. You ready?
spending possibly up to $100 just to get in, plus paying ridiculous amounts for drinks, just to listen to shitty top 40 music and get laughed at by slutswhy would anyone do this? much more likely to get a slut to fuck on /soc/, or even here. still not very likely, but at least I don't have to spend hundreds of dollars or interact with people I hate, and I get to pick the music
the girls are 100% of the time hotter than any girl you'll find on 4chan. hot girls respect money and guys that are dressed and groomed well. these kinds of guys usually show up with girls and that gives other girls in the club social proof that this guy passes a bare minimum. who you go to the club with matters.
Usually it's only $10-20 to get in most clubs. Girls are drunk and lots dgaf what you look like and will talk to you if you approach them. Go with at least one other person so you don't look like a loser.I usually just drink and smoke cigarettes in the smoking area.
Why not just pay a hooker then? Same end result.
Just a sec, lemme get my tracksuit
are you kidding me? most of the club skanks I've seen were fat/old, and the few who aren't are probably just there for free drinksstill have to overpay for the drinks, listen to shitty music, and even a drunk girl would reject a guy like me IRL. webcams hide my flaws, which is why I'm able to get a landwhale once in a blue moon. otherwise, I'd probably still be a virgin
Hey bro, we're going to the club. You ready?Naw, I'm just gonna stay home and play video games.Alright, cool, have fun!Yeah, you too!This is how you have a reasonable, human interaction with people who have different interests than you.
IM NOT YOUR BRO
for the conquest. the fact that you're wooing a top tier girl into bed. the fact that this girl will likely be girlfriend material that you can brag about to other people? do you guys even consider the evolutionary biology at work here? hot girls hang out with hot girls, high value guys hang out with high value guys.
a lot of them are attractive, you must've went to an old person's bar. you can find high quality non-landwhales at a club, or just easy girls in general.
Sorry ol chaps; I have a wife and kids to take of.Have fun at the club!
implying you're going to find girlfriend material at a clubenjoy getting cuckedmaybe if you're Chad, not if you're a fat, unemployed autist
theyre going to clubim getting ready for worknot everyone gets to have a social life
it's a possibility, whether you meet her in a club, a bar, a party, in class, online or other, you have no idea whether she's girlfriend material unless you talk to hernone of the guys in the OP look fat or unemploed, so yeah that probably helps.
Hey bro, we're going to the club. You ready?n-n-naw, I'm just gonna stay home... and play video gameslmfao loser ass virginy-you too!
this. chads won't accept this level of being a loser, none of them would ever accept you openly choosing games over a club.
No, but I suppose I'll come along regardless..
notice how most of us have suit jackets and dress shirts? make sure you dress appropriately.
Guess I'll stay home and actually enjoy myself then.
replying seriously on 4chinsI don't even
, 
My fellow Roasties,How the FUCK do we compete with this?
surgery
Get good at oral so he doesn't need to go near your vagina.
They have 2 for one special on deli meats
You don't. You stop posing as robots and get the fuck out, continuing to act like the sluts you are wherever you slut it up.
tfw I married an innieRoasties btfo
I'm sure they're all lining up to marry you...
No contest
that's really not that appealingvaginas puff up subtly when she's turned on staring at that photo is analagous to a girl staring at a flaccid penisit's not arousing and she's clearly not enjoying being photographed
You will never have a natural ginger gf
I did once. It was aight.

stop trying to speak for men when you're clearly a chickfuck off mudflaps
apartment neighbors get cat for her birthdayI hate catsrules say no petscall landlord 3 times from 3 numberspretend to be 3 irritated renters complaining about catlandlord comestells girl to get rid of cat or get evicted girl crying hysterically guy storming up and down hall trying to find out who snitchedmfw watching trough security peephole in my door
that's the /r9k/ I know and love, diabolical madmen out to destroy the normie menace one normalfag at a time
I live to deal justice to normies
mfw they fuck your shit up sooner or later
Get gfshes amazing but depressedalso obsessed with gymmakes me feel like shit even though most of my good looking female friends hit on me regularly because I don't have a 6 packwant to break up with her even though shes hot as fuck from all her gym shit and I still love herYou robots will never know the feel
how about you start working out, faggot?
implying I haven't been working out 3-5 days a week for the last 6 months but she isnt satisfied with my progress
So wait, I don't get itYou've got a gf who's more /fit/ than you and she makes you feel like shit because she isn't satisfied with your progress? I'm jealous, she sounds tsundere for you bro
Yes exactly, She's Tsundere to the point where she makes everything negative and how I could do it better to the point that I want to break up with her. She's deeply in love with me but shes trying to intrusively mould me into her idea of the perfect man.
fuck off normie
Mine is the same, except with academics. Which is funny, because I am very fit.
tfw 5'11" and 160somethingstarted doing Greyskull LP on a 3 day splithave nobody to go to the gym with and I just work out by myself in silenceI'm kinda jelly faggot, why you whinin'? Give me an example of how she makes things negativeI had a gf like that except she wanted to mould me into a college boy rather than a swole mass of strength
what.
That's not what that picture means. Please delete that edit immediately.
agree with this guymost women will try to tear you down and turn you into a punk. OP found the opposite, it's like listening to a turd complain about being polished.
I had a gf like that except she wanted to mould me into a college boyI'm literally in this situation right now.
Yeah well if you value your relationship with her and you don't want her to put the pressure on so tightly, don't blow up on her like I didtfw
get back here OP
normalscum threads go in /adv/
she sexted one of my best friends asking him to fuck her because he had abs. She also told me that was why she broke up with me for the one week period when that occured.
no whey
bahahaha, imagine this is reverse and its a dude trying to force working out down his GF throat and being unsatisfied with her results.it would be SJW nuclear meltdown. OP is beta cuck.
depressiongoing to the gymfucking normies thinking they're depressed
You made me smile, Anon.
Yeah but still, I'm seriousif she's "motivating" you with the threat of cuckolding then I'd leave her ass and go solo mode, son..but that's just how I'd carry it
what a fucking amazing series
I tried to tell my ex to go to the gym with me a few times. That just assured the fact she will never go. Saying shit like she likes being fat and I should love her no matter what she looks like.
Yeah I started rewatching it for like the sixth timehref="#p19303563" class="quotelink"my chubby ex would go for bikerides inb4 cardio kills gains with me, but it would be sweet to have a gf who's interested in forming her legs and glutes
Not OP, just a connoisseur of puns~
Is this OP? What the fuck?Deeply in love with meSexted my best friend and wanted to fuck himWhat?
Literally the gayest picture ever
tfw no one to cuddlefuck
tfw gf has a bigger dick than yours
has penis but is a girl ebinis this the memes threadCUCK fedora Mom when do I get tendies topkek
enabling the mentally illeither get a real woman, or just admit that you're gay and start fucking guys
Hey, robots. Why do you deserve a girlfriend or boyfriend for you homobots more than Chad or Jamal?
people deserving things is just a meme
No one said they did faggot
I'm nicer and more good of a person. I do my best to make sure I please every person I run into.
No one said they did, and people admitting they don't is why people become robotsHowever, a true robot is someone that knows that there is no personal improvement they can do to ever be able to fit in with societyWe are all biologically programmed to want a beautiful partner, and when you're biologically sentenced to never achieving that, you live here.
Chad is a doctor who travels overseas to help children in impoverished countries in his spare time, while Jamal teaches art and music classes to inner city children when he isn't managing his multimillion dollar startup. Both are at least 6'4", with athletic builds, making 500k+ a year, and their large cocks, they always leave women satisfied.
Sauce on image?
Beauty is subjective. You could find a partner if you really wanted one.
Knowing something and just strongly believing in something but being wrong are two different things. Robots can change for the better, but they're unwilling to make the necessary effort and so instead convince themselves that they're powerless with excuses
Just break my self destructive thought process down fam
Soul Caliber girls bust chart. Not sure if official.
Yeah, but there are also people on this board with literal disfigurements and ugliness that can't be cured with "effort"
Effort brings money. Money fixes that shit. Try doing something for a change.
is the part about the black supposed to be ironic?
Everybody deserves to be happy. If bad people had happy lives they wouldn't be bad people.
Thank you
Because blind loyalty.
have you ever gone outside? "yeah bro just make bank, everything will fall into place then"
That's where your wrong. You have to give back like Chad and Jamal
JUST
DO IT
ebun thread
yesterday you said tomorrowGet out of my head
MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE
that comickek
spend 2 hours working on javascript at codecademyspend 10 hours after that playing DestinyHelp me
the funny thing is he was just reading a middle school essay
What did Spielberg and Lucas do to him
How do I talk to girls?
With your mouth
You move your mouth and vibrate your vocal chords and form words.
H-hi, I'm using my thinky thoughts

if you intend to get anywhere with a girl you have to be at least 6/10 and even then you'd need a good amount of charisma to back it up
How do I talk to girls?Practice
watch how nomies talk to each other in youtube videos done
this. copy interviews
you don't /thread
why would you?
be attractivebe talltalk to girlsYes OP, it's THAT easy :^
be attractivecheckbe tallchecktalk to girlsnope
Post face. You're probably an uggo whose mother complimented him too much.
dont compliment them. if they have colored nails ask if they're real, or tell them that their real color roots are showing through their colored hair. basically look through them and tease em on not being a goddess, because that's what they get treated like all day by betas
how would being ugly prevent me from talking to girls?
You're right, women care about the content of your character. All you have to do is be yourself!
The exact same way you talk to guys. Decent women don't want to be treated specially because of their vaginas.
It's not that fucking hard. You call people chads because you lack basic skills.Be confident in yourself. Know what the fuck you exist forthe answer can't be to get a gfMake compliments that are almost insults called teasingI could say more but I'll get ree'd out
those are both true, but that doesn't answer my question
The exact same way you talk to guys
implying I can talk to guys without drowning in spaghettigo home, Norm, you're drunk
I could say more but I'll get ree'd outplease continue. I promise I won't ree
Be confident in yourself. Know what the fuck you exist forthe answer can't be to get a gfbut what else is there?
You don't talk to a girl unless she is holding a sign indicating that she wants strangers to talk to her.
I don't know anon.I'm almost 25 and still don't fucking know ok.
Women care about facial aesthetics, height, social standing, wealth, and power. You don't have an attractive face, which is why you're deemed "creepy", "weird", or some other similar buzzword and ignored by females. If you're lucky, you might be able to attain one or more of the latter 3 qualities and attract female attention, but I wouldn't bank on it.
by not giving a fuck about their single though or word
Make compliments that are almost insults called teasingHow is that "basic skills"? sounds like some random PUA tactic.
just do spiral eyes brah
You don't have an attractive face, which is why you're deemed "creepy", "weird", or some other similar buzzword and ignored by femalesat what point did I indicate any of these things were the case? I've never been called those buzzwords
teasingI really teased this one girl when I told her "I would never fuck you I mean I would but not like that I mean you are really great and all but I could never just fuck you and be done with you I'd date you but I'd never just fuck you I'm not that kind of guy." even though I really wanted to fuck her.
Not to your face. Females aren't confrontational enough.
jej
kek will do
and why are you so convinced that I'm facially ugly? you seem to be under the implication that I've actually tried to get laid, and failed due to ugliness. whereas in reality I never tried in the first place
that doesn't even answer his question, he's saying how would his looks effect whether he has the social skills to actually get laid or not which he obviously lacks
Well, then we've spent 20 minutes on absolutely nothing, haven't wee?
Volume is critical. You want to use your diaphragm to really project your lower register, and establish psychological dominance from the start. Keep your sentences brief, and commanding. Ask no questions. Touch her face and arms, frequently, and with both hands at once. Soon she will submit to her primal instincts and her womb will be yours.
Just be yourself
B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF B URSELF
Alright fuckers are gonna give you red pill bullshit. But if you don't respect girls at the basest of levels. Being a guy is still the best they won't respect you. Confidence is not douchery. It's knowing you're living your life to your pleasure. Do you browse r9k all day? Fine. If you're satisfied with that act like it. Confidence comes only from yourself being independent of othersMake a plan for yourself. Have dreams. Have hobbies. Know that you could be doing something aside from talking to them and have fun. Otherwise you look needy
Stupid question, stupid answer. He might as well have asked, "Why would the sun's temperature prevent me from living on its surface?"
Bullshit, girls will crush ugly guys you fucking normie.
Sorry it might not be basic. But it's my tactic. I'm the guy who just picked a cutie on omegle by making fun of her the whole time
Confidence comes only from yourself being independent of othersBut normies and women are a literal hivemind, even Chad is hardly a special snowflake.
no, but you've certainly implied some hefty implications due to thinking that I'm just another failed normie, as opposed to a true robot
except that looks don't affect social skills at all, and vice versa
STFU about shit you don't understand. R9K is more of a hivemind than the real world you fear so much. Learn to be comfortable with your fucking life. I browse a dumbass board but I don't care if people know I do, because I enjoy it and fuck anyone who has a problem with it, and that's the difference
Ok, so I have a GF.I'm about 6 foot, handsome, manly looking guy.I know what it's like to be awkward as fuck and spill spaghet and have been diagnosed with social anxiety. The times I've been successful socially is when I feel confident, assured in myself and as a result take more risks. Like being funny and not being afraid of saying something dumb. Being able to bounce back after saying something dumb too.Listen to what people say too and let them talk about themselves sometimes. Be real.It's hard to teach these skills but practice helps. I think it's good to exude a sort of care free assurance with yourself and the world. That's attractive and makes you "fun'. Hard to do with crippling anxiety.Oh and personally, weed is probably the worst thing for me socially as I usually get even more neurotic and can't keep my thoughts from overpowering how I feel. Alcohol is great though for killing negative self talk and lowering inhibitions, but this has led me to fucking up relationships when overdone.
how do i talk to guys?
Confidence comes only from yourself being independent of othersfuck no, im independant and support myself and no, i dont have confidenceconfidence comes from having a good childhood with happy parents
You wouldn't even need to, just spread your legs and wink a few times.
This is a damn good question. If a girl ever went up to me and asked me out I would be so stunned and blind sided. I would just be so overwhelmed by her confidence and in my face attitude that I would just be disarmed.
You can't honestly expect me to believe true robots are the majority here. Just being cautious. looks don't make up for poor social skills implyingIf you want to take another route,be uglytreated like shit by peers growing updevelop mental issues and social dysfunction have poor social skillsbe attractive treated well/have friendsdevelop normal social skills
I'm about 6 foot, handsome, manly looking guy.
Self-sufficient and independent aren't the same. I hate to use the term soul searching cuz it's so fucking stupid, but a bunch of robots are aspirationless betas. And without aspirations aside from tfw no gf they look like a deadend to all girls.
I never said anything about that. The question was how, not whether or not you're capable of it.
literally exactly how youd talk to a dude. a cool dude. not a shitty one.
how about a third choicebe attractivestill have shitty social skillsstill a virgin
thats true i guess, i dont have any aspirations and when i do i just get discouraged quickly and abandon themi have no passion, no nothing and i dont know why, i barely finish things, when i look at people who always knew what they wanted to be doing when they grow up i want to make use of my helium tank
Which words?
Would it be a red flag?
What if I'm attractive but I distanced myself from people and I actively avoid people because I had severe trauma in my lifetimeA good part of my family died all within a 4 year time span, I lived with a dog for a year when I was 15 and everyday it attacked me but I still fed it and cared for it because I was poor, I got beat up by local gangs until I was 14, and I got tortured by a group of large black men when I was 8 .
fuck off roastie
implying my intentions for wanting to talk to a guy is to just have sex with him/date him and not have a friendship that would maybe lead into something more serious
penn_jillette.jpgDude's like 6'6"
How about a fourth?live in fantasy landswim in chocolate rivermake snowmen out of powdered sugarfart rainbowsVoluntary avoidance isn't the same as rejection. But if you did want to rejoin society, you'd be treated well due to your hypothetical good looks, where as a child of ugliness would be rejected for both their looks and actions, leaving him in a stalemate.
that's why he brings out so much trash
but that fourth scenario doesn't happen, whereas mine does
Shit man. That's rough. Figure out an end goal for yourself and start working towards it. It'll do you a lot of goodinb4 an hero
I have friends, a job, and am treated pretty well. I still distance myself from them all but I'm not a NEET. I just have trauma induced social issues.
it's been a long time since i had any contact with a female that wasn't a relative or family friendhow do you cope with void /r9k/?
How do I talk to girls?Walk up to them and press the action button.
be attractiveshitty social skills are considered secondary to arousing physical appearance women decide to fuck you before they've even spoken to youThat's how your scenario plays out in our world.
im trying but its not easy and im getting old, 26 alreadyi fear its too late to get good at anything, most pros started doing their shit in early teens
Women don't just spread their legs and say "Fuck me because you're hot"This is how the whole attractive with shitty social skills thing would go down.be attractiveshitty social skills and make everything awkward and uncomfortable when I do thingsWomen wants to fuck me because I'm good lookingFumble on my words and say something stupidCan't say anything good during bed and make whole thing uncomfortable She gets pissed off and is now turned offShe leavestfw no gf
maybe so, but even if they've "decided to", I still don't end up getting laidimplying I'd even be able to get her in bed in the first placeyour social skills are obviously superior to mine
You do know that people that lack social skills aren't going to be out and about in places where loose women are hanging and looking to get laid right?
Get drunk so you get rid of your syhnessTalk to some girl?????Profit
this, I'm the attractive autist in question and I've literally never been inside a bar/club and have no intention of ever doing so
Women don't just spread their legs and say "Fuck me because you're hot"You're delusional if you think that's true. shitty social skills and make everything awkward and uncomfortable when I do thingsWomen wants to fuck me because I'm good lookingFumble on my words and say something stupidYou're right up until here, but let's try to make this realistic:Woman thinks your "awkward" mannerisms are cute and gigglesDon't have to do anything but grunt naturallyShe won't be thinking about anything but her own pleasure anywayEven if she leaves unsatisfied, you still did what ugly men can only dream about paying forRepeat with the next of several hundred million women who want to fuck youI've addressed that.
be can't drink yet not of age to drink older than 18 thoughbe slavcan't drink yetwhen I turn 21 I'm going to be drunk allllll the fucking timedrunk at vorkdrunk in showerdrunk in carno drunk in cardrunk at girlfriends vaginadrunk at friends housedrunk at funeraldrunk at computerdrunk at 4chandrunk at /r9k/drunk at bardrunk at housedrunk every fucking where I godrunk at doctors office when the doctor tells me my liver is failingdrunk at liver operationdrunk all the fucking time
I know an attractive rich guy who lacks social skills and hasn't been laid yet despite being surrounded by cute asian girls and hot white women. He is still a virgin despite being surrounded by women, being really good looking, being in college, and having a lot of money. Its a real life example of a good looking rich guy with no social skills who can't get laid because he is socially retarded. He could just pay for an escort or flash his money at women but he doesn't. He could talk his way easily into most girls pants but he doesn't because he has no social skills and can't talk to people outside of the close few people he knows.
implying I drink
Companionship is companionship.
Can only start drinking at 21That's awful, I'm glad that in my country you can literally be 13 years old and still buy alcohol
You're delusional if you think that's true.but it is. and even if it wasn't, there's a long way to go social skills-wise from a woman wanting to have sex with you to actually having sex with her
tfw can confidentially talk to chicks but the moment they take an interest in me sexually I drop my spaghettiI should just be Dominican Monk
Can't say anything good during bedtalking during sexuwot?
i have no ideathe last time i spoke with a girl was in 2010
attractiveUnless you have a picture of him, we can't honestly verify if he is genuinely attractive, or if you're simply a friend paying compliments. I'm leaning towards a self-imposed isolation, rather than rejection, as evidence by his few friends. There is no way for an attractive man not to be propositioned on a college campus, unless he makes a point to stay away from other people. If your friend wanted to participate in the "college experience", his looks enable him to jump in anywhere, anytime, regardless of "awkward moments" which only disgust women if you're ugly.Women do go after looks first and foremost, this is not up for debate. there's a long way to go social skills-wise from a woman wanting to have sex with you to actually having sex with herNo, there really isn't. Flirting, dating, playing social games, etc. are all ways of convincing a woman to fuck you, and if she's already decided for herself, then there's only one thing left to do.
You're a robot. An autistic ugly robot. Stop debating for normies. You know nothing of normies. You just pretend to. Stop now.
The hardest part is breaking the ice, without a proper excuse to talk to a girl you are already giving her power over you since she already knows what you want, but in situations of forced interaction I'm very comfortable since the playing field is even and I don't feel like I'm being judged.
If I didn't know so much about normies, I think I might like them.
This.
you hate livingyou don't want to die
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL FACE I HAVE FOUND IN THIS PLACE THAT IS CIRCLING ALL AROUND THE SUN
SOFT AND SWEET
SEMEN STAINS THE MOUNTAINTOPS
Saw them live a week ago. His voice is out of this world
I LOVE YOU JESUS CHRIST
Is it me or is ITAOS the only good thing NMH did?
Just you.On Avery Island is fucking dank.
Ferris Wheel on Fire you fucking ingrate
Literally every one of their releases is at least good
I WISHED I COULD SAVE HER IN SOME SORT OF TIME MACHINE

Get on my Minecraft server if you wanna have an all nighter, Anon.IP: dill-chan.tkVersion: 1.7.10-1.8.6Got Essentials, WorldGuard, World Edit and Marriage.
Is it RP PVE activated?
I miss that sense of wonder I had entering minecraft years ago.suck a dick op
PvE, yes. RP, you can do that too. Freedom, m8
not terrarianot making the city of cuckland
cant connect
Anybody else suffer from "resting asshole face"? Everyone always thinks I'm mad, sad or just an asshole.
this. I get asked why I'm so angry all the time.Recently I went to update my license. I thought I had a pleasant neutral face, turns out I'm scowling and look like a child murderer.
Yeah, i've got these huge bushy kungfu master eyebrows permanently stuck in "i'm going to kill you" mode.I like them, and I've learnt to live with the confusion and fear they impose.
I've actually been trying to smile more, and I've found it takes me more effort than just keeping my face rested in its normal position. It's like my smiling muscles are weak.
its the only reason girls wont flirt with me.. : If i smile theyl be friendly. My resting face is a mean mug
tfw deep set, hooded eyes
you dont need to smile all the time, just dont look like :I
same, but the results are worth it. If you can even do a pretend smile, people will like you more
I also have a very disinterested sounding voice. Even if I care I tend to sound bored.
anon you ok, you look tiredanon, why you look so grumpy?anon you alright?
I have a monotone voice and always look dissinterested.Even when I try to sound enthusiastic it comes off as sarcastic. This makes it horrible when I have to deal with managers complaining about my "attitide" Im giving them. people all probably think Im an asshole
mfw i have all these traitstfw my smile just turns me into a creepy looking mother fuckermy fucking face when I literally got the worst genes from both sides of my family
your extremely attractive when your resting your faceyour extremely ugly when you make any level of expression
You wrote to me once, listing the four chief virtues: wisdom, justice, fortitude and temperance. As I read the list, I knew I had none of them. But I have other virtues. Ambition. That can be a virtue when it drives us to excel. Resourcefulness. Courage. Perhaps not on the battlefield, but  there are many forms of courage. Devotion, to my family and to you. But none of my virtues were on your list. Even then it was as if you didn't want me for your boyfriend.
Oh, Anon, you go too far.
I came here for the replies
Any of you guys have experience with orthognathic surgery? Specifically:Segmental Lefort 1 osteotomy with advancement and inferior repositioningandbilateral sagittal split osteotomies of the mandibular rami with setback and correction of assymetry.The maxillofacial surgeon told me that me lower right jaw grew more than my left. I noticed that that I have a nice chiseled jaw on the left side and a more rounded, curved jaw on the right side of my face, making the right side of my face slightly asymmetrical. On top of that he told me that it is necessary for me to go through with the surgery if I want to keep my teeth as I get older since my molars don't touch and my front teeth are starting to grind on each other. He told me that I would lose my teeth in the long run. Now i'm not the greatest looking guy out there, but I am one handsome motherfucker even with this "deformity", so losing my teeth and looking like a crooked face retard in the future is not on my agenda. So what do, /b/? I kindatl;dr Anybody have experience with orthognathic surgery?
so they're going to have to wire your jaw shut, right? drinking food out of a straw for how long? A month?
yeah pretty much. I was wondering if this procedure will hit with some sort of possible backlash, or what other benefits does this offer other than me chewing properly. Willy the otherside of my jaw chisel like my left?
c'mon robots help me
bump
Pretty funny coincidence. My dad recently had this done. He's 3 weeks in and has to keep his mouth shut for 6 weeks. All he eats is some medical soylent shit and yoghurt.
is his face beautiful? did he acquire perfect symmetry with chiseled jaws?
You're Angle class III. Aka a subhuman with a deformity that only 2% of the population share.Basically you have a posterior open bite and/or underbite and yeah, your surgeon is right. That can definitely happen.I have LeFort I and bilateral sagittal split osteotomy scheduled in less than 20 days. I'm thrilled.Chances are a you are severely overrating yourself and b you will look better after the surgery, given your surgeon knows what he is doing.
what do, /b/?
I don't know about beautiful, he's still a fat old man. But they removed the fat in his cheeks and tightened his skin when they did it, so his face looks crazy weird on his body. But it helped i guess.
i have the same condition, but my doctor told me i wouldnt need to treat it except for cosmetic purposes. i still look ok even though my face is not symmetrical. it's not worth it to me to do the surgery. fuck fucking up my jaw and going through years of braces just to look a little different. yes i chew mostly on the right side of my mouth but if my teeth wear out i'll get caps. id rather do that than cut my bones up and shit
Different dude here, I'm going to be getting a similar surgery, but instead of cutting the bottom jaw like in OP's pic, my upper jaw will be cut and shifted forward. Visually you will look exactly the same. The only reason I'm getting the surgery is because I have basically no molars left due to the way my jaw was formed.Basically, nothing's gonna change visually really. Do it for functionality. And being able to say you have metal plates in your face.Also/b/
Aka a subhuman with a deformity that only 2% of the population share.Fuck is it really that bad? oh and I need sauce for that. I actually heard this deformity is quite common.
what other benefits will I get from this surgery, anon?
Watch out we got a retard over here. Upper jaw advancement [LeFort I osteotomy] can make a substantial different in your appearance.most 4.2%." couldn't find a better source that quick. I've read somewhere else it's 2%. But at most means it's probably lower than 4.2% anyway.
but damn bro did you really have call it subhuman? That shit made me feel like shit. Besides the most recent statistics of its prevalence are from 1974. It could well as be 30% by now
oh and by the way in the case that it should go wrong, or maybe my face is intended to look the way it does now cause of gods way, can I somehow come out looking ugly as fuck? like with a crooked jaw and shit?
be me 15 dentist says I need braces but for some reason the canine tooth on my right hasn't come down in a year.takes x-ray, turns out there's baby teeth remnants blocking its path.says I need surgery to rip open my gums, extract the remnants, and yank my last canine down.I almost pass outunder go 2 hours of excruciating gum ripping surgery. pain lasted for a weekI'm glad that over, didnt want to be missing a tooth forever. My pops gave me neat leather wallet as a reward. Still use it today.
that was a nice story anon
How could it rise from 2 to 30%? It doesn't. Class III dentofacial deformities are almost always genetically inherited. Since underbites tend to look inhuman why should them suddenly - in only one generation - breed that much more than the general, orthognathic poplation? Nah, the numbers are correct. gods waypleb detected.Do it or don't do it. It's up to you man.
I'd be really worried about getting lefort and BSSO advancements and getting them done too mildly. I'd want to get a lot of advancement if I got it done because I think a lot of forward growth looks good.
tfw teeth are perfectly alignedtfw big chintfw chin is somehow strong and recessed at the same timefuckis there any surgery that can help me?
21/m tall strong blonde visiting america from moscos russia looking for relastionship interest in womans and maybe twinks respond to my post with info and email
/soc/
, 
post what you are doing up this latelisting to unknown mortal orchestra and tame impala on pandoradrink sierra nveda double ipa, drunkfinished 8 hour shift at wage slave jobplaying online poker for money, up about 30 bucks
reading this threadlistening to musicwanted to play videogames since 8pm but haven't started a game yettfw only feel like playing vidya/watching movie at like 3/4 AMfug
bump
Sitting at work. I have a 12 hour shift where I'm alone and have literally no obligations. Listening to podcast and shitposting for a few hours then I might watch a movie or jerk off.
trying to hydrate before I go to sleepstressing out because I ate hardly anything today and definitely didn't meet my macroslistening to radiohead and trying to feel feelsalternating between worrying about how I'm going to fix my life and worrying about not eating enough during this bulk
Started working at 7am, missed slursday by the time I got home. Time to fuckin giver
be a fat fuckdon't eat for 12 hoursheadache killing meherewego.jpgstart eatingshit son i can fit en entire watermelon of food in mefeel like i ate 5k calded
My husband is working and I keep his hours. Currently browsing 4chan while watching Parks and Rec.
Browsing /r9k/listening to shitty music trying not to cryI should be asleep
I just got back from a tame impala show.Also I met the band backstageHere's a pic
thats awesomeim jelly
if you want to lose weight don't starve yourself. you just end up overeating once you get around to eating
Kevin was stoked I bought a shirt lol
umotame impala2011+4
I know, I was living in a poor family and could only eat a meal a day,the habit stayed.I can't eat anything before 5 PM.I know in the end it's all my fault but god damn i feel like stopping cocaine would be easier.
okaywhat psychedleci rock do u listen to in this year?
Thee Oh Sees had an okay album, and Pure X had that album last year I guess. Didn't realize people actually listened to Tame Impala beyond the buzz they got a few years back. You go girl.
RIP Ghost
it's only 2:45PMplaying Football Managerwaiting for Oregairu subslistening to Why?
iktfb
ahhh,sorry didnt know we were in the presence of a true patrician, forgive me masterthee oh sees are goodbut fuck off. I listen to whatever gives me good vibes, tame impala are okay at that.
Just got home after spending a night with my gf in a hotel. I have been through so much shit in the past two weeks and it was like a nice vacation. Now I am back here with no air conditioning and my massive debt/bills to attend to. This month is going to be brutal.
, 
, 
Why do you even deserve to have a girlfriend?
Why do I not deserve to have a girlfriend?
otakuhumour.net
You don't match up to Chad.
not writing the filename backwards
why do you even have a roastie? inb4 g-genetics
yes, but I do match up to at least one female in the world. Therefore, I deserve her.
Nice try, buddy. She still belongs to Chad.

Thought's on this song, robots?
Only liked it because of the rugrats movie
I am tiredI am weary I could sleep for a thousand years
I am pepe You're a big guyI could meme for a thousand years
I FIND IT KIND OF FUNNYI FIND IT KIND OF SADTHE DREAMS IN WHICH I'M DYING ARE THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD
OH NO MAN I HAVEN'T GOT THE TIME TIMETOO BUSY SUCKIN' ON A DING DONG
I......don't know...... just where I'm going...
ITT: Your name is in the thread you go to bed.JamesDrakeJoshuaKevinAlex JohnZachary
Fuck it, can't argue with fucking magic
I'm not going to bed, get fucked, it's 4.30pm
axel gawaran
I'm surprised there's no thread on this here.Emma Sulkowicz aka. "Mattress Girl" made an "art" porno. These are the times we live in.This is Womyn in the 21st century.
/6C12490If you don't wanna watch it on her special jew website
who gives a shit
Wait so she just films random out of shape white dudes banging her, then posts it on the internet?Where do I sign up?
Daily reminder that despite everything she's done, she will end up finding someone, marrying, and having children, all the while being successful, famous, and loved
topkekyou mean she'll keep fucking random dudes until shes 35 and her vagina is so wrecked from birth control hormones that she becomes infertile
I can't take anything seriously anymore
the significance behind this video?she keeps saying rape, is she implying she was raped?alsosexbarely any foreplayno rhythm, chemistry, or any kind of sync between the two people at all8 minutesguy leaves the room nakednormies enjoy this shit as a 'one night stand'? I'm no virgin, but sex was never that cold or boring when I've had it.
Enjoying the comments.
bump
succesfulUnfortunately. Either jewish or liberal nepotism will land her some cushy job.
Its shit because a woman made the porno, if a man made it then it would be great.
But it's not porn. It's art. It's also boring as hell and i can't masturbate to it.
eats her pussy for 2 secssuck his dick for 2 secscondomdropped
Performance art is so forces
Here's a protip: real life sex isn't gonna be like a porn shoot
porn is artwomen are this fucking stupid
I've had real sex and it was never that boring or lazy. I guess tumblerettas just don't have basic intimacy in their regular interactions
Heh, protip scrublord: all real life sex is boring and awkward and lasts 8 minutes. This ain't one of your "pornographies" where people have passion or last for more than the length of a television commercial. OK champ, thanks for schooling us on the birds and the bees
HOW THE FUCK IS THIS RAPE? WHAT THE FUCK?
You are raping her with your eyes.
They didn't have chemistryAlso women are very sensual and most men fail at sensualityLikeFuck dude most dudes don't even know what erogenous zones are
Who would want to fuck that manfaced slant

Also women are very sensual and most men fail at sensualityLikeFuck dude most dudes don't even know what erogenous zones arelol please anon. fuck off back to your tumblr blog
Like, literally/tumblr/
dyed hair
ppffftOksay whatever you want, but I highly doubt that when you guys are speaking or expressing yourself you don't use the term, "like" as a placeholderI'm just high as fuck and am writing more strem-of-consciousness-esque then usual.But hey, I'm sure I got on tumblr all the timemfw you think I'm white and in high school too
nigger/tumblr/
I think Emma turned off the comment section
not white means blackJeez dudeYou really suck don't you
ugh this fucking bitchceci nest pas un pipe is a famous painting by Magritte which depicts a pipe. The title means, "this is not a pipe" It deals with map/territory distinctions.ceci nest pas un viol means I guess this is not a rape, but it fails because the video isn't of a rape, it's of a silly evil cunt engaging in consensual spitefucking. I guess it's a poorly executed "hey can we all think about what is and is not rape" wrapped in intro to art appreciation level sub-sophomoric bullshit.God I loathe this bitch
what the fuck
Americans
Slavic Asians
does that video depict rape or not? I can't really masturbate to it until he took off the condom and then it's basically over.
100% of hapa women are disgusting whores
what the fuck
It is not a reenactmentyeah, because you weren't raped
It wont play im on mobile anybody got another link?
LOL, She has fucking herpes my man
can someone just upload the video somewhere or make a webmnot gonna give this attention whore hits
Link is hereHow many of the articles about her "mindblowing" new art project are going to reference this complete takedown of her false rape accusation?
Her dick sucking abilities need more work, she was awful. That sex was also mediocre at best, I dated a fullblown sjw/feminist and when we did it it was way better plus there were interesting dynamics because she's taller than me.
actually, you should stream it all day and night, there are no ads so she's paying for all the bandwidth.jews care about money. spend her's.
Trigger Warning
is triggering
post in threaddiesmake threaddies with no posts
stop your shitposting you normie
posted thread yesterdaywoke up its still there500 replies
This thread will die with fewer than 10 posts.I'm sorry OP.
avatarfag tells me to kill myself againother people start agreeing with himdelete post and hide thread
Fucking anime posters
can't give upcan't win
go get a job at that asian food market across the street bro
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up
unstoppable force meets immovable object tier proverbs and platitudes that mean about as much as me farting into your mouth
lol jus bee yoself bro
fuck this is timely for me.
can't give upp sure I can actually
JUST DO IT
#justdopetweets
you will never be a gay black Jewish transgender pedophile crossdressing dog fucking cuck Nazi with just fuck my shit up hair and 7 metre penis with autism why fucking live?
You've got the last bit down, m8
friends with qt 7/10coworker for 10monthsmake out 2 months agorecently start hanging out more movie dates over at her house etc2 days ago tells me she has herpes26 not beta but not alpha but like her for whats on inside we get along great and i genuinely like being around herwtf do i do?
Well, did she give you herpes or not?
.. Keep seeing her. Read up on herpes its not the end of the world.
No she didnt
Gross.
Did you get tested? This obviously means she was two timing you cuckboy
are we talking cold sores, or full blown herpes? because if just cold sores, then it's no big deal. something like 90 percent of all people get it
not a big deal man just read up on it or somethingI think its like 1/3 of american adults have some form of herpes
All single women your age have herpes and men the statistics are watered down by the young adults, single adults over 25 are 80% likely to have herpes.
coworkerYou don't shit where you eat
over at her housedoesn't fuck26this girl may be the best you can do. make sure she takes her meds. you may be the best she can do now that she's damaged goods. sounds like a win win to me
Chop her up and burn her in the bath.
Full blown
graduate HSspend all summer doing shit with friendsgo to collegesort of make new friendscome back home for summernobody really wants to do anything with youm-must be busy with jobs and such
i was banned on x for posting about religion and spirituality.literally never going on that shit board ever again.every time i go there i get banned.fucking aspie fucks.
No one gives a fuck.
except me*i know, thats why you posted here fucktard.now are you gonna say something of value or just shitpost in an effort to photocopy your existence you useless eater
So you're a redditor that caught on to /r9k/ like it was the new /b/ and thought it'd be a swell idea to go and tip fedoras in /x/'s direction? Well done, you're a massive faggot. Stay mad
Maybe you didn't read the catalog and you were starting a thread that was already there. /x/ has those threads all the time I don't really know how you managed to get banned for that.
the only faggot in this thread is you anon. I'm an outsider so I'm being objective and you can't argue with me.
I am OPWell okay then
.
Great thread OP
 JUST  bee urself
How do you feel knowing that degeneracy is going to be legal in a few years because stoners actually convinced people that weed has medical value?
I'm happy about it. Hell, it'll cut in on my business, and I'm still happy about it. The fewer nonviolent human beings placed in cages for smoking pot, the better. Let's hope it spreads across the civilized world.
Here's your reply
no, it's about to be legal because people are tired of the state wasting trillions of dollars arresting people over a plant. honestly all drugs should be legal, they may be "degenerate", but why should you care about the choices other people make if they don't affect you? it shouldn't be the job of the state to decide what people can or can't put in their bodies, especially when they've proven that they suck at it
Bad b8.
bl@zing it since 9/11 niggas
Just adding a single drop of degeneracy to an ocean of it.
Not even b8. Dead serious.
Already legal here bruh - gonna go smoke a bowl with some hash in it xD

The thing that pisses me off is how we are so close to full blown legalization of marijuana even with complete legalization in some states yet no one will even consider legalization of opium, which is just as natural as marijuana.

You are aware that statement is untrue correct? Opium is as natural as cocaine. Also being natural isn't the reason it is being legalized.
feels goodi like weed
I agree actually, but they would never legalize opium because that would cut into the profits of the cartels, government, and pharmaceutical companies in a really major way
It makes them easier to pick out and avoid.
It was already legal in my country.And still, I never smoked any.
you can get high from the sap of a poppy bulb thoughmight not be straight "opium" but it's close enoughpharmaceutical companies sell analogues of a lot things that occur naturally
weed is good tho
Doesn't matter, civilization's ending anyway.
big pharma would make so much more money if you could just go to a pharmacy and ask for oxy and gov can tax the shit out of itbut no, we're only allowed to drink
true, but then cartels and law enforcement wouldn't make as much money. besides, I don't think opiates should be legal for sale, just possession, consumption, and production for personal use
fuck the cartels and if its government regulated im sure it affects law enforcement. yeah to be honest it would probably be easier to get if it was illegal, pharmacies would always run out, they already do with prescriptions alone
Kurt Cobain is a fucking faggot
I agree, I'm just saying why it would never happen. another problem would be companies slipping opiates into other drugs to make them more addictive, which is what happened last time they were legal. legal home production seems to be the easiest way to deal with many currently illegal drugs aside from shit like meth which is actually dangerous to produce
You're a robot right? Like us? Surely you don't believe all the anti-drug propaganda surrounding marijuana?What's better than video games and weed? Nothing.
, 
live at home while going to collegeAm I missing out? I watch college movies and they all make it look like fun to live on campus, meet qts, and be on your own.
daily reminder. if you are a degenerate,welcome home. indulge in degeneracy.
Degenerate things I do:- Have tattoos- Be NEET- Be disrespectful to family members- Be non-religious- Listen to offensive music and read offensive literature- AnimeLet's hear yours.
-have tattoos-smoke weed & cigarettes -drink alcohol-get ssi when I'm not disabled-drive without registration or insurance -pedo
I WANT A PERFECT SOUL
THE BEST .....
literally their worst song
BUT I'M A LOSER
DONT LEAVE ME HIIIIIIIIIGHDONT LEAVE ME DRYYYYY
THE MAAN WHO SOOLD THE WOOORLD
There, There is the best
everything else off of pablo honey is worse. But basically everything that isn't off of pablo honey is better
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE'SRUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNIIIIIIIING OOOOOUUUUUT AGAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIINN OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH
BUT I'M A CREEP
should have just ended their career herethey are never going to top themselves after in rainbows. king of limbs was shit and everything i've listened to since then live has been terrible.4 minute warning should have been it - the bomb dropped - its all over.
KAARMA POOOLICE
ONE OF USONE OF US
in rainbowsReckoner is surprisingly good tbh
not listening to Paranoid Android
Thom Yorke kinda is an ugly motherfucker
Literally everything but King of Limbs and Pablo Honey were great.
listening to Paranoid Android
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT. THESE TWO FUCKING SONGS, doesn't matter how good of a day I'm having, I hear one of those two songs come on and it's like the floodgates have opened and I'm reliving every terrible moment of my life again. Feels man, the feels. I never was good enough, I'm still not, and the way I think, I never will be
king of limbs was their first album in 20 years that wasn't at least a 9/10. They haven't even had an album since then, so wtf are you even listening to that has been shit "since then?"
ROOOOOOXXXXXXAAAAANNEEEE
i don't belong here...CAUSE I'M A CREEP
Creep is what he considers a "moving" song
ARREST THIS MANHE TALKS IN MATHSHE BUZZES LIKE A FRIDGE HES LIKE A DETUNED RADIOOgets me every time ;-;
Blow out is better than anything on king of limbs and is one the best songs they've ever written. So sick of you fucking newfag milenals who've only heard post kid a radiohead shitting on pablo honey and the bends.
pablo honey not great*unzips fedora*
I'LLLLL TAAAAAKE A QUIIEEET LIIIIIIFE
Treefingers is literally inexcusable.
this one does it for me every time
You're literally right.
Whatever /mu/
literalllyLiterally literally
A HANDSHAAAAAKE OF CARBON MONOXIDE
When will hating things because they're popular become uncool?
NO ALLLLLARMS AND NO SURPRISES
Probably never, it's a pretty easy way to feel superior to people and induce butthurt. I dunno, it seems like it would be annoying constantly trying to stay ahead of the game and remain obscure but to each their own
SIIIIILEENCE
THE GREEEN PLAAASTIC WATERING CAN
YOU JUST SIT THERE AND SULKSIT THERE AND BAWL
Thom hereCreep is our worst song m8s
THIS. IS. MY FINAAAAL FIIIIIT
PUUUULLLL MEEEE OOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT

they've done a couple live songs that are apparently works in progress for their next albumall of it is pretty bad
How did your eye get like that?
MY FINAAALL BELLYACHE
King of Limbs was decentThom Yorkes solo album also was decentbut your right they will never probably top In Rainbows or Ok computer
BROOOOOOKEEEN BRANCHESTRIP ME ASS I SPEEEAAK
NOoOOOo ALARMS AND NO SURPRISES
the eraser was fine, his latest album is really badatoms for peace is ok but thom's not in complete control of that band
Thom hereAsk your mum lmao
Why are Radiohead threads so comfy?
Never tell your password to anyone.Thursday, June 04, 2015eks de: i sung "no surprises" by radiohead in full with another anon on r9keks de: how was your night
because only the edgy faggots hate radiohead and they're all on /mu/
What's that from?
Lets ride it out together.
steam chat
Ingenue live is amazing, Atoms for Peace are pretty damn good.minutes in
IF I COULD BEEEE WHOOOO YOU WANTED
class="quote"yfw people on /mu/ think this is good music
WEIRD
Can someone who frequents /mu/ confirm this? I refuse to believe that anyone would actually listen to this
lol you haven't seen anything yetwill defend this
to be honest some of animal collective's albums are goodtheir live stuff is absolutely atrocious though, it just doesn't work in a live environment, most of it is very sound design stuff that doesn't translate well to that type of environment
/mu/ has the worst musical taste on 4chan. It's an ironic board, and they don't realise it. /mu/'s standard of quality is how unheard of it is. And alot of it is unheard of for good reason.
I... uh... what is this?
literally autistic performers
This.Live Animal Collective is mostly awful form what I have watched. Cannot say anything about what it sounds like actually being there though.
lolno /mu/ is basic as fuck and usually flounders around the few commonly known bands of any subgenre no matter how obscure it isthey're the embodiment of the "list could go on" meme

Anyone have that one video of "feminist music" where it's just a bunch of women chanting and making animal sounds
This is the one that makes me feel hard

Mmmm this one makes me feel that warm kinda of sad that sits at the bottom of your belly


Animal Collective are one of my favorite bands, but their live performances are usually duds. There are a select few great ones 2002 HCTI performance to be specific, and I listen to them every now and then. From Here Comes The Indian to Feels is my favorite run.Anyways what do you not like about it?

YOUD BEEN A DOGGGGTHEY WOULDVE DROWNED YOU AT BIRTHLOOK INTO MY EYYYYESITS THE ONLY WAY YOULL KNOW IM TELLING THE TRUTTTTHSO KNIVES OUTCOOK HIM UPSQUASH HIS HEADPUT HIM IN THE POT
Am I the only one that likes Treefingers
not those anons but it sounds like a bunch of idiots trying to do shoegazey soundscape music but failing miserably at it and adding in autistic shit to fill in their complete lack of ability to play shoegazey stuff.
Anyways what do you not like about it?Every bit of it, Anon. The entire thing.
The opener is Daffy Duck, and it's one of their least-liked songs, if that helps you. I still enjoy it, though. It works a lot better in the context of the album itself because it's in the second half which is a lot slower paced. I don't think it's anything amazing, but it's pretty comfy/relaxing. See their song Loch Raven for a better example of this thing:href="#p19302761" class="quotelink"Why? I didn't like that one at first, but it did grow on me. Why don't you listen to one of their later albums and see if you like it?
Pyramid SongLuckyExit Music For a FilmLife in a Glass HouseThere, There
This. 99% of the music they talk about is popular pitchfork approved garbage while at the same time they have the audacity to call other people plebs. No-one who has seriously been listening to music for more than a few years will discover anything new on that board whatsoever.
to be fair, i can get a lot of recommendations for any style there and most of them i haven't listened tothe problem is with threads like that is i'll get 100+ replies all filled with 5 albums each of shit that i've never heard of and 90% of them are just fucking garbage, or at best just sound like a carbon copy of another band in the same genre.
admit that's way better than the live stuff
album this song is on is pretty much animal collectives best album. it's not like their early stuff, it's more like indie synth pop or something.
That was a bad example for someone who hasn't heard a lot of their music. If you're still interested, listen to either of these songs and see if you like them, if you haven't tried it already. are the openers to their albums Feels and Strawberry Jam, and I love both. Just try them out, you might end up liking them.
The opener is Daffy Duck, and it's one of their least-liked songs, if that helps you. I still enjoy it, though. It works a lot better in the context of the album itself because it's in the second half which is a lot slower paced. I don't think it's anything amazing, but it's pretty comfy/relaxing. See their song Loch Raven for a better example of this thing:i don't like anything they did before starwberry jam, i've listened to it a few times and just hate it.
/mu/ has taken over the thread. Abort. Abort.
Fair enough. If you haven't listened to either Here Comes The Indian or Campfire Songs yet, though, you might enjoy those. You might see them as pretentious, which I can't help, but I at least do enjoy some of their weirder material.
nah i have their entire discog, i'm actually listening to strawberry jam right now because i havent listened to it in yearsi just don't like anything they did before strawberry, it all feels like scattered ideas that don't amount to much
I see. All of their fans react to them in different ways, and no one has to like them all. I don't even like MPP much, honestly.
a bad person because this is one of my favorite animal collective songs
you pretend to be smart but your just an ape a slave to your body your body desire you just want to have sex and have kids and eat shitty food just because your body says so you are a dumb ape and belong in a zoo so i can laugh at you and you laugh at your dumb fart jokes and spend your life trying to get fucked
i know i am a degenertae.idgaf though. plus im betterr then you.
