, 
, 
So, when does this get better?I'm a level 15 elementalist and I find running around exploring and crafting is the best part. The combat itself sucks and seems way too simple. I just upgraded a bunch of my gear and I don't feel the slightest bit more powerful. I still hit for pretty much the same and take damage just as much. Am I missing something here?
No, the rest of the game will feel the same.You do get access to skills with pretty effects that will let you jump around and dash and shit though.Too bad you can't use most of them to jump across gaps and shit because nofunallowed.
GW2 only really gets as fun as you git gud, but there's only so much gud to git. I made a few creative builds, my favorite being the "bleed stack on crit" mesmer build where I'd be stacking up to 15 bleeds all by my self by forming an illusionary firing squad... but yeah, the combat is borderline tolerable at best, all classes play more or less the same, you just find a silly gimmick you like and try not to fall asleep, and that's GW2.Literally the last mmo I've ever felt hype for, I wanted to feel hype for that one pirate mmo but I can't even remember it's name by this point. Archage, I remembered. GW2 is better than archage, so there you go, get used to it that's as good as mmos will probably be for a long long time.congrats on doing one thing, here's a promotion to master sargent warchief supergeneral hardcore murderblaster guy!This promotion does not come with any pay raise or increase in responsibility, it's just something they say to tell you that you finished a minor quest chainOh, I just remembered something else. It doesn't get better, it gets WORSE. GW2 eventually introduces these speedy zombie enemies that might as well be teleporting, and it basically removes all depth, strategy and fun from the combat, and they're the big bad thing you're on a quest to stop so... expect to see them a lot. That's when I quit, when I started running into those on a regular basis, no fun at all.
Level 15upgrading gearIt doesn't matter until you're level 80. You don't really get everything out of your class until max level.
3I'm 25 and in the same boat. It's a dull game, man.
So when does this get betterWhen you uninstall it.
I don't care what anyone says, The Silverwastes map event is fucking fun and extremely profitable.
Personally, I like most of the design choices. I like the idea that the rarity tiers will always remain the same, and no new "stronger" weapons will come out that out DPS a Legendary/Ascended weapon, and that your "gear treadmill" is simply for how you want to look. It's still a significant investment in time and resources to get this end game gear, but it's good to know you'll never have to work that hard for more gear in another expansion. This allows them to make some pretty cool effects on the gear you want to get, to make it worth going for. My main problem though, is that they follow the OLD MMO trope of having a currency for EVERY dungeon. Most MMOs have gone past this, and instead give the same currency no matter what dungeon/raid you did, and you can spend them on any gear or weapon you want. With the way it currently works, if you want to grind one dungeon for that armor you want, you better find people who also want something that dungeon can give. In fact, condensing all dungeon currency into one might encourage people to try other dungeons. You can still get a bonus each time you do one path that day, so it will encourage people to do as many paths as they can a day for each dungeon. At the end of the day, GW2 didn't want to be like every MMO out there, so they tried new things. Some of those things work well, others don't really.
4condensing all dungeon currency into one might encourage people to try other dungeons.What? That would just make everyone do the same easy dungeon over and over again.
9diminishing returnsYou can still get a bonus each time you do one path that day
8Get teleport skillThink I'll be able to have some funInstead I get a "No valid path to target" simulatorI'm still fucking pissed.
Engineer class was the only thing that made me play up to 80, everything else is shit
9Hence he said that there should be 'dailies' to prevent people from grinding one dungeon endlessly. IIRC GW2 already had that in place a few months after release to prevent people grinding missions/dungeons.When I left, people were either grinding one dungeon for money, or another for gear, so it's not as if people aren't already doing that.God, do I miss GW1
3Don't expect any character growth at all. Fighting an enemy at level 80 will feel the exact same as it did at 10. Fuck, being level 80 and going back to fight a level 10 enemy will feel the exact same. Your gear and weapons will look the exact same from 1 - 80, you'll do the exact some quests the whole time and fight the exact same enemies.
0it will encourage people to do as many paths as they can a day for each dungeon.But people already do that because no one cares about dungeon skins but just want gold nowl.
2That shit is the WORST with the flesh wurm. Because now I can't summon it in silly places anymore.
I made a Warrior and was having a little fun, got to about 45ish and haven't been back in a while. The leveling just became super repetitive in a boring way, "did I get all hearts, get all vistas, get all PoIs, get all teleport locations? Okay and move on."Is there ever a point where it becomes interesting, I find the story related quests fun, but not this. Not anymore.
4More like it still follows the RNG portion of the old MMO and you know whats bizarre? THE RNG IN GW 2 IS ABSOLUTELY WORSE THAN ANY OLD MMO I EVER PLAY.8It gets boring after a few straight days of running it and when it's not pack with player, then it not fun at all.
5I find the story related quests funGood news, you quit right at the peak. Up until 50 the story quests are pretty good, then they become absolute fucking trash.
3What, there's barely any RNG besides Engi skills now. Most of the RNG traits are rolled so often it doesn't matter if it doesn't happen once or twice.
5No, when you get to max level, you just straight out run dungeons for gold or do PvP for the track rewards. Because you didn't reach level 50 story yet, consider this a blessing. The story end up being about how stupidly awesome the Sylvari are because the fat cunt of a writer have a giant woman boner for them. It gets a lot worse with this during the living story. A lot, lot worse.Ultimately, the game becomes fashion wars because it generally suck at everything but that.6You run Assassin armor if you want to maximized the RNG trait for the eng, but that isn't what I'm referring. I'm referring to the shit they call the reward in this game and that alone is RNG based. You can work hard for most of your gaming life and never get a precursor drop or a recipe drop in those dungeon, but some bloke that barely know how to play the game can mystic forge it and get 20 precursor because RNG god hate you. The worse offender is the Fractal, where even doing the hardest difficulty give you the most shittiest reward and all the reward in the Fractal is RNG-based. Good luck getting that fratcal weapon/ascended drop because those are like .01% and even if you do get them, good luck getting the one you want because they sure as hell will give you the same fractal weapon you unlock before or a shitty ass Malicious Chest.This thread explain a lot more about this reward issue.
OP here, I will say one positive thing. The zones are pretty nice. Norn starter zone is comfy as fuck as the Human starting zone reminds me a bit of Elwynn Forest, for some reason.It's just the combat, man. So repetitive. sPvP seems pointless to do whilst leveling because it grants no XP either.
9Fighting an enemy at level 80 will feel the exact same as it did at 10.As opposed to every MMORPG ever? This is such a weird complaint people have about GW2. Shit, enemy AI in the game is at least on a rudimentary level compared to most MMOs.
4Level 10 in WoW2 skills and auto attackLevel 100 in WoW10-20 skills, passives and procs to change things up, set bonuses to make things more interestingWoW is fucking garbage, but at least the 'combat' evolves as your character does.
4Not him but your equipment, skill unlock, and your experience will generally one-two shot kill any mobs in the over world. The only problem you will have with a max level player in a low level area are either champs or bounty npc, which both are just damage sponges.enemy AI in the game is at least on a rudimentary level compared to most MMOGW 1 was more advance than this when the mob runs away from you if they are attack by an AoE. Hell, even EVERQUEST 1 have mobs run away from you if you damage them to near death. They don't this a lot in GW 2 and it's because of this is that stacking corners in dungeon is the main meta beside Zerker armor.
7It gives xp thou. I got all my chars to 80 but my main by playing pvp.
8As a level 80 Engineer using a Rifle, I swap between my Grenade Kit, my Elixir Gun, and my Flamethrower, each with 5 skills each. That puts me in the 20 range, and I typically use all the abilities in a solid rotation. I know that isn't the norm for every class, but I'm constantly switching in and out of my kits like a mad man. Makes great use of the Sigil of Battle and Intelligence, giving me stacks of Might and 3 auto crits every 9 seconds.
8And then, you go into raids, and your rotation use 5 skill at best.
It doesn't really get better. I got it on sale for $10 and I got maybe 25 hours out of it before the game ran out of things to do. It's about worth $10.Yea exploring and crafting is pretty much the best parts of the game.
4Yep, but again with procs and set bonuses added in.Whereas going into a dungeon in GW2 and stacking on one spot and using your AoE autoattack and nothing else is way better, right?
5Nope, you're right.I wish I could find a good MMO, and convince my friend to play it with me instead of playing League...
2Good MMOI'm sorry anon, I really am.Give it a few more years. Most big companies have finally given up on trying to kill WoW. They wanna kill LoL now even blizzard kek. When all anyone cares about is shitting out ASSFAGGOTS games, perhaps people who actually want to make good MMOs will be able to have some presence on the market.
5Man, I really don't know how people can just stand in one corner and stack with AoE auto attacks in GW2. I don't get it. Every dungeon I've gone through has been an involved process that requires a lot of movement and some sort of trick. Especially when most bosses love throwing down AoE DoTs, how the fuck can you just stay in one spot? Pretty sure you have no fucking idea what you're talking about.
3Pretty sure you have no idea what you're talking aboutFirst Google Result for GW2 Stacking is a thread on the forum complaining it makes the game too easy and boringNo, you're right. I'm just making it up.
3In fact, here you go.I'm just making it up. I came up with a fake GW2 forum and posted thousands of posts in it myself and made sure it was the top google search, all to fool people on threads in /v/.
5gw2 has procs and set bonuses too, retardput down the memes and play a game before you try to talk about it
1GW2 'Set' Rune Bonuses+ X Stat, chance on hit to gain +y stat for durationWOW!
8OH, it does? When I Google it people just say it gives no XP because you're level 80 anyway. How does sPvP XP work?
7sPvP earns you Tomes of Knowledge, which grant you enough experience to gain a full level.
3Hidden jumping puzzles are the only redeeming part of the game
I always have a hankering for an MMO every now and then but get bored after playing for a week or two, which usually results in me wasting a sub. But GW2 is perfect for that, it's strengths are just fucking around, exploring the world and that sort of thing. I go back to it a few times a year just for a week or two and it's fun. Then when I've had enough I can just drop it until next time.If you're looking for something with meaningful progression and longevity it's not a great choice.
1Oh shit, nice. Maybe PvP combat is better... or something. I don't know. Fuck. I want to like the game and every time I come back the combat makes me want to quit instantly.
8Too bad they make them too easy now because the casuals can't deal with it.Like the Clocktower JP they had for Halloween that had been casualized to hell the following year.
3Learn about combo fields anon, when ever you put down one of those giant as fields, using a combo finisher does a unique effect.An example is when you are in a fire field, use a blast finisher and you and all your allies get 2 stacks of might,The game actually has a lot of depth, it's just sad it's wasted on all the carebears playing it as a transmog simulator.
0In any group content there's usually too much ground graphic clutter to adequately know what fields are active.
0Are combo fields obvious from using skill tool tips? I know if I put a burn on somebody and use 5 Dagger/Dagger it does more damage but I don't recall anything about "combos".
6Claw island is pretty fun, but Orr is fucking boring.
3Yeah, Claw Island is around 50 though.Once you get to Treehern and his Salad Blog, you might as well just stop playing.
3href="#p296527662" class="quotelink"2I miss the marionettes events.
My main problem with the game is there is nothing to do but grind/farm for gold. That's all there whether you are doing dungeons, silverwastes, dry top, world bosses,etc. It's all to get gold. So boring.
3Claw IslandfunIt's literally waiting for the godawful AI to catch up and do their little speeches so you can kill more tedious zombies. It's one of the worst missions in the game. Agree though that from Claw Island on it only goes downhill.
The capabilities of each class don't really kick in till around 30 when you can start getting traitsAs soon as you start actually building up how your character fights then combat gets better
Either play PvP until you rank up enough to start getting level tomes thrown at you. You can use them on all your characters.Or join EotM and mindlessly follow the zerg until 80.The story is shit and the world gets shit when you fight the undead that are everywhere and constantly slow you. Also the final dungeon is a laugh.But it's got some of the best PvP you can get in an MMO market right now.
4Except they fucked it up with their shitty transmog system that destroys the original items.And no town clothes available to collect in the game either.
6Up until 50 the story quests are pretty goodYou mean ~30. Basically when your racial story stops the story goes downhill at the speed of light.
8The pirate one was fucking great.Sometimes I'm tempted to reinstall the game just for the jumping puzzles ... but that's obviously not worth it.
4Yeah, I suppose. But the Vigil/whatever I forgot story isn't the worst. It sucks compared to the racial story yeah, but it's bearable.Soon as Treehern shows up you might as well uninstall though.
2 new zoneseach class gets one new already existing weapon eachWhat a shit expansion
0Is that all?
0But you don't have to pay a sub, that means it's allowed to be shit.Don't you see?
0still can't make a shield + spear hoplite warrior
2There'll be other small stuff, but that's the main shit.
3it doesn't. I could only explore through each zone 1 time and there is really no reason to play after that, even at max lvl. just enjoy whatever you can now, cause "endgame" is just retarded. everyone skips trash using bugs and goes straight for bosses. and even then, the boss fights are just retarded.
Levelling in GW2 wouldn't have been so bad if 90% of zones weren't completely empty meaning you can't do any of the events in them.Since everything is level scaled, everyone just sits in the starter zone doing the same 3 events over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over.If only there was some kind of mechanic so that once people reach a certain LEVEL of power, they need to move on because the same old things don't give experience anymore.
5that wouldn't change shit, you take those 10 players and send one in each zone, and that's it, that would be way worse.
6If you have so many zones that the playerbase can't populate them and so they can't function then you've failed in your game design.
The worst thing about the game are constantly bugged events, i.e. events that don't start or don't progress because some NPC gets stuck. And there's a shitload of them.Something else that sucks is the atrocious writing. It's seriously grade school-tier bullshit. They pull the same dramatic death bullshit a billion times but it never works because the character that dies just appeared in the same mission and you just don't give a shit.The rest are pretty much design choices and if you don't like them, well, the game just isn't for you.
, 

XV will absolutely get a pc release but i am sure it will be atleast three years and probably 5 years after the console release.
2THANKS FOR BETA TESTING CUCKSyou forgot this m8
release it on pc but not on vitafuckers
1hopefully you can turn off the blur
Fantastic. I'll buy the fuck out of it.
Episode Duscae when ?
Are they mistaking Type-0 for Agito?Cause Agito is coming to Windows 10.
2release it on PCnot on vitaL E LELOn a sidenote, it seems lighting returns got cancelled for pc.
Will FFXV get a late throwaway PC port? Yes, it might.
Reminder that Eight a best.
Tried searching for more info, but this is the only site that is talking about Type-0 on PC. Aren't they mistaking it for Agito?
There's no original - HD save transfer, right? Might as well keep playing it on my PSP, fuck replaying it.
NEVER EVER THEY SAID
4it seems lighting returns got cancelled for pc[citation needed]
0coming in springit's summerXIII-2 practically didn't sell at all due to it being an even worse port than XIIIType 0 announced insteadYou don't really need a source to see where they are going with this, unless they are optimizing XIII-3 like hell hah good joke amirite It's not coming at all in my opinion.
0It's been damn 6 months since XIII-2 came out.
9in my opinionSo you are just talking out of your ass. Got it.
9Fuck off retard, the solstice of summer begins the 21th, don't be mad at me because PC players don't buy shit games.
Posting the best girl.9Type 0 announced insteadWhich means they haven't abandoned PC yet and will release LR sooner or later.
4yes
4I'm still waiting on that source btw :^
8I merely stated that it was highly possible due to the course of events, not that it was official, stop being so fucking anal you bimbo.
What the fuck. I just bought PS4 version. FUCK I BOUGHT PS4 TO PLAY JRPGs and those gooks do this shit. I could have upgraded my nvidia for the price of the shitstation.
"Literally who" site reporting that Type-0 is coming to PC.Square Enix has not officially announced anything about a PC version of Final Fantasy Type-0.ayyy
6HA HA
6Falling for the $on¥shill lies in the first place
5they haven't abandoned PC yetLol I bet XIII-2 sales still turned out a profit despite being so low on PC, that port was literally done with sticks, but yeah this pretty much confirms a PC version of XV as well.
9As we know, Square hates to make game announcements and prefers to catch everyone by surprise by revealing games in demos of other people's products.
Type-0 is already playable on PC.
5not enjoyable though
5Type-0 HD isn't.
GLORIOUS PC GAMING MASTER RACE WINS AGAIN
6Mine just arrived yesterday, but I didn't want to wait any more so it's fine. Just pirate on PC if there's any appreciable differences.
1Release it on an alive platformBut not on a dead platform
Every class member dies at the end.Thanks for buying it after us cucks.
0Every class member dies at the end.what happens?
1Magical Disease.
just bought a PS4 for FFXVI don't know why I even bother anymore.
0So butthurt that you have to spoil the gamePathetic
0sounds stupid
6I just give back what you guys gave me years ago.
5Yeah. But there is a problem in my country about the console games. It costs much more than PC ones. For example: bladestrom PC costs 20$ in the steam while bladestorm ps4 72$.  And when you have spent 1000$ for games which could have cost 200-300$ it's make me really mad.
9So basically just your assIt's already confirmed for PC and nothing has changed that until SE says themselves.
0Sure, too bad I'd finished the PSP version before HD was even announced.EveryNot really.
9minus 2
1 beta testing getting exact same thing ps4 owners gotYou don't know what beta testing means.
2Very likely since th entire reason they even did Type-0 HD was to ship it with XV demo
2Nomura was hinting at XV coming to pc 2 years ago at E3Interviewer: Will it be coming to any other platforms besides ps4 and xbox 1Nomura: We are trying to get it on all directx11 devicesInterviewer: So pc?Nomura: We are rying to get it on all directx11 devicesIf it does i will buy a new pc instead of a ps4
6mad cuck detectedthis shit literally writes itself
8
8Nah this is specifically about Type-0 HD coming to PCSo both Type-0 and Agito will be on PC now.
EVERYONE DIES AT THE END
0We already know that in 2011.Also guess you missed this
0They don't die when they are being killed.
I'm to assume a lot of why we're seeing PC ports is from their success with 10 & 14Going based off their last sub total count for 14, they're not that far behind WoW. That's damn impressive for a game that launched with a buttload of issues, forcing them to scrap and re-launch a year later.
6 beta testing getting exact same thing ps4 owners got Only with better framerate...and resolutionBu bu but framerate doesnt affect a fast paced action game!
, 
, 
Just got a brand-new Android and I am looking for great RPG/Strategic gamesDoes anyone know any good game? I remember a couple of years ago when you could download .apk-files instead of buying them, is that still possible?Looking for games that are text-based or games where you build a city like in the old game Stronghold.
bards tale
Steal food from plebs entering their houses with no permissionahaha so funny it's just a video game relax:DDoesn't played snowballs with CiriTW1TW2=TW3
1who are you quoting?
1what
1What?
haha, memes man xD
TW series is basically Fable
, 
, 
Does this game really think it can compete with Skyrim?
1Without mods skyrim would've been a very forgettable game.
1Le funneh bate thread :^3 !
This game has been way more fun than skyrim ever was. Everything feels crucial and important, and I think a lot of it has to do with Geralt and how he and everyone around him perceives him. This game is actually a good example of how open world should be done, and until I play mgsv this year, this is definitely in the bout for GOTY.
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was released to critical acclaim, with reviewers particularly responding well to the refined character development and setting. The game shipped over seven million copies to retailers within the first week of its release, and sold over 20 million copies across all three platforms.November 11, 2011competeWhat?
Crappy combatMap is 90% emptyLore is mostly forgettable and blandMUH GRIMDARK tryhard atmosphereThis is a flavor of the month game at best.
9World design it definitely shits all over Skyrim. Skellige alone beats Skyrim in the same exact fucking setting and atmosphere. Combat is meh in both, I think its passable and should be ignored overall. I guess combat flows better in Witcher but you are pretty limited and you notice how shitty the enemy attack patterns are way faster.Quests are more interesting than Skyrim, as are the characters in them. Even for one-off quests that end in 5-10m.Its going to be pretty lame when Fallout 4 comes out and you still have to load into buildings and anywhere else
w3 is 100x better than skyrim
8that describes skyrim to a tee so I guess OP got his answer
1Goat Simulator can compete with Skyrim and win you faggot
1There's no way I could find enjoyment in Skyrim after itI actually have no idea how Bethesda's going to compete with the next Elder Scrolls unless they really step up their game
6100X??!?!?!??wow
6Who the fuck praised character development in Skyrim?
8That's pretty good for a modern game. Bloodborne was only flavor for a couple days
8MUH GRIMDARK tryhard atmosphereLOL, back to splatoon babby
Skyrim is as shallow as an open-world pseudo-rpg can get. I say pseudo because there are hardly any proper rpg elements present in the game that actually impact your character. Skills do fuck-all other than gate you from the useless percentage-based talent points, and attributes contribute to literally nothing but HP Stamina and Magicka.Witcher on the other hand, while not having any stats aside from weapon and armor perks, has the advantage of having a shitload of depth, development of characters and story, and a difficulty system that isn't fucking horseshit, and does nothing to try to disguise any of it's facets.
Witcher literally does everything Skyrim does, but better in every way. And then more stuff on top. it's probably the best game I've ever played, and I feel happy for everyone else who feels the same
Only thing keeping Witcher 3 from being perfect in my eyes is that theres no NG+ feature.
8Pretty good description of skyrim there.Witcher 3 is a whole other league and blew that crappy renderware game out of the water.
8Witcher is everything but deep, the perk system is on Skyrim's level.
1Does this game really think it can compete with Skyrim?No. It never had that ambition. TW always has been, and continues to be, a competetitor of more structured, story oriented RPG's along the vein of Baldurs Gate / Never Winter Nights / Dragon Age. The fact that the third game decided, purely for the sake of immersion, model the map as one relatively consistent piece of landscape, as opposed to doing multitude of small hubs separated by loading screens does not really change anything to it. The open world in The Witcher, much like in Mafia, is an added bonus, not the primary purpose of the title. That said: it ironically shits all over Skyrim even in a regard that is accidental to TW, while it was supposed to be the key feature of Skyrim: world design. Even though the world is there still largely as aestetical background, it still manages to make it MILES AND MILES better than a game where the world itself is about 80% of the entire appeal of the title. And that is kinda sad, when you think about it.
3People that were paid.
1Even Divinity 2 Ego Draconis is way better than SkyrimSkyrim is one of the worst gdr ever released
296529345Without mods skyrim would've been a very forgettable game.With mods it's just a waifu\mod simulator
people still giving two shits about Le Mods meme openworld game *powered by Le Meme Game designer
3noskyrim is a joke
The one thing I wish they took from TES was the first-person view.
TW3 is an amazing game, great story and incredible moral choices, downgrade or not is also a technical marvel but its world is nowhere as interesting and apparently alive as Bethesda's games.
2wew:^
8You're talking about Skyrim right?
Skyrim is hardly even an RPG.
7Witcher 3 has more in common with zelda than with dragon age.
hey if I haven't played the first 2 games am I gonna be completely lost with the story or is it basically self contained?
2but its world is nowhere as interesting and apparently alive as Bethesda's games.Are you kidding me? The "interesting" thing - I could kinda give you that if you compare the thematics of say, Morrowind and TW3, given that TW3 does the whole traditional fantasy trope deconstructed routine, and Morrowind actually tried to establish an entirely different school of aesthetics all together, but the same can't be really said about later Bethesda games. And as for alive: I'm sorry, but the amount of "life", with character routines, logic of the enviroment, just sheer number of characters, the depths of their stories, the attention to detail, the ability to emphatize local history or events... TW3 surpasses all Bethesda games up to date very easily.
Vanilla SkyrimBetter than Triss-love-simulator pls. Do you even remember the story of Skyrim?
1play Inquisition first then W3
5took the b8
8I remember as a kid thinking it was weird that they would make a game called "super mario RPG" considering to me every mario game was an rpg since you played the role of mario
1dragon age 3?I don't understand
2see the difference between a glorified shit and a great game the story is quite self contained
does this game use a dialog wheel like mass effect, or can I actually see everything my character is going to say before I say it?
1Neither of them can compete with Gothic 2 NotR.Witcher 3 comes closer than most games though.
1hey if I haven't played the first 2 games am I gonna be completely lost with the story or is it basically self contained?It provides you with all the informations you need through both direct and indirect exposition. Frankly, the story of TW3 is very disconnected from the story of TW1 and 2. What it is very strongly connected to are the books: having played the previosu games does not make that much of a difference you'll be more familiar with the local socio-political situation as well as the overal tone of the world, and you won't have to look up the bio on half of the characters in the Glossary every time you meet them, but that is about it, but having read the books makes a whole world of difference.If you don't want to play the previous games I would recomend at least giving them a try though, you'll just need to pay a lot more attention to things like books, character bios, journal descriptions etc... But it's not impossible to get into it by any stretch of the imagination. I know plenty of people completely new to the franchise who enjoyed it immensely.
8Yeah, that sounds like Skyrim.
8ok cool, thanksI'll probably pick it up during the summer sale then.
5you are dovahkiin, dragonborn!
This game doesn't think anything because its a game
3More akin to ME, shortened versions of what you are about to say. Sometimes the abstract isn't entirely unambiguous though and Geralt might overreact when you don't expect it.Reminded me of GLASS HIM at times.
5Every village and big cities as as well have something like two or three NPCs, usually merchants or quest givers, the other 99% are "commoners", "soldiers" etc. Talking about Skyrim you can interact with almost every person, also everyone has his own name and this helps the immersion. Skyrim is incredibly flawed, but so far no other game managed to create such a living open-world.
1not the guy you were responding to but I've always found the main quest to really be a secondary thing in elder scrolls games, particularly oblivion and skyrim. The real fun comes from the sidequests, factions and exploration.
none of you can be more than 15 years old.Why are people taking the bait? There's no fucking worm on it. This fucker didn't even try... its just blatant shitposting, why the fuck is this allowed?reported
4I never finish the main storyline until after I do all dlc and quest and get everything I want. I always feel empty and no passion to play or do anything if I complete the storyline.
5You mean Yen love simulator right shitter?
8OP isn't b8you are
1This game has very interesting characters unlike Skyrim. I'd find myself caring for Ciri, loving Yennefer and respect Geralt. However it does lack an interesting villain.I believe a game, or a TV-series/movie for that matter, is as good as it's characters. It's all about details, which Witcher 3 certainly has plenty of.Loved it.
9No Shani romance optionNo Ciri romance optionInto the trash it goes.
5Talking about Skyrim you can interact with almost every personThe interaction is teaspoon shallow, the people don't feel even remotely real, infact they feel like they don't bellong to the universe at all, not to mention that the result is that in Skyrim has like five people per larger village, making it all feel even worse. It's far easier to suspend disbelief and assume that the village has people that just don't have much to tell you than having the world populated with less people who have nothing to tell you to and when they speak they immediately throw you out of the immersion for the sake of having the option to start the conversation screen. Plus, there is more than just vendors in the villages: basically every village has several characters with actual backstory, but you only discover them as you unlock the new quests. In addition, if you actually pay attention, you'll find that even the characters that have no name and no dialogue lines still often have some flavor. Look around what they say to each other - look around their houses and their stuff and their routines, and you'll find there is frequently far more to even nameless NPC in TW3 than there is to named characters in Skyrim. In addition, TW3 actually remebers such rudimentary things like "people actually have to work" and puts the effort to actually indicate what these people do, how do they make their livings, what worries them, what do they enjoy. The amount of actual narrative material regarding the actual life of the world inhabitants is MILES larger, and far better thought through than what any of Beth's games had done. Plus they react: they react to weather, they react to your appearance, they react to things you have done in the past, they reflect to changes in the enviroment, in local storylines all of that.
2dude I so hope that this is bait.If I had one thing to critizise in skyrim then I'd be its fucking lifeless world.
7Fucking this.witcher 3 is the first game that gives me those Gothic+Gothic 2 vibes again.
8you just described skyrim
It doesn't compete with SkyrimIt completely blows Skyrim out of the fucking water. There is not a single segment of Skyrim that is even worth comparing to this game.
Craft a silver sword which has double my current damageLevel requirement: 18I'm only level 6RARRAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
1It doesn't need to. Skyrim is casualized Oblivion which is casualized Morrowind. Skyrim is also a super lazy minor-reskin of Oblivion which was a super lazy minor-reskin of Morrowind. And I mean that in an objectively scientific way. The developer didn't even create new shelving assets, they just dumped them into the ground to pretend they were tables and still use the same 512x512 meshes they've been using since Morrowind, literally no improvements to Gamebryo other than Scaleform's skybox dropin and speedtree.
Is W3 playable with KB+M or do you recommend a controller?How is it compared to skyrim and dark souls?A monster hunter game for PC sounds neat.
6
96
6Skyrim had its problems, but are you seriously implying oblivion is better than skyrim?I really have to disagree with that, though maybe Oblivion is just tainted in my head because of how huge a disappointment it was compared to Morrowind.
5kb+m is ok100000000000000^25 times better than Skyrim10^6? Dark Souls btw is difficult since DS is very different
1I don't understand how Skyrim was even so popular in the first place. The animations that were used made me vomit in my mouth. Sure, when it first came out and I got it on my pc as one of my first "high end" games for my newly built gaming PC I was giddy, but after 2-3 weeks I was bored and started seeing the shitty animations and empty world for what it is.I honestly don't understand how people can see it as a AAA game and not some Indie trash to be swept under the rug.
8This is disgusting and hilarious at the same time.
8what about the character creator?
6No it's not.100x0 still equals 0
3memes are hard to kill
3That one's not so bad actually. It's not just laziness, it also saves some vram.
5surprisingly notthe majority of the skyrim fanbase prefers the game without modsnot even jokingi knew a autistic kid once who didn't want to mod his skyrim because it would "ruin his experience"
5Is W3 playable with KB+M or do you recommend a controller?It's completely playable with KB+M as far as I'm concerned. I do recommend doing some minor tweaking for key bindings though - the default control scheme is a bit awkward. Otherwise, PC controls are fine: not amazing, but certainly not hampering the game in any serious way. How is it compared to skyrim and dark souls?Completely different. Comparing it to those games is pointless. A monster hunter game for PC sounds neat.It's nothing like Monster Hunter either. If you are really that hell-bent on comparisons, the game is more akin to more action-oriented version of Bioware RPG's or to the old Gothic series games than it is to anything you mentioned.
8Some or your assumptions are plain false, like the biggest city in Skyrim having 5 NPCs, not to mention that almost every NPC gives you important deatils about the world or quests, they also work and this leads me to a question: have you played the game?Talking about TW3: let's take Crow's Nest as example, other than the Bloody Baron there're two other NPCs mind that I haven't completed the game, the blacksmith and his assistant and both are boring as shit, with the former having 2 lines of dialogue about him being a blacksmith.
9Games released the same gen have the same texture resolutionDid consoles get a vram upgrade in those 5 years?
8This actually strikes me as a somewhat creative approach. Do people really have a problem with this?
698536
5The gameplay is so simple in this game, you could play it one-handed.Skyrim is a very different game than this. It's more like a modding platform where you use the sandbox to create your own gameplay. The Witcher is more like a movie where you hardly have any gameplay.
289Bethesda really don't give a shit, do they?
5No, this is literally dragon age 2
69853226They are the laziest least talented developers on the planet, they can't even figure out their own shitty Korean engine
2All the proof you need to know that Morrowind was the only good game Bethesda ever made. It was a fluke. An accident.
9Character creator does literary NOTHING. You get your race mentioned once at the start of the game and pretty much nowhere else. That's it from your character creation.Not even sex matters cause everyone is bisexual.
96263589692Correct
339These are all zero performance hit fixes. Basically mods that just correctly apply textures where Bethesda doesn't understand how to map textures using their own engine.
9mfw people are still posting the picture I made 4 years agoSeriously, all I did was open the model and textures in Maya. The program instantly complained that there were overlapping UVs. I clicked the autofix button, and those were the results. Remember that at any one time, the huge bulk of Bethesda's "developers" are unpaid interns. One of them probably got handed the correct model from the art team, and somehow fucked it up and tried to cover his tracks so he didn't get in trouble.
2ZombiesDude, they're called draugr.
2Not even sex matters cause everyone is bisexualFalse, that's DA2.
4their own engineYou mean Gamebryo engine that they call "their own"Consider thatTW3 cost 15m to develop, using an entirely original engine developed by CDPRSkyrim cost 80m to develop, using Gamebryo
3I don't understand how Skyrim was even so popular in the first place.First of all, the game already had a LOT of momentum behind it after how Oblivion and Fallout 3 were succesful. Most of all though, the game does something that nearly no other games tried to do, for some inexplicable reason. It's a fully open world with sandbox-like elements. And that is a HUGE, MASSIVE market niche that has virtually no competetion and massive appeal. It's a game that focuses on little else than just saying "here is a fantasy world we made for you: you can do whatever you can". Frankly, it's hard to comprehend for me why this genre isn't the MOST saturated outlets of fantasy, because it really is the single most basic appeal that a fantasy fiction could ever have. In addition to that, Skyrim, much like Oblivion and Fallout 3 - was designed to systematically appeal to ALL existing lowest common denominators popular among the fantasy genre enthusiats. It's systematically designed to be as accesible, as self-gratification-offering, as non-threatening as humanly possible. It's a game designed and playable for anybody who ever though "wouldn't it be cool to live in a world filled with dragons and shit?". Anyone who ever thought of that may feel compelled to play Skyrim. There aren't even many other games that would offer that kind of experience, and Skyrim is incredibly good in making that experience as accomodating to people as possible. That is the key to Skyrim's success.
39I solved the problem by adjusting uv maps arbitrarily to either tile the texture inappropriately or stretch it inappropriatelySkyrim reuse of textures is a little excessive. They need to be replaced, not have the UV maps fucked up.
4TW3 cost 15m to develop, using an entirely original engine developed by CDPRSkyrim cost 80m to develop, using GamebryoAnd they're both shit. Your point?
2Morrowind was a massive disappointment coming from Daggerfall. It managed to be fun on its own, just like subsequent bethesda games but coming from the previous it was kind of a letdown.
5Every marriable character is bi
5It's Skyrim but with a really shitty interpretation of Monster Hunter's combat.It's playable but not award worthy.
2Yes, people have a problem with it.Because it's not even slightly 'creative' it's just fucking lazy and wasteful.The game has to draw and render the mesh and textures used in that table, even though it's under the floor.It would've taken a competent modeler maybe 5 minutes to literally just chop off the lower half and place it in the world. THAT would've been 'clever' lazy. What they actually did is just "I honestly don't give two fucks about this game" lazy.
4Gamebryo yes they own the version they use because the original license holder got bought out by a Korean holdings firm, allowing them to rebrand it and not pay royalties.
8I thought blackreach was pretty cool, and that ancient dwemer artifact in the ice in the north was a cool idea
, 
Oh shit nigger you're looking for your boss's second-in-command.Shit happened and now you're in an alternate universe looking for her.What do you do?Previous threads:
7PUNCH YOURSELF IN THE FACE
7Punch anon in the face
8
6Punch mods in the face
6your hand gets stuck for the rest of the adventure
7
8We are in the dimension of bad smells
8You encounter a random battle
8Commence Jojo-finding.
9Oh no! Monsters block your path
7Rip and tear.
7Start Final Fantasy-esque battle
7Where's the HUD?
7Monsters used Monster Mash! It's super effective on someone
7Monsters find out they're in the wrong game
here you go buddy
3based new canvasbrorequesting fist wizard jojo
8[Insert battle music here]3Very Nice. I love it.
2CAST MAGIC AND SHIT
3You bring a dickass smile to my face.Any room for NRFS and Pompous Knight?
2BABYBABYBABYBABYBABYAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY.mp3
2lolisniffer powerboom
2OVERDRIVE!

9
3Piledrive everyone Wario style
3simon is tired of this shit and walks away from the battle and is replaced by seth rogan
3texas gunmance
3texas rifle assault.
9
9Simon OVERDRIVE
9Simon activates Skullamania
9use the nigger god summon.the summon knocks out the party
92
9
4the party faints due to hungeralso dildo man shows up in the battle
4texas: 99% chance to hit.
41
4Roll for dexterity
7
1Texas bashes him over the head with the gun instead
1Oh, you!
1but what DID our shot hit?
5Oh no! The monster is about to attack!
0He doesn't get a turn. We are too fast.
0Parry skill activates.
0monster's AI glitches, he is now on our side.
0Death swoops in and picks him up for future molestation purposes
099% to evade
5
2TIME FOR FF15 MODEEVERYBODY GETS BEASTIE BOYS OUTFITS
2The enemy uses self destruct.
2Summon GF
7
1Simon uses Spirit Gun
9
3What kind of bitch-ass spirit gun is that?
3monster dies, progress plot.
7
2Bitch-ass gun deals 1 damage
2SUDDENLY PLOT PROGRESSION
8"Alright, monsters are dead, gotta find Jojo"
9meanwhile back at greg's place.
9I just remembered. where's zebra?
9Meanwhile, Death casts a shadow over the entirety of Hell as all demons, both big and small, cower for their genitals
7"YO, THIS IS SEXUAL HARRASSMENT, DEATH""NOT COOOOL"
8jojo is seen running away from something towards our hero's direction
82
8Death extends his reach to the heavens
8Jojo trips and falls in a bottomless hole
7"nyeeeeehh....fuck it, too far away."
7He builds his arm up with the bones of others to reach Heaven.
74
7Expand dong to reach the heavens!
5"nyeeeh....fuck"
70
Punch self in face
6
1Throw a tiny net at him
1ITS SHADOWGRANDPA'S STAND
1It's an illusion
9"Look out! It's a tiny net!"
32
3Because of the speed at which Jojo is moving, the net slices Jojo in little cubes
3There's a nuclear blast in the background
3Expand net
9
6Everyone becomes highly irradiated.
6Fight the nuclear explosion
6It's only a model
9
6monster chasing jojo appears
6I'M NUCLEAR
6The thing Jojo was running from reveals itselfIt's a really scary Scarecrow
6feel your inner skeleton trying to gain control
6Their new state grants them the power to control the atoms within their bodies.
6glowstick party where you are the glowsticks
8"I"M WIIIIIIIILD"
8
4The whole crew gets cancer
9b0ss pls
99
4The whole gang become super mutants.
9Special mutant level up.Acquire mutant powers.
Go see a doctor
9This dimension has the cure for it, and it is applied for everyone.
9group hug with jojo in the midle
9the radiation melts the meat skin
9"Yyyyeaaaahhh...how about another time, when you guys are like...less radioactive"
42
49
4Since when did Jojo get such an attitude?
4Glass him
9They grow up so fast...
9"OH GOD, SHE'S ENTERING HER REBELLIOUS PHASE""WE'RE DOOOOOMED"
9The Window of Life appears.
9The Window of Death appears
9jojo stops being a loli due to puperty
39This shit needs to be a major plot point.
9"hi"
9IT SHATTERS
9Hi
9Boss Satan breaks through the Window of Death.
96
9"WHAT DOES IT MEAN?!"
6Death appears
6jojo gets her pimphat back and new sunglasses
6Zebra's super cool and 5000% hetero twin brother shows up
6Simon gets hit by a meteor
6The champ appears
6It means your skeletons are one step closer in regaining control.
6The Window of Life takes its place.
8
3jojo breaks it
3The meteor explodes for some reason
3The meteor transforms.
36
5
0Simon's skull also explodes for some reason
0explosion turns everyone except for jojo back into skeletons
0it explores for some reason
9and this happens - 6
0A wrestling ring appears with a masked fighter standing in the center.
40
0Everyone turned out okay so no worries
20
6"what"
2He's holding loli's hat
2Guy in ring declares Simon dead and claims his spirit for eternal wrestling
2it's Siegfried from Siegfried and Roy
2He's holding everyone hostage and sounds a lot like Randy Savage.
2It's macho man Randy savage!
2it's the CHAMP
9"I am holding everyone hostage""Oh no! He's holding everyone hostage!"
6jojo goes in the ring with him 1v1
6Time for Skullomania.
67
8"You are not worthy to face me in the ring, little girl"
44
4RAGINGDEMON
4CAST FOOT AND FIST
4He picks out a worthy opponent.
4JOJO CRACKS HER KNUCKLES
4Th-thanks doc...
3
5He picks her up and sets her outside of the ring in a nice little chair.
5level 2 fist magic allows it to succeed 
5Wrestler skedaddles
5simon the skullkmania challenges him
9
7rage jojo
7Wrestler bodyslams Jojo
7simon erupts from the floor and grabs wrestlers legs
79
6"I'LL SHOW YOU WORTHY, BROTHA!""Oh god he changed his costume again"
4Hell in a Cell cage match!
4WHATCHA GONNA DO WHEN SKULLAMANIA RUNS WILD ON YOU BROTHER?
4Laddermatch for Loli's hat
4RAGE IN A CAGE MATCH
4
0Atomic Leg Drop
0They suplex eachother
0wrestler puts on the hat
0Announcer announces.
0Satan wonders where his missing cage went
2Satan's a peasant stuck in the past, he has no cages to be missing
7"THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT"
35
3THE BELL RINGS
3Jojo shoots the wrestler with the gun she sold her body to get.
3If the weeb is wrestling, we should take a page from Kinnikuman.
8inb4 floating head jojo shooting gun with her teeth
8"what"
05
0Simon opens with a brainbuster.
7
7"Miss"
7Wrestler counters
7The Wrestler turns it around and puts Simon in a Piledriver.
7miss
8
7The Wrestler puts Simon in a half nelson.
7The Wrestlers ex-wife shows up. She's pregnant
7Wrestler puts Simon in a full nelson.
9
6Fug shows up, calls them homosexuals
6Wrestler snaps Simon's neck
6Simon counters with the power of Yodling attracting nearby dinosaurs.
6Slip out and dropkick him.Is there another name we can call The Wrestler?
6now he's beating him up with nelson
5
1He stops when The Wrestler puts him in a choke hold.
1Dinosaurs burst through the cell and storm into the ring
21
1000oh lord
0
5Too late, Dinosaurs are already storming the ring
5tap out!
5"Do not dare defile the sanctity of this Holy Ring with your howls of pain!"
5The dinos break through the cage allowing the others to do a tag team..
5switch out with jojo
4"SIMON'S TAPPAING OUT! HE'S TAPPING OUT!""SIMON CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE! THE HOLD WAS TOO MUCH FOR HIM!""BAH GAWD!""AAAND ONCE AGAIN I STAND VICTORIOUS! OH YEEEEEEAH"
6Simon is now a faggot too
6"You can't tap out in a cage match!"
6Lolisniffer accepts a ladder match with the hat hanging above the ladder
6The Wrestler uses the Kinniku Buster for good measure.
2
0*insert VGCW fight*
0Behold, optic blast
0The Wrestler beats Lolisniffer with the ladder.
0ladderhologram
0Simon cries like a bitch. Due to the overwhelming stress, cancer radiation, and getting hit by a meteor, Simon develops a new split personality. We roll for it in next post.
9"A VICIOUS LADDER SHOT RIGHT TO THE SKULL!"
9He shoves Lolisniffer inside the ladder and body slams it.
9Lolisniffer stops it with his teeth
96
9Simon hits the showers
9Lolisniffer uses his nose hair powers to force Wrestler into submission.
7
7Simon's personalities fuse from the crushing defeat and is ready for round 2 as Spiralmania Simon.
7Lolisniffer counters
76
7Texas is done with these sheningans and shoots the martian wrestler
5
8activate ultimate mode and preform a fist barrage
86
8Who's that coming into the ring?!
6IT'S BOBBY LASHLEY THAT'S IT I'LL BE A SON OF A BITCH
6Kinniku Buster.
6turns out the wrestler is a child
9"YOU! MAN WITH FUNNY MUSTACHE! YOU DARE VIOLATE THE HOLY SANCTITY OF THIS CONTEST?!"
3The bullet explodes
3"yes"
3Lolisniffer uses Deaths skull ring to summon the spirit of the greatest masked wrestler who ever lived to help
3He suplexs the bullet.
3SHARPNELHOHO HAHA
8
53
55
5Lolisniffer arms himself with Simon
9
2Lolisniffer tears him in half
2wrestlerhe
2Simon pins him.
9"anon, what are you implying here"
44
4Lolisniffer puts the ladder back up.
4Anon turns out to be Fug and hes in the audience with dickass thief
8wanting to kill Sandy Ravage
8RIPANDT E A REAR
1Tearing in half can mean many different things
8
4"A Wrestler isn't beaten until they're pinned!"
9"LOOK AT THIS! HE'S GOING FOR THE PIN!""wasn't this a ladder match though"
4Death gets front row tickets to the match
7Lolisniffer goes for the hat.
7FUCK THE RULES
7Rainbow Man comes out of nowhere and gives Lolisniffer the ol' backbreaker
8"..3! AND THAT'S IT!""WE HAVE A NEW CHAMPION!""what the fuck is even going on"
2ACQUIRE HAT
2SUPER DRAGONSUPER DRAGONSUPER DRAGON
2he gets back up and smashes Lolisniffer with the ladder
2This pisses off the Intergalactic Wrestling Federation.
2put on the hat
8"This is bullshit!""Should have bet on the Earthling, son"
6Could Simon and Lolisniffer beat the Thundertaker at Space Wrestlemania?
52
6The From Accounting family, descendants of alternate universe Paul, challenge the crew for disrespecting their friend.
6And so, Death molested all the demons and Lolisniffer got his hat. The end.
6Skeleton Vince McMahon decides to support the crew
3"wait, what, noooooo"
70
7death gets annihilated by god
7Dickass Thief steals the title belt and end on a laugh track.
7Roll Credits
7Adventure ends
7NEW ADVENTURE NIGGA
9And so Lolisniffer got his hat back and became the Galatic Champion.Texas combed his mustache.Simon continued to be a weeb.Dickass Thief continued his dickass thievery until he dies.Jojo became a teenager, her rebellious years were hard on everybody involved.When the crew sheds their meat suits later and became skeletons once again, Greg was still confused as to why a bearded man was impersonating Lolisniffer.Simon and Lolisniffer would eventually face eachother at Space Wrestlemania, but that is a story for another time.
6Godslayer QuestSomeone needs to knock that smug bastard off Cloud 9.
6And what became of Death?
6new adventure nig
6We really need a fresh start quest this time.
6Did anyone ever fill in that empty Satan position?
9the nine have spoken
6Show Death's molestation count
3Death continued his job as the reaper of souls and molester of demons.
1next quest vote?
6a pretty good ending, i cry everytimeare we going to have villains 2 in the future?
9It'd be nice, but I'm guessing lizard freedom fighters are gonna win.
8we play as teen jojo, post apocalyptic style
PEASANT SATAN NIGGAS YOU KNOW YOU WANT IT
7this guy has a pointi do want to see that
96tfw I tried so hard at the end of Z quest to get everyone to vote for Freedom fighterstfw outvoted at the finale;_;
6"Yes, of course. Put your votes in here"
81
8STRAWPOLL NIGGAALSO FREEDOM FIGHTERS
8secret agent undercover paladin
8Peasant Satan
8Future Boxer Quest
8peasant satan would be fun
8nigglar adenture
8giant Snake
8Silent Iron Golem
396794"Yes yes, all nice suggestions to be put on the poll. Peasant Satan and Lizards are already on it though"
2The gang goes to Skelecon, a convention for skeletons
2Molestation Quest, Death's journey to molest God
2what about corrupt vote rigging skeleton? is that in yet?
8Death's Fun Park
6"A SURPRISE EVERY VISIT""The surprise is molestation"
21GANGSTAS AND GANGSTERSA STORY SIMILAR TO DUDES AND XENOSEXCEPT YOU MANAGE YOUR GANG AND SHIT IN DETROIT OR SOMETHING
1Will there be slides?
1MR. BONES WILD RIDE?!
2Scuba Quest.
2Best adventure, pretty happy for starting Death's molestation streak
4"Yes. It's my boner"
Female legendary reptile hunter by means of magics
9You're make a compelling case, mr. Death
9Post a hiring demons ad
9so, wats it gonna be draw kun?, whats oure next adventure?
2"YOu know what else is compelling? My dick"Death was later arrested
4By who?
4Its Ok, Fug posts bail.
4Death was later arrestedhow the hell did they manage that?
4You have problems, man
8"I DIDN'T DO SHIIIIIIT"On a completely unrelated note, Simon was forced to see a therapost by the other skeletons. His split personalities are getting out of control
6How are they out of control when they fused?
6SKULKAMANIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
6God materializes the link to the strawpoll
6Plot twist, Simon's other personality is the therapist
6Show crying but happy demons
7"Here you go my child"href="#p296525470" class="quotelink"0They unfused a bit later. And he develops a new one whenever he watches a new anime
8LIZARD FREEDOM FIGHTERS 4 EVAR!
8How 'bout we level up, for old times sake
3ok, choose your upgrade
84BROOOOOOOOTHER!
8does the fist magic buff foot magic? if not, super necromancy
all these faggots not chosing Cheesy Kung Fu moviehomos
S. Nercomancy. She finally learns from Greg.
8Scroll down
8fist lvl 3 lock in
8Option 3
8FIST MAGIC
8
95
9no mystery box option
9We need to go even further
9fist magic 3lock in
9Of courshe there isn't, why would there be
0Chopping board, lock in
0RIGHT BETWEEN FIST MAGIC AND CHOPPING BOARDCHOOSE IT AND LOCK IT IN NIGGA
0The board. Lock in.
0super niggro magic
0fist magic 3lock in
0put points in stats not skills
0The one between Fist and Chopping Board
4You are not a Negromancer
6What's in the box!?
6spend point to become one
6BOARD! LOCK IN!
6THE BOX NIGGACHOOSE THE BOX
6I CAN'T TAKE THE SUSPENSION! WHAT'S IN THE BOX? WHAT'S IN THE BOX?
6Cutie Honey option!
9USed all points to multiclass.Jojo can now conjure fried chicken and watermelon
5Paint yourself Black to be more appropriate
5Reset point for skullamancy!
5Jojo can now conjure fried chicken and watermelonFuck i'm dying
5fried chickens have bones in them, you kan now repair skeletonsand watermelons attract beetles, and beetles can clean yer skelees
5Jojo is now a rebellious teen
5eat that shit nigga
6Villain Adventure: The Teenage YearsWelp, see you next time. Feel free to discuss this adventure and how dumb it is or whatever. Bye.
2We can't end this on a tie!
2holy shitteenage jojo is coolno teenage kneechan
2see ya manthanks for the thread
LIZARDBROS WW@
2smokingI thought we raised her better.
2Thanks OP!
5implications
3i blame texas
1fuck you Zebra
1WHERE'S TEENAGE KNEECHAN
9and teen kobold too.
93
2Now kiss
2
3anon pls
0skirts and thighhighs are my weakness
0way to waste trips by not replying to the right post nigger
1That's a pretty dumb weakness, how can you be a superhero with that
4it's a weakness that only makes parts of me stronger
1Demon a cute A CUUUUUTE
4not wearing based poak buns shirtwasted potential right there, unable to erect
3death plz go
8She's in her rebellious phase anon
4isn't wearing her hatCOME ON NOW
1She hasn't worn her hat in a while
1Of course, how could I forget
5THE OTHER HATFROM THE GUY WE PUT IN THE FRIDGE
8no
4
9fuckin perfect
8
9
plz dont sexualize the jojo
9Is she just wearing a long shirt instead of a skirt? Hot.
5Specialize the jojo, OPEE WHERE ARE YOU WE NEED PANTIE SHOTS
5It's okay she's not a loli anymore
9Maybe it's the same poak bun dress that she wore as kid, but since she's older now it's a more like shirt
9regular jacketnot a Ora Ora tier long coatCome on it's like you aren't even rebelling
6anon she's not a weeb like simon, she's a rebelling teen in america
2GET A GRIP
6Well, she's rebelling against you.
6Then she should be wearing a trench coat and be killing her peers
3That's too mainstream
3You know what's mainstream? Clothes.
0so is yer mum
1It was always a shirt not a dress, it was just too big for her
How did the wrestler get the hat from God?
3He asked for it
6A longcoat? How long ?
7where's Jojo's stand
8
0THE OTHER KIND OF STANDLIKE THE SPIRITUAL MANIFESTATION OF YOUR SPIRIT STAND
7using the sleeves What are you, a punk kohai? You supposed to be a delinquent senpai now, step it up
53
3NO NIGGAA STAND LIKE WHAT SIMON HAS
3poak bun shirt has white sleevesOkay?
9coat stand labelled "Like Simons"
3long coat without sleevesGod anon is a faggot, put them back but give them buttons
9
3Black surgical mask with skull on it when?Melee weapon made up of Skelton arms holding eachother when?Deliquent gang of equally punk teen girls when?
1finally
1perfect
4And the other flavor
1pauldrons aren't skullsGit gud senior stand
010/10 would Ora Ora punks with
99Villain adventure 2
4i'd Ora Ora her punks if ya know what I mean
2While the flying midget watches?
would you join jojo's gang?
7I don't think she'd let me, unless she has a need for an anon with no actual skills
7you could be the servant
7fug did alright
6Well I mean if I do get killed I would just get rezed. Yeah I would totally join Jojo's gang as a useless fuck.
2Don't worry, you can't go lower than Zebra
zebra did nothing wrong
0do you know when you'll be starting the new adventure?
7Probably in a day or two, ya know, for the poll to be final
1you will never have a merc bro of your own
How were you supposed to know that you have to jump into the paintings?
he doesn't jump into paintings in real life
the manual
How were you supposed to play Doctor Mario? I remember renting the game on the SNES as a kid and I could never figure out how to do anything but the surfing mini game.
You could jump into the paintings?
0Because of the staircase and rails, it gives the impression of forward movement toward and into the painting.
I don't get what these threads are for. They get posted a lot and peter out after like 10 posts. What reaction are they going for?
The camera focuses on the giant painting when you first walk in the room. When you bump into the wall, the painting ripples like water.
Didnt the tutorial koopa on the cloud with the camera tell you?
0Toad tells you I believe. It was also in the manual and the room's layout itself suggests that you do so.
Arin, please stop posting.
I'm pretty sure a Toad in the beginning tells you there are worlds behind the paintings.Also jumping is really the only thing you can do
You read the fucking manual
0Room layout demonstrated the area was important, so you would've had to have been dumb to not try jumping around.
Because Lakitu chimed in to say that you can activate "super" mode by holding Z+B. In this mode Mario can identify hidden objects you can interact with which will be flashing white.
0Epik meme thread friend.
0That's kind of interesting, I don't recall reading the manual or talking to NPCs but I knew to jump into the painting. I would assume that I saw gameplay of it somewhere, but I was like 5 years old when the game was released, so I don't know where I would have seen it.If you gave this game to some kid now who had never heard of it, do you suppose they'd figure it out?
0After 10 minutes of not knowing what to do you are probably going to jump in a painting.
0Why, intuition for Bowser's sake! One of the aspects supposed to receive improvement through partaking of the hobby.
get close to a paintingthey start ripplingI don't know you tell me genius
0Because the paintings would warp and ripple when you got close to them.
Colonel tells you.
How were you supposed to know you have to select a maverick?
1They're DSP references
How were you supposed to know that you had to press Jump to advance?
Did you guys find the alternate ending in Super Mario 64?
How were you supposed to know you were supposed to fill in the gaps with jiggies?
1See: 4
How were you supposed to know that you had to close the door?
How were you supposed to know that you have to follow the damn train?
How did you know you were supposed to shitpost?
0How was I supposed to know the feet would kill me if I jumped into them?
555needing a manual to tell you what should be communicated through basic level design. Also OP, contact Toad on the codec, you can find his frequency on the back of the game box.
9how was i supposed to know to contact toad on codec
How were you suppose to know to jump into the clock when the big hand was at 12?Or to jump into the wall in the mirror room?
4My little sister who had never seen this game played before knew to jump into the painting. She said it's because when she went close to the painting, it rippled
If you picked Iorveth in Witcher 2, you fucked up.
0Explain plz,
0Iorveth's path has better quests, gives you chance to actually get to see what is going on with the dragon and become bro with both Roche and IorvethRoche's path has you serve the shitties king and not even know what the fuck is going on in the endDon't think so.
I've picked him because of Saskia.You can immagine how mad I am that she doesn't show up in 3.
Iorveths path is objectively better
0Blue eyes
But Iorveth Act 2 was far better.
Ioverth's path has the better quests, Roche is the better character.
0Radovid invites Vernon to play chessGeralt appears before Vernon on a whim and Vernon takes him to his appointment with RadovidRadovid spends the whole time talking to GeraltSends Vernon home without ever playing Chess Vernon literally cucked
9Do you allie with Iorveth by giving himhis sword at the garden when you fight letho for the first time?

choleric torturer vs. elf guerilla with depthsemen demon/elf encounter vs. that manfaced dyke Vesplaying shitty tent camp politician vs. witching in Vergen and hanging with your dwarf brosmuh temeriafuck off
5You can side with either of them in the following quest to leave Flotsam. Giving Iorveth his sword or knocking him out only determines what happens to Flotsam when you return riots or celebration.
Why the fuck CDPR didn't let me fuck that Cerys girl after helping her with the Jarl and the curse? Holy fuck such a cock teaser.
4So if I sucker punch him Iorveth pissed so riots?
Iorveth's act 2 is way better than Roche's act 2, and I'm slightly partial to his act 3 as well. Plus I actually wound up liking Iorveth a lot by the end even though he's a cunt early on.Roche is still a bro though, and extremely fun to watch in action cutscenes like the Vergen fight and.the scene in Loc Muinne if you choose to help him instead of saving Triss because everything he does is absurdly over the top.Iorvethfags got fucked in 3 though, Goddamn. I imported my Iorveth file because that was my first one, and it sucks that Iorveth and Saskia never even show up in the game. Practically the only acknowledgment I've seen that I even took Iorveth's path was a little bit of banter with Zoltan about the battle of Vergen. Iorveth and Saskia better show up in the expansions.
9If you give him his sword he's able to fight back, and Loredo retaliates by starting a riot burning the nonhuman district. If you don't then the Scoia'tael can't fight back so Loredo throws a celebration.
9Also you can fuck more women on iorveth's path.That's how you know it is canon.
0Ioveth's path has lesbomancy, your argument is invalid.
5Iorveth Loc MuineCan't do shitIorveth Loc Muine with Siegfried aliveYOU CAN'T DO SHIT except you can walk around the order's camp and beyondRoche Loc MuineYOU CAN DO ANYTHING
1I really wished I could do Iorveth's Vergen and Roche's Loc Muine but with the knowledge that the dragon was Saskia
9canonIorveth isnt even in 3.
1thisthe fuck happened to her realm?
5Why would they show up? The game is set in Temeria/Redania/Skellige and not Upper Aedirn and since CDPR said there will be old buddies in the first 15h dlc i'm almost certain they'll be in that.
Welp, from this thread sounds like my choices in 2 meant nothing. Here I thought I was weakening the northern lands to make it easier for the empire to take them.
7Only the choices in TW3 determine if the Empire takes over or not.
anais never gets mentionedwitch hunt happens whether you freed triss or not seriously who the fuck thought this was a good idea
0picking a side depending on your political viewsLiterally kill yourself OP. You will never be a true witcher. How can you hunt all those monsters when you cant even be a neutral piece of shit? You gotta pick the choice that will benefit only your agenda.Wanna fuck Leto?RocheWanna save TrissIorveth
6More importantly, why couldn't you fuck the Nilfgaardian noble girl hat you trained?
9Sex cards were cut and they didn't really replace them with anything.
0First playthrough I picked Roche,The dude was so much more useful and bro-tier to Geralt.Second play through that was the one I continued from my witcher 3 play through where I joined ioverth who is a friendly enough guy but fuck me he is no Roche, in Witcher 3 I have gone out of my way to help Roche.
1I was disapointed I couldn't help Roche more, with him being so helpful even though I chose Iorveth in TW2.
9Because you don't fuck with politics and politicians daughters
Off topic but what year is the Witcher 3 set in?
1For the last time you tard, the "witcher code" is bullshit that Geralt made up to avoid obligations to certain people when it suits his purposes.
1For the last time, you colossal retard, I am not talking about "witcher code".
2One of the main concepts in the witcher is geralt realizing that neutrality is itself evil. geralt only starts out with his 'neutrality' at the beginning of the first book.
0Is there any rational reason to help Iorveth? I mean, it's not like Roche is your best friend, but he helps you, while Iorveth just fucking around and robbing people.
7How did he come to this conclusion, anon?
0by realizing being neutral usally means letting horrible things happen.
9Iorveth is a direct lead to Letho.
5Ok, thats self explanatory. But the morality distribution would beagressor = evildefender = neutralneutral geralt = neutralThats pretty much the point of being neutral.
9Because you have "choice". Anyone who read even short stories wouldn't even bother to hand with elves, not to mention Squirels, but hey, how many players even know there are some books behind the games?Said that, there is rational reasoning to BRIEFLY team up with Iorveth. He knows where Letho is, while Roche can only help you track him. There is no other reasoning than saving yourself a bit of trouble with pin-pointing Letho. But it ain't worth it to help elves.All those idiots who white-wash Iorveth into noble freedom fighter
If you don't prevent Sigi from killing Vernon and Ves after Radovid's assassination, do they die?
9Iorveth sails for Vergen, and thats where Triss and Letho are. Roche goes to Henselt.
2the aggressor being evil and the defender being good/neutral pretty much never happens though. shades of grey is the point.
The Witcher 3 definitely feels like it was written with the Roche path in mind.
3Anyone who read even short stories wouldn't even bother to hand with elvesgeralt has nothing against elves.
The Witcher 2 was designed weird.You're kept in the dark about a lot of things if you pick the Roche path, like the greater overall picture. Plus they shoehorn a lot of the plot points in whereas things develop more organically on Iorveth's path. For example, it's Philippa that tells you how to lift the curse on Roche's path but Geralt somehow magically knows on his own in Roche's path. Also, picking Iorveth's path may actually save the Temerian special forces in act II from Henselt.
3Oh, and the reasoning to team up with Iorveth is also wrong on fundamental level.If you side with him, it goes around "now I will instantly find out the killer and this will sort things out".If you stay with Roche, it goes around "eventually I will find the killer and have a powerful figure behind me to back my claims and thus clear my name"Hence - picking Iorveth is short-sighted jump on instant payoff without any further reasoning.
9I agree. But then how the fuck would Geralt not getting into their business become evil?
0It's not about what Geralt has or hasn't against elves. It's that they somehow are bigger dicks than total dick humanity
8Yeah, and it's ALL BULLSHIT by the time of TW3, where Roche path with personally saving Triss is proven to be canon, while the entire "free land for non humans" was easily taken over by Nilfgaard and Saskia with Iorveth are nowhere in the game or in the in-game world in general.
1Iorveth and saskia aint in witcher 3. shit sucks.
4Elves tend to treat geralt himself better then most humans. I don't see why you would think he wouldn't hang with elves.
1jesus, anon, get out of your fucking game box. You are talking like Leto cant run away. Its actuallyyou bring him to justiceyou risk him getting away just so you could have Roche say "sure, Geralt is cool"What happen when Leto fuck off and you are there, standing with your cock in hand and behind you Roche "Oh, he didn't really do it. I know that because he escaped from castle while setting it ablaze"
Siegfried is not in witcher 3you think considering his a top colander in the flaming rose.
8I liked how witcher 2 was it's own story, anyway it's not as if anything unrealistic happened. a militia that barely defeated 3000 soldiers got steam rolled by the full might of nilfgarrd; it would have been stupid to pretend they had a chance just because you like them.
is iorveth path mentioned in any way in 3?some information about vergen or saskia or shit?
0I hate both of those assholes. Roche is just a straight up psychopath while Iorveth is just a bitter, butthurrt racist murderermuh peoplemuh heritageIn every fucking sentence. I'm just in chapter 2 but I can't stand any of those fuckers.
mfw the scoia'tael gwent deck fucking sucks shit and is just a worse monster deck
5its still around but either gets taken by rad the mad or the emperor in the end.
3A race that magically appeared out of nowhere raped his entire race within centuries and forced them into ghettos.Pretty much everything that the elves and dwarves do is warranted.
tfw I just realized Skellige's belief in "Ragh nar Roog" is a wordplay of Ragnarokgoddamn, I'm stupid
your choices dont matter.its mass effect 3 all over again.
1that's the point, nobody is good everyone is a fucking asshole who would use people for their endsits kinda like Game of thrones
2forced them into ghettos.there is an elven kingdom of dol blathana and a dwarfan kingdom of mahakam. non humans have literally no reason to stay and complain in ghettos.
1But it was my reasoning in TW2 when picking sides - for me it was clear and obvious that siding with elves and creating some retarded safe haven for non-humans is a lofty goal with ZERO chance to succeed, so why even bother with wasting time on those fuckers.But again, I've played the game for the politics, not personal story of Geralt, since I was never buying his "I can stay neutral" bullshit, both in books and games.
I picked Iorveth because I loved his character design, wanted to help non humansAnd Iorveth is hot as fug
8I went with him as well cuz he looked cooler and also I went with the Squirrels in the first game. Being a revolutionary is better than being some obedient soldier for some asshole King.
0They DO matter, you shithead.But it's your fault if you were stupid enough to side with elves and being surprised their tiny "kingdom" with zero defensive capabilities was steam-rolled by Nilfgaard in two days
5Iorveth isn't around through most of Witcher 2 either. Iorveth path is canon.
mfw playing again to prepare for witcher 3just want to go sign witcher and make all the same choices over again Fug
what if roch serves rad the mad? dose anything changes?
1Are you... are you retarded?
3canonliterally not in the game at all while roche has several quests LOL THE CITY OF THIS ASSBLASTED ELF LOVING FAGGOT
6I'm going to go ahead and guess there is a finite amount of space in the world of The Witcher. If a new species comes in and starts growing so fast they outnumber you within a few centuries you're going to lose a lot of land. There is no way in hell all the elves and all the dwarves could simply go back and live wherever their only settlements are. There is no way in hell the areas could sustain that.
I couldn't turn my back on Broche
1Loving that pic
7Iorveth took too much dick in his elf anus and died between the two games
2Elves fought their own kingdom in Dol Blathana. Kingdom that is backed by Nilfgaard, thus unable to fall. Dwarves have Mahakam. Kovir and Poviss is a massive country that looks lightly on race issues or not at all. Nilfgaard, for crying out loud, is free of racial issues. And the only truly forced ghetto is the one in Novigrad, the Red Quarter, but that's because of local clergy desire to put everything rotten in the same place, thus brothels, banks and non-humans. Temeria before falling into Nilfgaard hands was also known as pretty based place for non-humansRead the fucking books, please. Because they are basis for this world.
1I hope one of the DLCs will be Vergen-centered
0implying it even matters
6hmm, I really wanna read the booksare they translated? I mean with all the games people would be more interested in them now, can you find them in big bookstores?
1Yeah I know what you mean. His being helpful made me feel bad for my second playthrough going iorveth.
9It does. Unless of course you sided with Iorveth, then you've fucked yourself in TW3 with certain important quests and in the long run fucked sizable chunk of the world with it.
8most have official translations, and the ones that dont have un-official ones online.You can find all of them online though
8As far as I know, The Last Wish, first collection of short stories, and books 1-3 of the saga have official translations. The Sword of Destiny, second collection of short stories, should be published with the TW3, but I'm not sure how it ended.But my tip is - read fan translations. They are much better and don't butcher the dialogues, idioms and all the good stuff.
1Youre right. I'm just fed up with their endless rants about how they're actually the misunderstood, good guys. I wish they would stop feeding me their lame agendas.I used to like Elves but this game made me fucking despise them. Besides, they barely resemble Elves, in a traditional sense, they act just like humans with pointy ears, no traces of personality traits and characteristics that differentiate them from other peoples. I'm also tired of this "humans oppress non-human peoples" bullshit that started with Dragon Age If I'm not mistaken.All in all there's too much of this lame "politics" and "social issues" crap going on.
6If I have to read the books the game failed and going by what you're saying they did horribly fail or I missed a few thingsTemeria seemed like a horrible place to be as a non-human in the first Witcher. At least Vizima was. Someone supposedly got their equivilant of a nobel prize for developing a dwarf sized gallow.
4not sure why they made geralt into dante.
Henselt  Fucking every character in Vergen.Vergen  Kaedweni Camp.Roche gets butthurt over every single little thing way too easily and Iorveth sucks dwarf cock in hell the cuck. just like Saskia
3Aren't the social issues one of the main points of the books?
7Iorveth is gathering troops the entire duration of the game.
RADOVID
80fan translations?
8Besides, the game skipped A LOT of political powers and all the small kingdoms and dutchies that, since lacking muscle, were also based toward non-humans. Some of them simply disappeared from the world, even if after the books end, they should be still there, still free and still not bothered by anyone. For example everything between game!Redania and game!Kovir disappeared, while game!Kovir itself is suddenly absurdly large chunk of land. Let's just say that the games gradually set stage for single country rulling most of the North, something impossible in the books because of the sheer size of the world.
2SUCKS
2SUCKS
0
daily reminder that if you picked Iorveth's path then that elf girl will forever be Loredos rape slave and the elf pirate will never get closure
1That explains it.
0Till the first TW game, nobody was even interested in making English translation of the books or short stories, BUT years prior fandom translated them anyway. Amazingly, those ready-to-use translations were never claimed by anyone or even used as a reference point - instead the official translations are google translator tier.
2Only Northern deck and Nilfgaard are any good because of all those spies.I think the latter wins out because of the win draws ability and the "pick up shit from your enemies discard pile" leader card.
91DWARF
6COCK
8Henselt  Fucking every character in Vergen.Amen. Best character in the Witcher by far.Complete 100% asshole yet still somehow manages to come off as Regal.
0but the Northern kingdom deck is the one that draws from the win, niflgard wins automatically if there is a tie.
9My man Foltest will fist fight your bitch boy Henselt.
9I played a Iroveth path. How did he die again?I heard some offhand chatter about how he died but as far as I remember he was alive at the end, just beaten and recognizing the free pontar valley as an independent relm.
2caring about elves
9A FLEA HAS BITTEN A LIONEven when facing death he was pompous and self-bloated.
HEI HEI HEIII HEI HEI HEI HEI HEII HEI HEI HEI HEIICustom soundtrack how
4You could prick him full of holes, and he'd still be all kinds of bloated.
2Scoia'tael are obviously bigger shitlord idiotsthey are backed by Nilfgaard just so they can disrupt the North, they are the Emperor's bitchesthey are worsening lives of every non-humans in the North
3You can let Roche kill him which is a pretty cool scene: or not, in which case he survives and takes part at Loch Muinne.Not sure if Henselt's survival has any actual effect on TW3 though.
8And why do they do it? Because they believe the land is theirs.Land they claimed from the shortstack races.And then humans claimed the land from the elves.Elves are fragile nancyboys that can't take what they deal out.
2A race that magically appeared out of nowhereYou are of course aware that elves did THE SAME THING with native dwarves, gnomes and halflings, but five centuries earlier?Jesus, people, read the books. The only thing that makes me cringe in games is how much elves are white-washed from the omnicidal maniacs they are in the books.
8B-but the Nilfgaardians seemed like chill people...Sure they're invaders, but they seemed like a decent lot despite it.
8Henselt still aliveSaskia in PontarStennis is kingTemeria is divided between Redania and Kaedwen and thus not in complete chaosand I was sure thinking I set the northern kingdoms up to put up a good resistance against Nilfgaard.to bad the plot is "lel, Radovid wins" regardless of your choices in 2
8I picked Iorveth the first time I had played The Witcher 2, which was before I played 1.Fuck the scoia'tael, they're partially responsible for the deaths of thousands if no tens of thousands of humans and non humans. Group of fucking retards is what they are.
6as far i know he die on the mean time of TW2 to TW3
0I hate his redesign in 3. He looks like he's got plastic surgery.
9Why do you think he is an asshole? He is based and merciful.
6It doesn't. If Roche killed him, then Radovid had it even easier to conquer Kaedwen. If he survives, then Radovid kills him AND conquers Kaedwen anyway. Thus in the end Kaedwen is taken over by Redania regardless of your choices or even if you sided with Iorveth
6He gets killed during Radovid V's attack on kaedwen. The ambassador in vizima tells you this i think.
5read the books. Stop saying that. Don't ever use that argument ever again. If I have to read to the books to understand a videogame or a series the creator of the videogame or series fucked up.Unless it's hinted at the elves also appearing through whatever the fuck that phenomenon was called in the game it never fucking happened.Also the elves came into the world in the same way? That's pretty interesting.
5Isn't it that guy who hanged all Blue Stripes just in case?
7Henselt still aliveTemeria divided between Redania and KaedwenNo weak countries to easy pray onAnd I was sure this will secure North with two powerful countries...
6If he lives in TW2 either from taking Iorveth's path or from not letting Roche kill him he's killed in battle when Radovid betrays and invades Kaedwen. You find out shortly after meeting Yen for the first time in TW3.
9Game is over tho, and Ciri is empress of the whole North + Niilfgard, is allies with Temeria and Skeliige.I'm sure some fucking elves will prove a challenge.
0Oh maybe because their boss was conspiring against him? You have to be literally retarded to spare elite special forces of your enemy when you have a chance to kill them.
8Vorhees didn't mention Henselt at all in my game.That's weird.
3The only native races of the setting are all the short-stacks. Everyone else landed there at certain point after the Conjunction of Spheres.And toward the "stop saying that". It's not my fault that the games try to keep everything intact, but in the same time also try to white-wash elves, to the point where you can side with them in TW2. From the standpoint of books, that's THE most stupid decision one can make.
9You get more info on the Letho and his butt buddies on Roche's path.
4A FLEA HAS BITTEN A LIONFor some reason I chuckled when he croaked out that line. Must've been his delivery.
3you don't need to read them to understand the plot, the books make the plot better by filling out those kind of details.
6That's just one ending. She could also be on The Path, like Geralt.Or dead.
1its mentioned by the ambassador option conversation after you talk to Yen in Visima who fills you in on the state of the worldpolitical, you're choices in W2 make no difference, and have barely any dialogue changes
0playing or allying with elves everWorst fantasy race confirmed
2So you kill the agressor and for all their relatives you are now evil.How do you not get that good and evil are made up - you'll always be a bad person for some and good for others.
make the best western video game character in TW2drop him in favour of muh canonical waifu and daughterfu that no one actually cares aboutroche is only forced into the game through a brief and unsatisfying cameoThanks, CDPR.
0 tfw considering on killing radovid  radovid goes full cunt.  "right. you're fucken done mate"  go to planning room  broach wants the same thing you do Nothing will stop me now. That nigga is ded.
All those people who sided with IorvethFighting for realm for non-humansNever heard about Mahakan or Dol BlathanaLiterally bunch of retards tricked by power-hungry witch and her cronnies.
6No I talked to Vorhees again, didn't say jack shit about Henselt.Are you sure you're remembering this right?
3roche is only forced into the game through a brief and unsatisfying cameohas his own questpart of assassination plotstands with you at kaer morhen
3no one actually cares aboutSure. Post more smug animu gurls, maybe someone will take you more serious
47This is why I feel the Witcher 3 was written with Roche path/Roche killing Henselt in mind. It just makes more sense for Radovid to invade Kaedwen if it was in Chaos than if Henselt was alive.
2he's not Vorhees. he's a different guy. Ambassador somebody-a-rather.Yen even tells you to talk to him if you want to no more about whats going on in the world
0Why? It made Witcher 2 more fun and he's just as good a friend to you in Witcher 3 even if sided with Iroveth.
7So right now, somebody probably killed someone. And not only did you not prevent it, you didnt avenge it, you probably didnt even care. So now all who knew the victim think you are evil?Is that how morality works? You cant make neutral evil. Thats the whole point of being neutral.
3roche is only forced into the game through a brief and unsatisfying cameoHow about you actually play the game instead of shitting on it? Last time I've checked, Roche was vital character in TW3 with sizable chunk of the plot revolving around working with him.But how could you know, if you've barely entered Novigrad
Nah, that retard betrayed me and gave Letho the ability to escape and got Triss kidnapped, he can go fuck himself in 2.
4Going for the Witcher Ciri ending is pretty meh tho. It's as irrelevant as her dying.One more witcher won't make a single difference.Her becoming the ruler of a giant empire is the best you could do for the world. Not to mention not having to wonder if some shtty beast will get the best of her and distracting you from fucking Triss and eating baked goodies.
6He invades because henselt was busy dealing with a full blown nilfgarrd invasion. henselt died because he fought on the front lines with his men.
6pretty sure if you dont simulate/load a save the default path is Broche/Triss
8You say everything, but it's an RPG with choices so that's already impossible.Also you're making elves sound like they're worse than humans, but surely humans would do exactly the same thing given that situation so your choice being between two cunts of races makes sense.
4The game is doing a pathetic job of explaining why you should care about Ciri or Yen. It's basically "You like these people, adjust your feelings accordingly because it's in the books faggot".
98HenseltYou peasants need to kneel before the one and only true king.
1fucking Trisscaring about the world and not your friendsyou're doing it wrong
1To be honest that depends on how you play the game. Do you see Geralt as a self insert or are you trying to choose and act like Geralt would. Geralt got his memories back so he has plenty of reasons to care.
8I'm not seeing anyone else in Vizima you can talk to beside Vorhees and the dude you can play cards with.I have a save back here right after the yen conversation.Are you absolutely sure you know what you're talking about?
6That was ALWAYS the only path. Was anyone delusional enough to believe that things from Iorveth path could succeed or have any impact on the world? The Nilfgaardian who gives you info dump pretty much laughs how easy it was to take over Aedirn if Iorveth was your choice.
1implying Ciri would even know how to rule a giant empireShe's better off zip zap zoomin' about while killing monsters
2It still doesn't excuse that the game doesn't make any effort to demonstrate his emotions or to make you sympathise with them. The argument as to why you should care about Geralt caring about Yen and Ciri is "it's in the books, faggot".That being said it was a mistake to drop the amnesia to go full bookriding.
9Also you're making elves sound like they're worse than humansThat's the entire point of the books, mate
4Are you absolutely sure you know what you're talking about?stop acting like a smug prick and find ambassador von attre you dumb faggot.
1If you really care about your friends, you don't live their world in ruin, you egocentric short-sighted moron.
1Ciri can blink from A to B around her target.BLINK.Geralt has rolls and pirouettes, and can kill anything Ciri has and more alone. Space and time is Ciri's superhuman bullshit, which instantly puts her top of the food chain in any contracts.
0the game doesn't make any effort to demonstrate his emotions or to make you sympathise with them.maybe you should actually play the game before talking about it.
4Are you absolutely sure you know what you're talking about?Not him, but when you first arrive in Vizima, after your talk with Emhyr, and after you pass the courtyard, you'll see a schollar of some sorts standing by a fireplace, dictating to a scribe about how northern kingdoms suck big fat cock. He is in a room next to the one where Yen is - you need to pass right next to him.Later, when you talk to Yen, she'll actually recomend talking to him to catch up on latest political events: he'll give you a brief summary of the political and military events of the last six months since TW2. I think it's also his daughters, the twins that you'll meet in Novigrad later on.
4Implying you need any skills to be a kingTop kek
2I try to have fun with my video games, not 'meta game' to get the best ending for an imaginary world.
9the game doesn't make any effort to demonstrate his emotionsHe shows plenty of emotion looking for Ciri and for the 5 minutes you look for Yenn I guess.
2not caring for your friends in post apocalypse worldI am glad you arent my friend, anon.
1How is Niilfgard winning and Ciri becoming empress not the best for everyone?Niilfgard doesn't hunt non humans like all the north, doesn't burn sorceresses.It even restores Temeria, which would be pointless if Emhyr stayed in power, but Ciri is Empress now and she would keep the bargain and not betray Temeria.So Roche, Zoltan, Ciri and everyone else gets a happy ending.If you paid attention many of the villagers made positive comments about the Niilfgardian rule since it brought order and prosperity.
1best you could do for the worldfuck the worldIt's high fucking time somebody started caring about people, not 'the world'.
Saskia best girl
9Or maybe you should. I've been playing the games since the first one and I'm /true triss/ and now suddenly I'm supposed to love Yen because it's in some books whose canon is separate to the game where the amnesia didn't even exist.SHIT writing.
1But the entire point is that caring for this imaginary world is as fun as being an anti-social dickhead who condemns everyone.
4Best fantasy race confirmedFTFY.
9temeria is a vassal state not its own country, they are two different things
2SHIT writing.I seriously doubt you even know what the term "writing" means, much less have the capacity to judge one.
9I felt something about Ciri, but not because the game made me, but because I liked her character in cutscenes. On the other hand, Yen acted like such a cunt that I would love to just tell her to fuck of back to being nilfgaardian whore and let me handle Ciri myself.
9Well, Temeria was still vassalised and the deal was kept. Even after Emhyr was deposed, or the ending would have stated otherwise.
9for everyoneYou probably didn't notice the small fact of Ciri hating being the empress?
6Let's see...Choice A: Stop the apocalypseChoice B: Make life easier after the apocalypseWell, I'm glad I'm not your friend either
4She gets Yen to advise her tho, so that's a pretty good combo - Yen's brutality and Ciri's good nature.
2I'm supposed to love Yen because it's in some booksno, which is why you have a choice. just because you make choice A doesn't mean choice B is wrong, it's just different.
93I'm not seeing this guy at all and yen never said a thing about this either.Either you're both bullshitting me or there is something amiss here.
9I was actually confused where the game was going with Nilfgaard at the start of 3.At the end of 2 you're supposed to hate the bastards, but they honestly seem better than the retarded warring countries of the North.Granted I'm not too far into the game so they might go full scum mode soon, but so far they seem like decent folk.
1Ciri hating being the empress
0green textsome cool guy takes it personally for some reasonwho's the real dickhead here?
7Why? I will still fuck the world first chance I got for other friends. It doesnt matter if you are that friend. Better stack on canned food.
8Well its best for the people aswell.You have 3 choices - Radovid wins and fucking witch hunters raping and pillaging.Radovid dies, Roche dies, Emhyr loses and Dijkstra becomes king of the north and becomes a douchebag king.Or Ciri becomes empress, everyone gets proper order and justice, no more race discrimination.Wonder which is best for everyone.
67Choice C: Don't be a fucking idiot, stop the apocalypse, and everybody is happy because it's what Ciri wanted and she came back alive. Doesn't require her becoming empress, which she didn't want to do, but did it because she felt it'd be better than someone else taking the throne and resuming the conflict or ruling with an iron fist.
6The Nilfgaardian who gives you info dump pretty much laughs how easy it was to take over Aedirn if Iorveth was your choice.From memory, he doesn't even change is dialogue, just says how easy the eastern campaign to the pontar was because Aedirn was in chaos.Thing is, Aedirn should be stable as fuck if you saved Saskia and Stennis on Iorveth's path, but there's not even a mention of it. CDPR were just lazy as fuck when it came to plot the politics of W3. Imagine how cool it would have been if Henselt got involved in the plot to assassinate Radovid and that raised even more concequences.
0no Philipa becomes her adviser. did you not play the game
8Read The Postman, you Holnist scum
8but not because the game made me, but because I liked her character in cutscenes.
5The Northern Realms weren't so bad while Foltest was alive. He very much kept the peace between the rulers, and was a sort of voice of reason at summits.
2If you still love Triss after 2 you're a retard.She literally used your amnesia to make you believe you're together and she used you in 1 to become the advisor to Foltest so the lodge had a sorceress in Temeria.That's not waifu material anon, that's pump and dump material.Also fuck Sorceresses. Witcher 3 is automatically the best Witcher because you can directly murder a Sorceress after she uses you.
5I meant it that I didnt care that she was supposed to be my daugter. It sure sounded retarded, didnt it?
I helped Iorveth and now I'm stuck cause of a billion quest with no order. Does the harpies respawn?
6you can have ending 3 with Emhyr as emperor
9Please explain us how the fuck Aedirn is supposed to be stable. You have a country that was weak to begin with split in TWO, with one side not having any army instead of a single fucking dragon fighting on their side. And said dragon is also their ruler. That's stable? Especially when entire might of Nilfgaard is thrown at them
Not choosing Roche path to see Odrin
4Witcher universe Elves are fucking pathetic, they're just low life, white nigger trash. Compare them to traditional Elves like Tolkien, Warhammer or some other fantasy universes. They have no elvish mannerisms, they don't behave elvish, they barely even LOOK elvish. The Witcher Elves are despicable and deserve everything they got. Fuck 'em.
peasant's dream crystal you find in harpy lair in 2"come to me my hero, let's fuck in the barn"
6Cirigood rulerI wonder if any Empressfags read the books
1doesn't hate it, she realizes she'll lose some of her freedom but be able to do good.Which is better than her killing monsters for shitty pay.
7What I really, REALLY like in TW3 that she openly admits it and regrets it. No more banter, no more pretending that she wasn't using Geralt's memory loss for her own gain - card on table.
6Yeah, which is still shit because he's a war mongering asshole.
3dragonsarmyI though Game of Thrones already explained this simple concept.
0Either you're both bullshitting me or there is something amiss here.Something is wrong with you here.
7The Lodge was initially about keeping peace, but once they started offing people to put themselves on top, Triss was no longer involved.And if Yennefer gave a damn, she could've tried to contact Geralt after she became lucid from her own very brief period of amnesia.But, nah. Let's leave a womanizer to his devices for two years, who may also have amnesia and then complain that he'd been sleeping around like a complete hypocrite.
In which part do you get to assassinate radovid in TW3? I was never given the opportunity, i saved thaler from the rock trolls. i imported my Iorveth path TW2 which was an eleven TW1 save originally, did that fuck it up?
6witch hunters raping and pillagingDijkstra becomes king of the north and becomes a douchebag kingYou can't expect Geralt & Co to fix every goddamn problem in the world and leave it in a merry sunshine and bunnies state. There always will be a next douchebag, fanatic or a generally shitty person. There always will be pain and suffering, question is, will you subject Ciri to the fate she doesn't want or let her decide on her own?
8Nigger are you retarded? Lifting the curse to regainmemory is prophecized by Cedric as he lays dying. At least it did for me when the riots broke or out
0Anon, how the fuck can you be so retarded. There are literally 2 people in 2 rooms connected with doors. And you cannot get to Yen without going through the ambassador room.
1Follow Dijkstra's quests, speak to Roche, find Thaler. You'll be summoned to a meeting by one of Dijkstra's guys once you're back in Novigrad.
7Not if you go for Triss.
5You are of course aware that all events that chronologically happend after Geralt and Yen died are non-canon or just broad strokes in the games, right?
9Well there was that small skirmish at the start of 2.I'm guessing shit like that doesn't happen in Nilfgaard.7no Philipa becomes her adviser. did you not play the gameI swear to god if I don't get to kill that whore in this game I'm uninstalling this shit.
1didn't get him his spoils back from the master witch hunter, I assume that's it, i've finished the game, going to have to try it next time.
1you need to tell dijkstra about ciri when you take phillipa from him. 
8I think on Roche's path, Triss was meant to restore his memory? I don't remember.
0That's just the Witcher elves though. They are pretty shitty, yes.
7Dragon, singlular, that's for starters. And so far Witcher-verse proved that a single witcher can put down a dragon. Or that there are HUMANS who hunt dragons for a living and live for a while. Hell, you even meet few of them in the opening of TW2.So no, dragons  armies. It's not GoT. Deal with it.
8I broke his leg, it amused me
6What the lodge was about doesn't really matter.She used you either way. Also fuck Yenn for reacting the way she did when you told her you had Amnesia. Bitch you had Amnesia too, you know what Geralt went through.
1You don't need to. Just don't break his leg when you're leaving the bath-house with Phillipa and you get the last part of the quest.
0Doubt it, I'll start a new game on easy and rush through white orchard using a different Witcher 2 save.If he's not there again I'll know you're full of shit.
4they are still heavily based on the books when it comes to lore, characterization and basically everything elseCiri = shit ruler, too bad the game ignores any of her negative traits
5That skirmish happened partly due to lodge meddling and an angry fuck caught up in marital politics.1That isn't the qualifier. I didn't get him his loot, either.
9As I said before, he's not there, there is literally no one in that room.
4people not acting rational when emotions are involvedsomeone call the autism police
4To be fair, Triss was following Geralt around like a puppy since she was young, but he was busy and then he was bound to Yennefer because of his wish with the Djinn.Essi was best girl, I just like to shit on Yennefer at every opportunity.
5See7I fucked it royally, gonna try and get his loot back and not be a dick to him next playthroughAlso, does anyone know what the difference with importing the saves is? Is it only Letho/Sile? What about Foltests daughter?
7Suppose you do bring him to justice. It falls on Roche still to clear your name. At least with Roche at your back you're not a regicidal squirrel with a hatred for bald men.
0Doubt it, I'll start a new game on easy and rush through white orchard using a different Witcher 2 save.Dude, saves don't change FUCK about this: you are really just absolutely fucking blind. Van Attre is not a character from previous games. He is there, as you go visit Yennever, right next to the fireplace that connects both rooms. Just pay fucking attention.
4She does decide on her own you fucking Mongrel.The difference between Empress ending and Witcher ending is her actually getting the option by talking to her father.You can see it she herself organized to become empress behind Geralt's back in the ending. So I don't see how exactly you subject Ciri to the fate she doesn't want
4You can prevent half of the world going to shit on the cost of making somewhat unhappy empressOr make single girl truly happy with her life, while world goes to shitI think you should cut down your rampant individualism, anon, if you consider "the Path" as better choice. Especially since you follow the 2edgy4you teenage nihilism
3Please explain us how the fuck Aedirn is supposed to be stablebecause it fucking says so in the W2 ending. I'm not saying that they should have stop Nilfgaard, i just want CDPR to fucking acknowledge the different situation
9Emotions are always involved, you robotic fuck.According to you, we're all always irrational.She had amnesia, too, and was given a get out of jail free card. Geralt had no such fortune, and she made no attempt to find him.
6What about Foltests daughter?nothing I've seen, which is doubly weird since they went to the trouble of putting her mother in the game.
7But that's fucked up. When did everyone suddenly start hating on Radovid? Most troubling to me is the sbutle change in the narrative regarding Philippa Eilhart. Remember she took control of Saskia through a spell? As Sile said, Saskia would burn entire Loc Muinne to the ground and let nobody escape and tell of the revealed sorceress conspiracy. Philippa knew Geralt was there as well, but she didn't give a fuck. She tried to murder you, all the kings and everyone else who couldn't get out from there in time. Then suddenly she's some misunderstood good girl who is fit to guide Ciri and even be teamed up with? She assassinated Radovids father who was legitimately a good king to pursue her own agenda with some autistic plan to replace all northern kings with weaker kings to rule through them. Inb4 it was Nilfgaard who assassinated Vizimir all those years ago, Djikstra found the traces long after the death of Vizimir and when he brought it up to Philippa who was a co-ruler in the regency council suddenly there were assasination attempts on his head as well. That's why he left Redania and faked his own death.
9people not acting rational when emotions are involvedemotionsYenn was an emotionless bitch when you finally find her. Geralt looks disappointed at how little she seems to give a fuck about their reunion.
8Speaking about the books - Emhyr is one of few exeptions of "council does, emperor signs the papers", so it doesn't really matter. What matter is the shape of the world around. The war is going for past what? 10 years? 15 years? Stopping it is the best thing to do.
9I fucked a whole bunch of other woman but I had a totally good reason!she was just pissed off for fucks sake, it's not like she left him then and there. have you never dealt with a woman in your life?
8Games are pretty loosely based on the books, tho.In the games she's a great person and will be a great ruler, in the books - not so much, but they don't matter in the game universe.So fuck off bookfags, swear you cunts are becoming worse than GoT bookfags, claiming GRRM/Sapkowski's writing is anything other than shit.
Let Stennis liveAedirn still gets conquered easilyWELP
5Amen, I want to kill that sniveling little whore like a fucking piece of shit she is. It's because of Philippa the mages have an even worse reputation. I don't even care if Radovid is mad, she and some other little fucking shits deserver to get raped and burnt at the stakes. As our good bro Vernon Roche said in ending of Witcher 2 about the witch hunt starting: "You can't make an omelett without breaking a few eggs".
8Wasn't the last chapter all about saving her?What about the choice to shank Henselt? Seems like most of the choices are insignificant again, as per TW1 to TW2
0Philippa gets whitewashedFuck this game.
5implying the world goes to shitemyhr is a fine ruler though? do you really think ciri being empress just immediately means world peace till the end of time?
6she was obviously restraining herself because she was focused on finding ciri and mad at geralt for sleeping around. jesus christ you really are autistic.
1loselynot reallyif they were based on loosely like they originally wanted to do it, geralt would be a character creator
014 year old detected
0Are you forgetting the fact that she slept with other men? One in the same city as Geralt.Leaving him in bed, after a night of fucking.She's a manipulative cunt with double standards, and she deserves everything bad coming her way.
0and yet the game criticises me for not letting Ciri be alone in a room with that dangerous bitch.
6So was she emotional or was she restrained anon. Make up your mind.
0Having been through both, Iorveth's path has much better characters and quests.
5Stennis is a fucking mennis
0Then suddenly she's some misunderstood good girlnot at all, they need her for her magic. she's never vindicated at all, the fuck are you talking about.
The story inconsistencies between 2 and 3 make really angry.
B R O C H E R O C H E BO C H E B RC H E B R OH E B R O CE B R O C H
7Just wait for the DLC:^
7Not entirely. It's clear that the entire politic pileup is way over her league while she still tries to carve some power for herself and is still an awful person. In fact, the game makes her look like a pathetic loser who can't grasp it's over and she won't be able to do anything anymore, yet is still delusional about her personal importance and influence.
0useless motherfuckerB R O C H ER O C H E HO C H E H CC H E H C OH E H C O RE H C O R B
7like what? sure your choices don't really matter much but there aren't anything that doesn't make sense.
6Yes.And for very simple reason.There is nobody to fight with anymore. If Nilfgaard wins, they conquer entire North up to Kovir. There are NO OTHER COUNTRIES left. Everything is either under direct or in-direct Nilfgaardian rule. So it doesn't matter if Ciri is on the throne, but who wins the war. Emhyr has no heir, so securing the throne and keeping all of this land is kind of important here. Thus Ciri is a great choice, EVEN if she herself it not suited for the role.
7Van Attre is not a character from previous gamesAre you retarded or just pretending? How is it that's the conclusion your jumped to?He's not fucking there, I ran around that room for a good 15 minutes he's not there, he's never been there, oh and he's not fucking there. He's not by the fire place, he's not in the room next to Yen's, no one is, beside books and chests no one is in there. I'm starting a new game loading a different save to prove you're full of shit and it's not some bug. If it happens to be some bug fine, but judging by how agitated you're getting I'm assuming you're just a shitty troll.
1Wait are you actually saying you think D&D are doing a better job than GRRM? I mean after this last season? Really?
7Not even him, anon. He's in the room next to Yennefer. He's speaking to a transcriber who can't keep up, so he tells him to just get blank paper in triplicate and fuck off.After you speak to the Emperor and Yennefer, you can speak to him and he'll fill you in on how the war is progressing.
0when they made him go batshit insane on non humans considering 90% of geralts friends are nonhumannot even pol fags could defend radovid because almost everyone you meet in the games including geralt himself is a nonhuman
So if you play witcher 3 without the simulated save/save file from withcer 2, which path do you follow by default? Or do you pick at some point? Which is better?
7Technically, human witchers are still humans. Just Human+.Non-humans see human witchers as human, anyway.
1actually comparing asoiaf to witcher booksactually fucking comparing got to witcher gamesNigger, poles are on another fucking level compared to that fat retard grrm and faggots dnd. You better check yourself before you wreck yourself.
3We'll see anon, I'm collecting buckthorn as we speak.If he's not there this time you're officially called out on your bullshit.
1If you choose to simulate a save, you answer questions about it.
6No, obviously not. ASoIAF is itself pretty crap but it has some good plot here and there.The problem is everyone pretends its the greatest fucking thing ever.On the other hand the show is just random brutality and violence, meme spouting how everyone you like will die and trying to shock the audience to keep watching.So the show is pretty crap too, just has a big budget and standards have gone down lately.
4post screenshots
1Roche is just a straight up psychopathur a retard m8Broche is doing Gods work.
4Fucking hell, anon. Here, I took a capture from someone's LP of the game, as I don't have a save near there.
6remember the iorveth ending in 2 ? geralt even says it himself he's not human and iorveth said something along the lines of "can't believe i thought humans weren't all bad for a second" not to mention the whole story starts with geralt dying in race riots
4He's right, silly-buns; Ambassador Van Attre. He has jet-black hair and I think he wears a black and orange suit. Him and Voorhis are both the reason I trust Nilfgaard. It's actually run by intelligent people unlike Mad Rad and the other empowered Redanians.
0Geralt and most other witchers don't consider themselves part of their original species post-mutations, considering how they're treated.And Geralt was killed in the pogrom because he defended non-humans. The human population saw a man killing people trying to kill non-humans.
2ENB's Witcher 3 playthrough.It's painful to watch. All the reading of documents that takes a minute or 2 each time, shaky geography analysis and him pretending he doesn't know shit about the Witcher despite him actually having played Witcher 2 a couple of times. I like the guy but he's too ingrained in the Souls way of overanalysing everything.
2you have to talk to yen first then you can talk to the ambassador guycrikey people
1It would probably take years at current pace.
1Could've made your post a lot shorter by just saying he's a massive bottom-feeding faggot that should do the world a favour and fellate the barrel-end of a shotgun.
9He's just going to call it quits and go back to playing DaS at some point. Like with his Vagrant Story thing which was actually good.
1I've only seen a few pieces, my younger brother is collecting TW3 LPers, he won't do the sidequests. I don't mind his analyses, as it makes me think about things I didn't otherwise.However, every time I hear him compare it to Souls - or claim Souls does something fantastically - I want to scream bloody murder.
7You could have made yours shorter by saying "I'm 12".
4 Spoonfeed me please!Shut the fuck up you tit.
8I've got mixed feelings about Nilfgaard. They are not good. They are better, sure, few leagues better than what the Northern Kingdoms are, but... it's the lesser evil.I mean they've got working fiscal system, the country is run by educated bureaucracy, there is clear meritocracy involved while still maintaining a stable equilibrium with nobles, mages are mostly in control instead of their own powerplays and there are no racial issues or book burning... yet there is slavery, contempt toward other cultures than their own, cruelty that exceeds even Nordlings and it's after all a warmonging state.
5At the end of 2 you're supposed to hate the bastardsWhy? Just because they want to conquer land, like every other nation? Of course the northern propaganda would lead you to believe they're the hitler, but world isn't black and white
3world isn't black and whiteThat's what Yen's clothes are
3Because they're one of if not the biggest antagonists and the post credits cinematic doesn't paint them in a good light.They're better than the northerners though.If the prologue of Witcher 2 is anything to go by, the Temerians treat their own worse after a battle than the Nilfgaardians do.
36Black and white are the only colours you'll ever see again, once Nilfgaard controls everything.I actually really miss the striped outfits from 2.
So just finished my first run of the game at around 120 hours or so.Now thinking of doing another just to make some different choices but I ain't gonna bother will all the crappy side quests that don't matterraces, fights, witcher hunts, treasure hunts, or anything that doesn't matter in the big picture.So what mods should I go for? Fair sale and boosted XP seem like a must.
5nilfgard is not shown doing anything wrong on top of that the only way to save remaria , the only kingdom you have a connection with is to side with them
5You can make Temeria a thing in W3.
7Debug console might be good, if you want to just give yourself the Witcher sets instead of doing the tedious hunts for the diagrams again.
7Fair saleHaving any issues with money at allHOW?! I mean I was sitting on dought the entire time, there is fuckload of money out there.
5But their colours are black and yellow.
7The XP is a bug, you twat! Tomorrow they will release a patch fixing it. It was initially going to be a hotfix today, but CDPR decided to haul it with rest of the patch.
1Yellow is only acceptable on certain standards or decorative armour.All personal attire will be in customary black or white. Anything else is garish.
6What XP is a bug? Also, are they gonna fix the goddamn Chernobog runes?
Question, was crossing the Pontar supposed to be a big deal in W3? I did it completely by accident then later found a chokepoint mini-hub that was all about getting the proper papers to cross.lol fukin peasants can't even swim over a river
3Of course the northern propaganda would lead you to believe they're the hitlerThere are actually some wehrmacht and SS references in books and game, like Army Group Centre
5Or how about the bug where you can't move or get off your horse after mounting it.
0and greatly increases amount of money that vendors have.Because having to go to three different vendors to sell your inventory is fucking bullshit.
5slavery, contempt toward other cultures than their own, crueltyso just like every single kingdom in the north?
5Then I guess you've skipped all the tiny details thare are here and there, both in the books and in the games. Just recall such minor things like the sidequest wher ambassador's daughter run away during fencing lesson.Again, I'm not saying that Nilfgaard is some kind of evil empire of evilness. But they ain't good either. Simply better than the North
2Several quests reward you with passes, so kinda. But the fact you can swim across really does kill it.
2That's the first thing I did when he told me I needed a pass.Jumped into the river right infront of him, was expecting guards to ask me for my pass inside or something.
5Certain quests, including sizable chunk of the main quest in Novigrad, give no xp. And a lot of xp values from different sidequests and mainquests is giving other values than it should.In short - you are underlevelled by bug, not because the game design.
2try to go to Oxenfurt when I first arrive in Velen for an haircutNo one passes without a permitEnd conversationJump off bridgeSwim into town.Walk to bridge and try to get outNo mention of sneaking in or anything, can't leave without pass.They didn't think that through.
4How about finding the right vendors then, instead of first one from the left? All of "rich" vendors are right next to posts, so it doesn't even take walking.
8Strange. Throughout my first run, I felt quite overleveled after a couple hours in Velen. It was just those first few levels that really felt like a slow crawl, especially as kills give you almost no XP.No idea how they expect you to hit level 70, I can only assume any "expansions" take place before the finale. There's not much room for maneouvering in writing.
0So did I, but I don't want to have to gather random shit and what not - I just want to play through the story quests without bothering with the rest.Think of it as if playing the witcher 3 plot in a book - think Geralt will stop looking for Ciri to kill a couple of drowners or deal with some bandits?
I'm confused as to what the developers were thinking with armour penalties to stamina.It seems like light armour is the way to go for casting, but the griffin armour and passive say otherwise.
9SlaveryNone in NorthContempt toward other culturesvs. northern racism, neither being goodCrueltyMUCH bigger than in North, since pretty much everything is made with heavy hand and iron grip.In other words - Nilfgaard is Imperial China of the setting.
6Did you even read what the guy wrote? He wants to do a rush second play through for the main quest story with different choices.Doubt you can get to 30 with just the main quests, even after they fix it.
Iorveth pathget to hang out with old mates from the bookslearn more information about the wild huntlearn what the fuck actually happen to Triss after Letho kidnapped herlearn about the dragon and what the fuck the sorceresses are actually up tobecome bros with both Roche & Iorvethgets the opportunity to free Saskia from the control of PhillipaRoche pathbecome the errand boy for Dethmolde which eventually gets the Blue stripes killedbecause Roche is behind the conspiracy you helped Dethmolde solvelearn more about Serrit & Auckesgets to kill Auckes your bro who helped you track down the wild hunt before your amnesia kicked inRoche is your bro and Iorveth hates youyour mates in Vergen gets hanged by Henseltgets the opportunity to save Anais who has the strongest claimant to the Temerian throneI think I perfer Iorveth path tbh
7exactly, nilfgard is the "good" choicethey aren't even shown committing any real attrocities aside from the "killing monsters" trailer the first nilfgardian commander you meet in the field is an ex peasant who tries to help the localsmeanwhile radovid is burning everyone and dijkstra tries to murder broche while he never drops his cynical maski was ready to support dijsktra but my hearth belonged to broche
9So what are the 'right vendors' then?
4Yeah, but that's only in Velen. Suddenly you are stuck somewhere around level 15, unless venturing to Skellige, with very slow XP crawl on the mainland.6Griffin armour is anyway the best armour of them all, so why even bother? The stamina penalty is barely there after few levels, so you won't even notice it before you can actually wear it
7Now that Radovid is dead, I just have to kill Roche and Thaler, two of Geralt's bros and I will assume power.I can't wait, I'll just try to do it while Geralt is still there instead of waiting 10 minutes.What's the worst that can happen - oh I'm dead.The city of Djikstra.
8I'm lvl 19 almost 20 and I'm about to go to Skellige while doing only the main quest and nothing else. So I'm not sure how the fuck you play the game if you have xp issues granted, it's bugged, certain quests obviously should give you shitload of xp while you gain nothing
61full adrenaline bear school with adrenaline casting is effectively infinite casting
new Nintendo IP encapsulated everything wrong with the modern industryreleasing an unfinished game'free dlc' that is really just the portions the game should've shipped withcontent locked behind physical dlccharging full price for a game with barely any contentincroporating epic memes to target casualsI thought Nintendo was supposed to be the savior from these shitty practices?What went wrong?
The game has been released. People enjoy playing it.Are you fuckers still not done shitposting?
POST YOUR SQUID KIDS
1People enjoy playing a lot of shit. Why should this game get a free pass?
Free dlc for the online features of a game designed to be played online isn't an issue.$60 for a Nintendo game, though...
1It's E3 season, the time when shitposting is at its peak.
1direct attention away from the shortcomings of the game and just have fun :^nintendo can do no wrong!Fuck off
6Why can't you just understand that no amount of shitposting threads are going to change anything, and you're just stroking your e-peen by creating them?What the fuck are you expecting to happen? Moot to come and give you a blowjob for making a shitposting thread?
1All of what he said is true.Is shitposting the new retort when we read things we don't like, anon?
7direct attention away from the shortcomings of the gameWhere was I doing that?
760$wat
0All of what I said is true.FTFY, samefag.Actually bitching about FREE DLCActually BITCHING about free thingsJesus Christ, just go to fucking /r/playstation
1I didn't made anything, dipshit. I'm not the OP.
7'free dlc' that is really just the portions the game should've shipped withBut it's okay when CDPR does it, right?
7physical dlcThe more you type this, the stupider you look.
It's okay when Nintendo does it.
Why is free in quotations? Is it somehow not free?
7p-please stop enjoying something i-i don't like..!!!!I don't give a fuck if Nintendo does it.I don't give a fuck if Sony does it.I don't give a fuck if anyone does it.If people are having fun what is the fucking problem? Maybe you should try it and have some fun instead of being a bitter cynical faggot on an anonymous image board.
7Nice try OP
7incroporating epic memes to target casualsYou do know all those memes on the walls are stuff made by the players, not by Nintendo, right?
What weapon is your favorite? I honestly don't see the point in using anything other than the Aerospray MG. Inkstrike is god-tier. Mines are a hot mess, though.
7What went wrongThey started listening to their shareholders and went turbo-jew.
1Nah, Sonyggers have nothing else to do since their movies barely last them a days worth of entertainment, yet claim the multiplayer is the saving grace to each
charging full priceincroporating epic memes to target casuals
7The game shipped with two maps.This actually happened. Now you're narrative is the unfinished game is being updated with the rest of the content that it was supposed to have been shipped when it was ready .... for free. This is the narrative you just pushed. Do you see what you're doing?
i think its finally time for a nintendo containment board, their autism is simply too much
3Same reason people put "free" in quotations when talking about PS+ games.
7Of course no.
They decided to listen to feedback from Splatoonies during development. You know what Splatoonies clamored for after the game's reveal?WE WANT AMIIBOS!WE WANT LOTS OF DLC!WE WANT THE GAME TO BE OUT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!WE'RE PERFECTLY FINE WITH WATCHING THE SAME DEMO ON THE SAME MAP IN THE SAME GAME TYPE THROUGHOUT ALL OF E3 SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO ADD MUCH NEW CONTENT :DDDDDWE LOVE FUNNY MEME JOKE HUMOR PUT LOTS OF IT IN THE GAME
unfinishedI agree, they should have waited longer, but I haven't had a problem so far and ranked battle comes out soon.free dlcThis is the same as your point above..content lockedThe amiibos give you one or two costumes and that's it. They don't "lock" anything.full price Haha burgerlandepic memesWhy didn't you just put this at the start? Now I know you're shitposting.
5pay the base price for the gameget all the mapsI mean yeah it sucks they aren't on the disc but it could've been handled worse
0muh sony boogeymanI'd rather watch a movie than spend 4 hours playing the same gamemode on 1 map anyway you stupid faggot.
1They don't incorporate memes. The graffiti is all player drawn.
5The game shipped with two maps.Then how have people played 5 maps?2You make it real obvious when it's you, ACfag
6The amiibos give you one or two costumes and that's it.I thought they give you challenges as well.
8"I have not played Splatoon."-shitposter 2015
8If I were ACfag I'd be saying some dumb shit about how Bayonetta is a movie and how TF2 is the best game ever and how you hate TF2. I like Nintendo, but I hate Splatoonies.
7Savior of what? Cashing in on the same 4 franchises for the last 20 years?
9"I've never so much as looked at a Playstation yet believe Sony is the root of all shitposting"- Nintoddler, 2015
1the only ebin memes are from player drawn posts on miiverse
1Go have fun you dumb nigger. Nobody is stopping you.We can still talk about a shit game.Just because people enjoy COD doesnt mean we cant talk about how shit it is
9Yes, you replay levels with certain rules like limited time or play as the Kraken for the entire level. If you beat those, you get the armor.
6Yeah I stopped looking at buying a PS4 when I realized it's just a glorified PS3. :
7releasing an unfinished gametrue'free dlc' that is really just the portions the game should've shipped withit can be a preopcupation because they may add little or bad quality content, we'll not know until some months have passed, but yeah the game feels unfinished and rushedcontent locked behind physical dlctrue, i would have managed the extras in a different way, i don't mind them if they are just cometic, but the fact that they add playability by letting you redo the levels with other weapons should not be done in pay dlc imho it cuold havee been better just by ulocking the items for compleging certain levels under X ammount of timecharging full price for a game with barely any contentnot in europe, dunno in japanincroporating epic memes to target casualsmemes are a direct product people, nintendo didn't incorporate themall my friends got it, so i'll be buying a wiiu with this game soon, after playing it it is a nice game, but no way it should be considered a sistem seller. I like it and its probably going to last the summer for me and then i can just borrow the wiiu games my friends already have.i think its going to be worth to pay full price, but i think its worth waiting to see the future content they add to the game
7deflectinG
9All the challenges take place in areas available in the single player campaign. They just mix up some enemy placements and player toolkits.Which is fine by me, really. Selling a figurine and some extra content for people who want it is acceptable by me. It's better than having 60+ bucks worth of skins and grind bypasses in evolve, if you remember that. Nintendo is mild in comparison to that.I've sunk 18 hours into splatoon, no pun intended. And i'm only lvl 15, haven't finished the campaign and haven't unlocked every weapon. This game is easily a 30-40 hour game, which is just fine for 60 bucks. I didn't pay 60 bucks for it though because i'm not an amerilard.
1it's not like they have any games to play
Nintendo was supposed to be the saviorIt was, but the industry laughed at them for it. Consumers flocked in droves to the competition and demonstrated they were fucking casuals happy to pay for inferior gaming PCs with no games. This is our fault.
3How is it shit? Literally the only arguments there are isThere's going to be DLC!!Which is free andIt's popular and I'm not allowed to like popular things!
I honestly loved looking trough the archives yesterday seeing all those nintendrones shitposting about other companies doing these practices but suddenly backpedal when nintendo does itliterally the most spineless fanbase
3not in europe, dunno in japanOnly in the US maybe the whole NA?
9I have not played splatoonGuy with good taste
7Epicly meme'd my man.
7Are you the same kind of person that argues Ground Zeroes is a 30-40 hour game because you can just keep replaying the same shit over and over?
7Yeah I stopped looking at wiiu when I realized it was just a glorified wiiYeah I stopped looking at xbone when I realized it was just a glorified 360
7isnt the wiiu a glorified ps3?
7Nothing. It's perfect.Well, okay, it could be a PC game.
4I wouldn't call it glorified. Disinterred maybe.
7kek
6release half a game and release the other half in a few months time and call it additional 'free' contentno clue if the content is good or notnintentots praise their saviourGame has no content. That's why it's shit.
89maps rotate every 2 hours anon, so it is pretty clear you've never played splatoon
1It's a multiplayer shooter, man. CSGO is at least a 50 hour game, even though the gameplay is very cyclical in nature. I bet some people can get over a thousand hours out of splatoon. If you're comparing ground zeroes; a single player stealth game, to splatoon: a multiplayer arena shooter, then you're just ignorant.
I like how the memes, the lack of diverse game modes, and a shorter campaign than the fucking Order 1886 are justified with "shitposting" from nintendo fanboys.Face it, after that demo, which i played as well, you should've seen it coming.The 3 min long games are fuckign stupid too, you spend more time on menus than actually playing.
2Wow so now you get 1 of 4 maps every 2 hours, that means it's totally worth 60 buck.Of course I've not fucking played it you stupid faggot, you don't need to meet Osama to know he was an asshole.
5can fix that, Anon.
7point out shortcomingsMUST BE A SONYGGERfukkin lel
8If you can get 1000 hours out of playing the same game mode on less than 5 maps your head is fucked.Also CSGO has a shitload more to do than Splatoon.
market dominated by realism shooters are all sci-fi black and white with orange and blue or marine corps recruitment propagandamost shooters have become slow and cumbersome all of a sudden a bright unique shooter which rewards strategic play with a low entry skill bar but high skill roof drops and people on /v/ still complain. I mean yeah it needs more content and at it's current state is probably worth $40 but my guess is that it'll maintain the longevity of MK8. I don't see why it would become less fun if they keep throwing in new courses and weapons/clothes. Of course that's assuming that they do. I'm still skeptical. But this game is getting hype partly because shooters have become so stale as of late and I have no problem supporting colorful fun innovative games.
2Literally every Nintendo thread ever.
760$only 30€.
1Okay, I'll sign it.
2Literally every /v/ thread ever.point out shortcomings in a PC gameSONYGGERpoint out shortcomings in an Xbox gameSONYGGERWhy does the entire board have such a bizarre hateboner for this company?
0all shooters these days are boring because MUH SPACE MUHREENSI want this to die.
9 1 of 4 maps every 2 hoursnow you're making even less sense
4No, it just means a player is invested in a game. I know of tf2 players who play the same maps over and over again. Same with CSGO, look at how many people are constantly playing de_dust2. It's the most popular map and people have spent thousands of hours on it. It does not mean they're fucked in the head.You're fucked in the head for thinking it.
2The memes are taken from Miiverse. Stop using it as an argument against the game.
7Simply because it's the most popular.Note how /v/'s favourite platform is the DOA WiiU, and it's least favourite is the extremely well selling and popular PS4.
3The setting isn't the key problem. Also I'd argue that most shooters have a realistic military setting. Which makes sense, when you work at a completely banal and unimaginative studio why not make something that requires no imagination. But my issue lies more within the slow and boring gameplay, poor map design, and yeah, generally boring art style.
tfw OP hasn't played splatoon
0Nah mate trust me, your brain's well done in if you derive enjoyment from spending 1000 hours on a game with 5 maps and 1 game mode
7Money. The same that has happened with CD Projekt, Valve and every other major gaming comany.It's the brave new gaming world all the goys dreamed about some 20 years ago.
7Ask why counter strike got so popular in the first place then. People literally only played on dust 2 back in the day. Now please just kill yourself.
Nintendo fans are all hipsters. They don't care about actual content, just the memes.
7"tfw OP has good taste"
$60requires physical DLCNintendo are just as cancerous.
1School literally just go out.Also remember who continually is voted as worst fanbase.
3Only poorfags need be worried.
7You don't like originality.that's what went wrong.
8Because Counter Strike fans are also fucked in the head?oh no i'm losing the argumentbetter tell him to kill himself
7'free dlc' that is really just the portions the game should've shipped withThere is nothing wrong with this as long as it's released in the first month and it's free.
1Pretty sure he was being facetious when he wrote that line at the bottom right. Also that comic is unabashedly about hipster culture in the early/mid 2000's sooo
3$70$40 worth of physical day one dlcrandom chance of the game spitting acid and killing your familyfucking nintendo
want to buy some nintendo stockcheck valueway too high to get any right nowHoly shit I wish I had put all my money into Nintendo stock 4 months ago when it was at like 90€, now it's 160€
9Just kill yourself, man. Being fucked in the head and enjoying a game is nothing compared to your mental disabilities.
70If it's free, nobody should complain. The difference between Witcher 3 and Splatoon, is that Witcher 3 came with a substantial amount of content already and the DLC is cosmetic or small quests, stuff that was content locked out in a game that was delayed twice. Thus, delaying it again was pointless.Splatoon, on the other hand, has barely any content and still has it, even though there is evidence DLC is paid for ambioo and no to my knowledge evidence it will be free.
7Because you pay for online on Wii U?
6Now THIS is damage control!
1This is exactly why you are a stupid goyim. They are doing this to excuse for the obvious paid dlc after the "free" ones are doneLOOK WE ARE THE GOOD GUYS, WE GAVE YOU FREE DLC, NOW WE HAVE EVEN MORE IF YOU PAY FOR IT
2Using ''you're fucked in the head if you do this'' as an argument is damage control.
5Because you're paying for the full game but only being given it as a download later on, just like you pay for the games that come with PS+.
5I reaped the benefits of this, too bad the service I used charges more when you invest outside my country. My guess before e3 is honestly microsoft. I think Sony has filled out its base with console sales but lots of people still don't even know about the Bone. I'm thinking this year they'll get the casual market pretty strong. I don't know if I recommend investing, but I invested before the kinect and then pulled the fuck out quick after making bank, so consider it.
5Yeah, because they've given up on the Wii U and are releasing games on mobile platforms.
5Are you trying to tell me that someone who can spend 1000 hours on the same game mode, playing the same 5 maps, doesn't have some form of mental problem?Go on, tell me to kill myself again. It won't answer the question.
25Would you two queens just fuck and get it over already.
5given the scarcity of amiibo and also the fact that some people don't want to buy shitty little toys I think they should make that DLC downloadable for half price.
2Time to stop posting before you make yourself look even more retarded. You've lost, so either become a better person or kill yourself.
7memes from community before releaseanyone disliking it is just called a shitposter40 year old men obsessing over a children's game
6I think they should make that DLC downloadable for half price.People would lose their shit if Nintendo did that. At a 1/20th of the price maybe, and even then...
1Yes, i am saying that they don't have some form of mental problem. The argument you're presenting has no evidence and only stems from your perception. dota players play the same map over and over again for thousands of hours. It only means they're invested in a good game, not that they're ''fucked in the head''.Now please kill yourself.
Fable 2 is releasedcomes with a Limited Editionincludes codes for Halo Spartan armor and an energy swordarmor is only aesthetic, and sword is only good for early-game contentdlc is only available to those who purchased the Limited Edition8 years later, it's finally released on XBL Marketplace for everyone, for $1between those years, download codes were sold on ebay for roughly $50same exact thing happened with the Collector Armor in Mass Effect 2Nobody bitched about this, but here we are complaining about 3 character costumes, with 2* stats, that are locked behind Amiibos...like it's some sort of goddamn travesty by Nintendo.
8Really? Can you link to these?
8I mean I think having it as DLC to begin with is bullshit. I just love collecting cosmetics in games but hate clutter/shitty toys.
2Sure, I'll be the catcher.
1someone has a different opinioneven goes so far as to present legitimate argumentsS-STOP SHITPOSTINGFuck off. Just because someone disagrees with you doesn't mean they're shitposting
4anon, I played one tf2 map back in the day when tf2 was fun nonstop, 5 hours a day for 10 month. Than the server went offline. I dont even talked much with the guys there, I know they called me mute at one point but I didnt mind, iw as there for the map
8How can you tell if they're Nintendrones?
4But there will be new maps and modes way before one thousand hours in Splatoon is even possible
8There is a clear line between disagreement and shitposting and /v/ shits all over that line.
5Have they confirmed any dates for the new maps/modes? I haven't been keeping up. Also anything about new cosmetics?
5miiverse?you mean memeverse?xD
7Or you'd lie about what people said in the past, like you did there.
Check Youtube "Squid or Kid video"Nintendo has disabled commentsIt's almost like they ANTICIPATED you pedophiles "shitposting" on the trailer!
4Ive literally played 370 hours of dust 2, inferno, and nuke.the other modes are ok, but bomb defusal is where its at.
2Doesn't give a sourceExpert shitposting.
8I could be wrong but Nintendo disables comments on all their videos
1Nope: Checked multiple videos, they only have disabled comments for Splatoon videos.
7Splatoon is a console shooter with tons of issuesPC shooters are deadnobody else makes shooters anymore aside from the yearly re-releases of Modern Warfare 2 and Battlefield: Bad Company 2Looks like shooters have gone the way of the Dodo.
8Actually they released the Squid Kid video with comments enabled, but then it got thousands of comments of people shitting on it for being awful so they closed the comments.
0videosYou mean video. The rest all have comments enabled.
6If people enjoy it, it doesn't need a pass.
Regardless of lack of content which will be added anyway, this is the best shooter i have played in a long fucking time. Why are people dismissing the fact that its a new creative take on one of the most stale genres in the industry? Do you fuckers want more COD and battlefield? We should be encouraging this sort of innovation
4shitting on Bad Company
people bitching about free updatesPay 60 dollars nowGet the content once it releasesORPay 60 dollars laterGet the same contentHeaven forbid people would rather play the game now.As for Amiibos:Few select missions from singleplayer, but with a different weaponCosmetic setLobby Mini-gameI fail to see how this is "crucial" content cut from the game.People wanted inkling amiibos, Nintendo made inkling amiibos, the amiibos did what theyre designed to do.
9Bad Company 2 was alright, but I don't like paying $60+/year for more content packs for it, especially since they require Origin.
7Well. See, Bad Company and Battlefield are different.One was an amazing MP, the other is mediocre.BC2 was the first game I got to max level on.Hardline is also OK, Bank Job is a pretty equal map.
7People wanted inkling amiibosNo, retards like you wanted amiibos. Sane, rational human beings want this amiibo shit to stop and for Nintendo to quit locking game content behind hard to get figurines for kidsRead: grown ass autists
7This was drawn by the Chen artist
3hard to get figurinesThey're not hard to get if you pre-order. Are you poor or too stupid to do that?
I couldn't care less about the game.I do care about good R34 and it's already got an incest OTP, so I don't care.
1Dawww
0he doesn't knowhe doesn't know that some Britbonger probably a nigger/paki stole a truck/lorry full of Splatoon stuff collectors edition, I think, comes with AmibooGIT GUD UNNEWSNIGGER.
7I know that happened, and it has nothing to do with the argument the other anon was using.
0So it being nigh impossible to find the amiibo that unlocks the content you want in a particular game less than a month after release is okay? There's nothing wrong with that?
complains Nintendo isn't modern enoughnow complains Nintendo is too modern¯\_ツ_/¯
I honestly believed calling out "SUMMER!" was just a meme but it's so fucking true. There is never this amount of shitposting on /v/ any other time. Christ.
physical dlcThey're literally the single player missions with other weapons.
0High Skill Roof literally shoot floor to win PutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPutPut
9Pre-ordering will avoid the issues, if the truck doesn't get stolen again. Nintendo fucked up and massively underestimated the demand for amiibos, but since they're re-releasing Marth that a sign they're trying to correct this mistake. And if minor locked-addons are a make or break situation then the game can't have actually held that much appeal to you.
Nintendo releases a bad gameNiche group of fans talk about itNintendo releases a new, interesting and fungameSonyggers shitpost relentlessly, upset at the fact that the console that actually has games isn't the hunking piece of shit that they paid $500.00 for and they can't use their Dedicated Facebook Button for anything other than BloodBlunder.Proceed to try and justify their shitposting by claiming that anyone disagreeing with them in ever thread is a Nintendo fan like Feminists claiming that GGers are the ones who used up all the toothpaste. Sonyponies, never change. I assume that your desire to eat feces and insult other people for eating half-baked cookie dough must keep some great threat to gaming at bay.
FUCK SONYFUCK NINTENDOPRAISE MICROSOFT AND THEIR BETTER CONSOLE
9multiplayer focused game with little multiplayer contentMUST BE SONOGGERS XDD
6/v/anything but shitposting at any timeoh u
8Yes it does. People preordered it and didn't get it.So, saying "not hard to get if you pre-order" is incorrect.Nice. Try. Nig. Nog.
3Skill is important for pretty much everything but krak-on roller.
3I want that trend to die too which is why I like Splatoon.
6like bloodborne just released right
1who the fuck else cares other than sonyggers? it aint PC fags or xboners thats for damn sure.
3I get hard when I see how much people hate these figures with tiny amounts of content. Do you think you could reply to this post telling me why nobody should ever get an amiibo because it's for manchildren so I can climax?
4heh
Ball pitIs there even a defence for this?
2People preordered it and didn't get it.Because an act of God, or some random crim. That or they tried to pre-order something that anyone could see was a seriously hot item the day before release.
9ballpitsNot fun
8inb4 some response about the bantz and muh /v/ culture.
2I'm getting flashbacks to the dashcon ballpit.
9Hahaha fucking nintoddlers, Sony never have ballpists xD
6Are you actually going to deny most of the OP?
7Im just here for the loli porn
9ObviouslyWhat would Sony know about fun and games?
8Sure, why not.
1I hope you realize that you're one of the major contributors to the "everything wrong with the industry" contest
0Fuck you, Nintendo doesn't even have Bloodborn which is the only fun game of 2015.
8Anyone who has bought a game from a major publisher in the last five years is. You can't dirty your hands with some bullshit and then claim that just because other people are more covered in shit they're the issue.
0And what's wrong with paid dlc if it doesn't affect gameplay, exactly?
You guys think way too much and over analyze shit. It should be this simple:are you having fun?y/nStop right there, I know what you're probably thinking and that's something along the lines of, "But I don't find X fun! Y isn't fun to me in this game!"Don't think about all the little things, just ask yourself if it's fun or not, you needn't explain it. I've found that I've been able to enjoy so many more games this way without nitpicking every little detail that doesn't make it a 10/10
2I said major. We hardly can influence the whole industry on a truly global scale, but we sure as fuck can at least recognize when publishers and devs are fucking with usDon't try to evade this very fact. Because I sure as fuck hope you're actually evading and not just a dense faggot
4we sure as fuck can at least recognize when publishers and devs are fucking with usYeah, people recognize it and they still support the bullshit. Why else would all the problems be so wide spread if it wasn't making money hand over fist. Because I sure as fuck hope you're actually evading and not just a dense faggotWhere do you think you are?
9The question is: are you having a good fap?yes of course
9It's human nature to amplify the negative, bro
9The bloodborne ballpit was better tbh
0fun and gamesball pitadultsfuckin autists
9Nothings more adult than shitposting on an anonymous image board, rite ;^
2abloo abloo bloo bloo bloo
Op is so fucking stupid I can't tell if this is bait or not.
9On the other hand, you can initially not have fun with a game but have fun as you get better at it/learn more about it. Like I had zero fun when playing a bunch of different games before getting better at them.Basically all of grand strategy genreRTS gamesVarious puzzle gamesBut I stuck it out and challenged myself to get better and when I did, the fun improved.I don't think this applies to certain things though. Like the Order is just shit, there is no getting over the lack of enjoyment hump.
, 
This is what all video game companies should be like.
9this is a reddit tier thread.
inb4 "they could've added them in the base game, so even I get them now anyway, they're worthless"
Dear Gamer
dear gamerholy shit those pollacks really went all out with autism pandering.
side quests, alternative costumes and horse armorsomething to strive for
0Who should the letter to the buyer be addressed to?CDPR makes games for people who play them, making the players effectively gamers.There is nothing wrong or autistic with calling your consumers what they are in conjunction with what they doits like Honda writing to their consumers and calling them "drivers"
3implying witcher3 side quests aren't great
03Would "dear consumer/customer/sir or madam" be more palatable? Genuine question about semantics here.
see the CDoh boy can't wait to listen to these 4 tracks I'm looking at you, Devil Shillvivor 2: Wallet Breakermfw 31 tracks
3absolutely positivenot necessary but a good option nonthelessequipment with use in-gameat absolute worst, the quests are still a plus, and you don't need to take everything.
WOW THANKS PROJECT RED WARSAW CAN'T WAIT TO BUY THAT EXPANSION PASS AFTERWARDS FOR 25 EUROS THAT'S 600 AMERICAN DOLLARS
4CDPR makes games for people who play them, making the players effectively gamers.Or, you know, playersits like Honda writing to their consumers and calling them "drivers"They''d call them customers or consumers
9Does it say "Thank you for playing" after the credits?If no, then they are a souless company, no matter what silly apology they write on a piece of paper.
9Just DL'ed the one from GoG and it's 35. Might want to have that checked.
5people who play games calling them "gamers"people who play games calling them "players"they're synonymous.they'd call them customers or consumersno they'd call them drivers because honda expects their consumers to use honda cars to drive themI know honda makes more than just cars, they make lawn mowers and other outdoors appliances but Honda Motors for explicitly cars and vehicles would address their consumers as drivers.
1It would actually look professionnal. Saying "dear gamer" looks like faggots tryharding to look professionnal. Just my opinion
1Gamer sounds reasonable. Anyone who says otherwise just likes posting pictures of fedoras for the hell of it.
9Comes off as really desperate if you ask me
9gamerfuck off
WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE
0Thats not tryharding at allThey expect their consumers to play games, and a person who plays games is called a gamer. A player of gamesIf they called them "players" it'd be obfuscating because a player who plays well what the hell does that mean? what does he play? oh he plays games? well lets be a little more specific, he'd be a gamer.
believing such cringe PR bullshitGood goy
9Why is there fucking 16 DLCs to begin with? If your shitty company cared about 'gamers' they would have shipped it with all the features added anyway.
6Or they could just say "dear customer"
gamerI will always hate this word.
3I only agree with this sentiment on Day One DLC because it implies that if you made the game then started working on DLC before the game is even out, maybe that DLC should have been on the original game to begin withIts different for say a game like dark souls where the DLC game out a long time after the original game came out implying the DLC was worked on after the game was released.
spent years making the gamerip out contentsell the game at a price that accounts for all the work that has gone into it, including ripped out content slap 'free DLC' on it and release it later to look like good guysidiots fall for itHilarious.
3My assumption is that it was due to the numerous pushbacks/delays.It's obvious they got everything important in, and the 16 DLC crap is just little extra shit. It may seem like ass, but at least they aren't charging for it.6 years ago your question would be warranted, but I fear that age will never return.
0That sounds terrible
, 
, 
game has character customisationno long socks or stocking optionsAll of my rage.
game only has small breast options
B give the best AT
cant customise eye colourstuck with shitty default brown
no barefoot optionAbsolutely disgusting
1no barefoot optionPosts a chinese cartoon with shoes
1Season 2 when?
 Gloves cannot be seperately added to the character Requires a special outfit to wear
1Because it's fucking not comfy and your boots and feet will smell horribly. Also sandals look fucking gay and are only acceptable in a desert or when you go canoeing/rafting
0I'm so glad they fixed that in GTA V.Can't equip cosmetic items like bags everOnly appear in certain missions
You could get pony socks to make you feel better, anon-kun~
4those normal xbox huge tits.
6Thigh-highs are the only one worth it anyway.That said, any game that has skirts/dresses but no nylons is terrible
4not overkneeliterally gay.
4Go to bed Matt.
6no pantyhose optionno option between a & bAwful
Fuck
game has animaypanders to waifu faggotsno wonder the fanbase has no respect for quality
Why don't girls just always wear thigh highs and skirts?
6A - SlutB - SlutC - UniformD - SlutE/F - Socks
6ANNO DOMINE MMXVGame doesn't allow you to customize at least this muchThe sure marker of a shit game.
6Game has thigh highs as an option
5there are people who dont like this level of customization and prefer to just have one piece sets.
2Only girls can wear them
6There is a thing as too far, meaning anything more than 2 item slots, and one weapon slot.
2No problems here.
game has ZR elves
1/tv/
8game has elves
4game has elvesthey don't have dark skin
4game has elvesyou cant rape them
5These games truly are worse than Hitler
6Do Japanese schoolgirls actually wear that kind of stuff in uniform or is it just my chinese cartoons?I read somewhere that the sailor uniforms are being phased out of uniform because they're so fetishized.
6C master race
0I think it isn't obligatory but they wear it when it's cold because of warmth reasons
1and your boots and feet will smell horribly.horriblyBitch, you don't know how hard that makes my dick. Have you ever smell'd girl's feet?
cycle/jog/hike a lotstart dressing nicelyget longer, tight dark dress socks that go between shin/above knee because I love how it feelsgo out with some friendsgay brit jokes about americans wearing whitesocks and shit clothes, pointing one guy out and then he pulls me in he was wearing shit shoes and raggedy sockslift my leg and show himgirls and a few guys admire itsome rub my legFuck I've never been so confused.
7Nice story, queer.
I bought myself some striped thigh-highs for fetish reasons but now I wear them at home because they are kinda comfy
7Longer socks do feel great. Those socks that go below your ankles look fucking disgusting to me. Why the fuck anyone wears that shit.
3Its ok anon. No shame for a girl wearing such gear.You are a girl, right.
5pizza bagtip jardog ring
6it doesn't show up on the characterThen what's the POINT?6Convenience.
8I can be one if you want me to
6Shorts.If youre wearing anything but ankle socks in shorts, its considered a fasion faux pas
Have pretty normal socks that can stretch pretty farpull them far enough that they're just under my knees, some of them even over themfeel girly and cuteget turned onIt's really comfy too.
3I have long socks from baseball that I can't even wear because my legs are monstrously hairy. It actually hurts if I were socks past my ankles, it's truly suffering. I wish I could wear long comfy socks.
5fucking follower shoe DLC. such a ripoff
1fasion faux pasEnglish please. Is it not acceptable to wear basic socks that just go just over your ankles?
0It actually hurts if I were socks past my ankles, it's truly suffering.I know that feel.I shave the area just above my ankles and the tops of my feet to keep my socks from chafing.
7I dont want to, sorry anon.
4"normal"implant-tierstop watching porn
find cute panties in the downstairs laundry roomspirit them away and wear them sometimes when I want to feel sexyno homo
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Rise of the Tomb Raider confirmed on 360fucking dropped.
0fucking dropped.If you hadn't already dropped it when you heard that this game was a sequel to TR2013, I don't know what the fuck to tell you.
Why is the Tomb Raider rising anyways?
2TR2013 was great though
Rise of the Tomb RaiderSo is that title meant to be a joke or what?She's not some Lovecraftian horror, she's just a rich kid that steals artifacts.
8I thought it was a complete snoozefest
8TR2013 was great though
30It was a fairly well received game. Not on /v/ of course but else where it was well received. Nothing wrong with if you found it boring but you shouldnt be surprised that a sequel was announced.
8It was boring as fuck and got rid of the fun environments and crazy enemies in favor of an Uncharted-esque run and gun
8I refuse to believe people with such absolute shit taste exist.
Why are you barely hearing this? It means you don't need the bone
7It was a fairly well received game. That's not the issue here, jackass.
Post-Core Tomb Raider rankings:Anniversary  Reboot  Underworld  Literal shit  Legend
2I've actually never played any of the older Tomb Raider games. Where should I start?
7It was a great game. Don't mind /v/. /v/ only likes dark souls.
8TR2013 was great thoughkek every day the standards drops lower.
2Anniversary  Underworld  Legend  Reboot  Uncharted
8People liked it. Your opinion of it is irrelevant because enough people liked it to warrant a sequel. You can say everyone has shit taste or whatever, but the fact remains that it's a business decision. Besides, it was a good game, just a bad TR game.
4I enjoyed it. Suck a bag of dicks /v/.
6The first 4 games are instant classics. The fifth was a quick cash-in and should only be played if you really like the previous. Angel of Darkness should be avoided at all costs. If you think the first game is too dated, try the remake. Underworld is pretty good.
0So, I never played any Tomb Raider game, but I was interested in the Tomb Raider reboot since It's the first Lara I likeIs that one really a total reboot DMC style or is it a prequel/shit like that Star Trek/Doctor Who style?
2It's about as drastic a change as Prince of Persia to Assassin's Creed
5I was agreeing with you, friend.It was fun and it was a much needed reboot to a series that had gotten pretty fucking stale. It was a little too much run and gun and not enough tomb raiding and puzzle solving to be a great TR game, though. I can forgive it once, but the sequel had better correct that.Also, lol at timed Xbone exclusive. What were they even thinking?
0Even uncharted is better than this shit
LESS THAT TWO WEEKS LEFTARE YOUR BODIES READY FOR E3?POST REPORT CARDS, WITHSLISTS, "LEAKS", WHATEVERALL ABOARD THE HYPE TRAIN!Also who/what should I add to the pic?
oatmeal-san deliveringmaybe him in the planet express ship?
Blue Falcon one of the biggest items in that imageImplying they're going to announce a new F-ZeroFuck off.
9oatmeal-san? literally who?
Half life 3
Something about the Bloodborne expansionHopefully it won't get shitposted to oblivion by people who sincerely believe they are superior to everbody else simply because they don't like the PS4 and brag about it on anonymous image boards
Things that would be nice:Serious Sam 4 Croteam is in the "PC conference", FFXV for PC, HL3 used to promote the Vive. Dota 2 and L4D3 can't be used for this, anything related to the Vive, the motion controls for Oculus this is confirmed and maybe a new Paper Mario.
I'm so excited for everyone's conferences for once, I own all the consoles, I have no reason to discriminate.
as I was making this, I was actually somewhat surprised that out of all the participants this year, Square Enix has cornered the market on most of my hype. they are fighting tooth and nail to rehabilitate their image and brand these days and I think they might just pull it off.
7I have no reason to discriminateso are you admitting to previously hating on platforms/games simply because you didn't have them or couldn't play them? what a fucking obnoxious and weird thing to do, honestly.good games should get praise, regardless of whether or not you can play thembad games should get scorn, regardless of whether or not you can play them
, 
PROTIP: YOU FUCKIN' CAN'TBECAUSE IT'S THE BEST FINAL FANTASY EVER MADE
Every day now?
Not fast-paced enough.
2battles are numerous, tedious and slow, the animation to go into a random battle alone is enough to make you go insane, even by ~2000 standards
Necron.
I got bored by the middle of the 3rd partnot enough challenge, only died once
7This.I love the game to death, but holy shit is it slow.
slow as fuck battleshalf of the cast is unlikable or forgettablelackluster OSTNecron out of fucking nowhereMy name is DaggerFF9 is shit.

Characters are unrealistic and childish, like a 9 year old designed them.The world is pretty good, but the characters ruined the game for me, I couldn't take anything about the game serious, especially after 7 and 8.
22Bloated, uninteresting cast that are pretty much one-dimensional. Story with poor pacing. Battles are slow as fuck. Everything feels like a step backwards but with pretty graphics so players won't notice. Music is okay, though.
So how many of these games are actually worthwhile?
now that we know the next dedicated gaming system from Nintendo will be 100% tablet controlled, I say all of them, as each of them will be better than any of the shovelware adnroid crap that's going to bless us in the future.
, 
Let's play a game, /v/. Which path would you choose?
go for x every time are you shitting me
I'd take the bat
Not fighting bare handed like a real man
2Go north.
go for knife enemybat gives you a slight range advantagestabs can fuck you up, but not every stab is a lethal onemeanwhile a single hit from a bat will really properly fuck you up
Turn 360 and walk away
2The bat, even unarmed I'd prefer to take on a knife than a bat, assuming the assailant is competent at wielding either.
What's the difference between Western and Eastern fantasy?
Hot girls.
8Lolis
17-year olds coming to age and saving the world in process. Every fucking time. Also pantsus
God I love bikini armor.
Western fantasy: Manly men and manly women go around on punch-ups dueling dirty inhuman monsters.Eastern fantasy: Very feminine girls and feminine guys go around casting spells in order to defeat ambiguous monsters of varying levels of sympathy.
East: Imaginative. The blend of numerous cultures that will make one coherent product. West: We just saw LOTR and thought it looked cool: The videogame.
East: WRPGs that went CHURRRAYZEEWest: serious business for serious gaymers
8west more realisticeast less realisticthat's all, western people's immersion breaks more easily
Why is it so hard for them to make a console that is up to current gen console standards in technical specs without any built in gimmick Bullshit?They could spend all their PR promoting their in house exclusives but still have available all the big AAA multiplats as devs would have the power they want to work with without having to develop around motion controls/touch screens/the tablet/etc.I get that Nintendo wants to innovate the industry, but you can't pave the way for change unless your already leading the charge.
They're stuck in the 90s.They are convinced they are doing everything right and that everyone else is scruing them when in reality times have changed and it's them that is screwing the third party devs.
7It is cheaper. Wii U probably has zero manufactory costs. Nintendo can sell the Wii U with 100% profit margin.
Well doll I guess we really are bloodborne after allBRAVO A TEAM
Well Ciri, it seems we really are The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
Sora, can't you see? This is the Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix +!BRAVO SQUEENIX
Dank /tv/ memes, bruh.
Well Doc, I guess we really are Back to the Future: Part 2 the Videogame.Bravo LJN
Oh no! Time is running out! Hurry, Half Minute Hero Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy!this isn't even clever anymore
What's the point of these threads? Do you guys really find this funny? It was amusing the first few times but now it's just beating a dead horse
and I'm Phoenix Wright... Ace attorney.seriously?
3This started on /v/ with TLOU you silly newfig.
1lol
Wow Ryu, you truly are the Street Fighter 2 World Warrior
Well I guess we're truly, finally Advanced Dungeons & Dragons: Eye of the Beholder II -- The Legend of Darkmoon
4Well Goro, I guess we really are the Mortal Kombat
Didn't you hear us Master Hand? We're Super Smash Brothers for Wii U and 3DS, bitch.Sakurai is a fucking hack
We're born by the bloodBRAVO FROM
Well Sif, I guess we finally got our Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition [-dsptde-2.0-]MIYAZAKI A SHIT
8first one that made me kekwhy is he talking to sif ahahaha
Do you people actually find this shit funny?
5noWell Silked Slut, I guess we truly are Watchingmen
8kek4Well Soap, I guess we really are the Call of Duty 2
8o I am laffin
Well Dracula, I guess we really are Man: a miserable pile of secrets
1Noice
"OUR AGE... HAS BEEN BROKEN!!!"Bravo Schafer
Cool my own Terminator 2: Judgment Day!
Well cyka, I guess we really are assfaggots 2
well Ocelot, I guess we really are the metal gear solid 4: guns of the patriots
"This is the dawn of a new day, this is the Age of Empires 2: HD Edition"BRAVOM$RAVOM$AVOM$VOM$OM$M$$
My whole life is just cold, butter HatredBRAVO DESTRUCTIVE CREATIONS!Oh wait...that actually happened 
, 
, 
Holy shit /v/ this game was amazing. Why don't you ever talk about it? Why did so many people say it was shit? People were shitting on it regardless of it being a reboot Dat gameplayThose Boss fightsDat Level DesignDat Bill O'ReilyDat Kat
The boss fights are lame and the gameplay decent at best.Level design was cool though.
Best level design out of all the DmC. It was the only reason I played till the end.
3Why don't you ever talk about it?because /v/ has the worst taste in games that i've ever seenor anybody has seen for that matter
5all the DmCDmCall thesubtle b8
its really not that good at allthe gameplay is dumbed down 4shit, not even a parry systemalso that unnecessary asinine "platforming"
3Name a boss fight outside of O'Reily that wasn't 9000% ass. Please
Boss fights were just as shit as any western action game.Gameplay was a heavily watered down DMC4.Level Design isn't just the look of things, in terms of actual genuine level design DmC is basically just corridors.Kat was shit tier waifu who likes squirrel semen.Fuck off Taneem.
Because it was unfortunately released in the same year as the witcher 3, which paid all the reviewers for high rating and the mindless mass buy into these to know what a true masterpiece is like. Such a shame, the current gen.
If you didn't like the club level you are a true pleb.
6That Succubus thing that that people were drinking fromMundus' Spawn and Lilith Vergil 7also that unnecessary asinine "platforming"Yeah okay I'll admit that annoyed me a bit1/2 the health I lost was all due to falling
3/v/ hates this game because they think a game rebooted by a company that is known for their stories, and in fact, was rebooted by this specific company because of its penchant for having good stories, is going to have the same exact gameplay as its predecessor. Also, the hair.
8One of my favorite levelsBoss fight was also fun
3Also, the hair.How nu r u
6All the bosses were fun because they were puzzles. Western boss fights are puzzles, while jap boss fights are spamming the same moves over and over again in a tedious grind to lower its health bar.
5The hair is the root of the hatred
7My little anon can't be this cancerous
3Why don't you ever talk about it?We do. Constantly.Why did so many people say it was shit?- The grapple system is fundamentally broken and make the game laughably easy, you can use it to effectively fly and hit/exit the skybox.- The weapons are terribly balanced, with the axe being insanely strong and all angel weapons being utterly useless- NT changed the combo system from one where your combo resets when you swap weapons allowing for maintained hitstun and experimental combos to one where it continues, severely limiting combat options-Red and Blue enemies don't just take no damage from the wrong color weapon, they make the weapon bounce, forcing you to use one weapon until that enemy is dead even if it is not your focus- the combo meter fills based on damage instead of a custom amount based on the move you use, and doesn't reward using different moves in your combos. Getting SSS is as easy as a demon dodge and axe combo- demon/angel dodges have WAY too much invincibility. Demon dodge is supposed to be a short dodge that rewards you with extra damage for using it, but it still provides more than double the i-frames you'd get in DMC3 or 4.- Enemies are weak, slow, and have no surprises up their sleeves, nothing provides a challenge even without the broken grapples- The story is juvenile garbage that falls apart under even the most fleeting scrutiny. For fuck's sake Dante's entire character arc is Kat helping him "find his human side" when they explicitly say that he's half-angel half-demon in this version. He has no human side.It wasn't a piece of garbage in the sense that it doesn't have major bugs and the combat functions, but it's a below-par action game at best.
4You've been spending too much time on Kotaku and Polygon if that's what you think.I wish I had the graph of all the shit people complain about. Hopefully someone else will post it.
4no it wasn't
Another thing I don't get is why everyone refers to Dante as edgy. What makes him edgy? That the fact that he wears black?Hell, not even Mundus was edgy... All of his reactions beside killing their mom was justifiable to a degree
1This.
0because "FUCK YOU", "WET CHUNKS" and similar shit
3/v/ unironically liking DmCSure is summer in here
3Fuck off, Taneem. You're a hack.
68Then explain why the hate started with a single promo image. If you guys had waited for gameplay to be shown and then voiced your opinion, I would say the journos were full of shit. But I was here for the shit storm when Donte was first revealed. He was hated immediately because he didn't conform to the Uncle Dante you had in your head. So quit backpedaling to make yourself look like the good guys when you fuckers are just as shallow as the shit you claim to hate
0Fuck you!
0
1We do. Constantly.The only time when you bring it up is when you're having a thread about how edgy certain characters are, especially when they wear red and black. Then the subject is immediately dismissed
Fuck you, Fuck all of it
3Kill yourself.
3penchant for having good storieslol watEnslaved was a terrible game with an OK story, but NT does not make good stories. They make serviceable stories.In fact, they don't even make them. They make garbage and then hire a writer to polish that turd until it shines. For example, with Enslaved they hired Alex Garland. Here's a quote from him describing the experience:"I think the first serious discussion we had about the narrative was on the very first day that I, Tameem and the level designers all sat down together. We got to a section where Monkey was walking down a walkway, and he sees an escaping slave trying to pull himself up to the walkway. And instead of helping the guy up, Monkey kicked him in the face and sent him to his death. They thought that projected the idea that Monkey was a badass. Whereas, to me, it projected the idea that Monkey was a bit of a cunt."Tameem didn't bother hiring an outside writer for DmC, which is why the story is so insanely ridiculously poorly-written that you get things like:- Kat and Dante talking about his human side when he's been retconned as a demon and angel hybrid- Vergil shooting a pregnant woman in the fetus pointlessly, as you still have to fight it anyway and it seems to not be injured at all- Mundus, who has already won and rules the world, going out of his way to engage the one person that could stop him- Dante beating Mundus and merging the two worlds, complete with montage of now-revealed demons chasing helpless humans through the streets, followed by Dante going "Welp, job's done! Wait, you want to have an organization to kill all those demons and protect humanity? MUH BROTHER IS EBIL BOSS FIGHT GO"- strong independent female character Kat spends the final fight literally hiding behind a trash can- Hey bro, so our dad is still alive and super strong just chained up, should we maybe go save him? Nahhhh.
8I hate it, so summerI hate it, so trollingI hate it, so shitposting
7Obviously some initial hate came from the redesign, but it was more the fact that they had the audacity to change such an iconic character.Imagine if the next Halo featured a Master Chief without his helmet, wearing a blue jumper suit and smoking. It would be ridiculous.However when the actual game was shown off everyone began to talk about how shit the gamepay was.
6FUCK YOU!
DMC1, 2, 3 and 4 all had that op lunge move on R1 and TriangleFor some reason DMC put it on the thumb stick and triangleI couldn't be asked after that.
3Good stories.The freelancer who scripted Enslaved basically said he was disgusted by how stupid and immature they were.
1The definitive version fixed most of the problems.You have hardcore mode with a rebalanced style system, more aggressive enemies and tighter evade/parry windows. And yes, there is a parry system in the game, its just never explained. To parry an attack you have to make it clash with your own.Also there's a turbo mode increasing game speed by 20% and a lock-on.Main character design still sucks and the story is hot garbage but i don't give a fuck. The gameplay is very enjoyable to me.Have some sweet vergil combos
1That fucking picWhy is the writing on the back wall reflected in the mirror perfectly legible and not reversed?Why can we see the necklace in the reflection and but not being held in his handHow is he holding the necklace? Surely it would just fall out of his hand?CRAAAWLING IN MY SKIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNN
1heaven weapons uselessHaha, okay scrub
9Why is the writing on the back wall reflected in the mirror perfectly legible and not reversed?oh yeah what the fuck
4It's almost Shakespearean
7The story is Shakespearan. Unless you're one of those fucks who thinks Shakespearan refers to the way people talk.
3DmC is mediocre at its best and we agreed on it 2 years ago
3Dat gameplayA complete downgrade from the previous games in the series. Even taken on it's own, it's frustrating, shallow, and braindead. Compare it to literally any other noteworthy action game and it's an utter joke. Doing "sick combos bruh XD" that take no skill on sandbags that can't fight back is not what makes for a good action game, and the few enemies that are capable of putting up a fight do so in the most incredibly obnoxious ways.Those Boss fightsMajority of them are nothing but hitting a massive glowing weakspot to knock the boss over and then freely wailing on it, while unskippable cutscenes and scripted bullshit that might as well be QTEs constantly break up the gameplay. The one that doesn't fit this description Vergil is boring, glitchy, and still has way too many cutscenes breaking up the fight.Dat Level DesignLiterally just hallways with shit going on in the background and completely out-of-place platforming that consists of nothing but holding up on the analog stick and pressing the buttons the game tells you to. There aren't even any moving platforms outside of one jump in an early level that doesn't even punish you for missing it. Even if you're just talking about aesthetics, the vaulted gothic cathedrals from the previous games are way richer and more detailed than random debris floating in space with cheap Hollywood teal-and-orange bloom glaring at you the whole time.DmC's level design is literally just a shit version of the level design from Alice:Madness Returns.Dat Bill O'ReilyDat 7th grade-level "social commentary"From 2004Dat KatAbsolutely disgusting.
3The definitive version fixed most of the problems.No, it didn't. It fixed the nitpicks that were based on simple numbers that could be altered as opposed to changing the fundamentally broken systems.In the "definitive" version you still have a ridiculously shallow combat system with completely broken grapples the single biggest complaint about the game - totally unchanged. AI is the same retarded, they just attack more often. That means absolutely nothing because they can't hit you because you can fucking fly with zero effort.The Vergil DLC is much more fun than the main game, probably because it was done by members of the DMC4/DD team instead of Ninja Theory.
DmC definitive edition has better gameplay than DMC3, by alot. It's also the better game.
3Op here. I bought it on steam. The version I got was with everything. How different is it?
4Shakespearean - of or relating to Shakespeare or his works.What work does the story of DmC relate to?No, it is nothing like Hamlet.
3This isn't even good b8, son.
3this specific company because of its penchant for having good storiesTheir stories are shit and they constantly have to be re-worked by outside sources.Ninja Theory would be dead by now if it wasn't for some ridiculous government grant they get every month.
3Very.With turbo and hardcore modes enabled it's almost a different game.The OP in this thread yeah yeah neogaf has a nice summary.
8Come on. The story of Mundus and Sparta qualifies as a Shakespearan tragedy, and the theme of a general betraying his leader was shown in Julius Ceasar.
0some ridiculous government grant they get every month.That's another thing: they don't give a fuck about their own games because they don't have to, the government gives them a check every month for being a game developer in England. They're fucking subsidized.It's what allows Tameem to keep being the M Night Shyamalan of games.
I get most of the complaints, but the one I will never understand is why people whine about the color coded enemies. If anything, it adds more challenge because it forces you to stop using your tired and true combos and come up with something new to use. You also need to make sure that blue and red aren't near each other, otherwise they're gonna fuck with your tempo if you accidentally hit one. I thought it was definitely one of the better design choices.
3mfw DmC: Devil May Cry bombed so hard that they had to make a remastered edition mfw the remastered edition bombed even hardermfw Donte bombed so hard there may be a DMC5 that returns to the original series. mfw Tameem gets fired
Why the fuck is no one talking about this
OR THIS 
7That looks fucking terrible.
OR THE NEW DR MARIO OR THE NEW CHIBI ROBO HAS THIS BOARD TURNED TO FUCKING SHIT
A better question would be where the fuck have you been?
786maybe you should stop waking up so fucking late you useless neet sack of shit
7There were at least 3 threads about it already today
The new Chibi Robo looks stupid, removes all of the fun aspects of the first game.
5How many shitposting and splatoon threads have we had
So, what the hell is this exactly? Like all MonHun in one or just MonHun 5?
1Can you remember how many breads you've eaten in your life?
1What does that have to do with what he said?You're the one acting like there were zero threads about the direct.
11answer the question
7why? I already answered one of yours16
3a more casual friendly MH not MH5 tho
tfw no mhx on vita
Why does it looks more like frontier the more games come out
3
0HOW MANY BREADS.
5Bout time you showed up
7EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT THIS.GOT TO /VG/ YOU FAGGOT
5Can you imagine the asshurt on /v/ if MHX is the spinoff game and MH5 will be PS4/vita?
3It's like some sort of anniversary game. So it's got returning elements from the past games along with new shit.The finishers and new abilities and customizable movesets and monsters are all very Frontier-y but honestly it doesn't look all that bad. I'm just hoping the movesets don't end up ridiculously imbalanced and that it makes solo gunning less of a pain in the ass.Also Sheeps  Poogies
5Show nothing but the attack themselvesNo info on how they are activatedNo info on the monsters other than some simple movesNo info if the monsters have supers tooMore casual
7Wii U version when?
2spinoffIt's more like Portable 4th.Speaking of its weird there was no news on Stories
7This looks worse than MH4 in grafics for the 3DS. what the fuck did crapcom do? are they going back to PSP MH grafics?
2I don't want dsanons to be angrybut I want a new mh for vita alreadyplease
5the 3DS MH have always looked like shit on everything that isn't a 3DS.
54I take comfort in knowing you'll die soon
7From what I've seen it's kinda a natural progression the more content a Monster Hunter has.Since Frontier simply builds upon itself time after time, it reaches that level faster, but the same effect is showing in the mainline as well as they are starting to do more throwback and anniversary titles.The core of the game remains the same, hit the monster and don't get hit, it's just that how you do that starts getting more wild on both sides.
Still on normal 3DS? at least give me a reason to upgrade besides Xenoblade 3DS.I have no reason to upgrade from this, still wouldn't those grips are way too nice
It's a shame this series will never leave FUCKING HANDHELDS because of Japan. I'd play the shit out of a console recent Console MH game, but nooooooooo.
7is this going to be single player?
9What the fuck.This looks kind of neat.
8my pain may be endlessbut I'll be okdon't worry
7Hori's extended circlepad proboth sticks in one hand freeing your right hand for attacksPerfection for monster hunting
0Not even trying to speak in Haiku'sDisappointing my friend.
BUT NOW THAT CAPCOM IS IN BED WITH SONY AND SONY FUNDS THEM EVERYTHING, BE SURE THE NEXT MONSTER HUNTER IS FOR SONY CONSOLES ONLY!!!!!1!!!2 new monster hunters announced for 3ds...
0Honestly I find it strange how many people desire the CPP.i find the new lock-on system combined with the virtual dpad more than adequate.Though i suppose for the 2v2 arena fights it could be better, though I've yet to have a problem really.As for MH-X, looks good. A little flashier than i ever expected Mon hun to become but it's been 11 years so I suppose it's not too surprising. it still looks like the games will be technical and fun.Leas they didn't add the tonfa.
8We'll be lucky to see Capcom making a game for Sony.Ever since Tri on Wii, I believe it's going to continue to be Nintendo.
6have you ever noticed the dude taking the picture photoshopped himself out of the reflection on the top? You can still see his sweater and jeans in the bottom one
3Yeah he blurred himself as well as lady? in blue.No idea how he forgot to do it on the zoom in though.
2 no one plays along anymore these days 
So was that Direct just an E3 conference for Japan because they don't watch that shit?Do you think any of the games will be shown at E3 as well?
5More than 5
0Game information just came out todayWe're still in the midst of the hype storm.That combined with the small current of people who normally play Monster Hunter.
6So uh... what's the sauce on that image?
9The screens aren't as shitty as they are on the vanilla 3DSBetter battery life and also higher brightness settingBetter 3DOnly an out of touch faggot would show up with a non N3DSXL in public
18Isn't Capcom making that Souls ripoff for the PS4, that F2P shit with the retarded story?
I already played monster hunter back in 2005.
4Well duuh. But we are kinda drying the river here. We covered everything from what we obtained so still trying to dip in on dry land will get us all fucked up and make us move somewhere else.P.S. I suck at analogies
73DS
3Literally metaphorically objectively the handheld with the best library ever
3Anniversary title that is led by the key people behind the Freedom/Portable series, and will probably be the true "ultimate" title for 4th gen.Expect some Frontier elements to be brought over if the trailer is any indication, not that it's necessarily a bad thing.
4I don't deny that, but Monster Hunter belongs on a console. Any console.
Goddammit, Capcom. What the fuck. 4 Ultimate just came out.
3Maybe, sure. But I still want it on the go for wen I take a shit or take a Taxi or go out somewhere and play with my friends.I'm willing to sacrifice 4K/1080p 69fps on a 55 inch flat T.V. to have MH on the go. Maybe in the future we will get a better handheld for a better experience along side with a console.
I'M STILL MAD HYPE OVER AGNAKTOR COMING BACKBEST VOLCANO MONSTER IN 3U, HANDS DOWN
9tfw no mh4u on vita
Why is Capcom content to keep this series shackled to such crappy hardware? Somebody should tell them they can keep it on 3ds and also put it on other stuff too.
94G came out last year in Japan, which is all that matters to Capcom.
5Nintendobucks
9game was stated to come out later this year for japan, so itll be like another year after that before we get it maybe
5Ok, I will do it.Dear Capcom: Please also make hi resolution models and textures for every armor and monster so we can have a ps vita port and you can sell 200k units or less!
5Sony drove the MH devs away, leading to MH3 and beyond to be a Nintendo exclusive for the time being.And who would want to buy an Xbox for MH in Japan? The 3DS has a stranglehold in Japan and more people own a 3DS, so the choice was obvious.
5Because capcom gives zero fucks about us baka gaijin. 3ds is the only huge console in japan so every monhun they develop revolves around that. Nips dont into consoles anymore and have only used PC for VN's.
8Speaking main titles of course. I'm well aware of the Frontier games, but they are not made from the same team.
8Errr... P3rd came out after 3 bruh.
8Monster Hunter Portable 4th announced todayMonster Hunter portable franchise is no long on PSPI don't know if I should be glad they didn't forget about it and skip onto MH5 or be sad. MHF1 was the game that started Mh for me
People still care about monster hunter?
8No, not really. The last games didn't really sell that well. Monster Hunter has faded to obscurity. MH4U only sold something like 100 copies in the west. It's kind of sad. Oh well.
The game looks like out of 2002.
5MHP4th would have been cool but Vita's just dead in the water by now.It's a good system but it slipped on the slope called "Weak Library"
0Yes that's true.I assume the conflict happened around that time which led to the shoddy PS3 port of Portable 3rd.
2I thought it sold around 400K overseas or that's what I heard
7You do realize MH first came out in 2004, right?
5Doesnt mean the graphics arent indicative of something released in 2002
5Not that guy but, yes I'm quite sure he's aware of this. The problem here is that he- like many others - is fucking tired of Monster Hunter looking like shit because LOL JAPANESE ARE 3DS PLAYERS AMIRITE??? It is a self fufilling prophecy to say all of that. Capcom and any other companies that lack backbone will never properly reap rewards if they cannot take actual risks. All they do is make shots in the dark at the largest demographic and pray they succeed. I don't even think any of these big corps know WHY they succeeded. They just listen to pencil-pushing business and marketing rejects that regurgitate and recycle the most redundant of information and strategies.Yes, I have a serious problem with the industry - and no, I can't leave it.
1 if they cannot take actual risks. All they do is make shots in the dark at the largest demographic and pray they succeed. They don't need to pray or take a risk, because Monhun is already a winning formula for them.
tfw not even done with 4U and already excited for Xwhy is MH so fucking addicting holy shit
1They already tried with Mh, Mh2, Mh3, and MH3U, and all of them performed like garbage compared to handheld.
1
9You are ABSOLUTELY CORRECT in that assumption. The proof is in Capcom slapping together an HD port of P3rd to the PS3 in order to fulfill their contract obligations to Sony for the number of games they had to make.
6Because it's literally GAMEPLAY: THE GAME
A lot of the environments in the trailer look ripped straight out of 4U. That's a little lame.
8MH3U on WiiU ran extremely well, though. Or do you mean sales wise?
2There's areas from every title it seems
7Where the fuck were you this morning anon?
2That's because they were. There are returning environments from the other games too, if you noticed, like Forest and Hills from 2nd gen.
9MH3U ran better on the 3DS than the Wii U
Looks funGood thing north america will get MonHun X Ultimate in 3 years after Japan gets MH5
7Is this the 5th generation or something different?
It looks neat3Still 4th gen
3Is like a 4.5 experimental ground for what could be in for the 5th gen
61080/60Vs240/40-60
3It's a sort of anniversary game. I'd put it under 4th Gen though.
8MH3UIs it that hard to turn a decent profit on a port That lazy? How much must it really have cost them compared to any other game on wiiu?
77What's with all the fucking explosions and shit? Is this CoD or fucking Monster Hunter?
9I'm a 4U babby so I didn't recognize them.I hope the game offers plenty of original environments.
7All those moves and techniquesFucking radical as hell.
It's pretty obvious plunging attacks are still in but do you think they're going to keep mounting?
didn't monster hunter 4 just come out?
71080/60top kek
7I hope you're not implying the WiiU version of 3U runs at a constant 60.Also, the WiiU version has input delay
2For the US yesfor japan they had it like a year ago already
7It will never EVER be on wiiU
2It's been out for a year in japan
7so they're going to turn MH into a yearly thing?sounds like typical Capcom bullshit
2turn It was born like that.
2Monster Hunter has been a yearly thing for a whilethink the only year without a game since release was 2012
1weapons will have 4 different movesets now on top of superstfw i dont know what weapon ill want to play now
Mh cross =/= mh5Its quite obvious this is a celebration of MH history, which is why it has a lot of monsters from all the gens. I suspect all these new moves were just a fun way to make this celebration game stand out from the normal MH series. And make it a bit of an over the top experience.
71080/60The game was locked at 30 fpsThe game even had more slowdown then the 3DS versionno fix was ever done for itthe only boon was online playMan, you alternate time walkers need to stick towards your exsistance.
1I think they're testing the waters a bit to see how the more over the top style works out.I'm pretty hype though, the different hunting styles for each weapon as well as super moves sound fun.
5I think they're testing the waters a bit to see how the more over the top style works out.I honestly hope it's only for this game though.Although that might change once we actually get to play it.If we get to play it.
5Yeah it gives them an excuse to try something different before porting anything to the main series.
1MHCross is being directed by the guy who directed the Portable main series games. A.k.a. not Ryozo.
9The polycount seems much higher for some reason.Fuck me if they don't localize this. I've been putting off continuing 4U and this is adding fuel to my fire.
9It's a fucking CarnotaurusSOLDOLD
9Do you think there will be a higher loli count?
3I'm a little worried about execution, but I think they could be a good addition of they balance them right. The over the top style definitely isn't for everyone though.
that new monster who does bubble/soapy attacksOh for fucks sakeI can already see the endless porn coming
5Oh come on, the goddamn spirit slash finisher was considered over the top back in 3rd Gen, and I can rest easy knowing that no matter what kind of hands on the hips anime bullshit they put in here it will NEVER be worse than the goddamn teleport slash they gave Longsword in Awakening.
0nah, it doesnt look as lewd as giginox or khezu
9Monsters always tend to have higher quality assets than everything else around them.
The real question is.Will it have G rank content?And if not.Will a G/U version come out?...because if not, I mean... should I even care?
7everybody talked about it already, it's still on a shit platform
2Who's paying you to lie on the Internet like this?
8I don't see why an anniversary game wouldn't have G rank.
8Sucks to be you anon. SnS will always be my baby.
8Hopefully.
I can't be the only one who's still mad about the graphics in 4, right? 3U was great, how did they fuck that up?
0Sony paid for Deep Down, Resident Evil Revelations 2 ps vita port, SF4 Ultra for ps4 and probably more shit.Right now Sony is pic related.
8It's just a concern.I mean hopefully it will and I don't honestly see why it wouldn't.Except that the psp version p3 or whatever never got one.Although was that due to a lack of popularity?
6It certainly wasn't due to lack of popularity, because P3rd was the best selling in the series. But I mean we've already had a game with G rank in 4th gen so far.
0because P3rd was the best selling in the series.Really?That's strange, why would people prefer a game with no G rank to 2G/U?Something that would be REALLY cool would be if we got Pokke Village's arena back.
1P3rd came out after Tri, which didn't have G rank either. It was just the newest 3rd generation game that fixed Tri's desperate need for more monsters.
8More like when will I be able to become a hunter loli carrying around all those big ass weapons. These are the important questions.
Ill care when it comes to the WiiU or the Vita.God Id really like if it came to the Vita. Or any home console, really. I dont hate the 3DS, but I hate playing MonHun in it
4Don't forget, vita is a "Legacy console" now. Unless Sony REALLY wants MH back Capcom wont give two shits.
7MH probably sells more on the 3DS than the small fanbase of the Vita.You know this to be true.
7Well they didn't really show a whole lot off yet, and not yet confirmed internationally. Correct me if I am wrong on the international release
9I really dont fucking understand why it cant be for bothJust press the port button on the fucking engine.
8Just press the port button on the fucking engine.
7Oh boy I can't wait for Tribabies to talk about how shit Forest and Hills is now and how they miss X shit area from Tri.
4Well arent they using UE4?Shit it wouldnt take even a week to make all the proper accommodations. And licenses arent eve a bother for a company like CapcomWhatever, my point is, its worth the work
THIS
7Shit it wouldnt take even a week to make all the proper accommodations
6new chibi robo looks like shit, and i actually liked photo finder
4japanese arcade only gamewhy would anyone talk about this.
8Splits up the community.
7still not on Wii U
5tfw console makers won't allow cross-platform online to prevent player splits in multiplat games
6s-s-s-sauce on the chinese porno?
3I always thought the girl was taking it.
4I don't understand the gameplay. What is it an rpg?
6It just feels way better in the hands. The 3DS and DS systems are unergonomic as fuck. Also the CPP gives way better shoulder buttons too. And of course having a second stick is good. I don't get how you can not get how CPP is thoroughly advantageous.
7capcomworkLook at the port for SF4 on ps4, tell me how well that worked out
4Welp, Monster Hunter Stories will probably just be a cartoony version of this. Which isn't bad, I like Stories art style.
8V-very well?
5What I'm noticing is the increase of baby monsters.Which I'm surprised took so long. Spirits, Stories and the new Cat game all have them.I always felt it was an untapped market in terms of merchandise.
6
4what the fuck is this real literally how did this get released
8This is a company that has misspelled its own name, anon.
8I bet that Sony/Capcom relations are great after the fucked up PS4 port of SF4.
So is Monster Hunter literally a yearly release now?Why do people keep buying this shit?
3now
7Why the fuck is no one talking about thisBecause bane edition came out less than 4 months ago in the west?Because its not New3DS exclusive and will run like crap like 4U?Because it will only add slight changes to movesets and MAYBE one or two new monsters?They are milking the franchise to death and people are getting fed up with repetition.Sure, 4U added vertical combat and online mode. But this one probably wont offer much but a slightly different roster of characters and new "scenarios" that still look like crap.
3it was always a yearly release for the japanese.
5You have phantasy star.
7Can't wait to play this.In 2017
5
0the only boon was online playYeah, and 21x the amount of pixels, a better controller, and a screen more than 4 inches wide.
5Only an out of touch faggot would show up with a non N3DSXL in publicWhy would you care about random strangers during your morning commute?
7This is what nintendrones think like.
-dromes or -ggis?
0Why is Rathian edgy now?
1because bitches and whores
1Lesb-Rathians
1Because Tokyo B team. The concept is nice though, a monster that ascends through rages modes over the course of the hunt keeps you on edge.
Is there a chance of any monsters from 4U being cut for this?All the data's already there it doesnt seem necessary to remove anything that made it into 4U
Consolewar shit aside, I would rather it be on a more powerful system to see the games progress a little. I have all platforms and only want a better game.
3Same here.I want it on the Vita, but I have the freakin MonHun N3DS, so its not a matter of console wars.
2I bought the Majora N3DSXL for a better running MH4U. I'd rather get a new MH on PC, PS4 or Wii U. Vita would work too.
2vitaps4 would be fine
235It's gonna look like shit no matter what system it's on.
1Drunk on the dark side.
6Only because they want to settle on the least powerful platform to mask the fact that they are lazy. Look at the Wii U MH3U port, they did nothing but straight port the the 3DS version. Even MHTri had better detail.
5paid onlineno thank you, but fucking no
5If any over-the-top Frontier monster were to make the jump, I'd want it to be this dude. It's a real fun hunt.
5Why is Rathalos white, and why does he have giant pointy sideburns?
4Because bane editionEXCELLENT memeBecause its not New3DS exclusive and will run like crap like 4U?if you're poor and can't afford an N3DSBecause it will only add slight changes to movesets and MAYBE one or two new monsters?We've already seen 5 new monsters from the first trailer alone, and they said each weapon gets 4 new playstyles to choose from which affects attacks and super attacks. Did you watch the video or no?
3White Rathalos has the ability to crystallize its body parts depending on which damage type you deal to it.Slash: Legs/TailSmash: HeadShot: Wings
43 added swimming4 added vertical5 they said they want to expand on the player being able to customize their hunterThey've already said at the press release that they want to give the player roughly 4 different styles to choose from, giving access to completely new moves and changing the way weapons work fundamentally, ranging from a "very technically difficult playstyle" to "one fashioned for support amongst friends"Also we've already seen like 4-5 new monsters and every game always trickles in new ones as more info comes. We'll probably get at least 8-10 when it's done plus returning species.
No swimming no buy
4Swimming didn't work out that well, you know.
2Sony
9True in a sense but 3U was still a success financially in the West. I also appreciate the fact that they experimented with such a radical change.More importantly though, verticality in 4U was a TREMENDOUS improvement on the MH formula. On a face level, customizable combat sounds really really great. The only downside I see right now is brushing off veterans and certain pieces of the fanbase by throwing in even flashier combat and moves not me though.
5All are shit reasons to upgrade
3It's a main series game but still not Gen 5. This is pretty much Portable 3rd but for 4th gen.
3It's a white Rathalos that uses the power of LIGHT.Black Rathian uses poison fire.
0Except the times when you roll to dodge the monster's attack and run into a ledge and start climbing/jumping off without iframes.
7so is it basically MH4U with CUHRAZY
0they look pretty bad on the 3DS toohigh res MH when?
6Not him but the main reason i upgraded is the processor in the new serious is much better.
So that monster at the of the video looks pretty crazy. I'll also assume it's the flagship monster.Looks like it uses its tail as an ignitable sword, with its head as the flint? Shit's like Duramboros on crack
7Because I didn't know about it until just now.So what is it? Looks to me like Monster Hunter 4U Cuhrazy Edition featuring Nibelsnarf.
9it is pretty much that.
8There are four new flagships. And also...four new playstyles for every weaponfour villages although only one new
6Four playstylesreally? that would make 14 weapon types that play 4 different ways leading to essentially 56 different ways to play
5Kind of. Although I don't expect them to be THAT different. Still more customization for your favorite weapon class is really nice.
5A whole new game of everybody complaining that X weapon is worst because of Y detail and Z can handle its job faster and betterNow everybody can pick and choose their cherrypick/strawman/ad hominems and be justifiedMeme Blade/Buguette users may actually have a way to not be giant detriments to online groups
4Maybe there'll be a playstyle that makes Hammer relevant again.
1So has Sony paid for their company vs Capcom fighting game or did Nintendo beat them to the punch
0considering all the bullshit monster hopping we're doing now I can see it.Just kind of,jump up,and,smack it in the face.
0The new super attack already makes it relevant.
4
0everyone gets a charge attack due to the new game mechanicseven the LBGs get a charged shotstill no reason to go hammer
4How effective would that be if all the swings actually hit
4The presentation did such a nice job of showcasing the new moves, but I can't help still feeling underwhelmed.It's the same story like with wyvern fire, GS charge or super pound etc. They all look super awesome in those MAD videos, but that only happens because the monster get staggered.It's hard to feel awesome when after you even actually land a super attack, the monster just tramples over you a moment later.Is it bad that I want those to be a guaranteed stagger on the monster?
7If its guaranteed then there's nothing impressive about it. Say you pinpoint that hammer super and knockout the monster, you'll feel like a god. Otherwise, they'll just be like mounts.
7Yes, very much so.That toss up of will this stagger or not makes those hits so special.You play the risk and see if you get the right reward.You start out with no ability to read or predict your chances, but over time you start to understand when and where to hit so that you're much more likely to get that cool looking hit.
5I assume they are going to follow in the concept of Frontier styles, so each one will alter only about one or two moves per weapons.Like how Frontier Lances can select a style that sacrifices the charge for an extra poke in their combos as well as adding a "sky poke" A nearly vertical stab with greater height.
5In a mere two weeks we'll find out.
1darkstalkers is not deadhere buy yet another port of darkstalkers with a shitty filter that we didn't advertise at allWELP I GUESS NOBODY WANTS A NEW DARKSTALKERS. And we were so close to doing it too!
7But you can normally tell if you're going to land a stagger once you get into a rhythm. It isn't like staggers are random.
tfw no western release
5Not knowing the maps intimately enough to know where the ledges areNot being able to see the small rises and ledges before you dodgeThe only time it might be a problem is if you're using evade extender and the ledge is slightly off camera but even thenNot knowing where the rises and ledges are on maps
9biting it's tail then firing it out for a flickneat
8I'm interested in HH, GL and SA movesets.
not leaving japan/koreaIf it ain't coming west, it ain't worth talking about. But goddam do I want those grapes
3ds dropped
why does capcom keep putting this series on the platform that has an install base higher than every other one combined?
8From SoftwareYOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED YOU DIED
8Will it have G rank content?Probably not.MHX will be the last MH for the 3DS, I believe they are saving Cross G to be the NX you know, the new Nintendo handheld launch title.
Practicing GPs on a Molten TigrexGuard Point a roar and go straight into an elemental burstForget that canceling into a AED from a ultra burst is screen back, not character back like most attacks and let an ultra burst out"Aw shit I didn't mean to-"Instantly KO the Tigrex and break its face in a single attack without even having attacked it priorJesus fucking christ.
0NX is going to run on android. They would have to rewrite the engine all over again. X is basically the 4GG.
0Great, this retarded shit is spreading into other threads.
6Forget that canceling into a AED from a ultra burst is screen back, not character back like most attacks There ARE NO attacks that are exclusively screen/character oriented. They all depend on the option you set.You must have fucked up the angle, which happens. You can tap L twice to quickly center the camera behind your character when you rev up an AED if you're not sure you'll be able to cancel it at that angle.
3AED canceling is flipped between type 1 and type 2 camera controls. Type 1 relates to screen orientation Character is facing camera so you hold right and do a side hop you hop to screen right Type 2 relates to character orientation Character is facing camera so you hold right and do a side hop, you hop to screen leftIf you have type 1 you have to hold back in relation to your character instead of screen backIf you have type 2 you have to hold screen back regardless of what direction you're facing.Shit is confusing.
7Didn't Monster Hunter 4 come out like fucking 7 months ago? What the fuck.
Wish it were multiplat 3DS+Vita+PC due to the flexibility of MT Framework.I want as many people to play MH as possible, and the 3DS isn't optimally built for MonHun's playstyle. With PC, controller support and remappable controls could help a fuckton, and the Vita's layout is prime for it
7another monster hunter gamewho cares
5Wait a sec, you might be right. It's also flipped, and not flipped at the same time...Anyway, I never used type 2 and I don't think anybody does, since it's more confusing on more occasions than just the AED cancel.
0It has spread because it's true.
1neogafget the fuck out. our local weebs translated it and its bullshit.
1will allegedly bean insider source who claimsThis means literally nothing.
5Technically, it came out 2 years ago in Japan. Sounds about time for a sequel, that we'll probably get 2 years from now as MHXU.
When will we get a game that features EVERY monster, Capcom?
3This is it. Except the underwater monsters.
4I just want ivory lagiacrus.
4Agnaktor is back, but I haven't seen Uragaan yet. They'll probably not bring it back, because the new T-rex monster uses its tailspin attack, so it would be too obvious if they let it in.I wonder though, even if there are gonna be all the monster, will there be G-rank? Or is there gonna be Monster Hunter X Ultimate?
Can someone explain what the point of the DS is? The graphics look catastrophically bad. Literally EVERYBODY has a phone that is 10x more powerful, why don't they just make the games for the superior platform?
3Literally EVERYBODY has a phone that is 10x more powerfulMy phone has an alarm clock.why don't they just make the games for the superior platform?You mean PC, yeah, that would be wonderful.Anyway, the make it for the 3DS because it's the most popular platform. You can make a pretty looking game on Vita, but nobody would buy it, because they don't own a Vita.And if a platform doesn't have a good start, it will just keep snowballing, the other platforms would get more good games, simply because they already have more good games.
2How is the 3DS more popular than smartphones?
52tfw gateway
7Smartphones aren't ergonomically designed for vidya though.Unless it's Nokia N-gage!
7How many million selling 40$ games are on phones?
Because Monster Hunter is Japanese Call of Duty now, except now it's 10x worse to handle and looks like a PS1 game.When did it become acceptable to feel like you're fighting a damage sponge, instead of actually hunting monsters? There is absolutely fucking nothing enjoyable about hunting polygons on a DS. Feels worse than vanilla Diablo 3, and that shit was absolute garbage.Nostalgia can't even fix this crap, and that's damn hard to achieve, so props to that I guess.
7Too many.
0Name three
2Here's your reply
8Thought that was a Bulldozer from the thumbnail
7Well, they're not buy to play. I-I don't know any, since I don't have a smartphone.
1Roada Rolla da!
8There arent any. You have to sell a game for close to nothing because of the market. People wont pay full price because their angry birds are a dollar.And then you have to make people spend extra money by introducing anti consumer mechanics.Do you really want hunts to be limited to a daily limit unless you pay extra?
5I don't. I wasn't the one who said MH could be on smartphones.Still, MH would be better if it was on the PC.
2doubt it would, mh will stick to the 3ds for as long as it can/whatever life the 3ds has left before any new nintendo consoles come out
5mh oriignates in japancatered to handheld devices aka 3dsdoesn't need xbone or ps4 graphics powervita is shit nywaymost handheld devices after nintendo gba r shit
0doesn't needClearly, since they're happy forcing everybody to look at PS2 graphics.You don't think the series could benefit from branching out, memelord?
8Let go sperg. You didnt vote with your wallet when the games were on consoles.
8take monster hunter and give it new age graphics of today, that will most certainly limit what devices/consoles the game can be played on unless they do a wii u/3ds double release like before but still, capcom won't ever go to the dominating xbone/ps4 market even though it would be cool to see a monster hunter game on those consoles
8PS2 graphicsMH2 looked shitty, but it looked smooth. MH3/4 3DS hurts my fucking eyes.
8and besides the amount of work for getting a game assigned to two different companies is a fuck ton of technical work on a business level and actually getting two working games on two different consoles working the right way is also a fuck ton of work and knowing how shit operates with companies that have few successful games in their company library that make money, they would do something like that with that big of a risk
Why is this part of the Silent Hill franchise?
It's the scariest game of the series.
7Why is PT?Because if you go back and look at each individual silent hill they're all completely different
0Anon, no.Seriously, going back recently I forgot how bad some parts were. I mean for fuck's sake, some enemies make a public domain burping sound when you hit them and you get attacked by haunted wheelchairs that bump into you while racing down the halls.It's fucking hilarious and stupid at the same time.
0I only ask because it's not actually set in Silent Hill.9I thought PT was just a demo of the type of gameplay that would be in Silent Hills?
Money.
8oh and silent hill 2's feet choking was the greatest cultural achievement right?4 was spooky in it's own right The main concept behind the new game structure was to take the idea of "the room" as "the safest part of your world" and make it a danger zone.[44] The first-person perspective was included in this area of the game to give the room's navigation a personal and claustrophobic feel.[43][45] The producers nonetheless retained the classic third-person perspective in all other areas to accommodate the increased emphasis on action and combat.[44] The developers re-used locations already explored in the first half of the game to show the changes undergone by each character introduced in the locations.[44]
9To be fair Silent Hill 3 doesn't take place in Silent Hill for the first half of the game.SH4 doesn't take place in Silent Hill at all, but its main antagonist is directly tied to the area and the cult bullshit which was hinted at in a garbage note in SH2. So it is connected. I may be wrong, but I believe it originally was not going to be an SH game, but was changed during development.Either way, Silent Hill isn't always about the town itself. It often serves as a source of issues or a way of calling to people, but it depends on the game.
91,3,4 have to do with the occult and a secret order
6oh and silent hill 2's feet choking was the greatest cultural achievement right?Where did I say that? And yeah, the apartment itself was brilliant but most of the time you were outside of that area. The areas/enemies outside of the apartment were terrible. You had dogs who screeched with public domain jaguar sounds, hairless apes, walking abominations which were scary until you hit them and they burp at you, and more. It was spooky, but if you honestly think it's the scariest game in the series then you simply don't remember some of the bullshit it had going on.
7Where does Heather live?
0Checked the wiki, apparently Heather and Harry lived in Portland before being attacked in which they then moved to a nameless town into the apartment you have to get to before driving to Silent Hill.
7well, saddest part is, it is the last real "Silent Hill" title.Also, it was made by original Team Silent.
3the part where the guy descends from the ceiling and keeps repeating "kill" was unsettlingim just surprised you focused on those things when things like that have been a staple of the series which leads me to believe youre just cherry picking the game because you dont like itremember the first boss from silent hill 3? WHAT DID THAT REMIND YOU OF?same kind of weirdness involved
3It was spooky, but if you honestly think it's the scariest game in the series then you simply don't remember some of the bullshit it had going on....or, you know, they appreciated the brilliant Room sections.I also do remember being quite nervous in the "outdoor" sections. The ghosts were also some of the freakiest enemies in any game.7it was always going to be. First a spinoff side game, then just turned into a main series' sequel.
Big name Hideo Kojima's paycheckFilm director Del Toro's paycheckWalking Dead star Norman Reedus's paycheckMounting costs of modern-day game productionIs it a mystery to /v/ why Konami cancelled Silent Hills?
4im just surprised you focused on those things when things like that have been a staple of the series which leads me to believe youre just cherry picking the game because you dont like itI focus in on those things because Silent Hill's main gameplay mechanic is pitting you against horrific creatures. When the main gameplay centers around fighting these things it is rather hilarious to hear a public domain burp come out of an enemy you initially feared. It shatters your immersion and makes a hulking monstrosity into a cartoon character.I adored the apartment, but you spent most of the time away from it solving puzzles and fighting monsters. In which you were constantly swarmed by ridiculous amounts of monsters, constantly had to backtrack, were confronted with burping creatures, and more. Yes, Silent Hill has weird shit. But there is a difference between weird and cartoonish. Silent Hill 1, 2, and 3 all managed these weird ideas without falling into such issues, so it's very obvious when the fourth does. I love the game, but saying it's the scariest is just silly.
9...or, you know, they appreciated the brilliant Room sections.I fully appreciated it and adored being in the apartment. In fact, I would examine stuff constantly because I just wanted to stay in that atmosphere. But a majority of the game is spent away from the apartment, fighting shitty enemies and trekking through areas with a companion.It simply was not as scary as the other games. The apartment sections were brilliant, but they are not the only part of the game.
7i think we all can agree that all silent hills werent scary - just spooky, weird and unsettling
83 is pretty straight up scary nigga
Is homecoming REALLY as bad as it's made out to be?
8I don't know if that's something I agree upon. Shit like SH1's Otherworld hospital, SH2's prison, and other moments in the series made me pretty damn scared. Most of the time I was just uncomfortable and appreciated the macabre stuff, but there were some moments that got me.Depends on the person I guess.
82I always found Silent Hill 2 more sad and melancholy than scary.
2It simply was not as scary as the other games.Opinions, obviously, but I found it to be at least significantly spookier than SH2, which I still find to be the tamest of the original quadrilogy.6No. But it's not too good either.It's literally The Movie: The Game.However, I'd rate it the least annoying, the most "SH like", out of the unholy trinity of shit SH games Origins, HC, DP. I seriously don't want to even touch the other two.
7like boo mother fucker scary or heart rate in survival mode scary or just wow what a terrible experience that would be if i was caught up in it?because i never once felt 'this game is too scary i have to stop playing this game or my nerves will become shot'
I wouldn't say the best, but I don't hate the game. It was not very well executed, but it had a lot of ideas and some of the atmosphere was fantastic. For a game that went more for spooky than creepy, I think it took some interesting turns.6Yes.
6Yes, it's trash.As a stand alone game it's a generic third-person action game with frustrating combat, boring level design, awful story, and glitchy as fuck puzzles that actually could block progression.As a SH game it shits on basically everything. All subtlety is thrown out the window, save for a few creative boss designs, and concepts from the past games like Pyramid Head are stolen just because.
8What about Shattered Memories?
7It's the last good entry ever made, and had a clever idea for how SH was not part of Henry's mind, but rather Walter's. The 2nd game is pretty much the only one that is all in main character's own head, besides Angela's small segment.
5save for a few creative boss designsPeople say this, but I don't see it. If you ask me, they're just as blatant and obnoxious as everything else.
6better than homecoming if only because its a remake of silent hill 1just play silent hill 1 its better
5The one blood focused boss is pretty good. Not only is it playing upon the whole doll/blood motif how the fight plays out is pretty neat. It starts out on two legs like a normal person and, as you attack it, more and more of its flesh tears away like knife marks. Eventually you cut it to ribbons so much that it gets down on all fours and tries to attack you from the shadows.It's not the most creative thing, but in comparison to the rest of the game it stands out. Asphyxia is also pretty neat, but less so.
6A cool idea, but the decisions the game makes for you are far too extreme glanced at a bikini poster, game suddenly thinks you're a sex-crazed pervert who loves S&M shit. So if you're someone who likes to observe everything I know I do when it comes to SH, you're going to confuse the shit out of it. The only thing it changes are some of the items you see as you're going through the game. It feels very basic and generic.The game is also not challenging in the slightest. The puzzles, the 'run-away' scenarios, it's all so effortless. The sound design is also annoying and the story isn't that interesting.
7Oh hi Mark!
6What about Shattered Memories?Personally enjoyed it a great deal.It's a failure as a horror game, and not anything like rest of SH games, but it has dat atmosphere and plot.Easily the best SH game by western devs.1better than homecoming if only because its a remake of silent hill 1I wouldn't exactly say that. It's totally its own, new thing, only being loosely based on the idea of SH1's starting point. At the same time it quite brilliantly uses your expectations about that matter "against" you during the game.
5I think one of the best things you could say about Shattered Memories is that, compared to shit like Downpour or Homecoming, it's relatively inoffensive.It's not good, but it doesn't shit all over everything and presents some new-ish ideas.
1It's not a remake at all.
7It's great game And the spookiest of the Silent Hill series
2I guess?I don't know, I personally think if you slap 'Silent Hill' on something and it sucks, you're being offensive to what the old games stood for. Even the B-team was able to come up with something better than this.
Because they were making a new game that wasn't part of the Silent Hill franchise and they thought that if they changed it to a Silent Hill game it would sell more copies.Probably the main reason most of the story is made of parts from letters and notes from Silent Hill 2 and 3.
9Sure, but at least with Shattered Memories they didn't try to just repeat the same formula. They didn't try to replicate or even top the past games, they just went for something different.Kinda funny when you think about how these games are named. Homecoming, Shattered Memories, Downpour, Book of Memories, none have been brave enough to just call it Silent Hill 5.Certainly shows how confident they were in their games, at least in the case of Homecoming and Downpour.
You know, Homecoming had the potential to be interesting. A soldier coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan and struggling with PTSD and trying to deal with what he did over there could make for an interesting Silent Hill game. They just botched it so badly.
1Because they were making a new game that wasn't part of the Silent Hill franchise and they thought that if they changed it to a Silent Hill game it would sell more copies.I see you're STILL trying to spread that false information.SH4 was always going to be Silent Hill related title. It started as a bit more experimental side project game, a bit like MGR is to MGS-series. The elements tying it to SH games was still always there.The change to a numbered sequel however happened very early on during the development. It was not a last minute slap-on or anything, and it was quite painless as well.
6It's the most American Silent Hill game ever. Barely even alludes to the games and more so alludes to that terrible Silent Hill movie that lost the point and Hostel of all things.
3Book of MemoriesBook of Memories just baffles me. Its a Diablo Style RPG set in the Silent Hill Universe and made by a company who's claim to fame is lighthearted Metroidvania games.
3I remember when Homecoming was first teased, it actually was going to be called "Silent Hill V"
2HD_Collection.jpg
24I don't know who made these, but I wish they would remake the full game like this. Shit would be so funny.
4I didn't know the Otherworld had a janitorial staff.
4holy shit is that real
8Of course not. But the HD collection cleaned shit up to a stupid amount so that roads looked new and areas looked clean.
6I actually liked downpour.
3I know that. It was just that particular screenshot that had me surprised.
7Good for you, but it was still pretty shit.No Murphy, you are the Boogeyman!
SH1=SH2SH3
0Yeah but even then 3 is still a good game
8I didn't say it wasn't. In my book, it's an 8, while the first two are 10's.
0SH1 had abysmal voice acting and a crappy story compared to 3.
3ironically, it's not too far from the truth at times.3I'd like to disagree, especially on the story.the voice acting's obviously gotten better with years, but it was still OK.
I prefer four over threeIt felt to action-y for my tastes.
3What? Both those games use essentially the same backstory and premise, the only difference being that instead of looking for your daughter, you're hunting down your father's murderer. Plus, Kaufman, Lisa, Cybil and Dahlia were way better cast than Douglas, Claudia and Vincent.SH1 was amazing for its time.
7I'll respect that everyone has their opinions, but I absolutely loathed Downpour. I even liked Homecoming better. The monster design in DP was the saddest thing I've seen; like they had 20 minutes to come up with the final designs. Both HC and DP's stories were awful, but I feel DP takes the cake as worse.
2Changed the environmentTried to change the feel of the gameTried to CHANGE THE FUCKING SCRIPTTomm needs to realize he isn't going to be the Picasso of HD ports. You're not suppose to change shit like this.
2don't forget:hired all new voice actors, because too lazy to pay royalties to old onesvery poorly remade all musicbut wait, it's only US here that are delusional and nostalgic fags here!
4I tried asking him on Twitter about the new script, he denies that.I then asked him about Contra 5, and his bald ass ignored me.
7obviously anyone behind such a huge blunder as the HD Collection would deny having anything to do with it.
4Is BoM supposed to be Book of Memories? That isometric handheld game?
6I liked it.
Because all good things must come to an end but business types just can't let a good thing die.
tfw no horror game or movie has affected me as much as SH1-3It really feels bad because I know nothing I watch or play will be as good.
9I paid 30 euros for that because i thought it would be fun co-op with friends.We got to the 4th level and then quit because it was shit.
0Did you even play any of the previous games?
1did you play SH4?because by default its common knowlege that in scary factor Ghosts that you cant hit backshitty monsters that you can hit backAlso the games opening was one of those things that scared the crap ut of me as a kid:
0SH4 was more annoying then anything. 2nd part of the game is just the same levels again with a fucking escort? No thanks.
0None of them are scary. Silent Hill is all about the story, which is why 2 and 4 are the best in the series. If I wanted to be scared, I'd play Penumbra or System Shock 2, not fucking Silent Hill.
7None of them are scarySilent Hill 1 is arguably the scariest game of all time.
7System Shock 2 and PenumbraScarier than Silent HillI know this is bait but god damn.
4Not just a scort...probably one of the best scort AIs in a game ever IMO...know there is something weird when i actually have to put a affort to get her hurt
7arguablyWell, let's hear those arguments then.Why is Silent Hill 1 the scariest game of all time?
 the roomWhile playing I couldn't stop thinking of this guy
4Superb sound direction..Using the system's limitations to its advantage to produce a terrifying atmosphere.Influence from some of the scariest horror movies of all time.Use of abstraction and darkness to make threats unidentifiable and thus scarier than just pitting you against "Oh those are monsters, this is where they came from".Now why don't you tell my why either of those games you picked are scary at all so we can all laugh at your terrible opinion.
7It's the scariest in the series, but mostly because the stiff controls. In every subsequent game, it's way too easy to kill or avoid every single enemy. If it was remade with the engine and controls of 2, it would no longer be scary, because you could effortlessly run circles around every monster.
Home coming Pretty decent monster and boss design, shit looks good ABSOLUTLY TRASH COMBAT CHARACTERS THAT HAVE AS MUCH PERSONAILTY AS A BRICK STORY THATS LEGIT JUST "HEY GUYS, LETS DO SILENT HILL 2!" Downpour classic silent hill combat with some tweaks that made it actually kinda good and realistic Story is orriginal ish and decent to say the least THAT FUCKING MONSTER DESIGN THAT FUCKING MONSTER DESIGN HOLY FUCK "HEY GUYS YANNO WHATS SCARY? ZAMBIES XD" I really dont know which is better, they both do different things good and bad
5I disagree vehemently. It is scary because of the sound direction and the atmosphere.
76Fucking retard taste.Kill yourselves.
Losing Silent Hills made me quit gaming. ;_;
5So you have no arguments then, good. That wrapped things up quickly.For the record System Shock 2 is literally jump scares the game and the controls are even worse than Silent Hill.
6I'm not that guy.Personally, I believe there is no contest as to what the scariest games I have ever played are, it's the Fatal Frame franchise. But I would never do something as stupid as claim they are objectively the scariest games of all time. Fear is such a subjective thing.
0even worse than Silent HillSo SH sets a low bar already?It must be a great game then.SH sustains an atmosphere for a short while, then fucks it up and you beat things to death. It's not scary. It wasn't then, it isn't now. You're a fucktard.
4I never said objectively, I said arguably. You've been on /v/ too long friend.
9then fucks it up and you beat things to death. Good to know you stopped playing immediately after the hospital.
7Good to know that you can cherry pick. Look at the game subjectively, then consider killing yourself.
3Cherry pickThe hammer is completely useless outside of the hospital.
0in scary factor Ghosts that you cant hit backshitty monsters that you can hit backGo back to your Amnesia and Slender faggotry you fuckface.And this is coming from the guy who likes SH4.
So can someone please explain why this game is so good? I'm really not enjoying it so far, the gameplay is shite. Sure it has a huge world and lots of story but wow the gameplay bores me to tears.
3It's not, it's just marketing and paid reviews saying it's good.Anyone who played the game found it to be mediocre trash.
5Mmm sounds about right. A mate told me I should get it but I think he might have shit taste. I mean seriously after killing the griffon I went back to Bloodborne NG+ and had no motivation to play the witcher anymore.
3playing an RPG for the combatThis has never been a good idea. Ever. All RPGs have shit combat.You either play them for the story and setting or don't play them at all.
0Don't play RPGs for combatSouls
3Mh only gripe is that it's not challenging enough and it's too easy to overlevel by doing secondary quests. Guess I should've chosen Death March instead of Blood and Broken Bones.
4and Dragon's Dogma. If the Witcher 3 had DD combat and Monsters it would be GOTY despite the bugs and crashes. Sadly it's an enhanced Witcher 1.
4Dark soulsrpg
I don't like how the combat is clunky as shit. Even with the game running at 60FPS on my PC it still feels like I'm fighting against input lag and Geralt's slow reflexes.
Marketing and shilling.It's a good game, but nowhere near to being great or GOTY material.The combat is trash, alchemy and some other mechanics were dumbed down, some potions are a joke, quest range from "use witcher amulet and find" to "use wither amulet and kill", world is pretty, but screams "babby's first open world" with its endless copy-paste content and braindead NPCs.
I have a GOG CD key of Witcher 3. Post funny pictures from cartoons, and if I laugh, I'll e-mail it to the first anon with an address listed.
go fuck yourselfcan i have the key now please
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
Who's looking forward to SGDQ '15?
SGDQ is not as large as AGDQ, so it has more potential for being entertaining rather than a clusterfuck of serious tryhards trying to monetize everything and turn it into espoatz.
2Shouldn't he go to a normal hospital?
2not video games, enjoy your summer
I watch this shit just for the drama between autists.
22Chibi cringe thread?
I would really prefer if _______
1Chibi cringre thread.
2he's your average speedrunnernot much else to it
5Thank you for posting this new and exciting video.
2Oh shit nigger its real.Sides are proceeding to launch to space.
Smaller moansListens to ButtsLooks at HitboxesWhy do you *really* play as a girl /v/?Being-the-girl thread.
being-a-girl thread starter image tier rankings so fartopBorderlands SirenWOW Night ElfmidNintendo princessesBayonettalowCrystal
depends, but most of time time you should play male and female in between playthroughs.But mostly I play girls just for a change
7are you implying crystal is a girl
7I enjoy the aesthetics, I enjoy the escapism but I get that from male or female. Mostly I get to play a character that is so far from me but I still invest in to it.
5Ah, you're back! I see you have gone and tryed an MMO character like I've suggested in a thread a while ago.It looks like your experiment is going well.
3Crystal is a girl. Just like Rebel, Rogue and Chicken.9Indeed. I remembered that post, Night Elf results in an excellent thread.I'm still surprised that Bayonetta doesn't receive more responses though.
7because blabla I want to be girl/masturbating/lesbians are awesome
8go away rob
7Because I get more HP and a Crystal Shield, obviously#VERIFYVENUZ
5fuck yourself B.J.
Because if I got a chance to go back and decide what kind of human I'd develop into, right from the moment that my DNA was getting mixed up in the womb and all the genetic choices about my life were being made, going through life as a cute, mentally sound lesbian ranks #2 on my list.#1 was being a straight white male with aesthetic face, so I already lucked out pretty good, but on occasion I like to use video games to pretend I am the sexy little dyke.
6I wanna click-click-clack k'pow, click-click-click-clack that
8being a girl masturbating lesbians sounds fun.
It makes me feel at home.
7To explore additional dialogue options
9 you will never be a straight girl and tease then masturbate lesbians
2you will never be a straight girl and ironically have vigorous girl on girl sex with your straight, platonic girlfriends
6tfw trying out his B skin[Airhorn intensifies]
I'm gay so I always play a guy.If there's unique female skills or armor I might do a playthrough as a woman once.
1This manga was good.
82Frexting3tfw I've had Nuclear Throne for ages and still haven't reached the Throne
7It was.
5does blue ammo really turn red when it claps?
2filenametumblrOH FUCKING GOD It's gotten this bad
2Why haven't you started your lets play channel yet?
7as a girlas a girlas a girlthis is where these threads are getting it wrong. the character you play isn't you, you aren't playing 'as' a girl. you control the character, the character is their own thing in the narrative.
RogueWith bloodlust, second stomach, sharp teeth and plutonium hunger and crown of bloodWelcome to my nuclear gangbang, where every enemy gets fucked whether they like it or not.
2fight tooth and nail to get to the thronefinally start looping regularlyone day everything falls apartnever loop againWord of advice. Choose boring guns, one with high single shot damage and accuracy. And one with some form of crown control
6don't be mad pepe i'm at work, I have to search for pepes on google so I can shitpost
3sorry about not talkingdon't be
6posting a facebook meme
3not being able to maintain a shred of dignity more than these degeneratesI may be fat, bad at games, stupid, forever a virgin, antisocial, hygienically retarded, and obnoxious but I'm still a human being god dammit.
8Some people like to pretend?Many in this thread like to pretend they don't pretend3I prefer to play the game than record it :4generally I try to get one shotgun type and one crazy rapid-fire weaponWhat power-ups do you favour? I tend towards health boost, damage on touching, no explosion damage under 4HP and stronger attract
4Tfw the new Labs loop boss from the last update.Holy fuck, several high HP super spawners that spawn spawners, spawning spawns. Also Crystal a best. Sometimes it is impossible to escape the bullet hell, and that's when crystal shines.
Never seem to find good new weaponsAlways seem to be hauling around shit like the Flak Cannon all the way to the throneJust give me a god damn heavy assault rifle already. I just want to pop pop
7git gud, flak cannon is fine and almost every weapon is good provided you have back muscle
4This fucking Flak Cannon sucksFires 3 shots all enemies deadwhat?
7I like girl butts
9GOD TIERStrong SpiritGOOD TIERRabbit PawBack MuscleBoiling VeinsBloodlustPlutonium HungerSecond StomachTrigger FingersMEDIUM TIERBolt MarrowLaser BrainOpen MindRecycle GlandScarier FaceLOW TIERLucky ShotEagle EyesSharp TeethStressLong ArmsBAD TIERLast WishExtra FeetShotgun ShouldersEuphoriaGamma GutsHammerheadImpact Wrists
8Throne Butt obviously depends on what character you're usingCOMPLETELY BROKEN TIERPlantGOOD TIERSteroidsMeltingChickenRebelHorrorMID TIERCrystalEyesYVRobotLOW TIERFishRogue
7Missing the point, the problem is that tumblr has been creating pepes. Basically the fag is going "B-but muh sekret handshake"
9you don't need to go to video games to get them though.6YV and Crystal are best IMHOChicken is totally unfun and requires playing the game in permanent slow-motion to succeed
8Impact Wristsbad tiermuh guns waaaaaah :'
3Does braaping take twice as long to reload as popping?8Literally a meme mutation
Getting Nuke Launcher, Crown of Explosions and BRRRRAP
4It takes 3x as long as normal fire. So technically you fire faster while brrraping.
YV is a dumb meme
9Gun Godz came out before Reddit went apeshit with the illuminati shit so he's cool.Doseone is also a pretty cool guy.
Who #GUNGODZ here?9you on my piss list like white girl rhymes
THIS IS NOW A YUNG VENUZ THREAD
8Forgot Rhino SkinProbably medium tier
0Rhino Skin is High Tier unless you also have Strong Spirit.
0I always thought the orange chargey guys were fuzzy.
core tierback musclebloodlustlaser brainplutonium hungerrabbit pawpretty good tierboiling veinsbolt marrowextra feetimpact wristsrhino skinscarier facesecond stomachstrong spirittrigger fingersit's okay tiereagle eyesopen mindsharp teethstresssituational tierlong armspatiencerecycle glandthrone buttliterally why tiereuphoriagamma gutshammerheadlast wishlucky shotshotgun shoulders0I keep meaning to play it
auto crossbow with bolt marrowI don't even have to try to aim
0Heavy Auto Crossbow with Bolt Marrow
OFFICIAL THRONE BUTT TIER LIST:ERRYTIME:PlantCrystalUnless Strong Spirit, Bloodlust, or Rabbit Paw is there:MeltingRebelHorrorChickenSteroidsAfter you got a nice base set of mutations:YVFishEyesRobotDon't bother:Rogue
playing masculine men makes me really uncomfortable and being a lady makes me feel happy
16Plant's should really just be swapped with his Ultra A, there's no reason anyone would ever take stereo snares over saplings
wich mutie cutie wud u fug?
5implying there's any other choice
4BRRARAAAP takes 3 times as long to reload as regular shooting but you get 4 times the power3then be a lady5Orgy with Rebel
4Are you sure you want to see what's under those bandages?
7Worth it. At most vanilla, fun time with multiple cloned ladieseven better the bandages have great bondage potential.top tier bandages work like BSB's goop comic's and wrap around their victim trapping them as a femme mummy 
7because
3They shouldn't have put genders on the 2 Splatoon characters. It would be interesting to see who chose what.
0Having second thoughts after my clones keep running away and hiding behind walls when the vortex comes so I can't get their rads
7I don't for a few reasons1 I like roleplaying and I prefer to roleplay as a guy.2 all the moans and butts would arouse me too easily.
I wish I was a girl, but I know I can't be.Video games are an escape.
7i feel you anon.
74whats stopping you from being a girl?
7because trans is shit..at least for this day and age
7crossdressing is fine tho
yfw you first get to the YV mansion
Double Quardraple machinegun+ eagle eyes + throne butt as steroids +recycle gland
7Nah. Most trans girls I know are pretty hot0sure is. 3I kill you in the face for me nuclear throne
 mfw LoL babbys are worried about a little furball planting mushrooms that does DoT damage mfw they call him Satan Are all League players this beta?
Damage over time damage
Personal identification number number
teemo's coolfun to kill and fun to kill with
What's wrong with him? Don't play lol
6Techies Lite.
play techieswinNice game dotards
I'd blow teemo's dart if you get what I'm saying.
whatever happened to nekasaur?
7Seeing techies in a ranked game usually means they are decent or else they are reported and sent straight to low prio matches.
3techies relies on your opponents being bad
0She got fat so they fired her.
4He is sort of difficult in a way that you can't buy a gem equivalent anymorePart of why they call that little shit satan is because of his tiny frame, his motherfucking cunt abilities, and the fact that he smiles even when he dies BRAVO RITO MODEL TEAM
Pick TechiesEveryone loses
 pick techies someone picks Furion win gameevery time
4Pick techiesGo offlaneDon't even bother hiding the mines, just use them to farm and prevent absolutely anyone from harassing and gankingLater place stasis and remotes in clear sight right behind own team and under towersOther team can literally do nothing95% winrateBy basically playing techies like a regular heromuh "only person having fun is techies" reddit gag
7What are remote minesBravo
3this.Even dual lane techies in pubs is cancer for the opposing team. 1 good stunner and the carry is good as dead.
3Pick Techies and defend tower as others split pushToss 2 mines ahead of me and then more near the towerUse my sign on the closer onesThey come with wards and pretend to be flustered Get chased and kill myselfRampageThanks IceFrog
4Only low-ranked players whine about Teemo.Mobas are also shit though so why are you posting this
4So they weren't content stealing an entire game like typical chicks?
4I have always wondered what does that think Moba games are shit play
teeto is le satan!! xDIt's a leddit meme for shitters, kids and bads. You won't see a Teemo in high elo since he gets shit on so easily.
3I tend to play like that too.Although, it IS a lot of fun to hide mines. There's satisfaction in blowing up the enemy team with mines hidden by your sign.
playing techies bh on other teamafter mines blow up, use a different spotend up killing him 13 timeswe still lose
0oh fuck I forgot all about hermfw this was a thumbnail for a video at some pointevery time I open LoL or finish a game she would be there staring at meend up fapping a shitload of times because of it
1What?That's creepy. She is not being or acting like a sexual object.
3she's literally begging for it
pick Techies in unranked solo queuerest of my team picks like retardsI get 22 kills and I'm the only reason the game went over an hourI wish people wouldn't do retarded shit like Offlane PA w/30 min BFury
9Meh./co/ did warm me /v/ was sexist
1got fat as fuck though
130 min bfI see this so many times and don't even fucking farm with it just auto attack heroes
3Dark Seer and Techies will never not be funny to playallahu akbar at 522vaccuum on to mine stacks they go to counter
4lol whats the matter?? to beta to drink poison??DoTA players are literally beta cucks because they don't play their own game, the RNG does. So technically they're cucked by dicerolls.
4Yes, /v/ is a terrible place. /co is much better. please return there, forever.
7DoTA players are literally beta cucksI think they are for being so insecure about their game that they have to bring up another one whenever there is a discussion about itAnd other way around. Assfaggots are pathetic.
8friend has over 100 games as techieswhenever I pick techies he fucking bitches and wines about my bomb placement still get godlike in 10 mins bu-but muh mindgaems Literally only dependant skill on that hero is wether or not the enemy team has downs
Someone make me good at dota 2 please
0some guy got to diamond spamming teemo i think it was The Rain Man
9fuck she looks like trash there, I can't imagine how she looks now
4Can we talk about how Techies is the hero you pick when you are pissed off and need to let off steam?Play game as TechiesPlace mines in areas that no one would expect Techies to plantBlow their shit upGet any haste runes and Allah Akubar themEnemy team is mildly annoyedPlace mines in a swastika shapeThey rage when they find out.
5If you're new, random every match. You'll get a feel for a lot of heroes and their play styles and you work from what you like from there
0I always go Allah on them, but the Nazi sign is a new one.
0I do and im semi new. I usually try pretty hard but my team throws more than half the time. I donno what to do.
7Keep going/get friends
4I find it always makes ONE person get buttmad, ally or enemy. That, or this: :^
4the secret to techies is picking them when the other team fucks up and picks 4 or 5 melee heroes. People will quit out of boredom long before you can lose in that scenario.
i like to plant a mountain of bombs in the ass-end corner of the map and waiting 30 minutes for someone to come by. totally worth it
4
0Place mines in a swastika shapeoh, that reminds me:playing a pub match as techiesmy team is just complete fucking trash except for one guy who randomed IoIo spends the entire game desperately trying to keep the other 3 retards alive while I turn the map into Cambodiaother team is continuously exploding and completely incapable of dying3/5 team is too retarded to pushat one point the 3 of them die trying to backdoor a tier 2 towerother team buys a gem of true sightspot the person carrying itme and Io formulate a master planIo tethers me, use bonus movespeed to dash up, throw a remote mine at the gem holder and then Praise allahrest of the other team moves to intercept, but Io grabs the gem and immediately relocates to base and drops itother team buys another gemrepeatbecause I'm a techies with a terrible team, the match drags on foreverhave 16 fucking gems in a big pile in the fountainarrange them in a swastika formation in the center of the mapfill the center with remote mines enemy team spots it2 of them run up to grab some gemsdetonate the giant pile of minesboth dieone immediately disconnects and abandonsrest of other team follows suit except one guyroll into their base and demolish it single-handedlymatch time over an hour and a half
4mfw posting a thread about a game you hate that nobody plays and trying to make your game that nobody plays seem better than the game you hate that nobody plays
3why consolefags are so angry about games they can't play?
5Pure gold Is there an easy way to get to 50~500 mmr? I just wanna steam roll plebs with terrible builds
4Play support and buy wards, carry a tp always and save your offlaner from ganks.
2To get down to that low of an mmr? The fucking foreign trash in 3k are driving me insane
5Oh I completely misread your post... Just make a smurf, man
7
7Techies works extremely well in combination with a couple of hard carries. He drags the game out and prevents your enemy from pushing high ground for long enough for your carry to get 6 slotted with agis and then you win
7As long as you get Aghs before you lose a Barracks, it doesn't matter how fucking bad your team is, it doesn't matter how fucking good the other team is, and it doesn't matter what else is happening in the match: the other team can't push. With Aghs you can wipe a creep wave with one remote mine. You get a remote mine every ten seconds. Once you've got aghs they should never be able to get creeps anywhere near your base again.
4They just buy necro and switch the lane where they push. The sign radius should be bigger.
5Anyone else done other designs with the mines?I have personally done swastika, :^, a huge arse 4 and a U That one was around a gem and a hand flipping them off.
What are your win/win heroes, /v/?I have a 70-80% win ratio with Troll Warlord, Leshrac and Undying.
5bullshit gem of true sight restocks once every 10 mins, that would be roughly 10 gems assuming they bought a gem at min1.
5Post match id nigga i wanna see this
5literally nothing but flavor of the patch heroeswow man youre so good with your 3k plays
7I've been playing those three since I started playing two years ago. I hated when Troll Warlord and now Leshrac became fotm.
i can only have fun in all random because it seems when i play AP people just pick cancer pickswould it be worth it to just pick a hero for each role and focus on learning them? surely each hero has ways of managing some cancer picks.
7I'll play with you anon, we can duo queue single draft or all random
5Doom, Lich, Wraith King, Lion, Dark Seer
OK so can someone break down to me how to git gut with techies?I always played them like everyone plays them: Place remotemines / mines and hope for the enemy team to suck, be heavily underleveled and lose. Then when I started to git gut at dota I completely dropped techies and never touched them again.But I somehow developed the urge to really master them over the last weeks due to boredom.So, how do you REALLY play these little fuckers? Any techie-master-nerd here?
8Learn how to be a merciless asshole.
8Drop mines everywhere.Get Aghs asap.Plant remote mines around towers.The enemy team should be incapable of pushing now.Wait until your carry has a billion gold.Win.
4toxic champs like teemo are considered toxic for having toxic mechanicsit is somehow okay for gameplay to be toxicmeanwhile dota fans think that techies is good game designhell, they think even half of dota's champs are good game designSaged.
Is there a more forgotten hero in the game than this guy? The only one I can think of being anywhere close is shadow demon
5Enchantress is my go to win character.Almost always get first blood.
8Shadow DemonShadow Demon is getting more popular since the last patch, since aghs Demonic Purge is amazing.
dotards call Techies the 'nobody has fun' herodotards get mad when LoLfags call Teemo the 'sneaky little shit' champ
5comicKek. Is there an archive for those dota 2 comics?
8I fucking love playing as him, but even I gotta admit that he is a complete waste of space. Natural Order is great but his other skills are horrid for an initiator if the enemy team knows how to play.
8Doom
3one of the most well known skills in the gameforgotten characternah nigger
3Daily reminder that techies can:Block camps before 00:00Has the strongest tower damaging spell in the game, at the lowest cooldownForces enemy team to pick at the least 2 600-range heroes, and a way to get highground/flying vision & true sight Forces enemy team to get necrobooks/summon to diffuse the weak physical mine typeCan deny himself dealing 1150 damage in a aoe750 damage nuke at 10 seconds cooldown4 second aoe stun
techies is an autistic hero for autistic people who want to sit autistically waiting for mana to regen to place another mine on the rune spot or stay in base planting remotes near t3 towers expecting enemy push because of course their team is losing due to being 4v5 with a useless piece of shit of an autistic hero like techiesb-b-but i do sick mlg combos with force staff and euls and static mines and participate in teamfightsno you dont faggot stop lying
6pick Zeususe thunderboltCongratulations, Techies is now a completely useless piece of shit
6Has the strongest tower damaging spell in the game, at the lowest cooldownYou're forgetting about someone.
47seems like all mobafags are the same, just stand around n fling shit at each other thinking theyll ever go pro. its hilarious
0Implying techies gives a shit after Bolt was nerfed from 1000 truesight vision to 600Implying you can kill enough mines when melee heroes can't help you4Deals less than half the damage per spellDeals a lot less damage even with a 5.5 second cooldown
PLEASE HELP METHIS IS FUCKING UNBEARABLENO AMOUNT OF ABADDON CAN SAVE ME IF MY CARRY IS A VOID WITH A SHADOW BLADE
4Pugna and Skeleton kings are among my favorite hero. Nether ward and the ult with Aghs are so damn fun.
3Good thing that I am in the MMR where nobody pick melee heroes against Techies. Get fucked, and git gud.
8I have never seen anyone but me pick Doom except by randoming.Which is weird because Doom fucking owns and I've got like a 90% win rate with him despite the fact that I suck dick at this game. You've got the most powerful single target spell in the game and with Aghs it's pretty much a guaranteed kill on anyone who you are faster than. You're great at farming because Devour is basically a free Midas and, once you find an Alpha Wolf to eat, also gives you a +30% damage aura and crits. Scorched Earth is a fucking movespeed buff, a damage over time aura, and it heals you. With aghs you can just Doom someone and pop scorched earth and ride them down until they die. Plus you've got a skill that does decent damage but also, depending on the enemy's level, can just flat out take a fifth of their HPand has a low cooldown. I don't know why nobody picks him, he's incredible. You can treat him like a carry if you wanthe's pretty good at it but I like to play big harassment douchebag Doom. I can just grab tranquil boots at like 2 minutes into the game to make my armor not shitty and start just fucking rolling up into other people's lane and popping Scorched Earth. It hurts my farm a littlenot much though cause Devour but at early levels almost no hero has the ability to shut me down if I just pop scorched Earth and bumble straight up their lane right clicking on them. It gives the rest of my team like ten entire minutes of nearly unopposed farming, because every time I show up in a lane the enemy has to either run or die. And then when they finally scrape together enough xp to get abilities that shut me down, I fuck off and farm up while my team butchers them with their huge xp and gold advantage.
3Level 4 nether blast deals 162 damage to all buildings at a 5.5 cooldown.Level 4 mines deal 238 damage to tier 1 towers, 210 to tier 2 and 3 towers, and 187 to tier 4 towers at 10 sec cooldown.In 33 seconds Pugna will have dealt 1134 damage to buildings if cast every time on cooldown, while Techies will have dealt 714 on tier 1 towers if cast every time on cooldown.
4Forgetting who?
9waiting for mana to regensoul ring and arcane boots you retardfunctionally infinite mana at like 4 minutes into the game
8Because doom early game is mostly shit in any organized play.
7at the lowest cooldownAre you implying Edict has a low cooldown?
4Not to mention even given a perfect situation, where Edict only hits the tower it's still not that amazing compared to Nether Blast.
queue with two friendswe go Techies/Shadow Demon/Bloodseekerour entire gimmick is amping damage on the enemy and then having Techies get rampages with suicideAyy
Techies is great for blowing up the whole entire enemy team, but is easier to shut down due to the hundreds of ways to reveal invisible targets in Dota 2. Teemo is more versatile. He can use his shrooms defensively or offensively. The rest of his kit is good for split pushing and dominating lane against most melee champions. While Teemo shrooms are weaker, they still deal good amounts of damage, have decent AoE, has an attached slow, and are on a lower cooldown with no cap. Mainly the reason why people don't like Teemo is because of his player base and the anti-fun factor that he brings to the game. Of course, there are much better champions, but he's no fun to play against unless you dominate him. Same with Techies.
88Pick doom in competitiveThey just block your camps to be dicksYou don't even have enough jungle vision to rotate over if the creep you want spawnPros ignore the OP small camp creepsTroll Healer, The Harpie and the HP aura from Large SatyrProceeds to build shit item to get the Break status effect, even if the enemy team has no heroes that needs to be brokenProceeds to build shit itemsEnd up playing "muh doom" instead of "muh ahead carry"Lose
8AGHS AGHS AGHSif i'm playing techies in ranked i go arcaneaghsnecrolearn to use allies, for example if your level one try and bait into mines, you won't believe the amount of people that assume they can surivive 3x level 1 mines at level 1 with an ally waiting nearby to fuck their shit upput mines at strategic spots to control the map, defend the carry etc. areas like ramps/stairs into the jungle, rosh pit, area around radiant ancients and dire secret shop
7hundreds of waysDustwho the fuck uses dust to get rid of mines?wardsgemall countered with aghs+signwhat
3Pugna's ult is the dumbest shit in the universewithout aghs it's really fucking strong, lets you basically full heal yourself while also doing a shitload of damage to someonewith aghs it's basically infinite HP and also anyone who goes near you fucking melts
4Literally just pick Zeus.
3It's also really easy to stop, since it's a channeled spell which doesn't disable your enemy.
5Pure Skill Magi and Witch Doctor
81. Is the enemy retards? Keep on killing them with chokepoint mines2. Is the enemy not retarded? Block their jungle camps, farm lanes/tower/jungle with mines + soul ring, and stop being underleveled as fuck
5Legion Commander all day every day.
7Techies can splitpush decently too.His mines even deal damage to towers.
7He can use his shrooms defensively or offensivelyMines sure can't be used the same way
6This
8Well first thing you do in any match is buy soul ring recipe, tp scroll, and a truckload of clarityImmediately, as soon as physically possible, TP yourself down to the lane you do not intend to be in and dump 3 mines in the side shop. Then leave and head to your actual lane. I have literally never, not once, seen this fail to get a kill. When they see techies on the other side of the map, they think their side shop is clear. They are wrong. Nowhere is safe from your bullshit. Other than that, get a soul ring and arcane boots ASAP and use the trick for basically infinite mana. Use this to dump mine clumps in the enemy jungles and on the sides of lanes. Nobody will chase a techies but plenty of people are dumb enough to chase a techies teammates. Get your team to lead the enemies into mines. Your end goal here to make the other team too afraid to chase anyone on your team or leave the safety of their lanes and towers. Your goal is to prevent the enemy from pushing, and to make them spend money on gems and sentries and such, by waging a campaign of early game fear against them.Any time they go into their jungle, boom. Any time they chase you, boom. Any time they chase one of your team, boom. Any time they go absolutely anywhere that they don't have true sight over, boom. This is the early game. This gets them to waste money on true sight items and prevents them from farming effectively or killing your team.Mid-late game, you stop laying traps everywhere, and you buy a Force Staff and an Aghs. It doesn't matter if they have true sight. It doesn't matter if they all have gems. You can wipe a wave of creeps in ones shot. If you have bought an Aghs and they have not already raxxed you you are unstoppable. You can't be outpushed. Any time someone tries to kill you you explode and deny yourselfand kill them too. Their creeps can't get anywhere near your towers. It may take you hours, but you win.Every techies game is a Vietnam War reenactment.
ITT: theorycrafting sub 3k trenchshitters
0get a scythe of vyse win game
7implying there is such a huge gape in skillkek inb4 last hitting is hard.
5I have a good winrate with visage AA zeus all 70%+60% on almost every support as well.
So, who's your favourite voice actor in the game? Personally its David Scully, especially Dazzle, Bane and Sven.
4Nice blog
8diamond is not a high elochallenger and masters are high elo
3been playing Leoric since day 1 in warcraft 3 dotahad some side picks but never really get tired of playing skeletor, only pick others when the situation calls for itpeople always say skelly is for beginners only but never think i'll stop playing badass bone emperorWRAITH NIGHT!!!skeleton king is no longer a skeletontubby ugly retardrerecorded voice lines with idiot filter and NOW WITH MORE MEMESpuke tier color scheme, completely all over the placesavagely classic quotes replaced with weak ass wraith variantsno longer a king of bonesno longer any relation with all the other skeletonsthere isn't even a single other wraith in the game to interact withThey did it. I haven't played the King since. Good job valve
5tfw last time you played league platinum was the highest rank
7DAESPOOKI MR BONES?!?!?!!! this is funny meme btw
7Aren't there clientside mods that turn him back to Skeleton King, voice and all?
4next you're going to tell me that you perform proplays on a regular basis
Why is this allowed?
8Because we have no board of ethics in video games.
Because you're buying Iffy games
8Because fuck sjw and gaming bloggers.
Haha whatThis isn't real, right
7it's real
8For you to give it a free shill.
88I hope the translators die of cancer.
8Because it's fannay xD
8Did Mr. Shitface write this?
Because it was translated by NISA rejects.
How was this allowed?
1Sakura Wars 1 Fan-Translation WHEN?
8This is why I don't know if I should continue the nep series in english or japanese.I started out with Nep in english so I'm used to that wacky ass translation, but now than I can read moon I actually know its all BS.I'm conflicted.
8You should shut the fuck up, Onsokumaru
Its only mentioned once and never brought up again. Probably a small jab at whatever shit the western game industry is going through.
Gamers are deadddddddddddddddddddddd.Just listen and believe you shitlords.
I'm too lazy to dig up my NISA copypasta and besides that I'm pretty sure these are done by IFI these days anyway but basically they are the worst kinds of localizers.
8I don't really get what the problem here even is.
Reminder that OP is a shitposter from /nepgen/ trying to shove his stupid agenda down our throats/vg/105067338And he's EXTREMELY butthurt that people know that it's him
wordsthatfollow.comgame room: /v/idyapassword: rageGame is basically a competitive filename thread/game. You're presented with an image, you give it a hilarious caption more points for vidya related ones not really. Then you vote anonymously on which one you like most, then all is revealed and the round ends. 6 or so rounds in a game. don't forget to bump!Nigger Mario unrelated
Bump
bump
BUMP
Boomp
Full
0Someone make a new lobby, I wanna play too!
new lobby cmon
bumb
We need some more wittier people in here. this has potential
bumping this is fun
5bump
5bump
BUMP
b
Anyone still here?
bump
bumpo
bumpty dumpty sat on a wall
turks and iranians
bumpty dumpty sat on a wall
shit's full niggershave fun
1use another room
1just make a /v/idya2 you torke khar
64/v/idya 2pass : rage
i want to play this when i wake up in 10 hoursif there's no room i'll make one with the same name and password
bump, keep it alive guys
.
pls is a cheater
bump
filename threadpass: HE
is rage
/v/diya 2PW: rageget in here fags
This is hard
5Black mario
7MARIO'S A NIGGER
BUMP
bumberino
rage as password isn't workingWho the fuck makes rooms without the password being correct
7Try HE you fucking retarded shit
bumperoo
This game is fun
bamp
DONT DIE ON ME
bump
BUMPUMP
5Giant, white, glowing nipples
Why do my posts not show up in the chat?
fuck feg
7Fuck off Feg nobody cares about you
8He's not Feg, I'm Feg
7fuck off feg
0feg detected
Feg is a fag
Feg getting BTFO so hard another website is needed
feg posting is best posting
4feg detected
We will never forget you Feg. It was fun while it lasted
Holy shit Feg is a homo
7thanks
3filtered
3OK
6reported for being feg
6OK
game is full
8make your own game then
8Just wait for Feg to kill himself so we can open it up
6Excuse me friend, but you seem to have forgotten to remove your tripcode.No harm done, just make sure it doesn't happen again okay?
3OK
3Fuck off Feg
Feg a shit
4OK
get in here faggots
3Get in here Feggots.
I'm fucking gay
7yup
7we know feg
tfw you accidentally vote for Feg
Post yfw Feg loses.
8tfw Feg speaks
6niggers
8
I have yet to see a game where mcb, Mr. Rogers, or Feg doesn't win. What's your secret you guys?
8
8tfw w7 leaves
1
7I eat pussy and push kids off bikes.
Bye, w7
1
6Get a load of this Feg.
0Feg detected
7FUCK ROGERS SERIOUSLY HE JUST POINTS OUT THE MOST STUPID SHIT OH THE OWL IN A TREE LOOKS LIKE AN OWL IN AN ANUS LEL "WWW.GAYBEAST.COM" 4 VOTES WHAT THE FUCK
1
1Hi there, mcb.
greenman here, it was fun playing with you guysexcept feg, fuck that guy
8Found the Feggitor/feggit/
1hi Feg
1Green and w7 are the true heroes of words that follow.
both rooms are full
W here.If this shit is still going later I'll probably hop back in. So long as Feg isn't still around.Fucking hell was he lame.
0just for you I'm staying for good
0nobody likes you feg
0I can actually believe you are the kind of neckbeard loser who would truly do that.
5I'll just leave my browser open while I do other things. Easy peasy.
5What did he even do?
robotonik is signing offNot the same without green and dubya
3Feg detected
FUCKING WHITEYS
, 
See post Tripcode Avatars with anime characterActs smug and condescending Contributed nothing to discussion No one wants him here but he insists that his opinion is worth posting
Does this game really think it can compete with HATRED?
Does Hatred really think it can compete with this?
, 
So what did /v/ think about this game?I thought the story and atmosphere were spot on, pure fan service. The script could totally work as a legit sequel for the movies.The puzzles, however, were extremely weak. I only really liked the music one from episode 2.
bump
8I agree with you- never understood the massive amount of hate I saw for it. The format is great for a BttF game, and I loved talking to people as Marty.The biggest disappointment was how small each Hill Valley iteration felt. The episodic structure was both good and bad that way- it made sense that one episode would be in one time period, but with only a few areas to see each was pretty shallow.
8the game is decent, my only complaint is the art style
5but with only a few areas to see each was pretty shallowThis, pretty much. It was pretty sad to see that an area from one time period was blocked off in another by an invisible dead end. Half of the fun was comparing them between periods/timelines, ffs.Streamlining is the cancer killing video games.5What style would you go with?
I really enjoy the BttF franchise, but I couldn't get into the game. Bought it day one, but I still haven't finished episode one yet.Really wish I could get into point and clicks with their random logic and puzzles.
more starting Pokemon over Gatesall 720 Pokemon are in, possibly even moreLegendaries play a big deal in the storyMonster House is backHunger is backit's already better than Gates of Infinity
9Source?
9Anon there are 721 pokemon
4Yesterday's nintendo direct.
3mfw just watched the trailer on serebiifinally a 3ds game to look forward to
3WAIT, there was a nintendo direct?Damn.
1Yeah. A japan only direct. They also announced the release windows shortly after.Winter 2015 for the us and spring 2016 for europe.I'm just gonna import the jp version. Fuck waiting that long.
hunger being back is a godsend
I thought the company that makes the Dungeon games lost the rights to pokemon,.
I'm not feeling the starter selection. Where's the oddball Pokemon like Munchlax or Psyduck?
7Not there. There are 20 starter pokemon: all starters from each gen + pikachu and gamefreak's Lightning.
9Fucking op fails to deliver again
3That's a lot of overlap on types. Do any of those guys even have dual typing in their first stage?
Wait, so they removed hunger after red /blue rescue team?
7to be fair though you already have plenty to pick9eh, wasn't a problem in older games since there are plenty of starters even during Gen 3's tenure3muh Lucario isn't really popular!
9There's bulbasaur and uh bulbasaur.
1After sky.
One thing I worry is localization.Gender was there in Japanese Gates. However when brought over, they removed gender.1They removed it in the previous mystery dungeon game.
1Only in gates. And it returned in certain post game dungeons.
0Rayquaza Vs. Deoxysagain
9tfw the anime predated the Rayquaza vs Deoxys conflict
9Starters, Pikajew and RioluDisappoining / 10
8implying anyone ever gave a fuck about Skitty, Psyduck, Machop, Phanpy and furfagb8 eevee
I just hope they let us Evolve without beating the story this time.
5nah
9Not wanting Eeveefite me irl
9c u b o n eubone
9wanting eeveeHow's that Flareon's fursuit going, champ?
4And Munchlax.Other non-starter MC choices are shit I admit. Even Psyduck who's only popular because of memetry
2FlareonThis much shit tasteGlaceon is sexier.
9Don't even play like Ray v. Deo isn't the hypest shitDon'tEVENplay
0the blandest, most poorly designed Eevee next to LeafeongoodPot, kettle, opinion
No personality test this time around too?
5I never said it wasn't, but it's just so overdone.This is, like, the third time this fight happens. Four if you count the Meteorite in MD: Red/Blue.
5Clearly a flaming Sylveonfag.
1Nope. Just a wheel of 20 pokemon.
9play MD for the first timeuninterested, ready to hate on itdo quizI'm psyduckFor some reason felt like the game just insulted me and I felt in love with it.
1It's just one of those things, anon.Cats vs. DogsPokemon vs. DigimonDubs vs. SubsRay vs DeoBesides, we don't know they're fighting. Maybe Ray's rushing up to give him a big ol hug.
G O O M YOOMY
5Rayquaza exists to watch over the atmosphere and keep Groudon and Kyogre in check. Deoxys always somehow ends up invading Rayquaza's territory and posing as a threat. Didn't the Deoxys movie explain that?
15It makes sense, canonically, that Rayquaza and Deoxys would be natural enemies.One is a guardian deity who considers the atmosphere as it's territory.The other is an interloper alien creature that generally crashes as a meteorite, violently penetrating the earth's ozone layer.
T O G E P IOGEPI
4is shit
0violently penetrating the earth's ozone layer.so he cucks rayquaza
6I'll fucking slice your dick off, fry it up in some sunflower oil, and eat it with ketchup, chili sauce, and mustard on a pretzel bun if you keep talking shit bout my bro Togepi
Monster House was in Gates.
9I was always meowthDoesn't look like its back though. I guess I'll just go with treecko or chespin
5This. It's so shitty you couldn't evolve without doing everything worth doing in the game.
9implying Skitty, Shinx, Phanpy weren't greatI'm cool with this roster though. I wanna be Oshawott again.
2Volcanion isn't officially revealed yet, so the game has all 720 officially revealed mons
9Was hunger missing in previous installments? I've only played the first games.
mfw my favorite pokemon has been in every MD, even Gates
6But 3DSs are region locked?
I'm really looking forward to it. I hope they're going all out this time and there'll be lots of postgame involving the legendaries etc. like in Sky.tfw Yuropoorian
0pikachu a shitashit
4yfw it's actually pic related
9Ignore this, I read the thread.
4tfw i jerked off hardcore to pikachu yesterday
1I thought you meant starterwooper a shitashit
5This is my only issue with the Mystery Dungeon series.There's something so exciting about evolving your pokemon. Especially when you recruit something like an Eevee that requires evolution to make use of. I'm slightly worried this game might go down the 'free to play' route. They tried it with the DLC in the last game which was thankfully just 'pay to make the game easier'. I feel like unfortunately this game would actually suit a free to play model very well.
9It's already confirmed to be a payed title.
9It's already been confirmed it's a retail game, check the end of the trailer, that's clearly a price
4We need the return of Fatachu. Pikachu's gotten too much Mickey Mouse Mascot Syndrome these days.
these games always make me cry like a little bitch
4No. I'm a fan of anarexichu.
8I know. I've got a jp 3ds for jap learning purposes.
4I actually like pikachu. A shit is a meme
I really wish they would go back to 2D sprites again
no machop or cubone startersdropped
Never played any of these, what are they comparable to?
3They're rougelikes only with pokemon. I've heard people compare them to Shiren the Wanderer
1Those 2D sprites were the best thing ever.Does anybody have the huge picture with every Red/Blue pokémon sprite?
9Fuck yes please god yes
1As much as I hated having to restart the game because it chose something I didn't want I'll miss those questionsa hand comes out of the toilet, what do you do?shake hands with it
3S.he
4WERSTER!
replaying skydoing quiz"Have you ever accidentally called a teacher "Mom"?"mfw
1I don't want to say goodbye 
3
Looks like it's time to dust off my 3ds can't wait
9Nigga, Cubone was the best PC back in Red.
6 months after NA, EU gets itFor what purpose
0I still don't understand how it has come back to this. BW2 was a magnificent turning point for Pokémon because it was a worldwide release. It was one of the big selling points for me along with "hard mode" which they also took straight out.
9Raichu is better.
0Gamefreak vs Chunsoft I guess
0BW2 was a magnificent turning point for Pokémon because it was a worldwide release.I thought they killed this because everyone who got an early copy keeps spoiling a lot of stuff from left to right
0Looking at the past PMDs they always had a huge gap between the releases. But yeah, it's a shame we still have to wait several months. Such a gap doesn't do the game any favor.
Can I play as this qt again?
0Because they need time to rerelease the game with NoA's, hopefully not too shitty, localization.
9so will this be for the first 3ds or the "new 3ds"
6Not as a starter mon.
7Just 3ds
7Both.I can't imagine the MD series will make use of the second analogue stick. They may make use of Amiibos though.
Sprites3D Models
4mad
0Then it's already worse than Gates
Can people stop pretending that Gates of Infinity is good now?The dearth of content in that game is unforgivable
06QUICKPost ending in1223344556677889are PSMD partners
What's the big deal with removing Hunger? As someone who's never played a Mystery Dungeon game, Hunger sounds like a hassle
19Oh rad, I'm kinda excited for this now.
5Hunger sounds like a hassle"wahh mom games have challenges and are too hard please man it ez for me :3"Literally fuck off
5I know right? also why are there enemies in the dungeons, so annoying
4Togepi is now a pure fairy-typeIt would have been an excellent starter if they gave it egg moves like they did in Sky. Plus, all the qt portraits.
7They should remove health it's hard to plan around that. I don't like variables that I have to think about.
6That looks nothing like a Raichu, though.But I do love that artist.
8Scraggy, nigga
Goddamn, I don't even know who to play as now.
5What's the big deal with removing Hunger?As someone who's never played a Mystery Dungeon gameThat's why you don't know the big deal with it, dingus.When you plan a long trip don't you pack at least some sandwiches? Same thing here.The fun is planning and packing for the dungeon dive.You have limited inventory space that you have to fill with food, healing items and possible loot you find.
8Lillipup.
8Clefairy
8Archen
8Minccino
5The thing is hunger isn't a hassle.With proper preparation it might as well not be there.But it's fun to just walk through walls and see what you can find. And the hunger stat really helps with this.
8Snubbullalso on a serious note, while I will miss some of the more unusual player choices like phanpy and munchlax, I'm more disappointed about the lack of type diversity- I'd have liked to see at least one option for each type
6Hunger is indeed a hassle when it comes to the post game dungeons
Splatoon:High Score editionIt's time to git gud and level up to at least a 10.
2Whoa OP I bet you stayed up as late as 11 PM for that score
2You versused a team with a Level 3 and a Level 7. Do you think you're fooling anyone?
1Happy?
1He thinks level mattersI've seen level 1s demolish people over level 10
621300+ scores Pretty impressive
2Lmao even from the nicknames you can tell all of those players are childrenOnly a real kid would use their real life name as a nick
The splat is semen
OP why did you post it again? You posted this yesterday, too.Are you that desperate for attention?
8Only a real kid would use their real life name as a nickYeah they need a real mature gammer nickname like 420callofdutyforlyfe69
63 kills2 deaths
3My question is why do you spent your life here where you see every thread that is made?
8muh online persona
2who gives a shit.autosage
0Come on anon Tell me with a straight face that you cant directly see that players like "richard", "colin" and "tim" arent literal childrenIt goes like this :Ages 0-5 : not playing online games anywaysAges 5-12 : Naively use their real life name for everythingAges 12-18: Trying to use an overly "cool" name like you mentioned18+ : Regular nicknames
8impying kills matterYou must be Japanese
0You're not fooling anyone Cary.
Worst game ever
8I'm pretty sure it uses your Mii's name. My Mii doesn't look like me or have my name but I'm sure plenty of people make themselves.
Why does anyone use anything but stock SS jr./bubble?Stack damage/special time reducers and it out-preforms everything.
1The name you are given in-game is the name of your account's Mii. Users are encouraged to make a Mii of themselves, and are likely to name it after themselves. It's less strange on Wii U than on other plkatforms to be using a real name.
1Ages 12-18: Trying to use an overly "cool" name like you mentioned18+ : Regular nicknamesthere's no difference you're just bitter your parents gave you a gay name, leslie
6I used the bubbler for a while but it felt cheap so I stopped.
1I'm 25 and use my real life name. Most of the people on my PS4 friends list have opted to use real names and they're all 18+
1mfw I use my real first name on miiversemfw I got the game last night and was getting paired against level 20+ and whooping thier assconstantly above 1100 even when losingmfw all these fucking meta tier traps and ambushes I can do on my own to camp the opposing team at thier base
1is salmon a regular nickname
2Thanks doc.
8see7My alias doesn't fit on my Mii and they decided to go with Mii over NNID that you NEED to play Splatoon.
/v/'s desperate attempts to make this anywhere near competitiveNeckbeard in his 20sTaking pictures of scoreboards where he has 'dominated' literal childrenThis is poignantly depressing
2Nah, "Cheap" is the Kracken.Its an invincible bubble with a movespeed buff, that ignores enemy ink slow, and comes topped with a one-hit kill
6Why so insecure anon ?Because deep in your heart you know that you are playing a childrens game on the level of candyland ?
1I'm 28 years old and I use my real name. But I'm just a nintendo man baby right?
8as a nickI bet you call mmo characters "toons" too you fucking faggot
Only manchildren try to gloat in a game thats intended for children. I respect cowaduty fags more
9KrackenAfter I realised i couldn't kill it things got better. They're pretty easy to run away from
MANCHILD
2chargerfagLast place200 points5 deaths, 0 killsaveragechargerplayer.jpg
876All those mad manchildren Seems like that post struck a nerve
3Yeah I agree. I don't know what big problem people have. They have barely any ink coverage and don't last very long. They're fairly easy to dodge as well.
6I'm really hoping Splat Zones makes charger weapons viable
YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW! YOU'RE A KID NOW!YOU'RE A KID NOW!
0elitist about nicknamescalls other people childrentell us your cool adult nickname if you dare
8Ah, you must be the douchebag who always shows up on my team to focus solely on kills, ensuring I never win a fuckin' match.
Muh lolis
2giving away your identity on 4chan of all placesWelp what did i expect from people that are retarded enough to still use their real names on the internet
5The fuck?Having someone skillfully denying the entire enemy team throughout the match so they can't ink past their third of the map is pretty much a guaranteed victory.It's not my fault you're a no skill faggot that can't use anything other than the Krak-Roller and Aernoskill, and blames their team instead of themselves for losing the match.
9Yes?
3big words, no ballsbok bok bok
6Having someone skillfully denying the entire enemy team throughout the match so they can't ink past their third of the map is pretty much a guaranteed victory.No, inking the most is what wins. You wasting time chasing someone down just so they can respawn in seconds and go back to inking is stupid. If you ink less than 750 a game before win bonus you're worthless
1inking the most is what winsYeah, and killing the enemy prevents them from inking, and therefore winning the game.Again, it's not my fault you think your 2 kills 4 deaths is acceptable because you ran behind your teammates actually applying themselves to the game and denying their enemy.
2lvl 14People in Lobby all above me1553p 8/1That was a good battle
7Dont sexualize the lolies
Is there a game that uses the Source engine better than this one?I didn't think so.
9E.Y.E.Also Vindictus. It's not a great game, but it looks pretty good for source.
I'm not a fan, but Titalfall utilizes the engine very well.
Mamma mia... Looks like we need to patch in some anime girls..
The saddest part comes when you remember that the creator/director of the game was really hyped to present it last year during E3
Who keeps posting this and why?
0The saddest part is that they could've put out an Advance Wars -- not even a good one, mind, you, it probably could've been even more phoned in than Dual Strike was -- and it would easily have moved four to five times as many units.
0Tfw Advance Wars with waifus would have sold tons since Japan wants waifu sims and Burgerlanders want Advance Wars
Why does /v/ dislike this game? It was a more story orientated take on Hitman for sure, but it was still fun as fuck to play and made me feel like a badass Hitman.It refined all the clunky controls that plagued the series and improved on areas where it needed improvement the most.
1But you see OP, I can't admit to liking the newest entry in a series, ever. Maybe when the new hitman comes out i'll admit to enjoying this game.
Because it fucked up as a Hitman game. Linear levels, way less liberty to explore, barely any of the levels are based around fucking assassinating anyone, which is the whole point of a Hitman.The shooting feels nice and the graphics are stunning but the game is a bad Hitman game, especially when you compare it to Blood Money, one of the best if not the best video games of all time.
1Because it fucked up as a Hitman game. Linear levels, way less liberty to explore, barely any of the levels are based around fucking assassinating anyone, which is the whole point of a Hitman.It tried a more refreshing approach. It had the more open levels off Blood money but it also attempted to improve on the series lackluster story elements for better or worse and succeeded.It was still a damn good game. People moan about rehashes and then people moan about refreshing takes on an aging formula.I agree Blood money is the best in the series, but Absolution is a worthy successor.
1Making levels more linear and taking off multiple ways to approaching them is not refreshing, it's lazy. The devs themselves admitted the linear level design was there merely due to hardware restrictions. Don't be dumb.Absolution is absolutely see what I did there not a worthy successor to Blood Money or Contracts for that matter, it's not worthy of licking the dirt off their shoes.
Also, I just noticed that there are only two Posting ID's in this thread so1and3Are samefags.Pathetic, OP
Someone post that Hitman Absolution "Stealth" video. It pretty much sums up why this game is shit.
1It was a more story orientated take on Hitman for sure,Yeah and that's the issue, because the story is shockingly bad. They sacrificed gameplay for story and in the end the story isn't even good.Honestly it barely feels like Hitman. Most missions it basically makes more sense and is most effective to just play it like Splinter Cell in a suit, rolling from cover to coverI think this short video sums it up well
1I couldn't even finish it. I am at the last part in the cemetery. I just can't do it. I am not interested enough. Someday I will. Blood money was super fun. This just felt like an unfun chore.
2Making levels more linear and taking off multiple ways to approaching them is not refreshing, it's lazy.But you had levels with numerous approaches. You had many levels with numerous approaches.You're hating on it for introducing more scripted/story orientated elements which it did to refresh the formula. Those segments are far fewer than the more open style levels. Taking on a more story focused style of gameplay is going to include some form of linearity at some point. The devs themselves admitted the linear level design was there merely due to hardware restrictions. Don't be dumb.Source needed.Absolution is absolutely see what I did there not a worthy successor to Blood Money or Contracts for that matter, it's not worthy of licking the dirt off their shoes.I disagree.yfw
5 They sacrificed gameplay for story and in the end the story isn't even good.The core gameplay is the best its ever been.It fixed, refined and improved on all the games weak points
2The scripted QTE scene?Here's Blood moneys endingany betterscriptedforced violence
1Is this a troll?They literally just went through the game and stripped out any example of player choice and agency they could find
6stripped out any example of player choiceFlat out lie.
6Replying to horribly obvious bait.Come on anon you can do better than that.
3Yep, this is why everyone hated Blood Money
0Yes, blood money sucked as well.
Thread theme:/watch?v=ZJ-wiUeWqeo
harry potter pocketspress x to kill everyone on the screen
QTE for close combat...?Like for real ?
1It's basically a different genre.It's a corridor stealth-action game, whereas 2/3/Blood Money were basically glorified adventure games with a stealth motif. You succeeded in those games by essentially solving puzzles with light timing elements.The difference is that the prior games had more flexibility with how you approached situations, whereas Absolution focuses on the intimacy and tension of sneaking around the older games don't have cover, and stealth is little more than having the correct costume to enter the corresponding areas.
5Yeah and that's the issue, because the story is shockingly bad.All the writing in all of these games is puerile garbage. Absolution just takes it to scatological extremes, and even outright surrealism, such as the Gun Shop mission.
1forced shootingno silent assassin no buy
5What? Absolution absolutely has Silent Assassin, and to get it you can't touch ANYONE but your targets. You can't even pacify them. And the game is indeed designed tightly enough so that you can sneak by everybody. There's no forced violence, and violence is never a good option anyway.This assumes that you're playing on Purist, which you should be unless you're a fucking casual. Always play on the hardest difficulty in Io Interactive games.Fuck what everyone else says, Absolution is by far the better corridor stealth game over Deus Ex: Human Revolution.
2That's bullshit, you just have to hide the bodies after
3Oh, nevermind, just checked. I remembered wrong.Regardless, there's no forced shooting.
I loved Blood Money, but I couldn't even finish Absolution. A few missions in and I was already bored. I won't say it was "bad," because I never finished it, but it definitely felt tedious.
Absolution levels are extremely linear and the game gives you very few options on how to assassinate your target or even on how to get to him, the vast majority of levels are basically corridors where you've to observe the movements of the guards until you can pass.The game doesn't even deserves to be called a sequel to Blood Money or Contracts, hell even Silent Assassin is much better than it.
2Most levels have at least two or three ways to get through them. Some are surprisingly open-ended. Not so much as Blood Money, but the focus is different. The focus is on cover stealth, not adventure-gamey access puzzles.
ITT: bad games with good soundtrackspic related
ITT: Genres you are glad are dead.I'll start: god games.

4What a gigantic faggot you are.To begin with why would you be happy about having less choices?If I'm not getting a Black & White clone with my VR HMD+ motion controls I'm gonna kill someone.
4I'll start: god games.EA killed itdaily reminder of what they did to spore
2holy shit what the fuckthe person who made that video is probably still "teaching" those poor children right now
2D beat em ups. They all played the same, such boring shit. Wish fighting games would suffer the same fate but I know their community is too autistic.
Trashy phone game skinnerbox cash grabs. oh wait
2Godfuckingdamn what a faggy dude
4But god games aren't dead, if anything, they're thriving.They're thriving on the mobile market where millions of people are more than happy to spend money to cheat in extra resources or complete things that would take time instantly.
RTS
5Maybe he is teaching them because they are poor?
Flight sims
very nice indeed
arcade games
20Sounds like someone is a scrub
Old school FPS, with their lack of compelling storytelling and overtly-complex level desing
4
Fighting gamesBecause sf4 killed them and everyone embraced it for some fucking reason
Any game that doesn't use the Unreal engine.
4Hating on Populous
handheld games
8What you can't play weeb fighters?
4I still have most of the spell incantations stuck in my head. I love that game
8I bought sf4 at launch buddyIt was a pile of shit and completely killed the franchise for me and several peopleNo one gives a shit about fightan anymore
8But they had way less players before SF4What are you talking about ?
3No im talking about other fighting games, like you can't just boot in ultimax?And fighting games are growing, unless you mean nobody you know cares about fighting games
3That you personally dont play them anymore doesnt mean the genre is deadIts more alive than it ever was
None, really. Only the good genres have died.
8Didn't most of the modern games that tried reviving that failed?, maybe the most succesful one was shadow warriorThe "closest" your getting now is serious sam 4 or whatever doom gets turnet into
5The New Order is somewhat close, but not really.
4Fucking peter molyneux you lying faggot fuck. You're not even CEO of your company anymore you worthless fucking cuck.
oh wait, they're the most popular pc games right now and there's no sign of them dying anytime soon...fuck moba games.
8Even worse, ASSFAGGOTS have all kinds of gameplay by now, be it third person action games or even shooters.
3Oh let me guess, you're one of those "3rd strike is the best game ever created" kind of people.
7Hey Mazian why do you play so much godus, if you hate it?
2Dragon's Crown was a ton of fun.
Arcade like "high score only" games with no end.A game that you cannot win isn't a game for me.
8Fighting games died when they went 3D in the 90's. Modern 2d fighters are shit.
2Outfuckingstanding Bringing the third world further down the rabbit hole
Previous Thread: 8OP image: 9Include full names and what series your characters are fromCompile multiple images into one or link to a gallery for additional referencesTry not to bump requestsNo shitpostingKeep it vidyaIf a post breaks the rules, DO report and hide it. DON'T respond to it.Have fun!Post your art to the booru for anons to find later in case they miss a delivery or if it is NSFW:to learn how to draw or improve your drawing skills? Visit the /ic/ sticky:/ic/1579290NSFW Deliveries should be posted in/i/440426Drawing Books:
Shygal a cute!
Requesting Red Ring Rico being grafted into Dark Falz, weakly asking the viewer to help her.Imgur for reference.
9*Shygals are cute!
Requesting something cute or sexy with Hinoka. Maybe with an off-screen or faceless guy running his hands through the back of her hair.
I request you open up paint and doodle something for your favorite drawfag...
2Woah buddy. I don't play favorites.
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing.A pole like this would work nicely.
0So, this a gay thread?
7Here it comes.
1You are the worst kind of person anon
I want to draw Geralt.Suggestions on pose?
4squatting
4Geraltanaconda pose
Requesting Draco Centauros crying over having won a beauty contest.
2I drew something for boneax but it's a bit bad.Not sure if I want to share.
6You'll encourage others to post theirsDo it, anon
Requesting lewd May, but draw her with her regular sized tits. They're cute budding breasts, not disgusting cow udders.
Taking giant lady requests
6Are you sure you'd prefer May and not Sapphire instead?
2Who's Doodle's waifu?
Reposting Edea Lee color delivery for OR
First time posting here.
0Why is the mac so shit at image editing I just wanted to crop.Anyway I hope this is alright.Just a doodle of an Inkling in his style
I'd like to see mewtwo trying really fucking hard to lift an original xbox, using psychic powers, please.
1I know nothing about the manga, but a quick search shows me she's flat. I just want something more like the official art. Like this for example: 
6Cute.
6The mac is shit at a lot of things, unfortunately.Still, that pic is nice.
2I'll never be good enough to draw MDF anything
6In the manga, she's feisty, instinct-driven, cute, and has small fangs.She is best girl.
7Gets 4 fingered rendition with shit feetGets Oldbag trollAquafag gets a bum rap.
4I like itwhat did you use to draw it?
Requesting Stitch in the world of Mario, maybe even wearing his hat.
7Artline 200 fine 0.4It's best that you start drawing after using the pen for a bit. The lines are too thick and bold straight out of the box.
Requesting Red left using her dragon to tie up Nepgear right with Red saying something like 'Now I have you all to myself!"
3Something quick before I head off to work.
Requesting a cute pic of Kaoru from the Rance series with a short bob haircut.
Requesting that someone draw the Hex Maniac from Pokemon
As soon as I'm in a real good mood, got awesome music, and I wanted to draw some stuff, for whatever reason Manga Studio just decides it doesn't work anymore, even after restarting my computer.I keep trying to open a new file to draw on, and every time it has some weird issue, or just won't respond and I have to close it.
8I thought if there's one thing people like to brag about mac, it's the image editing...
3My timing on posting was the worst, I found out that apparently YouTube playing music in the background was fucking shit up, I dunno why, maybe it's Firefox.Sorry for the double post, I'll go back to my hole now.
0best maniacyou're my niggamight draw later
Requesting Ryoubi and Ryouna licking each other’s bellybuttons in a 69 position in their swimsuits, Ryouna’s breasts pushing against Ryoubi’s DFC.
To the anon who wanted a disinterest blowjob from Phi 3I really wanted to do this request and I even tried drawing it but I can't get it to look like her.I can't really justify it, I'm sorry. Some other anon might pick it up.
0My life is a lie. I always thought she wore glasses.
8Doesn't mean you can't add 'em if you want to. It just means she don' have 'em
2tfw can't remember my own fav's drawfag's name because last i saw him was last year before i stopped browsing for a whileI wonder if he's still even around...pic related. it's one of his.
4OR here, it's fucking perfect! Thank you very much bro!
2Looks like BB to me
4Ah that's right! BB! Never requested anything from him myself, since I was a minor drawfag but I enjoyed his deliveries the most. Where is he now?
2Woolie can't be a wizard, he can't even read.
My request is someone drawing Hinako Shijou from KOF doing her Yorikiri move on any other girl from KOF, while the victim is blushing as if they interpreted the attack as a hug, and Hinako is puzzled why they were think that as it is a sumo move.To give it more context, Yorikiri is a move that has Hinako hug onto her opponent and then push them to the end of the screen. Since you never really see girls doing Sumo moves, the other girls might mistake this as a hug or the like, hence the joke.Included in the reference is Hinako, and the frames of the moves itself. if you need more reference, you can see the move in action at 0:11 here: 
to the guy who requested this/anyone who knows the refthe line art lacks the zig zag lines but ill try to do thati just need a ref for her back desperately
4Last time I asked, he said he doesn't have a waifu, sadly she hasn't found him yet.
9I want to see her nude just wearing a traditional sumo fundoshi
2I like BB too. What does BB like? From his deliveries I'd guess a big interest is boobs.
2Link me to the drawings and reference and I can try to find one
Requesting a drawing of what you think Wario would do with Princess Shokora if she did not have to pass on at the end of Wario Land 4.
2Extremely blurry.
Requesting Leblanc as a dragon.
9heres the drawing and
1heres the ref91dunno if youre the same guy but thanks in advance im off to bed
3I'd believe it.
4try to draw Geralthe becomes Big Bossfuck
3...and horsecock
52 heremy fav monster girl type is centaur
5I'll always treasure this delivery.
27I tried MDF, I can't draw May for the life of me. You're my favorite drawfag here.
I can't remember the last time I finished anything I startedI feel like I'm always practicing and practicing but never actually drawing anything
4Draw Geralt drinking vodka, kurwa!
4Repost the full please.
4That's awesome. Are you in the mood to draw D3 Diablo? Would look great in your style.
1Hei, you really need to get your shit together. Make yourself finish something, if that's what you want, cause the whole process of drawing is a practice, and progress, as you can never be "done" with it.Step up your game, senpai.9Anon no please, the crop is more than enough.
3Draw for MDFHe never careWill never be his steam friend
2tfw my favourite drawfag didn't update their tumblr since Decemberhe's probably dead;_; RIP...
MDF please draw my OC for once. I miss you.. and ryai.
2Man, that took way too long, but I hope this'll help. I couldn't find any official art or decent screenshots, unfortunately, so some youtube video was the best I could find.
Requesting Camilla comforting female Kamui from behind and running her hands down Kamui creamy exposed thighs.
Requesting M.Bison winning a race in Mario Kart, using his Crouching Heavy Kick.
tfw no idea what to request next
6no idea what to draw next
2all drawfags who've drawn her are my favoritesOrc for Borvs, Bayonetta for Pen, Selphie for Esc, Starman.exe for that anon, Heather for Boneax, Bird for Crabbu, Lulu for 34, Sina for Bupi and Rao for Prism.idk what Pomki, Daga, Binary and Khuili likes.but I'll try this one, It's the only thing I can do for them
Requesting an image of Rose and Ingrid together. Something like Rose and Ingrid tangled together in Rose's scarf or Ingrid putting the Bison hat on Rose's head. Anything would be fine, I just want the two of them together.
9You can draw my request when I figure out what to request, deal?
Requesting Cremia brewing up a special batch of milk for her own consumption by milking young Link's dick into a bottle.
Requesting a tan Sion or just Dust of Osiris, same thing, in her Under Night outfit.
, 
He'll never let go
4HHAYTER PLEASE
4JUST
Why does his hair look exactly like Kiefer's
6i don't get the joke
4Looked a bit like Kiefer there.
4Has he gone off the deep end?
0FUCK
2MY
4HE'S BREAKING UUUUP IIINSIIIIDE
4BACK IN THE 90'S I VOICED A VERY FAMOUS VIDYA CHARACTER, DON'T PRETEND THAT YOU DON'T KNOW
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUH
Can someone explain the joke to me?
0SHIT
Is he actually bitter about it or just poking fun?
2Hayter was replaced by Kiefer and he is super salty over it and wont let go.
4shaved his goatee and dyed his hair to look more like kiefersits in his home taking selfies with marker on his face pretending to do mocap for MGSVHayter has gone completely crazy over this.That said, can't wait for Kiefers Boss later this year. Enjoyed his monologues so far, "make diamonds from their asses," "I won't scatter your butthole to the heartless sea."Not Kiefer related but this game has it allA Ghost Without an Ass"I'm gonna make them give back our ass."
3MEME
3SNAKE
0WIFE
4Is MGS the most viraled game on /v/?
4Who?
Hayter... had a hard life
6splatattatattatataaat
4HE'S NUCLEARHE'S WILDHE'S BREAKING UP INSIDE
silly man, everybody should let it go.
4How long until someone shoops the jfmsu hair on it?
MGS is dead, he should calm down.
7god damn why was this show canned
4Would you? It was a sweet gig son.
A NOBODY GETS REPLACED BY AN ACTUAL SOMEBODYLIKE POETRY AHAHA
7Back in the 90s I was in a very famous vidya gameI'm David Hayter, David! David Hayterdon't act like my twitter's lameAnd I'm trying to hold on to my pastIt's been so long I don't think I'm gonna lastI guess I'm just trying to make you understandThat I'm more game than a manOr I'm more man than a game
0where can i play this game? yknow, not that i wanna or anything
4What the fuck is up with his eyes? They look weird.
Its so obvious he's gonna be in the game, and you guys are just eating up the controversy.
JUST
0NO
6FLOP

6holy shitthat's terrible I actually feel bad for David.
Hayter is being such a whiny bitch over not voicing Snake in MGSV. He needs to get over it and move on.
4Two possibilities here.1. It's a good ruse, and Hayter's role will be revealed in a similar way to how BB was revealed in 4. Credits roll, stop on his name, OH FUCK.2. It's not a ruse. In which case, jesus christ Hayter. What the fuck are you even doing.
6damn he got his shit fucked up
4Everything points to 1.
4Who is this old fella? Why does he look like solid s. Snake?What cant he let go?
6That has to be millions right?
4Nope.
4I genuinely thought this was Queefer from the thumbnail
6
6less than the price of a gently used ToyotaHoly christ.
4
6No.It's fucking hilarious.
4That's not fucking Hayter, surely.. Unless he's had work done to look like. Sutherland.
This sad sack's going to stream MGSV on release, isn't he?Alone at night, playing a freshly shoplifted copy, delivering the lines himself, until a couple of hours into it when he's imbibed a Sutherland amount of scotch, that he just starts berating Keif's in-game performance. Going on about how he would have won the award for Achievement In Character Performance as Snake, if it wasn't for the Academy sucking GabeN's cock and giving it to Eli-fucking-Vance. Then after he's sadly sung along to 'Here's To You' as the end credits roll, he'll start calling around leaving pitiful messages for Hideo and Keifer, then carelessly leaving the stream running as he books an Asian gigolo to peg him whilst instructing him on delivering the line 'A Hind D!?'.
4What makes you say that, outside of the fact that this is a weirdly deep grudge he's apparently holding?
3That's just insane.Was there literally 0 marketing budget? How else is this possible?
6The movie he directed cost Eighteen Million Dollars to make, yet it only made Thirty Four Thousand.Ok, he might be officially losing it.
5It Isn't?I don't get what's going on, has Hayter gone completely mad that he's trying to imitate Kiefer's likeness?I don't really know how any of these old fucks look like and that twitter picture isn't helping
0Because this is too manchildish for someone that known on the internet. Alsokojima2 phantoms2 snakesetc
6come on look how fucking bad this is why is this even a surprise
5It is.
6If this happened to me i'd honestly kill myself.How can he go on with that thing is part of his life?Haunting him like a bad scar.
2Its a shitty rip-off of Twilight, no one cared about it.Its also Canadian movie if that helps
5first second"I think i'm losing my mind."I guess the movie is secretly about hayter.
2It's a piece of shit that's why.25% on RT
Poor Jason Momoa. Dude has talent he just gets shit roles.The Red Road was great.
5/v/ wants this guy involved with MGSHe's always been shit at everything
hayters gonna hate
1The more I think about it, the more I think that this MAY be true.Think about it, this is a professional VA and if this was real, then his actions would cause others to think twice about hiring him.This isn't how a professional behaves, even if he is fired.
6Released a movie in Canada named "Wolves". He should have known it was going to fail. He should have named it Mounties IV or at least Moose.
5Main character looks like an American Matt Smith.
HAHAHA
5It looks like this could have seen moderate success if it were a tv series or was made in the 80's.A werewolf movie is risky business, even for big names. How could anybody see this as a good idea?
4then his actions would cause others to think twice about hiring him.Exactly. And i didn't even thought about this option. It's just stupid to do that if he wants to be taken serious.
3canada only?
6What the fuck did he expect of a romantic but gritty movie about werewolves. It was bound to cra.
5surprised it made 30k, director got cucked by manlet cock and went crazy
48ORHe's absolutely batty because his only bread and butter was taken from him by someone clearly more talented and his latest endeavor just serves to remind him of that fact
0Don't get me wrong, that's a possibility.I just didn't expect a meltdown of this level.
5You think Kojima watched it?
0his only bread and butterthat's wrong though, he mentions the VA was a hobby he loved to do
6How'd he even get that budget? Fucked his shit up
9He's said he won't play it because it makes him too sad.
5crash*
25 freshlol what?
0Kojima was forced by him to watch it in Gaijin language.
9he books an Asian gigolo to peg him whilst instructing him on delivering the line 'A Hind D!?'.
0his only bread and butterHe's a professional screen writer.
6He spent 18m and got 34m. What so bad about it?
5Thought they'd have stopped making this vampire/werewolf flicks by now.You think I'm scared of dying!?It's not the dying, it's what comes first!*tips*
0that's not in millions
56
0look again friend :^
9tomatoes15 in general5 were fresh10 were rottenWhat do you think it means?
9With the box office totals, I would believe it.
4he may be wondering how that shit movie even got 5 positive ratings
2FROM THE WRITER OF X-MEN AND WATCHMENHe's really clinging to the past, isn't he?It's not like he wrote them alone.
0By the way.he didn't lose a cent. That's how hollywood works.
9Needed more men
7conspiracy fag
6How many cinemas was this released at, then? Because if it's more than one, I don't even see how such a low number is actually possible.
0he didn't lose a centNo, but do you think anyone's gonna let him direct a movie again?
0David didn't lose shit though. It was produced by someone else.
6
5Why do shitty movies always try to fit so much shit into the trailer? I can hardly follow anything because they try to cram so many different scenes in all at once.
entitled voice actorswhy
7Read the synopsis on Wikipedia, that's pretty much the whole movie beyond Jason Momoa being Lucas Till's dad and the biker being the real bad guy.
It's funny because young kiefer sutherland looked exactly like a liquid hayter
6Supposedly it made $1,246,407 in DVD sales, so there's that.
7I don't know, Anon. Even if Kojima was secretly calling the shots, Konami has been doing a lot of really crazy shit lately. Killed PT, then magically allows it to become an Xbox One exclusive, while it contains content that Sony paid to have produced.
9Producer got CUCKED THE FUCK OUT
6its kojimas fetish
4implying he won't be in tpp
5Magically allows it to become an Xbox One exclusiveThat story was dubious at best from the start, and then Spencer confirmed that it's false.
5then magically allows it to become an Xbox One exclusive
7implying we want him in tppHis snake voice sucks now. Egoraptor could've stolen his gig.
4Wow, that's pathetic.
1Is that from people buying the DVDs, or stores buying them to sell?
4It's pretty pathetic to be honest. The first month or was funny but now he's just dragging it out.BY THE WAY I WAS SNAKEGUYSGUYS, I WAS SNAKEDO YOU KNOW WHO VOICED SNAKE? IT WAS MEI'M DAVID HAYTER, YOU'LL KNOW ME AS SNAKE THOUGHBTWI WAS SNAKE
6I feel bad for Hayter.
9Somebody should tell him it's just a game.
4This man is like Birdman, the other way around
4What did David ever do to him?
9That's why I have just the tiniest bit of doubt that these reactions are real.It's just so weird to drag this out like this.He's probably just having a meltdown though.
465people defend this cringy faggot
7He wrote the screenplay for X-men 2 which was a huge success.
2stop posting her, you make her look bad
Cucked by BBC
3Keep hayting you cringy cuck.
0I'M GETTING TRIGGERED HERE
I don't think this is an elaborate build up to him having a secret role in the game. I can't see them bringing back Hayter to voice Solid Snake in The Phantom Pains.Watch a trailer, and listen to the Kiefer voice. It's a toned down and worn out man's voice, well suited to the feel Kojima's trying to present. Introducing Hayter with his iconic gravely voice in any capacity will sound weird being so much rougher than Keifer's and out of place with Solid Snake being a clone of Big Boss.If solid snake does make an appearance in the end, I would be betting he has no spoken role and is just a glimpse of him infiltrating the base.But could just be my wishful thinking that Kojima and Hater aren't pulling a fast one on us. I want to believe his butthurt is real. Shit's too funny.
4LelThis is almost as bad as Ben "pullin my nine on the welfare line" Garrison's meme book
Well Kojima got fired. So they're even. Why does he still care?
2they're evenExcept for that they were never even? Kojima made games, Hayter was just an actor for hire who did one translated version of the game.
6Metal Gear Solid series has a deliberate, 80s style action theme with a convoluted plot that even Kojima admitted is all over the placeStill astronomically better than this shit and they were actually trying
I'm not even joking here, I thought from the thumbnail it was Kiefer Sutherland thread and then stopped and looked and realized it's a David Hayter threadWhat are the fucking odds
6Bit of both, I'm guessing.0wanting Kiefer "she shurfifed" Sutherland
8Why can't he just let it go since MGS is dead after 5?
2they're evenExcept as soon as that contract with Konami is up, Sony and possibly Microsoft are going to be on his dick immediately.The man will click his fingers and have a brand new studio opened and funded before the end of the year.
296530875His snake voice sucks nowEgoraptor could've stolen his gigget the fuck out gay cunt
6game to you JOB to him
why is everyone acting like hayter isn't in MGSV playing solid snake in the final chapter?
7betting your entire life on being a VA on one gameWasn't gonna last forever.
3Because Solid Snake is still a kid and the game is about BB.
6I live in one of the largest cities in Canada, Toronto, and this movie wasn't playing at a single theatre near me, and there are about 2 to 3 theatres give or take within walking distance. That's without taking the subway. The movie probably only played at festivals or some shit, either that or he chose to screen it at stupid as fuck locationsHayters shit is fucked up
3snake ages really quickly, didn't you play MGS4?
4This is getting scary now. Hayter is literally going mad.
4His hair almost has the "just fuck my shit up" vibe going on with it.
4Yeah?This is hollywood, not "Good ideas: the area"
9Yeah I'm sure Liquid just has his trademark sultry English voice when he's a 12 year old kid in the game.
9a 10 year old with the voice of a 25 year old man? pls
6It was released in 12 theaters for a week. It might have been able to hit budget if it had a national release.
4smoking'll do that
9Snake had normal aging until his 30s: he'd have known something was not right otherwise.Tho only one who could've been an adult in TPP was Solidus, maybe we will see him freaking the shit out from some baby Raiden
9Not as a kid though. The accelerated aging only hit after after the 30s.
9047410 year old SnakeHayter's voiceI'd lose my shit and love it at the same time.
5Well, it premiered in shit-tier countries and only had limited US and Canada releases. Only 3 european countries showed it and one of it has only a dvd premiere.think Hayter will still be able to live comfortably with small voice work like Winter Soldier in the new Avengers flash animation show and maybe he gets hired by someone like The Asylum so they can plaster "from the writer of X-Men and Watchmen" on their softcore porn parodies.
3Considering the blonde haired kid in the trailers is possibly Liquid Snake, and they show a masked guy fighting Big Boss on their ocean base using the same knife as the boy, it's possible this game takes place over the course of several years.Enough time for Solid Snake to grow up.
7That doesn't sound like it's Hayter's fault, sounds like he got screwed by his distributor.
3Game will be split in two parts, the first one is Big Boss gathering his shit up, after that we have time jump and we play as Ocelot while Big Boss is rusing Solid at Foxhound
4The only one who could have been an adult was SolidusSolidus would roughly look around the same age as Big Boss hereHe looks exactly like Big BossYou're fighting in Afghanistan Solidus fought in AfghanistanYou're playing "Big Boss"Or are you?
3That's some funny logic. The knives are different anyway.
 maybe we will see him freaking the shit out from some baby RaidenIt's possible, but Raiden became Small Boy Unit captain at age 10 during the First Liberian Civil war, which means he was born between 1983 and 1986. So he'd be at best 1 or 2 years old in TPP. Besides, Raiden says he held his first AK at age six, so it's unlikely Solidus had even met him when Raiden was like 2 years old.
0Wrong sided eyepatch
0I thought it was already confirmed the game takes place over the course of several years.
0Small Boy UnitWOW THAT SOUNDS CUUUTTEE!!
0Hayter has gone full nuclear
3Still a kid though.
8Solidus hadn't lost an eye at this point so he could wear an eyepatch on either side without a problem. The problem remains though, why would he wear one at all? So yeah, dumb.
3Maybe. The only concrete information we have about Big Boss between 1984 and 1990 is that he fought in the Mozambican Civil War at some point, so it's possible. But in 1990 he came to the US to command FOXHOUND, so he can't have seen Raiden for long if at all.
9Given all the plastic surgery scars, it's possible they sewed his eye shut without destroying his eye.I still think it's unlikely we're playing as Solidus though. What I DO think is likely is that Quiet is a female clone of Big Boss. V has come too V, the fifth clone Quiet can turn into vapor Vapor snake.
0When the game picks up, the Snake twins are about 12 years old. 6 years can go by pretty quickly in a videogame.
2Fucking same here m8He really is disguising himself as Kiefer if I fucking mix them up at first glance
2implying rotten tomatoes isn't shitusing rotten tomatoes
2Play as OcelotIf this or having Young Mantis as a recruitable companion occurs I will lose my mind.
I just want Hayter to stop already, he's killing himself slowly and he just needs to sleep for a while.If MGS stopped at 4, none of this would've happened.
1It'd make sense too. The US government might think that since Big Boss went super rogue, and The Boss is still the most succesful soldier ever, there might be some stock in a female soldier. It'd make sense as well since Kojima was saying that SJWs calling him sexist would feel shame once they played the game.
6never EVER bloodborne and YOU'RE A SQUID NOW would like to have a word with you.Althought MGS was the most shilled game before those 2 arrived.
Hayter disguises himself as Keifer on twitterKeifer is SnakeThere are two SnakesSnake disguises himself as SnakeHayter is playing a Snake that disguises himself as Big BossHayter is SnakeLITERALLYCONFIRMED
5He's also got a gig in that bloodstained game.
1Kojima has grown so much in love with Snake character he designed a rule 63 of himMGS going full Kingdom Hearts mode with the "everyone is Snake" thing, if it already wasn'tQuiet isn't really mute, she does not talk because she has Snake voice, Kiefer Sutherland is going to voice the only line she speaks aswellThis would be so much better than Quiet is Chico
4hayter doing work"OMG HAYTER IS SO STUCK IN THE PAST XD"You people are cancerous children.
0 I literally thought that was Kiefer in the pic until I read this thread a bit
62the cringy fuck calls others cringyforty kekstop keklaughing girlssensible chuckle
1implying he didn't do those signs with a pen on his own just to make the tweet
6So which of your favourite movies is classed as rotten, then?
18Also, Kojima has downplayed Quiet and said she's one of many buddies in the game, but Quiet's VA has done a fuckton of marketing for the game doing the behind the scenes stuff, and Quiet has been in almost ever trailer after her initial reveal, even being featured in a gameplay trailer.You'd think they'd show off a fan favorite like Ocelot or something, but instead there's been way too much focus on Quiet for her to be some throwaway support character.
3implying he didDrama obsessed retards.
4Come on, Dave... Fucking REALLY?
0i want more OCELOT
1What did he le do? :^
0Ocelot's not a buddy and doesn't have a cute model they can show off at events for easy marketing, sadly.
6how did it sell?did anyone care?do we have it leaked on the net?
4Is he an uncle?because he's really salty
2How so?
1doesn't have a cute model they can show offyes he does
4Post YFW Kojima did to Hayter exactly what The Boss tried to avoid: soldiers getting used and then forgotten and rejected
4what a fagat
6Troy's not his model and is always busy doing voice acting for 50 other games.
4he is super salty over it and wont let go.How so?
7www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVBxpVnsBr8
8this is what i hate about famous VAs they're always busy with other rolesthey're never "into" the role they just see it as a job
6I was asking how he was "salty".
6ShilledNeeding to shill the perfection that is MGSVSorry son but a good game is a good game, if anything it was people shitposting endlessly
0I don't blame them. If you get too into one role you could end up like 4
The only way of Hayter redeeming himself at this point is that it was a ruse all along and he's actually employed. Otherwise he's just really making a fool of himself at this point.What a shame, I really liked the guy.
4I went to the movies with my wife last weekend. As we were walking in, we saw a small crowd gathered around a guy by the front door. It was pretty dark, but we could hear the guy yelling “keptchawaitinghuh” again and again. As we got closer, I recognized that it was David Hayter. He was visibly drunk and appeared to have been crying recently. As we passed by he asked me what a Russian gunship was doing here. I think he was trying to insinuate that my wife was fat, but she’s like 5’8” 115.She asked if I was going to let him talk to her that way, but as I turned to say something, he just started to throw empty cans of Pabst at us. “Chaff grenades will jam their radar and cause infetterence” he said in an odd tone of voice – like he was imitating a cartoon superhero or something. I don’t even think infetterence is a real word. As we turned to walk away, I noticed he was quietly sobbing and saluting his reflection in the glass. I think he was muttering “Kojima”.
8moviefixed that for you
0Haha truly epic meme, good sir!
4For Kiefer, Snake is just another acting job.For Hayter, Snake is a passion.
Kojima has gone "George Lcuas" and has derailed a once-great series because his ego got too big.That's all there is to it. The MGS we knew is gone.
0saddest reply in the thread
0
0I wonder if Konami corporate meddling was involved with Keifer replacing Hayter...
0has derailed a once-great series because his ego got too big.
6not him but Constantine was classified as rotten for religious overtones

0
6Kiefer sounds better lul
6That voice clip is from MGS2.
5Then he should have done a better job. No one can honestly say he hasn't been going downhill since MGS2. He never should have voiced Big Boss in the first place. If he weren't such a whining, miserable cunt about it, I wouldn't have a problem with him voicing Solid, but the way he's acted makes me hope everything he touches from here on out is a flop. The dude needs therapy.0You know Kojima wanted out right? You know this brings the story full-circle right?I wouldn't be surprised if Kojima himself decided to part ways with Konami just so he'd be free to do other things.9It probably had something to do with the fact that they were able to get a better actor for what has been estimated to be ~1/8th the cost of Hayter.
6using a voice clip from a Snake that isn't even Big BossstopHayter actually smoked for a while toget his voice to age with Snake.Peace Walker Hayter was best Hayter for Big Boss
6SON, YOU HAVE A WAY TO FALL
0Kojima has been trying to quit MGS for so long. He flat out spit in his fans faces with MGS4 to try and end it forever. Pretty sure Kojima hates his fans at this point for holding him hostage to one game series forever.
people posting about how Hayter is super salty about no longer being able to play his defining characterTHEPHANTOMPAIN
0What do you mean? He's enduring all this bullshit from Konami, ONLY because he wants to make MGSV his best game ever. He doesn't have to work under these terrible conditions. He has all the rights to sue the shit out Konami and be done with it but he choses not to, because of TPP and his incredibly supportive fanbase. If the internal leaks are true, than Kojima deserves a huge fucking amount of respect as a person. A real human bean.
1tries to branch out an make Silent Hillshis fans welcome the change with open arms and walletsKonami shuts it downFUCK THIS WORLDFUCK KONAMI FUCK THOOSE FILTHY FUCKING JAPSREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
6what's so bad about this? he made almost twice his budget.
7 herenevermind, just noticed it.
7Might want to run your numbers one more time.
Hayter is having a MGS V: Phantom asspain
7The second number is not measured in millions, amigo.
Miyuki Sawashiro as CiriJAPANESE CIRI IS BEST CIRI
being so turboweeb that you inject a language you don't understand into Western titles
2voiced by worst doll
Did they really get her to voice Ciri? It only makes sense for the best voice actress to voice the best girl in the game.
2Retard who's bad at names here. Who has she voiced that I should know about besides Ciri?
1Milla MaxwellTsundere Milla
1Miyuki is a legendary VA. Stop being a faggotlord.
, 
What's that one game you wanted to come out that never did?
Skies of Arcadia 2
Diablo 3
Half life 3
Hl 3
Mass Effect 3.
4I see what you did there
Rune 2
Guild Wars 2
Fallout 3, the cancelled one
A third installment of portal/half life
luigi's pie factory
3It still hurts
Half life 3
Kings and CastlesOr SupCom 2, we're not going to fuck it up this time edition
Honestly? I'd always rather play some fresh novelty of a gem, then shop or mince about, for a continuation of an already established, quality work. I just need enough to get my whiskers wet, my flows busied, my energies flustered. I'll see to the rest.
Portal 3
5good riddance would have been shit, sold shit, and killed franchise
1East vs West
5Agreed. Van Buren looked meh.
54
6
7Not even b8, not every fucking Fallout game can be 'Hurr hurr muh west coast isometric rpg'. Agreed FO3 isn't as good as say FO2, but it's not that bad a game really.
Vectorman 3.
Mega Man Legends 3
Starcraft ghost
1Pirates of the caribean Armada of the damned. it looked fun
4935So what do you think of the actual games with those names?
8Isn't that obvious
8asking for opinionsthe fuck is wrong with you
Spore
Timesplitters 4Battlefront 3Both are too late though and should probably remain in the grave, otherwise they will be ruined by today's industry
41939I feel you brothersI feel you.Also, MGS4 or the ending to the Solid Snake saga.
PSN down AGAIN!Get your shit together Sony!
Down all over the world. Apparently it's maintenance but I doubt it. Even I, a Sonygger, can't defend this.
You guys enjoying your paid online right now?
paying to not have onlineI cant believe you fags do this
we did it guys we did the thing again heh dont mess with us...
5Go fucking work you fucking neetWho cares if its down, everyone is working or studying nowThe only wailing babies here is you because you got shit else to do
Every time it apparently goes down it's still up for meIs this a burgerland only thing?
wahhh PSN is down at 9AM on a Monday morningPeople should be at work or school right now.
SFV is going to be limited to this shit network
Risk of Rain thread. Anyone hosting?
I'm playing by myself.
8watAlso anybody has any idea how to play as HAN-D?
fukin bamp
Friendly reminder that you can ban people.
5Han D is easy, and my favourite. Standard playthrough and stack crowbars, after a decent length of time you will be able to perma hold down the homing missile button and then just win.
server when
bump
Vidya music that gets your adrenaline running while playingskip to 1:49
Almost everything in GX
, 
2015Buying things on steamI seriously hope you guys don't do this.Valve has shown several times now they ONLY care about getting your money and are only marginally better then EA at this point.Buy gameGame is literally broken and imposable to playAttempt to get customer serviceWait AT MINIMUM 7 days for a reply"LOL SRY YOUR FAULT NO REFUNDS!"Why do you people continue to idolize Gaben/Steam/Valve whey have clearly gone down the shitter like all the rest?
I'm just an emulatoretard at this point, though eventually I'll run out of those too.
Everyone else is in it for the fans.
Not to mention the whole PAID MODS fiasco. They only took till they can figure out a better way to word it so retards will be okay with it.
The real issue is the bloat of the client and service:Community profile pages like on fucking myspace but with paid customization, spammy trading card bullshit, lousy voice integration, streaming integration, DRM, cheat protection, achievement spam, upvote/like/subscribe faggotry, friend list capped by money spent, TV integration, a music player, family share, screenshot organizer and viewer, community media sharing, half hearted third party game support, item trading interface and social media tie-ins and suggestions.I just wanted a digital store with a game installer and updater, now I got bloatware.
If someone sends me a STEAM key, and I claim it, do I remain anonymous, or does he see who claimed it?
3Valve has shown several times now they ONLY care about getting your moneyIsn't that all any video game distributor cares about? Do you think Amazon cares about you as a person? Do you think Gamestop will call you the morning after? Fuck off OP, you faggot hypocrite. How fucking dare you question other peoples actions when you can provide no valid explanation for your own.
5I don't think so. I've gifted some Steam keys usually HB leftovers to random anons, and I'm not aware of a way to find out the Steam name of the person who got it.
6many thanks for feedback, anon.I have a bunch of keys I'm willing to trade for 7 days to die, and was just worried about anonimity.
8Amazon cares about making you a long-term customer and will give you a refund for a broken game.
3Because Steam saved pc gaming. It can't be perfect but it's damn nice. There are also NO ALTERNATIVE to Steam.
3Switched to GOG a couple of days ago.
3buying stuffs from a SJW site
there are memers who still worship Gabe
3still the lesser evil compared to nintendo xbone and sony
Valve has shown several times now they ONLY care about getting your money False. Valve has shown several times that they only care about retarded people's money who would buy broken early access games or mods.
0Anonymity is not what you should be concerned about; there are other issues when it comes to trading keys. People who accept a key can't see what they're taking until it's already been redeemed into their library hence people getting trolled into activating Bad Rats keys or other shit like that. It's not as secure as using the trade window on Steam, and there's a higher risk of scams.If you want to trade keys, make sure that both you and your trade partner have a good reputation as a trustworthy trader. Or maybe use a middleman system.
every multinational is trying to not-so-secretly set themselves up as a bank, holding loadsa cash and trading in intangiblescoming soon: steam bank account, steam branded credit card
7I doubt it since currently the maximum steam wallet you can have is $500 and trading in dota2, tf2 or csgo items costs you 15% per market transaction.
3who cares about hatred tho
I've never once had an issue like this with Steam, must be you :^
3defending SJWs
0if you don't shill some shit devs game you endorse SJWsKill yourself dude
Jotun.
This game would have been better if they just locked it at the stonage tech. Having ARs and Plasma cannons is just stupid.
6Atleast its trying somethin different. Im sick and tired of the same old same old.
6ARs and Plasma cannonsD R O P P E D RPPED
I'm mainly interested to see what the dinosaurs get modded into
0inb4 porn
6DINOSAIR GAEMYOU CAN'T PLAY AS THE DINOS
spent years in development because Nomura wanted it to be perfectscrapped all assets from the ps3 version and reworked the games for more capable hardwaremultiple demos released so that they can gather player feedback and suggestionsis there any doubt that this is going to be the greatest Final Fantasy yet?
I can't wait to walk in one direction the entire game!
gathering feedback so as to pander to the audience as much as possible instead of developing a coherent game from the creator's vision
2gathering feedbackAfter FF XIII-2 and the fucking worse LR, they better get some community feedback, and check back with the gamers.
9I'll preorder Visual Kei band simulator 2016
8That's Destiny, anon.
2they still choose what to change thoughlike how framerate is now their top priority after several complaints from the demobut Cidney retains her costume despite complaints of being "too sexy"
2Seein how they fucked up this series for 15 years straight they better listen damn well to some feedback.
9I've been looking forward to this for ten years, it fucking god damn well better be the best one ever.
Honestly there are all the elements for it to be the best FF yet, but we can only hope they don't fuck it up.
2 things are holding back this game : 1. The consols : FF XV has 500 k polygones and are maybe aiming for more , they want big part of the world to be destructible  even the grass  , the character are extremly detailled something like Uncharted 3.4 level .To many animations and all with great quality  bones numbers are between The Last Of Us and Uncharted 4  .Unless SE are magicians the consoles won't run FF XV to it's full potential , even at 900 p i think , they already gave up on the season system i am not talking about your classic weather system  .2. The Pegi ratting : the director said they might remove monsters and humain part breaking , it is like downgrading the gameplay since some monster are giant .And worst of all , Accordo may be downgraded  the town in the image  , i can't see a ps4 running this , making it explorable and destructible .
0Tabata already said they were considering doing a rating free DLC to up the rating so they could include more gory blood and breaking stuff, and in any case there is still blood in the game and he said there is still very brutal moments in the game.And the character models are 100,000 polygons each, since you have four characters on screen at all times that's 400,000 polygons rendered at all times, and a single scene itself they stated would be 5 million polygons including environment, which the demo already shows they can do, and they are releasing an FPS stability patch next week which has optimization on it, the demo is 25-30 FPS on PS4 which was running at 900p and was heavily unoptimized, they are optimizing it with the patch they are releasing this week which will stabilize FPS.There wasn't ever a "season" system in the game, they only ever stated it would have day/night and a weather system and it still has thoseThat image you posted is prerendered CGI FMV of Accordo, the in game Accordo looked like this on the 2013 engine it showed a perfectly large area, which we could see more of when Noctis opened up the minimap, and it was still using the PS3 assets on the DX11 engine hyrbid of Ebony and Luminous, they have since moved fully to Luminous and increased the model and environment quality as well as lighting by multiples.The Noctis model in pic related only has 20,000 polygons for his entire body hair and clothes because it's the PS3 model, in the XV demo Noctis's hair alone has 20,000 polygons while his entire body, hair and clothes all together is 100,000 polygons.
2Except they aren't changing the creators vision, the feedback they took into account was only for thing such as camera tweaks, lock-on, and FPS performance, not for actual game design, world design or creative design or character stuff.
0XV is open world.The XV demo alone is more open than the entirety of FF13 is, and you can even sequence break the demo.
7Yeah, blood and gore was reconfirmed in February 2015. According to Tabata, if you're telling a brutal story "gory and visceral expressions" are pretty much necessary. The Luminous dev on GFQs also answered "There will be blood." when asked about what scenes the game will have.
6It's not completely open world, though. Think RDR instead of something like Skyrim.
Why is the polygone count so high ? FF XV NPC s have more polygones than Geralt in TW3 .If they are able to render so many polygones they should sharpen them to increase the efficiency , just like MSV  really low polygones count but well used  , FF XV has more than 30 time MSV polygones but we don't see the difference that much .
0they want big part of the world to be destructible  even the grass  ,That's PR talk. Even OoT was supposed to have permanent footprints and destructible everything. Developers love talking out their asses to get people riled up
0Yeah it's RDR style open world which is still open world even with a set narrative, so while there is a set story to progress you can still go off the beaten path and do sidequests, travel around and backtrack to earlier places, and optional dungeons and whatnot.Like in the demo the main quest is structured so that you do the Behemoth quest, which has you track it's trailings in the woods, enter the mistwood, confront Deadeye, get wrecked and run away, then go to the Chocobo post to talk to the stablemaster, then he says don't go to the cave which opens up next point of interest being the cave, you go to the cave and you get Ramuh, then you go back and fight Deadeye, this time summon Ramuh, then you get the horn, go and sell it for the gil then talk to CidneyThat was the basic structure, but you don't have to do any of that, you can instead just go around and fight random monsters, sell their drops for gil, then when you have 25,000 gil talk to Cidney.Or you can go straight to the Goblin cave and get Ramuh without doing the trailing quest, and summon Ramuh when you first encounter Deadeye.Or you could actually beat Deadeye on the first try if you were strong enough.There is a lot of ways you could proceed to fulfill the main quest which was get the 25,000 to repair the car, the demo was showing how the main quests in the game will be structured and it shows us that they are very open with how you proceed them.
0Because they are using the same model for cutscenes as they are for in game, they are one and the same so that in game cutscenes and gameplay transition seamlessly between each other, their goal for this game is to get as seamless as possible, that is just one of the ways they are doing that.
0FFXV has a ton of small details both in animation and in modeling that are pretty much invisible unless you pay close attention. The characters change expression in fights, exchange grins when a coop work out, Noctis' eyes lit up when he's summoning, there's a ton of stitching and detail on the fabric etc.
No they have already show destructible enviroment enven interiors in both E3 traillers : , .You can break walll , cars , chairs or even move them . Recently they also have shown the meteo can break the item , in the video for instance the thunder burns the grass :.This is where the Luminous Engine devs and FF VII Advent Chidren makers  talk about the destructible environement :said it 6 months ago , so hopefully it is still avaible .You can call it PR bullshit but they have shown it and the Luminous Engine devs aren't what you can call PRs .
9spent years in development of LIGHTNING game instead FF13 versusscrapped all assets from the ps3 version when the ps4 announced because they doesnt even start yetmultiple demos released to give illussion they working the game for long time,  fixed
Lol on Neogaf i have seen someone posting how we can see Noctis arm hairs , same for the hand they are humain like .Why is SE priorizing that kind of useless stuff ? wtf . I am sure you could get 10-15 fps by removing those stuffs . Same for the monster , they do have hair physics on the ps4 , they should do like TW3 and remove them .5 fps won once again , no problem SE you are welcome .
5They actually didn't scrap the animation mocap from the PS3 version as the current version still uses the same animations the PS3 version did, for his basic stance, running, jumping, lots of different sword swings and aerial swings, recoil, etc
9They should put less effort into the gameNo, and the demo is already 25-30 FPS even with being heavily unoptimized and on an unfinished 60% build, they are releasing an FPS increase optimization patch this week to increase demo FPS, the only time I saw actual noticeable drops was in the cave when 20 goblins came and raped me All they need to do is optimize the game to stabilize FPS and that is what they are doing, Tabata already said just a few weeks ago that they are prioritizing FPS stabilization right now.
9NeoGAFFuck off. Also you type like a fucking mongoloid, learn the fucking English language before you attempt to speak
9There's no doubt at all, and we've played the Demo running on an old engine with bugs that are already corrected on the release game.It's a GOTY, there's no doubt about it.
9Subtle bait for shitposting thread?Cool.
By the time the game releases, the DX12 demo they showed will be a real thing for PC release and it will be glorious.
6heavily unoptimizedBuzzword
9Yes, a lot actually.The fact that they've ultimately dropped what was the stamp gameplay of the FF serie for decades is unsettling, that they'd decide to actually copy the tales and star ocean format, its storic rival when it comes to jrpgs, is a shameful disgrace to the entire franchise.Also the fact that they think it's allright to make an action game with shitty framerate says length about their actual expertise in the genre, the lack of any details about the plot is not a good thing as it means they are either still fucking writing it, or it's so bad they want to keep it under cover.The graphics are disgusting blurry shit with bland landscapes and some of the worst post-processing I've ever seen, and are an offense to any artistic value FF had, a boyband on a highway to hell, that is so not final fantasy it's incredible more people aren't losing their shit over it, even 13 still had more artistic integrity than this.
0I can't wait to walk in one direction the entire game!One Direction are the protagonists.
1It's not a buzzword, it's a fact, they outright said the demo is from an unfinished 60% build and they also said they are prioritizing FPS now meaning that the demo was not optimized, and anyone can see that the demo was unoptimized.Right now they are doing FPS stabilization and optimization, which is why they are releasing a patch this week that will increase FPS stability as well as add in things that they were originally planning to put in but couldn't fit it in time for the March release of the demo.
that one guy getting super defensiveYou're probably putting people off the game bud, just saying
5lmao you autistic jap faggot if you're going to shill your jrpg shovelware garbage with features that might have been impressive in 1999 you might want to get someone that speaks basic fucking english so it's not obvious that you're a gook viraI marketer
9Don't know if it gonna be perfect doubt it, but I haven't been hype for a Final Fantasy since PSOne era.The open-worl seems cool, environment-design is nice can't deal with the chara-design though, combat mechanic could grant a lot of fun, imo the team is doing the right thing.
1Wasn't XIII-2 made with feedback from XIII?
1This
6The fact that they've ultimately dropped what was the stamp gameplay of the FF serie for decades is unsettling,There has never been a single FF gameplay style, four FFs are turn based, seven are ATB based which are time based, 1 is ADB real time which is a mix of ATB and real time movement, 2 are MMO RTB and XV is AXB which is a mix of ADB and Action RPG. that they'd decide to actually copy the tales and star ocean format,No they haven't, at all.The fuck are you even talking about? XV plays nothing at all like any Tales of or Star Ocean game.XV is an open world Action RPG mixing the gambit system from FF12 with real time Action RPG combat similar to KH and Type-0.It's an ambitious as fuck Action RPG with them prioritizing FPS stabilization, only the demo has FPS issues and the demo is an UNFINISHED AND UNOPTIMIZED 60% BUILD, what the fuck don't you get?either still fucking writing itWhat the actual fuck? How new are you? We've known the plot premise for literally fucking years, we've known about characters for years, we know it's a story about a prince being exiled from his kingdom during an invasion and his crystal getting stolen, with him going on a quest for revenge and getting his crystal back during his exile, and within that being a mix of medieval fantasy, renaissance fantasy, magitek scifi and modern urban fantasy world setting, and they've already confirmed multiple times they already finished writing the game years ago and that the games story is intact from what it always was.The graphics are the best an FF has ever looked, with landscapes that aren't "boring" at all and with better PP effects than other FF.XV has more intergrity than FF13 does, XV has the same art director as FF7,8,10,Type-0 did who did backgrounds for Chrono Trigger and FF6 too, there is more artistic value in XV than all recent FFs have and it's one of the truest to the old school FF idealogy you can get while still evolving the series to new heights.
8let me show you in this shitty gif
5I don't want to break "walll," but I do want to break your virginity so that you'd stop shilling this fucking game.
71/5 of Noctis polygons are used for his hairBased Nippon
1shovelwareMainline FFGet the fuck out retard, you have no idea what shovelware even is if you think this is shovelware.
Can you at least put the games title in the op so I can filter it you faggot
6graphics are nice. character designs and combat seem absolutely shit tier
1optimimazion is a buzzwordwell meme'd
3that this guy is the king of autists.
3Nope, the character designs are grounded and restrained which is something FF should have done years ago and the combat is some of the best the franchise has ever had even with lots of features locked out.
6Says you, reverseXVkun.
3You should try playing the demo instead of judging the combat from videos anon
2sick meme arrows dudejap grinding meme game that comes out yearly for the past 20 fucking yearsdefinition of shovelware
3There has never been a single FF gameplay style, four FFs are turn based, seven are ATB based which are time based, 1 is ADB real time which is a mix of ATB and real time movement, 2 are MMO RTB and XV is AXB which is a mix of ADB and Action RPG.Oh give a me a break with all the buzzwords, at its core FF has ALWAYS been a turn based game system, sometimes pure, sometimes gimmicky but always followed that concept, 15 is a pure action game.And who gives a shit about the mmos, you could as well bring in the spinoffs at this point.No they haven't, at all.Oh nooo it's a totally original action gameplay with multiple party member, chaining attacks on the enemies, using skills and special attacks to damage them.They even have a fucking cooking system, but no, nothing like tales or so at all.XV is an open world Action RPG mixing the gambit system from FF12 with real time Action RPG combat similar to KH and Type-0.It's an ambitious as fuck Action RPG with them prioritizing FPS stabilization, only the demo has FPS issues and the demo is an UNFINISHED AND UNOPTIMIZED 60% BUILD, what the fuck don't you get?It's like I'm reading some PR announcement, and spare me the IT'S JUST A BETA/UNOPTIMIZED bullshit.The graphics are the best an FF has ever looked, with landscapes that aren't "boring" at all and with better PP effects than other FF.Fuck you, from the bottom of my heart you blind drone, I'm done arguing with you dipshits.Oh my god the best, seriously burn in hell.
2I've never played an FF game in my life please rape my face
2It's a buzzword when its used to deflect any and all criticism. Akin to Ubishaft apologists saying "they'll patch it!"
2stop trying to fit in, nobody cares anon
6Wait I've been posting in this thread with that guy? He seems a lot more grounded now, at least so far
5it's a buzzword when it gets in the way of the shit I'm sayingThat's not how it works anon
2implying that based reverseXVsama isn't an organizationI don't even care about the game. I just like to enjoy a good round of "kick the autist." It might be the same for all the other reverseXVsamas.
2Oh give a me a break with all the buzzwordsMaybe you should stop spewing shitpostsat its core FF has ALWAYS been a turn based game systemNope, at it's core FF has mostly been a TIME BASED series, ATB is time based, ADB is time based, MMORTB is time based and AXB is time based, only four FF games are truly turn based and that is FF1, 2, 3 and 10.15 is a pure action game.Nope, it's an Action RPG mixing ADB from FF12 and Action RPG combat known as AXB, it has the same amount of RPG elements as FF6 or FF7 has in it.And who gives a shit about the mmosMMOs are mainline, just like FF12 is mainline and is real time, just like FF4-9 are mainline and are ATB based thus TIME BASED, not turn based, everything in an ATB system functions on the basis of TIME progressing, you can be attacked just by standing idle because time is progressing, ATB is time based, not turn based.Oh nooo it's a totally original action gameplay with multiple party member, chaining attacks on the enemies, using skills and special attacks to damage them.Next you are going to tell me FF1 has the same gameplay as DQ1 and Pokemon Red because those three are turn based games, are you stupid or something?XV plays nothing at all like a Star Ocean game or a Tales of game.They even have a fucking cooking system, but no, nothing like tales or so at all.No, it has a buff system where you buy ingredients to cast buffs at camp spots that stay intact during the day.It's like I'm reading some PR announcement, and spare me the IT'S JUST A BETA/UNOPTIMIZED bullshit.Wow it's like you are being autistic on purpose by ignoring facts just so you can shitpost.Fuck you, from the bottom of my heart you blind drone, I'm done arguing with you dipshits.Fuck yourself you blind cunt, you are the worst kind of drone alive since you actually have no clue about anything regarding FF, regarindg XV or regarding action RPGs or RPGs in general at all.Just kill yourself already you vapid cunt.
9You should kick yourselves then, you're true name is shitposters though
2See 4So much for "grounded." This guy is VERY defensive about a game that may or may not be good.
6Countering posts and by quoting specific parts aren't allowed!Just let people shitpost about the game stop defending it!Why the fuck are you being an apologist to shitposting retards?
6Well...proven wrong I guess. He really puts me off coming in to these threads, theres no speculation or banter allowed when hes online
6shitposter writes shitanon points out his shitposting"he's VERY defensive", you can't do that on /v/You're the cancer that killed /v/
5comma spliceusing you're incorrectlyYou should finish those ASL classes, Anon. If you're a burger or britbong, then you should kick yourself back to grammar school.
9spent years in development because Nomura wanted it to be perfectThat's not at all what fucking happened, this romanticized version of history is a comical farce. It spent years in development because Nomura was more interested in pushing his waifu Lightning and advancing the XIII series and XIII-Versus took a backseat for female Jesus.
1NO STOP SHITPOSTING ABOUT MY FAVOURITE UNRELEASED GAMEMOOOOODS
2You're the cancer that's killed my hype for FFXVAlthough might pirate when its released on PC
6it's time to leave this thread, can't discuss with all these shitposters9PC NEVER EVER 
1Nomura wasnt lightning, nomura was the guy that has single handedly run KH in to the ground
1The fuck? Toriyama is who pushed Lightning, not Nomura, Nomura had nothing to do with FF13 beyond character design, Toriyama is the director of FF13 series and wrote Lightning, he was the one who pushed her for an entire genNomura was constantly pulled from working on Versus which was put on hold from 2006 to 2010, where he was put to work on p to 10 or so games, he only finally managed to get a skeleteon crew in 2010 to create an alpha build before it was put on hold again because of FF14 tanking, and then it only went into full development starting mid 2012 and has only been in full development since then
5Why don't you just leave the board althogether, I'm sure whatever subreddit this shit has will welcome you in open arms.Or maybe you could head over to /m/, it might be the right time to promote boybands again.
9Good luck with that. This game will probably be 50 gb without any audio if the minor shit, such as Noctis' hair, has over 10,000 polygons.
5Every other major SE release is now on PC, and as its been developed for Xbone, its going to be an easy port and easy money.It WILL come on pc, and it WILL be the definite version
0The demo was 5.3gb
7I actually go to /m/, I don't know what mechas have to do with boybands though1maybe it will, hope you can wait 10 years for it :^
0Fuck meant /mu/, time to leave my spaghetti behind and flee the thread, I'll shitpost the next one.
0I'd rather not play it all than play a slideshow buddy
I'm not so sure about the playing as homo fagboys part. There was a time when you can have a fun and balanced party in your ff but not this time it seems.
9is there any doubt that this is going to be the greatest Final Fantasy yet?No world map.Nothing particularly interesting about the world, increasingly low-effort sci fi. Same garbage character designer since the series started sucking.Action-based combat system.You know, all the things that didn't make Final Fantasy good in the first place.
can't switch between charactersdropped
5Nothing particularly interesting about the worldhow can you say that when we saw nothing but a bit of Duscae and 3 cities?
9Except there can be since they are a balanced partyNoctis the weapon summoner, focuses on high speed combat and weapon variety, aerial combat, warping, offensive magic, switching weapons and can summon monstersGladio the tanker and monk, highest HP and defense and heavy hitter with large weapons and monk bare fistIgnis the mage, uses support magic and offensive magic, stays close to Noctis to protect him and uses debuffs and buffsPrompto the gunner, ranged fighter who uses guns from distance, can stun enemies with bulletbind and other abilitiesPlus more characters like Cor who is samurai based style using Katana and will have typical samurai FF commandsAnd they also teased temporary female party members which could be most likely Stella who is a rune fencer
8how can you say thatThe last 5+ entries in the series combined with everything they've shown so far.Square Enix doesn't have the talent left anymore.
5No world map.There is a world map already confirmed.Nothing particularly interesting about the world, increasingly low-effort sci fi. The world is medieval fantasy, renaissance fantasy, magitek scifi and modern urban fantasy, it's a mix of all of those into one world.Same garbage character designer since the series started sucking.You mean actual good character designs and grounded designs for once instead of needlessly overdesigned clusterfuck designs.See6Action-based combat system.Action RPG in an open world, which is specifically a mix of ADB from FF12 and Action RPG, it's the natural evolution of what FF has always bene moving towards ever since introduction the ATB system, and it offers more freedom than any other FF has ever tried.You know, all the things that didn't make Final Fantasy good in the first place.Yes, it has a world map, story about the elemental crystals, medieval kingdoms and kings like in FF1-5 mixed with modern city like in FF7 and 8, emperors and kings fighting and warring over the crystal, classic FF monster and summon designs by Amano and Nomura, dragoons, magitek mechs, airships, chocobos, towns, villages and kingdoms you can visit from the world map by traveling around etc.9The last FF games have nothing to do with anything in this game, you are retarded and XV looks fantastic.
9Xbonewhy, just fucking why
8Cheap port and free money.
Going to be absolute shit like everything else related to the series past 9. Sakaguchi was Final Fantasy.
5past 9confirmed IX-fag, just leave
5Going to be absolute shit like everything else related to the series past 9.Except FF12 was good and Sakaguchi already said he's genuinely looking forward to FFXV and feels a good sense of adventure from it.
5past 9I think you mean past VI
5past VIyou mean past II
1being this mad
1the fucking worse LRhating on the best FF game
5But Sakaguchi likes what he sees of XV.Sakaguchi told us he's genuinely "looking forward to XV," adding, "...I look at what I've seen so far of XV --of them riding through the streets in a convertible, and it actually triggers a feeling...like I'm going on some sort of adventure."
8That's a broken spine if I ever seen one.
2western game development in a nutshellIsn't it a good thing?
5last game he directed was Vmost work was done by Kitasem-muh Sakaguchi Nostalgiafag pls.
9is there any doubt that this is going to be the greatest Final Fantasy yet?The gameplay shows how awful the game will be.
8The gameplay was great and shows great promise tho.
9spent years in developmentWell technically it hasn't been in proper development until 2012.
7Wanting an action FF as a main series entryNo. As bad as the battle system for XIII was, I'd take that over Skyrim Fantasy
I love how it's just 4 bros riding around in a car and fucking shit up. Hopefully its about the companionship you can only get will your fellow man, and not have any females ruining the plot and ruining the bro out.
5No world map.u wot m8
3It's an Action RPG and is the best thing to ever happen to mainline FF because it not only offers more freedom in combat but more things to do than any FF ever let you do in combat, and being fully real time is where FF has always moved towards ever since introducing the ATB system making FF time based, then ADB in FF12 putting real time movement mixed with ATB, and now AXB in XV which is a mix of ADB and fully free Action RPG combat in an open world.And it's nothing at all like Skyrim, it's Red Dead Redemption styled open world.What you are saying is you want more restriction and linearity over freedom and openness, you are against improvement.
3Well, I guess you should go back to XIII then fag.
1the fucking worse LR,lel that game has far better combat that rubbish 15 has displayedb-but it's just a demo
0lel that game has far better combat that rubbish 15 has displayedNo it doesn't, XVs combat is better than all FF13 games put together even with just being a demo.
3wahh muh turnbasedhaha
I've seen the character designs and the fact that they're pandering to SJWs.It's going to be shit. Final Fantasy will never be good again. Not in this day and age. Back in the day, all they cared about was making a good, fun game. That stopped after X.Now you gotta redesign characters because they're 'too sexy' and have your cast all look like japanese boy band faggots.No matter how pretty the game will look, it will be absolute trash. Don't even pretend you don't already know this.
mid 20sonly just got my P license GOD PLEASE LET THERE BE DRIVING IN THE DEMO UPDATE
4Top kek FF15-kun. Square Enix couldn't make combat as good as Tri-Ace if their lives depended on it. They are an incompetent company that pays losers like you to viral for them. That's what you do when your product is no good.
7And Nomura only did the few main characters in FFXIII and only as specified by Toriyama.
9they're pandering to SJWs.What? This game is anti SJW as fuck, a party consisting of males, and with one of the females shown off triggering every SJW everIt's going to be shit. Nope and the demo proves it will be good. Back in the day, all they cared about was making a good, fun game.XVs demo is more fun than XNow you gotta redesign characters because they're 'too sexy' and have your cast all look like japanese boy band faggots.They aren't redesigning anything or changing anything, they already stated they arent' changing the characters, it's staying just as it is.And please show me the "Japanese boy band" that have people looking like this. it will be absolute trash. Nope, it's going to be great, the demo already shows great promise and plays better than most FFs already, it's not anyones fault but your own that you are stuck in the past with shit taste and don't know anything about the game.
Anyone else replaying 8 in preparation?
8Decided back when everybody expected Xbone to be 360 2.0. Betting on PS4 alone was too risky.
9they're pandering to SJWsWAAHHH CIDNEY IS TOO SEXYyeah whatever we're not changing her appearance
4Square Enix couldn't make combat as good as Tri-Ace if their lives depended on it.TriAce didn't development LR, SE did the battle system design work, TriAce only did texture and grunt work for LR.TriAce however did develop FF13-2They are an incompetent company that pays losers like you to viral for them. Fuck off cunt, I couldn't give less of a shit if this game sold or not, but you are plain fucking wrong about LR somehow being better than XV when XVs demo already plays better than LR does.And if I was an "SE shill" then why the fuck would I be saying an SE game like LR is shit? Get fucked you retard, you are just as much as shill as anyone else in this thread.
WHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATEWHERE'S EPISODE DUSCAE 2.0 UPDATE
4mid 20sFor a second there I thought we were talking about Final Fantasy sequels.
9Hey technically if you include all FF entries, they're in their 30s.
8They said around the first week of Juneis an ATR on the 4th of June, they will probably put the 2.0 update up after the ATR is finished.
8this reminds me of sleeping over with my friends when we had lan parties in highschool and sometimes we'd camp in the backywardgood fuckin times
7A party consisting of malesOne of the females triggering SJWsThey've already said they're changing Cidney. Stop being a tool and embarassing yourself. And the party being full of males IS part of the problem. That has literally never happened in an FF game.Demo proves itDemo proves jack shit. You don't do anything in it and the combat is a casualized form of XIII's, which was already super casualized. I don't know why they don't just make a movie, that's how streamlined it is.Demo is more fun than XDemo design means nothing. X had a shit demo. And if you're saying XV's demo is better than the entire X game, then you're completely out of your mind and I won't even bother replying anymore.They aren't changing anything.They've said multiple times they're changing Cidney, who wasn't even that sexy to begin with, especially when you compare her with earlier female characters from the series.It will be be great. It plays great.Anon, just go watch a movie. You'll literally get the same experience. If I'm stuck in the past, you're literally 12 years old.
Witcher 3MGSVFFXVYes. Yes. Yes.
1They've already said they're changing Cidney.Source?
9a quest of white men fighting to preserve their exclusive privilege against the demands of the lower classespandering to SJWsRight. If anything I expect Polygon and co. to run a dozen of clickbaity articles on why FFXV is "problematic" and how Japan "just doesn't get it" right at the release.
1Why you're so angry and negative? It's just some anonymous guy opinion. Chillout.
1They're not changing Cidney, and there will be female guests. Did you fucking have a cry when X-2 came out with an all female cast?
1They've already said they're changing CidneyNo they already said they aren't changing Cidney and that she's already fine for the living room. And the party being full of males IS part of the problem. That has literally never happened in an FF game.Except the fact that the main party is all male means it's AGAINST what a SJW would want meaning it's anti SJW, and FF1 and FF3 both had male only partys, and no white mage is not a female, and FF3 on NES had four orphan boys, it wasn't until the DS remake that they changed one of the boys into a girl.Demo proves jack shit. Demo proves everything, you are wrong.ou don't do anything in it and the combat is a casualized form of XIII'sThe combat is more involving than any other FF game, there is objectively more depth to XVs combat in the demo alone than FF13, you obviously havn't even touched it so what the fuck do you know.They've said multiple times they're changing CidneyNo, they literlaly said they aren't changing her current concept and that they already feel she's fine for the living room infront of your parents. You'll literally get the same experience. If I'm stuck in the past, you're literally 12 years old.Abloobloobloo, that's all you sound like, you havn't even played the demo, you are just a shitposting cunt.
1They've already said they're changing Cidney.Except in the ATR Tabata flat out said they're not going to change her because the claims were silly.
6Because the dude I'm replying to is acting as if this game is going to be SO much better than the ones in the past, which were designed with actual gamers in mind and didn't have to fucking change the game when a couple of irrelevant idiots who won't even play the game think a ficticious character is showing too much skin.
1That has literally never happened in an FF game.Literally happened in FFI, and let's not forget the various FF spin-offs. Enjoy the return to tradition.
1This is some weak-ass bait.
0His ass, they already said they aren't changing her and that he already thinks she's fine for the living room.8Because the dude I'm replying to is acting as if this game is going to be SO much better than the ones in the past,Except the demo already proves it's better than recent FFs and shows great promise to be among the greatest FFs. which were designed with actual gamers in mind and didn't have to fucking change the game when a couple of irrelevant idiots who won't even play the game think a ficticious character is showing too much skin.Except they AREN'T FUCKING CHANGING HER YOU FUCKWhy are you so retarded? They literally said they aren't changing her and that she's already fine for the living room.
6 I don't think we want to change the current concept"I don't think we want to" and "We're not going to" are two very different things anon.
Judging from the demo, it's gonna be a great game to explore.demo doesn't prove anything!Reminds me of a quote from CD project RED about witcher 3 downgrades:"it's not fair to compare a game to it's trailers and gameplay demos"What's the point of demos nowadays?Tricking people into buying a shitty game?
Japan is right wing. Final Fantasy XV is right wing. I'm lovin' it.
5They're not changing her. They've already finished the parts of the game she's in. They're not going to go back and fuck around now.
2I'm with this guy. I think cool games are shit and I'm a big dick sucker. I really can't wait to suck the next cock that I come across.
9Wait, FF XV will be on the Bone too? Well, fuck it. I'm not going to buy it. I thought it was clear it should have been a Playstation exclusive.
5what is Japanese phrasingNormal Japanese speech is chock-full of softening phrases like "I think", "I'd say", "it seems" etc. because bluntly stating shit is seen as rude.
8right wingyour a faggot
5"I don't think we want to" and "We're not going to" are two very different things anon.He reiterated multiple times that he already thinks she's fine for the living room, he laughed off the notion that she was "too sexy", and he outright said they don't want to change the current concept, holy fuck you are getting desperate, she's not being changedAnd literally a week after he said that they showed off Cidney again at a PC event with the same design she still hasThey aren't fucking changing her.
5dsi nigga
3Always knew there was a reason I was getting good vibes from this one.
8It's going to be on PC too.
4Three years later maybe. In 2013 the PC port wasn't even being considered.
4Who said?
80"Square Enix is developing Final Fantasy XV on DirectX 11, which is not based on either the PlayStation 4 or the Xbox One, letting the team develop full-spec without worrying about individual platforms, then port it to each console in the most appropriate way. The original Final Fantasy XV runs on a high-spec PC, and how close a console gets to the original depends on its specs."
Someone will make a Ferris Bueller's Day Off parody within the first few weeks of release.guarantee it
9Maybe if they were more emo then yeah, underated post.
2So it's just being made on PC. Okay.
6SJWs btfo'd, keep on truckin' nips. I actually have a solid amount of hype for this game, I don't know what to do with myself
2Square Enix is developing Final Fantasy XV on DirectX 11DirectX 12 is soon to be releasedAre they legit stupid?
7Agnis will be a game, and will be Direct X 12, as the showcase expressed.
7
0Will the game actually look as good as that screenshot?
1cutscene maybe
1That's a prerendered CGI FMV, not FF in game has ever looked in game as good as their CGI FMVs.
799SE didn't show off more of Witch at de:code
8They talked about it some more at Decode but just showed the same tech demo again, though people on the show floor got to try it out themselves.They said Agni in that DX12 tech demo has 17 million polygons on her, in the other DX11 Agni tech demo she had 400,000 polygons on her
9Agni is a tech showcase, just like the 3D FFVI, PS2 FFVIII and the PS3 FFVII tech demo. Don't expect it to be a full game.
8Yeah but it's odd that they keep making posters and stuff for it
8Don't expect it to be a full game. Unless people keep asking for more...
3It's a neat design/setting. They might recycle it into something one day. 2If "asking for more" were enough to develop a game, the FFVII remake would have come out years ago.
9remove the tiny details14 days of Final Downgrade 15 threads
Shitposting is an art, ffxv threads are just comical at this point
, 
I WILL NAME MY AMIIBO "SANIC" DAMN IM SO CREATIVE!
Why you such a hater nigga
9not Blonic
9are you upset
Not christine the hedgehogFaggots.
9OP's mad he can't afford amiibos
8Because "sanic" was never funny and you're a fucking boring person for calling sonic "sanic" at every given opportunity.
not painting your sanic amiibo's arms blue
How would you guys name a Mario amiibo?
7Wario
9cant imagine how many epic memesters did thisi called mine "fuck you"i had the replace the "c" with a russian letter or else it wouldnt work
9HIS
2ebin
I WILL CREATE A HYBRID OF SONIC AND PIKACHU AND CALL IT "SONICHU" DAMN IM SO CREATIVE!
0i did it purely out of irony and metaness9did chris seriously think he was original in any wayi literally came up with a sonic and pikachu character as a kid, and i also called it sonichuthough that was back in 2004 or something, chris did it back in the 90's
9Naming characters anything other than default names
7Red Luigi
Nah always go with Coldsteel so they know that it was nothing personal
8not being creativewatching anime
8not naming your Pikachu Frank Zappa.
8*personnel
I called mine Sonichu.
0Using it.
7Gonzales.
9I named mine BlueArms McFast
Not naming it sonichu
7It is funnier than sonic though
DANKEY KANG
9not Sanek
7Merry-o
I have a second Jigglypuff mint in box, looking to trade it for a North American Dedede. Any offers here?
9I named mine Original.
On my bed about to start my first game of witcher 3. Comfy as fuck
6sub 30fps comfy
8The human eye can't see past 24fps.
8The human eye does not use the term fps
8Witcher 3's collision is unconvincing and floaty as fuck anyway, 60fps is NOT going to help that
6fomfy as Cuck
6Better be playing at least on Blood and Broken Bones
2eye can't fps
6Playing The Witcher on a console
6You're in for a blast mateyHad PS4 version too, it's solid as fuck. Upgrading GPU soon to play it on PC though
6JUST THE STORY! What the fuckSo now were just outwardly calling gameplay secondary right in the difficulty screen
6At least try the difficulty under the one you've highlighted. Also:camshot of a console that can do screenshots by pressing a single button.
6I would actually seriously recomend playing on Blood and Broken Bones difficulty, as some other had. It's not so much about being a macho and proving how good you are at videogames, as it is about the fact that Blood and Broken Bones actually introduces some rather significant changes to the gameplay dynamics, particulary by stopping you from regenerating health on meditation, making consumables and health management in general significantly more relevant portion of the game: and resulting into better pacing and also fixing a bit the economy. Also, the game just is easy. I'm a pretty clumsy gamer, I generally quite suck, and even I am finding it somewhat lacking in challenge in the later game state, even on blood and bones difficulty.
Seriously how the fuck do I kill this goddamn werewolf?Do I need the oil or something because this little nigger keeps regenning health too fast and igni won't stop it like I thought.I tried waiting for him to turn human and then going to talk to him but apparently the game doesn't think I'd want to ever do that.
6This isn't your blog, faggot. Take this shit to reddit.
1Im going to assume that "Just the Story" is the easiest difficulty. Lets face it, if people are playing the easiest difficulty of a video game, all they care about is the story.Why are you so upset at that? So that makes perfect sense
8the human eye
4git gut and make more damage than he can regenerate or moondust bumb to stop regeneration entirely
1b-b-but i wasted 800$ for a 980 to play silky smooth 60fps at ultra**with hairworks disabled lol
3But he literally regenerates more health than my sword deals.Guess I need a better sword then, fuck that's annoying.
, 
The Nintendo NX Entertainment System
NeXt!
I know you're shitposting, but that's actually kinda true.
9Its ok when nintendo does it.I bet they will be breaking record sales with this one,im not even joking.
It is okay when Nintendo does it!
Does anyone seriously believe they will be making an Android based Console Light?
9AHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHDO you really think any dev would just create a Team to develop games or port games for it?You're fucking crazyThe NX will simply bomb. Even worse than the WiiU.It will have plenty of shovelwares and Gone Home style of "games".Candy Crash Mario and Flappy Link
4The NX will simply bomb.You don't even know what it is.
4Are you stupid?Its nintendo we are talking about they will make it happen also we see Konami will be making Android games so they may be NX compatible.
2It's the NX Nintendo flop.
2Offcourse I don't. I only know the Nikkei rumor. But for sure It won't ba a x86/x64 machine8are you really excited for F2P games on a N console?
2I dont own any consoles.
4That's literally Japan's gaming industry at the moment and what NX is catering to. It'll sell well there.
9OUNO
4thereAre we talking about another 10 million console then?OKimplying Japanese want to play mobile games on their friggin' TVs
2You mean a PC? Can I get that in writing?
2But for sure It won't ba a x86/x64 machineOh thank god.are you really excited for F2P games on a N console?If they're made by Nintendo, then possibly.
0Do you hear yourself?implying Japanese want to play mobile games on their friggin' TVsThe wee fucking you has mobile fucking hardware same as the console before its fucking horrible and yet people play it.It they put few Tegra 3 chips and run on android not only will it be cheaper to manufacture but the games will look better.People will love it mark my words.
0The wee fucking you has mobile fucking hardwareAll opinions discarded.Have a nice day.
0They've already announced their NX infrastructure will be cross compatible with phones
4Oh thank god.nice joke0The wee fucking you has mobile fucking hardwarewhen?and yet people play it.when?It they put few Tegra 3 chips and run on android not only will it be cheaper to manufacture but the games will look better.People will love it mark my words.
5Are you retarded
4Flappy LinkGive
4No.0It's not a joke.There's no reason everything should run on X86 standards, and if game creators attempt to demand it, it just shows how unimaginative and inversatile they have become.
9X86 is way more mainstream than some shitty Power PC technology
1Did I ever claim otherwise?
9How are you going to live without Witcher? Doesn't that sound exciting as fuck? Doom 4 should also be out by that time.
2it just shows how unimaginative and inversatile they have become.
5What does that have to do with how popular X86 architecture is?
0So you said, oh thank god.for no real reasonk
6You're not making sense.
9being this mad
6surecare to explain to me why a crappy custom architecture is better than x86/x64
Hey /v/Hey, listen.
6so?
5Because it's custom. It gets the job done the way they want it done.Not the cheapest way, or the way someone else wants it done.
6They're building their own OnLive?
People are so retardedAndroid OS does not mean smartphones or Ouya like devices.
1The Nintendo biggest problem is thatThey want custom hardware just for them they only use POWER PC since the GamecubeThey simply don't give a fuck about third party devs
9Android OS does not mean smartphones or Ouya like devices.
1Is a Chrome Book a smartphone or an OUYA like device?
5They give lots of fucks. Their dev kits are reasonably priced and can be payed later, and they come with lots of middle ware tools.
5That's great. Fuck the normies
4go say this to Zombie U devs
6yfw this pesudo confirms that the next handheld will be a single screen that can connect to a second screen.
4What? They were rushing a redesigned alien b-movie game to be a 2deep4u zombie game for release, and naturally had to work with pre-release equipment.That's a recipe for having a bad time.
2they literally asked to N how to use the miiverse messaging system, they waited 3 weeks to have an answer like "We're looking into the problem" and when they asked if they could do something like Xbox live or PSN they answered after 9 million years "We don't know what Xbox live is"Not to count the poor documentation on the hardware and the shitty OS they use
7So one 3rd party in France having a bad time with making a launch game for an unfinished console from a Japanese manufacturer means that Nintendo "simply don't give a fuck about third party devs"?I mean, I've heard other stories of Nintendo being slow with feedback, but you're generalizing a bit.
4EA dropped the ballUbisoft dropped the ballActivision dropped the ballSlighty mad Studios has problems with the Wii U version of Project CarsJapan devs didn't even try to develop something for the WiiURight now Nintendo is only publisher/dev on WiiU
94No.0It's not a joke.There's no reason everything should run on X86 standards, and if game creators attempt to demand it, it just shows how unimaginative and inversatile they have become.Sorrt for retardo-quote layout, writing from my phoneSo you are saying that game developers should cater to console manufacturers so they may allow to put their game on console?If you want to get a job in financial division of any console manufacturer company - Nintendo will love you, but outside of them you can only perform very important task of a rodeo clown
4Chromebook doesn't run Android, pleb scum
4k
5Separates the wheat from the chaff. We're at the Freaky Friday remakes / Kanye West stage of video game history. When people get hyped for garbage, something is wrong. When people get hyped for remakes of remakes of garbage, the entire industry needs to crash hard.
I knew it: the NX will be a tablet/ipod touch thing that Nintendo will use as a vehicle to get into the mobile gaming marketThey're not sure if it'll be a success, which is why they've refused to call it a 3DS/Wii U successor. What we have here is another "third pillar" like when the original DS came out - but this thing will be Ouya-tier trash and probably not go anywhere
9Are you an idiot
6No anon. Simply no.The only thing that happens is Nintendo not getting any 3rd party support. No publisher will let others to shit on their head. When Nintendo wanted god knows what from EA80's, they've started funding fucking computer-only rpgs just to show that they don't need them.3rd parties want open platform and if not given so, they go to competition, which means that closed doors policy is ultimately stupid
2The entire industry needs to die then so something good can rise from the ashes. I honestly don't know how it's sustaining itself right now.
9B-but at least its not the OUYA!Now nintenniggers cant say that anymore, lol.
6Dudebros.
6wow
I truly bet Nintendo will bring up the NeXt thing in gaming. Then, once again, Xboise and Soggy will have to follow up with a similar neggst-thing-over-easy.webmyfw Nintendo puts the Ten in I do!
4Implying M$ will release an Xbox Twoimplying SONY won't release SmartTVstation Doubles
5You don't want to know what I would imply.Besides, M$ would drob the "Xbox" from the next name all together. Lel.SONY- TV. Sounds abrout rioht haha.I can't spoiler alert anybody off about Nintendo's next thing 10 or it won't be as affective when it comes out.Yes I did spelling errors. What am I, a robot? Lol
4What are you implying?
0You have to wait like a good customer. Just like mii!In retrospect, it would come from a company like Nintendo. Haha, they started off so simple too. From cards to social tools to games to NeXt. I feel so dirty knowing about it so soon.
9okI mean...ok
A shitposting thread literally breaks the 500 postsContinued in another threadThis board is fucking dead
8what other thread?
The phone will connect to the TV that way people will play games on it, Nintendo right now is trying to see if Android works if not Nintendo will change it and even create a new one, the ¨console¨ is for attract 3rd party developers but they are not searching for the big AAA titles they want the more casual market that are on the mobiles, then they will sell it as ¨play casual mobile games on your TV¨, this at least is what they plan for the West, especially on the US.
2yeah
2that slutJago, please go.
yfw Nintendo will build a paid OS based on Androidyfw Nintendo will don't need a specific hardware for ityfw devs will just have to use the OS to make games, and only need to choose what type of hardware to focus on TVs, smartphones, etcyfw Nintendo will accept third party hardware, like steam machinesyfw Nintendo will go full online/full amiibo/full paid subscriptionyfw when they will swim in cashyfw Nintendo will put 24/7 DRMyfw Nintendo go full jewyfw Sony and MS will follow it's stepsyfw the armaggedon of video games is happening
STANDING
Which is the best vanilla private server?I'm currently playing on Feenix' EmeraldDream
Nostalrius by far
0Kronos WoWNostalrius fags will shill constantly because muh pop but Kronos has better scripting and so far Nostalrius has failed to live up to it's promises.The top guild on Nost didn't even want to release their Ragnaros kill video because it was so buggy, but they released it because some guy on /wpsg/ got a hold of it
i really like vanillagamingyou can choose between 1x and 15x xp rate any time you want and it's pretty well coded
321Do you guys have any experience with feenix?I'm hearing lots of bad things about the dev team and I know there are better alternatives, but it's just that I've sunk a lot of time into their servers.I'm just wondering if they are worth the switch.
5i didnt really like feenix because only high xp rate servers so idunno
I've been playing Nostalrius for a few weeks and have no complaintsGood communityAcceptable prices on AHDifficulty is refreshingLeveling scene is the OG struggleDrop rates not totally borkedOnly complaint is the resource bar refresh rate, which has killed me numerous times rogues WW@
who cares
I am always paranoid about a server suddenly dying. This is why I would love a Blizzard run Vanilla server that I can pay 5$ a month for. Smooth and clean with no lag.I played on Emerald Dream to about lvl 38 and got bored.I'm currently unemployed and gonna try Kronos. Downloading now.Nostalrius was maybe too popular? It has a lot of shitty people. The population was high, but even in the first dungeon people wanted to run through as fast as possible and had no interest in killing optional bosses. I was healing, and they didn't have the patience to wait for me to drink. I had no gold and was just wasting waters but nobody cared. This was every single run, not just 1. I quit at lvl 16.I've watched the streamer who runs one of the best guilds on Nost and he is a total fag. Really stuck up and is one of those "there is a best and fastest way to do everything and if you don't do it this way you are shit" type of people. That really isn't the attitude people had back in Vanilla.Nost has a shit community.
0Populations of even the most functional servers have dwindled but extremely few "serious" as opposed to something some random guy is running on his laptop servers have outright disappeared. I don't see a reason to worry.Personally I wouldn't bother grinding for BiS gear and further, I just want to beat the available content and then fuck off. I think not feeling obliged to grind is a boon.As for your other problem, I don't know if you faced wrathbabbies for whom the concept of downtime is unknown if that was the case, a less popular or more mature server might show a difference or just people who know how little downtime you can get away with mana regeneration continues even after you've been put into combat, waiting for combat to drop and then pulling the next pack was common, but generally speaking you can't really make people play ineffectively once they've learned to play once. The server doesn't really matter in this regard.
0but what happened to that QG / Quality Gaming vanilla private server that was all the rage on /vg/ like two years ago or so? I even googled it and it appears like all traces of it are gone.
Soon brothers, soon.
2Elaborate
3Corecraft is soon finished.Hard to decipher?
2They are no where close to finishing, you can check their progress on their own forum still tons of shit to do.
30Who knew there were so many kronos shills on /v/? Guess it makes sense because they don't have anybody to actually play the game with.
8What is corecraft, and why should I care?
3Public tests have demonstrated that CoreCraft has attention to detail far exceeding any other private server, including stuff like retail-like event processing cycle responsible for stuff like two warriors charging each other and actually polished questing and world instead of merely being able to complete the quest or having the mob stand roughly in the correct area, all the RP shit, patrol paths etc. are implemented as well, pretty much every server is just stock-MaNGOS/TrinitycoreIt's also supposed to have stuff like pre-nerf post bug fix raids, original AV as close as you can replicate it at level 70 with 2.4.3 client, anyway and stuff like that. And well, the current emulation scene of the best expansion is currently worse off than Cataclysm, so even decently polished alternative is a big deal.
Feenix Warsong used to be amazing, but as they released more raids, it became stupidly hard to catch up with a new character. I quit shortly after they released Nefarian and then came back after Naxx release, only to see that it has gone down the shitter.
2That's pretty fucking neat. I'll have to keep an eye on it.
0me.
, 
/v/ newfag here. Is there any videos on youtube of game characters saying shit at the most awkwardest time possible?
WHY CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS?
class="quote"According to a new image on Reddit, a user has spotted a Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 packaging for a Mountain Dew bottle. The bottle is the Berry Lime Flavor, which has been exclusive to Call of Duty promotions in the past.Currently, visiting the website listed on the bottle – dewanddoritos.com – takes you to their promotion page, which is for PS4’s Warframe title right now. However, the tag line for the website is, “All year long, DEW® and DORITOS® are teaming up with PlayStation® to bring you closer to greatness with rewards for your favorite games.”The most notable part of that tagline is the partnership with PlayStation, which may hint that Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 may be partnered with Sony for marketing this year; Activision has not confirmed which system or if any system will be getting DLC first for Call of Duty: Black Ops 3.In addition, the “your favorite games” part hints that this promotion could extend beyond Warframe to Black Ops 3, if the packaging is real.We’ll update as we learn more.So is this Sony's big E3 surprise?
, 
What are some games you could recommend to me for a PS3? All I ever do in my PS3 is play sports games with people, I want to play good RPGs and some other shit. I do have a few, but I want to hear what you have to suggest.

8I want to play good RPGsGet a PS1.
class="quote"Implements optimizations and bug fixes that provide increased performance for Kepler-based GPUs.holy shit after i installed this new driver my gtx 760 got +5 fps in the witcher 3.so should i be mad at nvidia because they purposely cucked me with their old drivers, or should i be happy because they changed it after enough people cried on the internet about it?
Typical nvidiot who fell for the ads.
4You should shut the fuck up because nobody cares about The Witcher 3 anymore.
Saying Brawl sucks and is easily the worst Smash Bros game to dateWhy you trippin'?
5Sm4sh is objectively worse than Brawl. Sm4shfags know it but won't admit it.
0atleast their isn't bullshit trippingOnly 1 character can trip people up
Why do women ruin everything?
Because vaginas
6/thread
7Not all
7*tips fedora*
7they don't even got a dick
7Why do you hate your mother?
7Because you don't beat them enough and actively allow them to attempt shit that you know they can't accomplish, either at all or even remotely competently.
7Didn't Tifa basically keep Cloud in the dark for 90% of the game just so that she could keep him around for some childhood fantasy?
8Yes. One of the worst girls in the series.
8No...? She didn't know he was there, they were remembering things slightly different, I don't think she remembered cloud being there, he had to tell her what happened.
7Because their whole purpose is luring men into doing horrible things.
0Because their whole purpose is luring men into doing horrible things.Which is pretty superfluous considering they really don't need any more help in that regard.
8Not to satisfy her own needs. When Cloud was rambling on in Kalm I think she realised he is somewhat fucked up and decided not to bring it up in case he was unstable. If I recall she kept trying but then was hesitant and backed out. In the end she helped him come to realise the truth anyway and actually contributed positively to the plot unlike any other female in the FF series save maybe Yuna.
1Oh and Celes sorry.
0what's your point you beta white knight cuck?
0So whats your purpose then?
7This man speaks the truth
8Its a joke about the the depths men will go to obtain their dreams and desires you idiot. Crack on a history book why don't you.
4*open a history
Because whiteknights.
7copy that.
DO IT
2this is a pretty good meme op
4DONT LET YOUR MEMES BE MEMES
They hate Broken Age, do you finally like them? 
1Literally Who?
1a couple unlikable retards with poor hygiene hate on some shit gamedo you like me now?Fuck off OP
1Their opinions aren't the issue. Their being painfully unfunny and having the gaming know how of a dead grandmother are.
HEY HEY
Literally who?And I don't know anyone who actually liked Broken Age.
Episode Duscae when?
3At E3 I guess. Holy crap this is good news. Squenix better make a good port this time especially since these aren't last gen games but run on current gen hardware. It's gonna be nice to play FFXV at 60fps when it comes to pc
They still haven't released LR yet.
so, apparently, the new need for speed will have no single player and requires a constant internet connection.is it a hoax? is it for real? will EA drop the ball?
2microtransactions ahoy
2 bullsh*tReally nigga?
2will EA drop the ball?implying they still have something to drop
2will EA drop the ball?Why are you even asking this?
2sauce?
Destiny: The Racing game
4random comments on ea's facebook pagei'm assuming they're not talking shit but i'll look for sauce in a bit
2want a forever lonely or pe pe me me on your car? 0.35$!
42welcome to last week.
2Single player games are dead. There's more money to make with always online multiplayer stuff because - much harder to crack/pirate because you need to reverse-engineer the server part which can take many months so a lot of people will just say fuck it and buy the original- devs don't need to worry about adding 'enough' content to keep you non-bored for say 100 hours- no need for coding a decent AI when you have actual people to compete with- when sales are stagnating you just shut down the servers and players are literally forced to buy the sequel
You fucks will never learn, you shouldn't have to think twice, it's EA.
to think that i was actually planning to buy the game, even though i don't have a decent rig..sorry, but no
4Beavis and Butthead Do America
EAEAEAEAEAEAEAEAIts dead
EAC'mon son
Show me your specs, /v/.
What's the point? All people do in these threads is circlejerk their newest overpriced hardware purchases to justify playing some unoptimized PC port.
980ti can suck a dick. still $1000 in ausfagland
8OP here, i can only dream of temps like that. I have mini-ITX-case, so my GPU goes like up to 70-79 degrees Celsius when i'm playing something like BF4. Thinking about upgrading this summer tho, would i be fine with a GTX 970 or should i just get the GTX 980 Ti?
Vidya/Spooky idea thread, anyone? Just had an idea last night.You play a fellow alone in their home one late night during a heavy storm which has brought a power outageThe character pulls out a handheld and decides to pass the time with a game they haven't played yet, a kind of cutesy game rather like animal crossing, with the character holding their game console with the darkened room in the backgroundAs time goes on, it becomes more and more apparent that there's something wrong with the game, and you think you might've seen something move in your peripheral vision...Have to complete the game while avoiding being discovered by the warped, horrific versions of the cutesy game characters wandering your powerless homeHad a power outage last night, didn't have much to do besides pick up my 3DS and play a bit of a game I haven't really touched before, AC: New Leaf. Entire room was pitch black save for the screen, and once the thought of some kind of horrible horror-version of Isabelle poking out from the dark entered my head, I couldn't really shake the thought.
8a game where you play as me
8Oh, forgot to add.Kind of like the natural horror progression of "Gamer," from Game & Wario. The game can be fairly challenging, but you can't really get fully immersed, you have to be watching your peripheral vision or risk being surprised.
Any games that let you play as a spooky skeleton?
Roller Coaster Tycoon 2
Darude Sandstorm
3Grim Fandango
Quake III: Arena
3Killer InstinctGrim FandangoParty members in some SMT games
3Mr. Bones on SaturnProbably the funniest shit I've ever played
3Why is it that games where you play an undead are so few and far between? Since you are already dead theres so many ways you can pull off crazy shit.Playin as Sir Dan was crazy fun when this came out.Ripping your arm off and using it as a blunt weapon/boomerarm.That spinning sword move where only his upper body spins a full 360º.DanHand.
Speaking of skeletons, does anyone else really want a Skulduggery Pleasant game?
3Why was 2 so shit compared to 1?
Here are the reasons why Sonic should be a villain in the Mario series as opposed to Bowser1 Bowser has been killed multiple times by Mario.2 Sonic was Bowser's sidekick.3 Even Shantae should replace Bowser.4 They should replace lava with water because Sonic and Shantae can stand on the lava, but the y can't swim in water and drown easily.5 they should have created Sonic Jr, Shanate Jr, Giga Sonic and Giga Shantae.6 When Mario saves Peach he killes peach because she belongs to Bowser and Shantae.7 Dr Eggman and Risky Boots must replace Luigi.
5are you trying to meme me
BUT HEY...
, 
What are some good Sonic games I can emulate?
5Sonic 06
No Sonic game was ever good.Prove me wrong.
5Hold on a second, I posted the wrong picture.
4I tried so hard to avoid this
9And you fell so hard
All Sonic Advance games, basically.GBA is easy as fuck to emulate.
, 
The stories that come out of this game are pretty entertaining.How many hours realistically will I need to dump into this game to have my own stories to tell? Is the time investment worth it?Also, post stories.
bump so it doesn't 404 until i reply
Speaking as someone who got in like 2 weeks ago, you can start doing fun stuff from day 1. The thing is, you level your character, or better said train, while you are offline as well. You put in a cartain skill in a queue to train, and it trains it.To fly certain ships or use some modules, you will need to train the required skills. The nice thing is, it usually doesn't take long to train to level 1I've been having tons of fun. The whole game is run by players, and you can do a lot of things, and have a lot of career options. You can try most of them without putting too much hours into it, then choose the one you like and train the skills for it. One more thing, use a buddy code. Its like a referal link, and you get 30 days for freethe base game is free, and if you decide to sub, your buddy gets a plex item which sells for a lot on the market, and gives you 1 month of game time. It is a custom that he sells it and gives you 75% of the ISK made. Check out the EVE subreddit, they have a bot for that
9played a few years ago. there are four ways to play it:1. the asshole pirate nobody likes because he's a jumpgatekiller.2. the victim of the one above.3. the miner who does nothing but farming asteroids because he wants to go into industry but quits the game out of boredom and frustration nullsec-farming before he gets to this point.4. excel in space.just skip it.
tfw quit at -10.0 sec statusI can't go back
1dont believe a word this person saysdont play eve
Good game but can be shitty when you start out. Just get a frig and jump straight into nullsec for yolo times. Or join brave newbies and have fun as a fleet.
9He asked for thoughts on the game, i gave him mine as a new player.By all means, don't play the game if you don't like it, but fuck of with implying that i'm shilling the game6How are BN? I joined the pandemic horde when i started, but they really don't do much
Deaf game. Don't bother.
8I dont know never joined them or horde. I think newbies would have more adventures though than horde since everyone's always after them. Id recommend them over horde.
The most fun I had in this game during the ~6 years I played it was being a pirate in lowsec. I always honored ransoms, though.
4there is a vast array of stuff to do anonthe problem is its all tedius/boring as fucki played for 6 months a few years ago, basically the only fun thing is PVP.If you solo PVP you will get rekt by anyone who has played the game longer than you or by a ganksquadIf you fleet PVP you will lag out its a feature no seriously lag is actually a feature called "time dilation"The rest of the game is either grinding for ISK ingame money or transiting space for 99999 hrs
6Thanks, i guess i'll apply and check them out
EVE is pay2win, EVERYTHING, LITERALLY EVERYTHING can be bought with real money
years.it will take years to have stories.don't play EVE
7BNI have the most fun from what I see. Horde and karmafleet was made becasue they saw the fun BNI was having. Karmafleet has a use for the goon since they rely on numbers than strength. Horde I cant see doing much coz PL would just bring their supers out and snigg when they need a few more people. Go BNI and have some fun.
0Apparently the monthly fee can be paid from just playing the game though if you're good enoughThough I'm not sure how hard that is to accomplish.
8That's not true. You can have your own solo rifter adventure stories within weeks5Unless you really really know what you are doing you won't be doing this for the first 3 months as a newbie, maybe even longer.If you have experience you can do it without too much hassle
5When you get a good cloaky ship you can do exploration in wormholes or nullsec and make enough from 2-3 days of doing sites.
I played it for 6 months, it doesn't get any better. I always feel like going back but for £20 per month or whatever it is for the monthly fee, I could put that towards having a decent fun day IRL
7I'm in one of BNI's wormhole corps so I haven't been around bravespace much lately. But there is literally always shit going on in fountain so you never get that issue of logging to find no content. Worth a try, I'd suggest starting with brave newbies and maybe scouting out some other corps in the alliance
could be exploring the stars with my qt3.14 waifu.How much of the game would I be spending looking at my ship's trajectory and stuff compared to this grill's beautiful eyes?
8The one thing that put me off was their "stay classy" policy. I mean, i don't want to read a chat full of memes and shit, but it sounds a bit fedora-like
7Frankly, this is the only thing that stops me from really enjoying Eve.A super robust character creator, and you do absolutely jack shit with your character. Can you imagine the delicious RP if you can walk in stations and inside your ship and shit?I honestly don't know why they never implemented stuff like that, given so much of the game relies of RP.
5Resources. They've been talking about walking in ships and stations since beta.
Just play Elite or wait for Star Citizen. I wanted to get into EVE, but the fact of the matter is anybody who started before you has an undeniable edge that you will never get over, unless they stop playing for a long while.
2You can buy skills for real money.
1Beta was a million years ago. If they were going to implement it, they would've done so already.
2some people take it a bit far, but the idea is just don't attack someone personally due to race and shit. The corp I'm in no holds barred proper emotionally scarring stuff though, it's nice
9oh you mean those solo "adventures" you have where you fly around empty space for 5 hours straight and do nothing? yeah fuck off
2wait for SCWaiting for scams to deliver is usually not a good idea, m8.
7oh wait nevermind, there is ONE thing you do: run away. Because everybody has better ships that you with tech 2 or faction modules with maxed out skills. it's pointless and even more unbalanced than WoW pvp.
8try living by yourself in a c13wr for as long as you can, that is a hell of a lot of fun
8I want to play a new game and fight max level charactersWHY AM I LOSINGAre you actually retarded or just twelve? Do you understand how games work?
3Could you translate this?
6I am cautiously hopeful star citizen, haven't paid anything or commited myself but if it's as good as it could be I'll have a week long boner. If it's shit, oh well nothing lost just lost potential
6Well, I left SC as a footnote to the sentence for a reason. I'm not impressed by anything it's delivered, and I'd still be playing Elite right now if my HOTAS wasn't knackered
1If your rich you can buy tags to redeem at concord to rapidly gain sec status.9Only if you are willing to play with other people and can make your own goals and fun. Yes yes I know all MMOs need friends to be fun but here if you don't have friends you will be food for everyone else.68BNI aren't respected by anyone else in EVE. They are primarily redditors as well if that matters to you although amusingly they fucking hate TEST. They are generally piss poor at the game but they are friendly to their own and typically fly cheap shit so it's a good place to start if you want to see what the nullsec life is like. They do little to nothing to help people make money though, get involved in planetary interaction to fund your T1 cruisers.Red vs blue is another good place to try if you want low commitment PVP
3And you know, $83,576,043 of gamers who have supported it for two years and got a shitty racing sim tech demo out of it.And the sad part is, they defend it...
6Eve has 4 kinds of space.High sec where everyone is protected; in theory. Low sec where there is very limited protection and piracy. Null sec which is large alliances using 200+ man fleets. And WH space which is completely lawless. That guy was referring to WH space. It is possible to live in the uncharted ass end of nowhere alone and have fun doing so.
6a wormhole with no permanent entrances or exits, powerful effects that alter the stats of your ship and no way to build a base of operations with any kind of defense, you can literally set up a tiny mobile depot and that's it
4yeah, but they're not me
9Is there anything you can really do there though? Pretty sure sleepers would shit over a newbie in a Rifter.
0except now the wormhole cfc are trying to sell it all to renters and blob anyone who doesn't play by their rules
09Ah i see i see. Sounds kinda pointless if you don't have a station to dock to nearby, and thus no access to the market. Also, whatthe hell would you even do flying around in a wormhole?I've only entered one or two as i'm new myself, so i don't have much wh experience, but it looks just like any other area of space8Red vs blue is another good place to try if you want low commitment PVPWas thinking of that as well. I don't have much money or skills to fly more expensive stuf, so constant PvP in expendable frigates would be right up my alley
0you definitely need some skills for it, but a confessor wouldn't take too long for a brand new player to skill into respectably and it's literally the best ship for the space. You can make a shitload of money in that sort of space and there are ample opportunities for ganking and PVP
4you can always scan down exits to hisec space to sell off some loot, WH space is interesting because it is possible to make exceptional amounts of money there, but is extremely dangerous because you can never REALLY know that there isn't a cloaky ship right behind you ready to blow you to bits, you have to permanently be on guard and ready to find a way out of sticky situations
8BNI has the biggest love boner for test, where are you getting your info?They were in the same coalition, staging from the same system up until rather recently
8If your rich you can buy tags to redeem at concord to rapidly gain sec status.The low sec status tags are only a few mil iskHe could go back to -4.9 w/o a problem
9Don't bother start playing this game unless someone referred you / you know someone who plays this game IRL. This is not a game a new person can catch up to old players. This is also a game where the majority of oldfag's income comes in from scamming newbies.Fuck this game.
7That's only high class whs
0Only ones worth living, sadly living in the last c6 mag not owned by WHCFC, it's a poor state of affairs
Played for half a year the "excel in space game". Made fifty billion of ISK. Left the game. Still training two accounts with that money, although haven't played for three years.
8Only ones worth livingno
4Sounds like someone who got scammed.Its ok just give me your isk and I will double it for you and youll be back to flying shiney ships.
4absolute bullshit, sure you can't fly in a black ops fleet from day one, but it doesn't take that long to fly a few fun ships competently, the vast majority of players despise scamming new players because it does nothing but hurt the game as a whole, without newer players the game will eventually die. People know this, 90% of the time if you get killed, send a message to your killer, ask him what he would have done different or for tips, they will almost always be happy to help.
Eve is anti fun and you fags know this full well.
9mfw I buy EVE on steam into my inventory and the game makes an account for me without even redeeming the steam giftthat's my whole experience with eve
8The worth of a wormhole is very related to what other systems it usually connects to.4The best way to get rich fast or second to scamming is to have privileged information on new patches and take advantage of that.
7for most cases yes, but if you're doing capital escalations you want to do them in your home hole
If you do join a corp and get on teamspeak.Having fun in EVE relies on other people.Also 90% of the time it's boring as shit, but that 10% is incredible.Two storiesbe fucking years ago, 2008 iircin corp on TSrecently moved to low secwe're all in our home system dockedI go out to kill rats in my shipdo some beltswarp into onekill ratsuddenly guy warps in and scrambles meopens fireheart is pounding, got the shakes'HELP ME, I'M IN BELT X GETTING ATTACKED M8S' in teamspeak'oin o-ur way' from corpmates5 of them warp in and open fire on the guyblow him up just in time, nearly ded myselfgo back home, thank my co-rpm8sguy is docked in the station in his podopens a channel to our CEOCEO gets him on teamspeakhe is impressed, says he's bored of being a pirate and wants to joinseems like a nice bloke so we let him joinsays to me 'no hard feelings mate? Just doing my job and all that'get on well with him from then onOther story is joined a 0.0 sec corp, got bored of the game, quite, came back months later, corp was ded, and I had to get back home to high sec in a shuttle. Got through loads of empty unmanned bubbles, however one was manned, asked the guy there in local if I could come through pls, 'lolno' opened fire, I warped to the safe spot I had made, suddenly local is flooded with about 20 people. I shat myself and managed to get out of the system via another gate.Good times.Meet some great people in corps too,m and nearly all are over 20. There were German blokes in the corp I was in recently who were 40-50 lel.
6Not everything is about money m8I want shitters to leave
8makes it easy when you have to clear sites once a month to be able to happily buy anything you realistically need, spending the rest of the time getting dank frags

2m-muh elite 230 man Ishtar fleets and T3 blobs
3more like small gang roams, The t3 armor brawls are only for timer fights and organised shit navy omen roams is life
0A friend of mine made that picture 5 years ago, it's always funny seeing it get posted around everywhere.
9I bought 2 guardian vexors when they was released. I think 100 or so was given away, for a 75-100mil isk each.I ofc stopped playing the game as its after all just dull grinding and gave 1 to the clan I was in.They later, atleast, claim they crashed the market for ISK for gametime thingy when they said they would sell it and buy up every thingy for it that was sold.As the ship today sell for over 100 billion I should have stayed in the game, I would have plenty of free game time.PS: the guardian veexor suck.
5doubt
/vg/104947742
4meh, I started last year with a youtube referral, no friends, and think I am in a plenty good spot. Just knowing the game mechanics and piloting your ship yourself gives you an upper hand in pvp over many blob scrubs
EVE is entirely what you make it.It can range from a mind-numbing grind like any MMO, to a complex, dynamic second life that you play 23/7 and think about when you're not online, or a short, but intense weekly dose of excitement and companionship.
7All of it.Characters never ever ever come into play, they are only ever seen as portraits on things like killmails.I haven't docked in a station where I could see my character walk around in the last 6 months, and even when I could do it I never did because the only thing that walking around as your character offers is a barebone room with you and only you in it, a couch, a 'tv' and a balcony to your ship.
8Hi there fellow nova dweller.
5
30
52 guardian vexorslol pathetic. i have 10 gold magnates sitting in my hanger right now. my dad spawned them in for me for my birthday he works for CCP. he also gives me all the titans i want for free and i have all the skills in the game at level 5
1PL still had to take HERO sovall-out hadn't ascended to the status of white stag of wh space yetno GOLDEN AGEno SANSHA EDITION #XXstill TengooAt least some things never change, likeamarr
2This guy.
No matter what you do the one important thing to remember is it's not a solo game. Sure you can solo missions or pvp and succeed but it's boring as fuck compared to being part of a group and working together.If you want to take part in the massive fleet battles or operations, you're going to have to work under somebody and take orders. Simple as that.
7;
Most fun I had is spending time in a wormhole with friends. Some people might come through newly formed WHs and we would just dunk their asses. There were some cases where a dangerous group would come in and we would just go from custom bookmarked waypoint to waypoint trying to avoid them, shit was tense. But overall the money in ratting in WHs is pretty fucking good.
REALITY IS STANDALONE NOWtank squaddanmechanized infantryplaying as russians and using glorious ak-74 to punch holes in chechen scumplaying as freedom fries and ziptie punching civiliansplaying as hamas and putting IEDs under IDF tanksplaying as canadians with their green AR-15s and hunting taliban 100 PLAYER SERVERS
Have /k/ prefix/k/ guys join up and playOther squads are called "Hotheads" "Big guys only" "Pepe" "Dank memes"nobody listensOP calls C7s a green AR15 when if anything it's a green m16
8Naw it's not a colt derivative, it's an armalite clone. I'm positive.
5Will my shitty laptop run it
8Yeah. You don't even really need to shoot to contribute in AAS, just drive logistics trucks and drop off supplies then go back to base to restock.
6It's Dimaeco or however it was spelled and now Colt Canada.
8Huh. This is what I get for trying to sound smart about a game that /k/ adores.
Downloading. Looks awesome, this is my favorite Battlefield engine.
Aw shit
6OP is a massive faggot.You could atleast try to tell people to not be massive faggots.The game has been next to unplayable these past few days because new guys are massive retards that won't listen.
9Use your mic, tell the squadleader that you're new.Read the fucking manual.Enjoy, it's one of the best military shooters available.
Just was playing this a few days ago, a lot of talk about 1.3Has it updated? Is it 1.3 now? What's new?
0It really hurts man.Every single squad, EVERY ONEpeople just run off and do their own thing. I had one retard go "WHY CAN'T I PICK THE SNIPER CLASS AGAIN I'M A GOOD SNIPER GIVE ME A SNIPER GUYS" in Muttrah city. It's really awful, and I do my best trying to teach everyone how to help their team the best but it's not enough.
0One new map, it's really good.Then there's some new vics and stuff I guess.And it's standalone, I guess that's it.Read the changelog if you want to know more.
8Now we just have to wait a week or two until those /v/irgin memespouters get the fuck out of the game.
tfw you're the new playertfw everyone hates youtfw teamkilling by mistake
6I know that feel bro.I had some guy in my squad named insanedane that INSISTED that he wasn't new and he still took the fucking sniper in an infantry squad. When I told him and the new guys to never take the sniper/marksman kit they just shrugged me off.I really hope it gets better soon though, I had some great new guys in the same squad as me on PRTA EU.We even got top squad three games in a row.Newguys squad 4 lyf.
60Get ready for another one! :-
9that pic
7Everyone teamkills one or two times when they're new.Differentiating between hostiles and friendlies gets easier, i'll help you later today if you're on PRTA EU.I'm called loerk ingame and I will do my best to teach you the ways of infantry.
6You'll be kicked or banned in due time.Learn how to play the game and enjoy it instead of being a massive faggot.
8I'm not playing right now but thanks for trying to help.
8Playing online with other people from 4chan is one of the worst decisions you can make.
9That thread was such a shitfest.
9what made him so mad?
8cool beans thanks anon
6Team chat, and the fact this game is mostly played by shitposters.So it is Arma for casuals.
I just fucking bought BF2 to play PR with someone recently ;_;
6No clue, he just showed up and started bitching about PR and how nobody was interested. That screencap isn't the half of it.
9Neither am I.I'll be on around 4pm Stockholm time :^8no problem.
6Man I fucking love C7s, I don't even know why. Could be the elcan sight.
7arma for casualswhen arma is literally a baby co-op shitter fest or a 'throw artillery at it till it dies' dayz-kiddo-infested shitter gamek
5-6 Years of PR down at this point, haven't played in about 3 months and after seeing 1.3 I installed to and gave it a shot.Had about two solid rounds out of six, it was a fucking mess honestly. Most of the teams were in complete disarray and I only saw a handful of people I recognized other than the Japnese squad that always goes up with Bradrey in it.Gonna leave it a month and hopefully all the retards would have gone and the newplayers who care would have gotten their shit together by then.New Grozny map looks good tho.
3That's a good chunk of /v/ for ya.He probably wasn't even being serious and probably just came into the thread because people were having fun and not paying attention to his 15th Brendan Fraser thread
Any SA servers?
9There hasn't been a need for a payed copy since gamespy Went down anon...7arma for casualsyou won't find the same teamwork in anything besides a premade community game in arma.
5Ok, so...How is this different from Bf2, as in, what are the features in this mod?Why shouldn't I play arma instead?Is everyone going to be a cunt if I don't use a mic.If I decide to use a mic is there anything I should know, I am not a /k/ fag, so I don't know the lingo for "fucking turn around you retards"Are there servers for people outside freedomland?Just how hard will I get my shit kicked if I say "I am new here."From these threads I get a sense of hostility towards noobs, but also desperation for new blood.
7After playing both extensively, Arma is much more casual as 90% of the time you are against retarded bots and the PVP that happens is of a low scale under 30 players.Call back when you have over 50v50 organised squads k.4two
3Tfw used to play Arma and wanna try PRToo many retards not taking orders and running off on their ownScared that i'll just get roped in with these idiots and never learn how to play the game
4The majority of servers are based in the US if that's what you're asking.
7Its arma if arma weren't a clunky shitfest and actually had responsive movement.plus you're actually able to have a team game without signing up for pro srs infantry divisons like in Arma.
game is full of new players that don't know what the fuck they're doingSo now would be a good time to get into the game if you're a new player?
4Think about it this way, before the patch drop there was a solid amount of people playing who all knew what they were doing and little to no explanation was needed, matches flowed smoothly.Suddenly instead of one 100 person and a 70 person server full you have six 100 player servers full of people who mostly have never played before, with kit restrictions and people not listening the whole thing turns to chaos.Hard to like new people when so many flood and fuckup the flow of a game.0Leave it a few weeks or so, maybe even a month and the shitters should have gone. Go into squads named "inf mumble" or "mic only" or clan squads as generally they have experience.1I personally wouldn't
5needing a micneed to read the manualaaaaand droppedenjoy your autism game
2The majority of servers are based in the US if that's what you're asking.Well duh, that's the case with 99% of games out there. I'm just asking if there is a single server down here so I can actually play this game, FPS games with anything other than 30 or lower ping are unplayable.
5What did you expect this game to be?
4There's no hostility against noobs, if you would read the thread you would see that we hate mouthbreathers that don't use their mic.military lingoThe only thing you need to use lingo for is calling out contacts. hostiles southwest 140 degreesFor example.If you tell the squadleader that you're new he will most likely welcome you and try to teach you to the best of his ability.Read the manual Before you play.0Join an infantry squad and take rifleman.Stay away from squads that have weird names, try to find squads named mum eng inf or just Foxtrot alpha bravo etc.
4How is this different from Bf2, as in, what are the features in this mod?It's a more hardcore BF2, if you're a fan of BF2 you'll love the step up in challenge and the width of the gameplay.Why shouldn't I play arma instead?Better gameplay. It has gamemodes where arma has 500000 wasteland or dayz servers and this has 50v50 actual semi-organized teams.Is everyone going to be a cunt if I don't use a mic.Kinda, yeah. The game has proximity chat, squad chat, squad leaders can talk to each other, commander can talk to all squad leaders, it's great. You gotta get one even if you use it minimally for contact callouts.If I decide to use a mic is there anything I should know, I am not a /k/ fag, so I don't know the lingo for "fucking turn around you retards"You don't need lingo. You'll pick up terms for things if you play/read the manual.Are there servers for people outside freedomland?Yes, this game has a HUGE EU community.Just how hard will I get my shit kicked if I say "I am new here."READ THE MANUAL. After that, everyone will thank you for stating that you are new. Try rifleman or medic, medic is fairly straightforward and not very combat heavy.1Yes, be sure to tell people you're new and use your mic.READ THIS SHIT IF YOU'RE NEW.
4different from bf2Focuses gameplay more on teamwork and combined arms gameplay. Overhauled ballistics, many more weapons, construction mechanics for deploying forward bases and defenses, limited class system to make squads balanced.shouldn't play armaArma is clunky and really the only fun you'll have in it is with something pre-setup and well coordinated. Also, did I mention arma is the most legendarily clunky game in existence.everyone going to be a cuntNot always, but communication is hella important and it really helps to have a mic.If I decide to use a micThe only thing you really need to do is relay the location of anything you're about to shoot. There's an on-screen compass at the bottom of your HUD, the easiest way to call out direction is to say the closest number or direction so everyone can confirm your target. Nothing else is really required of you besides not shooting your team.severs outside freedomlandCan't say, I only played on Free Candy Van, HOG was full of shit admins and FCV is where I get decent ping.how hard will you get kicked invery hard if you don't read the manual. Take a quick flip through it, it will tell you a lot more than I can in a few thousand characters.
5not having the attention span to read a couple of pagesGood riddance.
5and nothing of value was lost
Would anyone be interested in a PR thread on /vg/ later?
5Shilling a game meant for americunts at this hourShilling a game that needs people to OBEY some /k/ basement dwellers in order to have fun.Nah thanks, I can play Call of Duty Advanced Warfare, or CS:GO since I have friends.By the way, the reason nobody wants to play with you is because you are a disgusting human being incapable of interacting with other people outside of 4chan, you are real fucking pathetic son.No one will put up with your shit, you antisocial faggot.
4How is this different from Bf2, as in, what are the features in this mod?Literally just go on youtube and compare a Battlefuck 2 video to a PR one; you'll see the differences almost immediately. The key features are teamwork and realism.Is everyone going to be a cunt if I don't use a mic.Just buy one, trust me.Are there servers for people outside freedomland?Of courshJust how hard will I get my shit kicked if I say "I am new here."Just read the manual before you touch the game. I'm serious. I had read the manual before I even started playing and it helped a lot. Of course, that was years ago when I played the mod and it was probably easier to play compared to now. You'll also get a huge upper advantage against the majority of noobs coming into the game and you can help other noobs too.
6FPS games with anything other than 30 or lower ping are unplayable.What the fuck?I thought South America had shit internet. I live in the US, and even on US servers I've never had a ping lower than 50 in any game.
1shilling a modthanks for starting your post with thatthat way I stopped reading at the earliest possible time
1I've never seen someone come into a thread for the sole purpose of projecting this hardThis is hilarious
1Then why did you even bother to post in this thread?
6I don't know, I play on EU servers and if they're not available I try to find the lowest ping US server.
5I thought South America had shit internet.We have slow speeds comparatively average is around 1.5 mb/s but I never had ping problems nor data caps. When I play Dota, TF2 or any other major game that has local servers my ping is usually 20.Hell, back when I played the shit out of BF2 almost a decade ago I got like 30-40 from most BR servers.
39304Thanks. Okay I'll go through the recommended reading.Oh and here is the link to the manual
8It will probably be just as dead as /sg/.But i'd post in it if there was a thread.It'll probably end up in a massive circlejerk though, but organising some games together could be fun.
Why is the LAW launcher so shitty?
4Did you try to shoot an MBT?It's mostly meant to take out light armor.If you want to kill tanks you have to build a TOW or get a HAT kit.
0It won't hit anything. I can sit there for 15 seconds pointing directly at something less than 150 meters and it'll miss.
7Did you range it?
9It wasn't a range problem, it seemed more like the accuracy is just really inconsistent.
3It's not, at all.I've never experienced what you're describing.It really does sound like you have the thing preset to 300 meters while you're trying to hit something that is closer.The launchers are pretty much pinpoint in this game.
4From these threads I get a sense of hostility towards noobs, but also desperation for new blood.just like the military
Is the range of the IR missiles realistic?How long is it?
played since .87join first game in 1.3noobs everywherebut more importantly,if you fail at something, or do something stupid, everyone assumes you're newI'm not playing for a few weeks, to weed out the new shitters who will leave, and give the crusty old veterans a chance to calm their fucking tits.same old PR honestly, nothing has changed except standalone and UAV fuel. which is a good thing obviously, it was fine before.also where are the AKMs? I was promised AKMs for unconventional factions but when I played Taliban I still saw AK-47s
6IR missilesDo you mean the TOW? They can reach alot further than that in real Life.5I played syrian rebels and got my hands on the AKM, is bretty gud.Roadblocks are awesome aswell.
mfw going 66-2 on Kokan with the Kiowa
Enfield is worst rifle in the game and Enfield defenders are delusionalbolt actionnot a one-hit torso killlonger reload than Mosinthere is literally no reason to take the Enfield over the Mosin if given the choice
8No, IR stands for infrared as in short range AA missiles.
2kokan Kiowaon Kokan I live to wait with a Strela and three ammo boxes to murder that little fuckerCanadian layer has better helicopters, Chinook doubles as both a massive supply cow and a pretty good CAS platform if the pilot can keep her steady and fast. chinook doorgunning has always been great.
0m-muh immersion!videogames are for fun they're not for roleplaying you gigantic fucking queer.
7tfw teamkilling by mistakedon't worry about it.knowing how to identify hostiles / friendlies is really hard and will take time to learn because there are 10+ factions in the game.your best bet is to play medic and hang back or bring up the map a whole bunch.
1thanks for bumping
6roleplaying can't be fun
0shilling a modseriously it is questionable. It's free and the community doesn't even like newcomers. whats the point of these threads?
1I've actually noticed a lot more ausfags since 1.0 hit. and fewer europoors. probably because the EU guys have their own servers with enough traffic now.
God damn the american servers are a shitfest. Played on one yesterday cause EU peak hours were over.people running around doing their own thing, like one out of five inf squads was actually doing shit togethermemespouting inbetween roundspre-pubescent boys everywhere people shouting allahu akbar over the mic when we're not playing as sandniggers
Is everyone going to be a cunt if I don't use a mic.No unless you join a squad that obviously implies having one. Teamwork, VOIP, vehicle squads
2people shouting allahu akbar over the mic when we're not playing as sandniggersthis someone explain pls
8community doesn't like newcomersthe community likes newcomers, they just don't like it when newcomers fuck everything up by not knowing how to do anythingNew players are a mixed batch and when you introduce too many of them at once everyone is going to get sick of having to hand hold liabilities all week. The point of these threads is mostly to notify veterans and old time players of BF2 and BF2:PR that the game is now standalone and updated, as well as there's plenty of new players to help revive the community.8relating to the natives
8inb4 the standalone version is constantly loading ads via projectreality redirects in background processes. :^ game of all years every year
8the doing it or the problem doing it when not playing as a camel jockey?
6
85the doing itwhy do people with no comedic timing say snackbars when there are not on a jihadist team or even on a map with jihadists.
2because its fun to pretend that you're niggers who don't care about dying, and it's mostly true because its a videogameit's just a shame you can't hear the other team on local
0StrelaNot stinger
8tfw teamkilled 6 people with a frag that bounced off the wall in front of meI assumed you could cook the grenades by holding left click
5stop being contradictory."community doesn't like newcomers"they just don't like it when newcomers fuck everything upby not knowing how to do anythingeveryone is going to get sick of having to hand hold liabilities all weekcommunity doesn't like newcomers
1stinger has no growl anymore, and obscures too much of the screen to keep it shouldered.trust me, I used to use it before 1.0. but then it got bugged and has no audio cue.
5new players are good in moderation is what I mean to say. When you get an update like this that makes the game much more widely accessible since you could only get bootleg copies of BF2 off of amazon or similar, you're going to get a huge influx of new players. No community likes an influx of new people that's larger than the original community is.
5Oh, no they're not really realistic.Most of the time it feels like the max range is around 3-600m6Where in my post did I mention roleplaying?Or immersion for that matter?The game is based around teamwork, for that to work you need to listen. It's not complicated.
0it's just a shame you can't hear the other team on localthey had that in earlier versions, it was removed for obvious reasons.
8trying to diminish a community by shitpostingAtleast try something that's remotely true.
0What obvious reasons? Snackbar spam?
4bf2 requires teamwork too but I don't need to pretend that i'm a military man to get enjoyment out of the game, nor will I get banned from a server for choosing to do my own thing or not using voicechat.
4no. you can't identify friend or foe since everyone sounds like people who play videogames, not soldiers from different cultures entirely.it would be fun for a while but then it would be a chore figuring out if the voices you heard were yours or theirs.and super CQC fights would be even more hectic due to twice as many voices.and people would give away exact cache positions.
4There's obviously going to be some communicative issues when a shitfest with several squads occur and both teams try to get their medics sorted.That's one reason.
4spam, trolling.instead of using local speech people started typing text chat because they didn't want the other team to hear them.
5i'm going to say right now that doing your own thing is pretty frustrating and boring since you'll often be away from support and backup, and much more often than not be up against 8 man squads on your own.Some servers have anal rules about squads are require that you're in one though.
5comparing regular bf2 to PRlol
5play as good guysall rifles are scopedcan see terrorists from a mile awayplay as filthy terroristscan't see shitAm I doing something wrong here?
5terrorists are filthy and poor sandniggers and are supposed to use unconventional warfare against the superior forces to winjust go allah snackbar with a bombcar or set up IED traps and ambushes.
5those text messages will haunt me for everYou must JOIN A SQUADThis position requires a CREWMAN KITAll of these kits have been issuedRead your field manual and try again later
5You're not supposed to engage blufor at long ranges playing as an insurgent.
1yes it's criminal to compare "something that is fun" to a "mod for that fun something which removed all the fun"
8that's a spicy hot opinion you got there amigo
4being a filthy asset thief.
24/7 Karkand when
8So you're just to stupid or autistic to have fun with the mod, I've got just the thing for you my friend.don't play it
does it use head tracking IR? if not then I see no functional reason why I would want to downgrade to PR from ARMA
2but my team is being shreked by tanks and the guys with HATs all died like idiotsgive me the fucking Eryx already stupid game
I guess it must have been a long time since I played PR but can I still go around as an insurgent civ throwing rocks at people? Or is everyone so arma about this that I would have to form a squad of 8 people throwing rocks at people
2psstmost people don't play it. enjoy your short influx of new players before its back to 100 people max :^
2they nerfed civi heavilyInsurgent faction now has a proper "Medic" class which still gets the rope but has a Skorpion instead of no weapon.Civilians are still an important game mechanic but you have to drop your kit. which leaves you with binos, cell phone and hands. no rock.many classes still get rocks however, including RPG man, SVD man, and some IED men.
0Join the CAS/Tank/APC squad or don't take assets.If you're in infantry you ask the squadlead if you should take a HAT.
9play for less than a minutegame crashessuddenly can't find more than 4 serversI wonder why only 100 people play it
8 man squad of civiesit happens
9Someone's upset.
5it was just a joke you faggot I've play this for two years. only the newest newfags try to take armor without being in an armor squad.
2well excuse me you faggot.1lol
9for2
4downgradeMore like a better PVP sidegrade
7this is what PR devs actually believe
9a dozen civies run up and try to cover a HMMWV in grappleskek
5enjoy that wasteland
so it's en entire new game or i have to own bf2 key to play online ?
5Honestly, what can you get for PvP in arma that isn't a shitfest?Not talking about organized games here.And not you getting 2 or 3 guys together to accomplish some menial task.
For anyone interested, the anons in Battlefield General are trying to get scans for a Battlefield themed art book.Instructions in pic
8PR essentially has a BF2 crack included in the install, you don't need a legitimate key.
28/8 b8, n1 m8
4That second preview page
4Thread about PRSome weeb comes in asking for help getting his chinese magazinesGG
4a weaboo from a deathmatch game comes in to a pr thread to ask for a chinese comic/v/
free battlefield? neatgo to websiteINSTALLATION GUIDEhookayburn, mount, make a DVD, learn to code, etcyeah no thank you
8playing on american serversin any game I joined a yank server in RO2 because it was off peak hours in Europe.people calling each other autisticpeople pretending to be autisticpeople spamming chat with REEEE normiesgenerally shit teamplay, TL's not doing their jobJesus, it was like a completely different game.
I know it may sound dumb, but can I play it with a controller? I don't think I'll need to crazy aim as a medic or driving
7how have you survived on this planet without knowing how to use a iso file?
0too much buttons for a controller
9responding to obvious bait
1How about a steering wheel? Can I play this game with a steering wheel?
2remember the first time I saw Counter-Strike at a storeread back of the box"tactical" "strategy" buzzwordsthink this might be coolbuy it, go home, installcounter-strike isn't any of these thingsit's all about the game and how you play it. put those same people into any other game and they would act the same way.
people complain about having no micjoin squadguy asks if I have a micsay yesnever say anything againproblem solved
2being that gullible
5playing archer as Talibanprepare for instantaneous assrape from Canadian forces with their C7 laser gunsspawn on known cache, proceed to wait for the next thirty minutes"where the fuck are they?"apparently the Canadian forces had decided to raid the castle because reasonstheir assault fails spectacularly with one of their chinooks going up in flamesafter a few more minutes one more cache becomes knownCanadian forces take forty fucking minutes to knock out that cache, despite there being literally no kebab in the areacontinue playing only seeing one half-assed assault on the first cache from a completely unwatched flank that failed because it only had five or so guys attackinganother cache becomes known, once again with no one defending it but never gets taken outCanadians decide to then build a big ass fob with machine guns and all the works on a hill that's in the middle of nowhereThis entire time the Canadian forces haven't even gotten anywhere near the first cache, even though there were huge holes in our defenses and our whole team was clustered in the valleymfwI'm not going to shit talk new players but the lack of cohesion was shocking.
I've mastered playing "you need to use your mic" games without ever using a mic and communicating by not communicating - instead I just do what I'm supposed to do - be it following orders or simply doing the obvious smart thing at the time that the other players would expect anyway.Is this something doable here too? I've never understood why anyone but a squad leader in a game "needs" a microphone. I don't need to say OH OKAY YEAH ILL DO THAT for them to see me fucking doing it or IM COVERING YOU when they notice they aren't fucking being shot in the back.
0its what i've done in every game that has mics
2I've joined yuropoor servers and experienced the same thing. Seems like it's really common in RO2.
Please tell me it's nowhere near Natural selection II. In that game, made to make some team plays ended up being either a casual stupid hit n run shooter or crazy slavs shouting with their mics 24/7
2thats a good cuck, just listen to orders and do what you're told :-
8Nothing wrong with it.
2You can get away as standard inf without a mic as long as you're not retarded about it. It's useful for a couple things like calling for a medic when you're down or reporting where enemies are, but I've seen plenty of people do fine with only text chat.
2Technically, if you are in a normal squad, you should report enemy sightings.inb4 I just start shooting them and then my squad notices tooThats not how its supposed to be. You are supposed to spot it and wait for sql's confirmation to engage, unless they are already engaging you.
3that's a good cuck, yes it's fine.
get stuck on a squad where nobody says anything
5this
2Only thing you're missing out on in a big way is calling out bad guys - which is kinda big deal - but you'll be fine.Might get bullied every now for not having a mic - but you'll live.
9leave the squad, report the squad leader to the admins.if you're on a good server, they'll take care of it.
3I don't know, I usually play on 40-1 server and I've never experienced it. Then again, only people that use VOIP on EU servers are TL's and maybe SL's.When I played on that american server everyone was shitting the VOIP with irrelevant bullshit. Maybe it's was just a stroke of bad luck and things aren't like that usually.
8Fuck even on my first playthrough I knew how to play a little by watching YT videos. They were even surprised when I told them it was my first time playing.
why do I need a mic?"so you can call for medic and give directions"oh so you mean the stuff that basic battlefield 2 accomplished with it's intuitively well designed communication rose?
2I don't use mic often but when you do it with friends team play is bullshit good even if you're a pack of retards.So much as saying "sniper on roof" when you see it helps everyone in a big way.
How the hell am I supposed to tell friend from foe? Every uniform looks the same if you're more than 20m away from the target, unless you're dealing with insurgents.
3Seeing as the map icons telling you were bodies are is removed than yes you still need a mic.
9No, a Rock Band drum controller is all you need.
3except in PR there's a lack of on screen hand holding to direct you to bleeding man, and the 3D mumble chat lets you easily locate the general direction people are in when they talk.
spawn in the skyfall and diewhat in the fuck
8press 9 to use your parachute
9Every server doesn't have mumble support, especially if it's a new server.
try to join serverPROBLEM WITH YOUR CONNECTION FUCK YOU
8you need fastropes, ask ingame and people will tell you
4theres a lack of on-screen anything that makes friendly fire an extremely common thing.is this realism? is this real life? is friendly fire common?
look at squadssee a guy with a /pol/ taggood lord, here we go again
I bought a cheap $8 desk mic on newegg that works perfectly. You faggots have no excuse.
9this is one of the hardest things to learn in the game imo, takes a lot of time to be able to identify uniforms.the helmets and weapons are usually a good indicator though.
0Friendly fire is common when people don't have to deal with the ramifications of blue on blue and instead opt to sloppily ID targets and engage whenever they want.Which is something inherent to videogames.
2It depends on the server. Like right now I'm waiting to rejoin Merril's Marauders because I got kicked after a squad decided to just walk into my arty strike and all my SLs have to repeat their orders like ten times to get people to follow. People will call out the tactics in-game, but there's room for friendly chatting. I like it, it's comfy. And usually, as long as your SLs are competent, even if everyone else is a monkey the game goes somewhat decently.
0is friendly fire common?It is in vidya because people literally don't give a fuck. It's less common in real life because people are more concerned with knowing what they're shooting at.
3wasn't inherent to battlefield 2.weird. once again PR gets another point in removing the working aspects of game design from the game it uses as it's base.
0friendly fire doesnt happen irl, its a myth made up by jews
5Last time I was on Merrill's Marauders there was some autist mic spamming calling everyone a nigger and team wounding.
3a game forces me to slow down and think about engaging what appears to be a targetinstead of holding my hand and telling me HEY THAT'S A GUY ON YOUR TEAM!!!! DON'T SHOOT HIM WHAT ARE YOU DOING??good riddens, ADHD children who can't understand restraint aren't what the community needs
Look up any video on youtube for this gameit's always cockney euros who are barely understandableHow am I supposed to use team work when everyone talks like that and makes it worse by mumbling or whispering?
0this. nobody blames newbies for not knowing uniforms.protips: US Amry is fairly grey colored, much greyer than MEC's yellow.Russians are very light skinned. they're consistently whiter than UK, Chechen, US, or German soldiers. look at the face if you aren't sure they're a Russian or not.NVA vs US troops is a particularly hard one. look to the helmets, Vietnamese ones are wider.British officers have amusing antennas on top of them, this is a dead giveaway for UK forces.
3working aspects of game design from the game it uses as it's base.Were you in the last thread bitching about not being able to fly a helicoptor and killing your team?
8Sounds like...every night.
2the yanks mistook the french speaking canadians for japaneseI laff errytime.
2the game doesn't force you cause the conversation is about how /common/ friendly fire is in PR, especially over BF2. If it actually forced you then these nerds wouldn't be shooting each other all the time. They explicitly still run on their hardwired twitchgaming mentalities and shoot at what they see.
06it has a thick barrel compared to the M16/M4, it also doesn't have the cutout for the M203. Norwegian SF use C8s as their base platform.
43You're also forgetting that in real life everyone is properly coordinated. That may be possible here but it doesn't mean it's actually going on. In real life absolutely everyone knows where everyone else is or is supposed to be and there are usually several men who do nothing but sit at a table coordinating it all.Without that there'd be a lot more friendly fire issues in real life - it's just that almost nobody on the same side ever really comes upon a friendly by surprise in reality. Even before ever crossing visual sight at all they make sure to warn everyone involved.
2Can't be. I've had decent games on there before. Sometimes there was trash talking after the round was over but that was it.
1I think it depends on the time of day. I've been playing a lot the past couple weeks, and there's usually at least one or two games where somebody just goes full retard and starts spouting racist anti-Japanese nonsense. It tends to happen more towards 10-11 than now though, probably cuz normal people are asleep by almost five in the morning.
0Friendly fire incidents dont happen inside the same squads. They happen between separate entities, that means your regular grunt from squad A wont have communication with regular grunt from squad B, unless they start shouting at each other.
0I used to hate the look of the elcan, but from bf3/4 I fell in love with bipod lmging snipers at long range with it.
6A lot of encounters happen at distances where you can't really tell the color of the targets skin. Same goes for the weapons. There's no problem if there are no friendly troops in the direction of the enemy, but usually there's another squad fucking around without any idea what they're doing.
Plz how much bandwidth does this use?
5 I think that was actually the server I played on. a guy joins and has an autistic monologue throughout the entire round with people constantly telling him to shut up instead of simply muting himI can't say I didn't find it amusing, but still.
9if you have optics you'll rarely be a range where it's impossible to see the brutal whiteness of russians.in general you're correct.
2whats so fundamentally unimmersive about having a working minimap where you can see people around you? It's a translation of things that would otherwise be present in the real-life equivalent of the game world, except physically can't be as it is just a videogame that can't emulate friendly chatter or intelligent planning for fact that it is just a game and not real life.
0PR very nearly has a minimap, you just have to press M to bring it up. you can even shoot and run with it open.
0minimaps aren't unimmersiveyour definition of immersion must be different from everyone else'sas a grunt in the squad you see with your eyes, not with some floating map that shows you at a glance what those maybe-contacts are
7Mumble is in the core game anon, literally every server has mumble squads.0Friendly fire is only possible if you're to retarded to look at the map.3Are you retarded?
0You can always check the map, but technically the squad leader should be the one informing you.
5somebody just goes full retard and starts spouting racist anti-Japanese nonsense.If someone throws on a Texan accent and starts bad mouthing Japs while playing as Americans, I'm ok with that, as long as they don't get carried away with it. Same goes for Jap players, with the broken accent and white piggu go home, and whatnot. It's ok in small doses, but when they start spamming that shit non stop it ruins the game. Maybe the TL is trying to update us on time to arty, I'll never know because autists think they're doing a let's play or something and can't shut their fucking mouths. The moral of the story is, people are retarded.
5Seems cool and all but does it have Populated Australian servers? because if not it'll just be unplayable for me.
0You just have to talk with people on your team. Is that so hard?
8Think you're fighting an insurgency war against Canadian oppressorsCanadian solders are actually being oppressed themselves by a tyrannical commanderyfw while defending your mudhut you look outside and find Canadians slaving away building a castle for their kingsmall under-equipped and undermanned patrols are trying to police the areacan't succeed because all the manpower is committed to building Canadian pyramids in the desertFucking Canucks
There is no argument against using a mic, prove me wrong. If two squads of equally skilled players fought each other, and only one squad had mics, the squad with the mics would win every time. How the fuck can you post on 4chan, yet be afraid to talk to random people in a fucking FPS? Stay the fuck away from PR if you're going to just be a cunt who complains about people not putting up with your shit when you don't have a mic. Oh no I have to talk to people, this is an outrage!I'll just be a lonewolf who does everything on my own!Oh no, we lost...AUTISTS PLEASE GO
this game and it's community are very stupid.
5That's arguable in the modern age where Google Glass is slowly being integrated into the armed forces specifically for things like that.I'm not him, nor am I agreeing with him, I just think that's cool.
0I Think there's an AUS server.8He's just some antisocial faggot that came here to shitpost.Ignore him and his retarded arguments.
0Actually yes! Although it's server, not servers. But hell, even freedomland only has 2-3 half popped servers at any given time
5it's communityoh man
5it'sWho's stupid again?
51-2 before the update for US.CIA was dead for a few months, they brought it back for 1.3
5If you don't speak you are a lone wolfLiterally wrong. A team shouldn't have everyone yelling over each other anyway and unless you're leading the squad or pointing out an enemy, speaking is something you shouldn't even be doing regardless the majority of the time. This isn't a chatroom.Not talking doesn't mean not using teamwork.
haven't played PR in forevergive standalone agoit's some map with carrier for americansno heli squad made yetdecide to make heli squadi flew a lot in my early days, can't have changed that muchliterally whole team is waiting for pilotsmy chopper is swarmed by teammatesremember that i have to wait a whileother players tells me to go go gouncertain if i should because it sounds like it's warming upI take off, slowly and steadilyi scratch an itch on my armrealize i've jerked my mouse sidewayschopper does a 180 flip upside down in matter of secondscrash my huey on the carrier deck, killing odd 10 more teammates including those who sat with meALT+F4UninstallI forgot how nerve wrecking this game can be when you fuck up
5
54Aww shit, guess I better learn how to play this then
3You are supposed to spot it and wait for sql's confirmation to engage, unless they are already engaging you.holy shit, snore.
5They can't prove you wrong.They're just afraid to let people hear their squeaky nasal voices.
4I did that once with ARMA 2 - except it was in the main base - and the explosion may have killed everyone.It was pretty fucking hilarious looking back at it - but at the time I uninstalled and noped the fuck out pretty quick.
Search youtube to see how the game is played usuallyLiterally every fucking upload is from this same one retard's account who plays it like it's still BF2 and has some superiority complexWhy is this literally every result for me? Bluedragon or something.
3other poster is exaggerating a littlebut generally speaking - you don't want to blow your entire squad's position if you're going all sneaky sneak by shooting some lone gookone dude doesnt matter
2Only 1% of people without mics are like you. Try to understand that. If I know someone's a good player and they can't talk right now for one reason or another I won't kick them from my squad.
8You don't have to be some tryhard fagola.Most squads talk shit during gameplay and get serious when something happens.Most fun i've had is playing with 3dac guys talking smack and operating.4I feel for you man.My first time playing I ended up in a squad full of germans that were giant assholes. They just fucked around and told me to do shit that no new guy would understand from the get go.Then they told me to dig a FOB and shot me.I didn't play for two weeks after that.I fucking hate germans.
4mfw flying trans helis for yearsmfw have practically mastered itmfw flying full speed at ground level through the streets of Muttrah while carrying a full squadmfw every 5 seconds they're screaming that we're going to crashmfw we don't
1welcome, good channels.
1Watching him now. Seems to be fine. He just talks a lot because he's the SL in the video I'm watching.
0That's actually part of my point. Just as people with mics aren't always using them properly, people without mics aren't always faggots who run around on their own or don't know how to play as a squad.
9bluedrakexDLOLITS ON YOUTUBE GUYS, COME WATCH ITHave some decency to not market yourself, you fatfuck
3Don't install PR.
5playing as a person living in australiano server under 200 pingoh ok :
6Project RealityJust press Q to make the enemy appear on the minimap!Reality
0The ones I was watching and skipped around in a bit I saw him TKing people half the time obvious ones, as in his other humvee right next to him that was sitting still while freaking out over a group of civilians and shooting literally all of them to death.
9Did you actually look at the link?4Not even the Aus server?
9-bluedrake42-minushave you ever searched the web before?
0They're still annoying as fuck because they won't reply even by text if you ask them something. I have never ever in all my years playing PR met someone that's good that doesn't have a mic.
8You don't walk around with a keyboard or look with a mouse in real life either. I think you might be onto something.
4...Wrong use of greentextnoobsFuck off back to reddit will ya?
3i see the first aus server which has 60 ping, i click on it and 60 ping turns into 200 pingthe 2nd aus server has no players
31My bad, ill admit its first time I see that feature.
2Server ping's fucked m8, just join the server you dingus.Also, Ausbro squad ww@?
2Server browser ping is inaccurate. I often see 150+ for US servers, then join and it's 30.
79well i join the server and it still lags a fair bit
4Yeah, but it lags for everyone. Welcome to the community.
I play a lot of RO2 and always try to work with my squad. Am I gonna hate life playing this game?
1Shilling a modDo you post the exact same thing in Fortress Forever and Project M threads?
5RO2 is pretty babby mode. maybe if you played DH you'd feel a bit at home
2what's the highest ping you can have until it becomes unplayable
5I usually play without any major problems on US servers. That means 100-150 ping.
5how the fuck can you post on 4chan and yet be afraid to talk to peopleYou really didn't think this through, did you. It's like there aren't almost daily "mic shyness and general anxiety" threads on /v/.
5What do the rocks even do?
5500. Not even joking. I've played with euros before and did fine.
5400-500 and above
0It rocks
8Project Realitypull out mapsee wiggling dots of allies all over the mapReality6This sounds slightly better, although the cheeto stained pride shown with 7 and some youtube videos shows a lot of no fun allowed neckbeardism. Is there no happy medium between lolrandomkiddy fun and hyper autists, or do you just need friends for that?
384well shit i guess my 300kbps internet just sucks ass through a crazy straw
3300kbpswat.I thought 100/100MB/s was the standard.
090% of players are that middle ground.They'll scald you for being a fucking idiot, but you'll get a good laugh.At least that's how it was back when I last played a couple of years ago - can't comment on whether the game has actually evolved to neckbeard fuckheads.At the very least give it a go. Unless you're in some 3rd world country Like Australia, where I am the 7 GB install is piss small.
0You need to go outside for that.
8was it yesterday?
0cheeto stained prideYou're acting like some retarded ADD manchild that can't focus on something for more than 3 seconds. I'm all for new players, if they're not retarded.
4nah m8 in australia 1mbps is the standardwhere the hell do you live where 100/100 is the standard?
0and some youtube videos shows a lot of no fun allowed neckbeardismno fun allowed neckbeardism is now a bad thing on /v/
9Well the torrent just finished and I flipped through the manual while it was going. Looks like fun.
8This is /v/."Shill" is now used interchangeably with "Discuss". "A person discussing the game" is now "A shill shilling the game"It's basically a manual word filter these days.
9When ro2 was coming out, I wanted for it to be like PR. I expected for it to be like PR. It wasnt.PR, for me, is the golden combination of teamwork, fun and pvp.
get killedcall for medic for about 3 minutesno response or anythinggive up and respawnsquad leader goes absolutely apeshit that I respawnedloving this game so far
Time to say goodbye to all other shooters.
9You are lucky. You have a squad leader that is able to understand what is going on around him and that is trying to do teamwork.
9First rule of PR: Ask your squad leader before you do anything.Second rule: If you think the situation doesn't require you to ask the squad leader, think again.
9Squadleaders can create temporary respawn points Rallys, he might've been annoyed that you didn't ask for one and now have to walk across the map. Still, shit should be expected from new people.
9nothing will ever beat DH for me
5Actually you need a slight form of autism to be good in a game like PR and ArmA.
9spawn mainalone1200m away from your squadoh noes my SL didn't like ithe could have been waiting to rally you in or for a FOB to go up. always ask. ask ask ask. if not for permission, merely for information.
Could PR run off of a pirated copy of BF2?Would love to play but I wannabe as stingy as possible
 1km mapsthe best size of map yet still somehow manages to take fucking forever to get anywhere on foot, and senselessly has nowhere near enough vehicles to make transport reliable or available when and where you need it. definitely the best use of map space available. 2km mapsmap size becomes excessive and vehicle transports are needed badly if not absolutely required. praying to god who doesn't exist so your prayers will go unheeded that the ACE PILOT doesn't crash his fucking heli. with you inside it; and you can't parachute to safety because every mother fucker loves to hug the ground now, since AA got buffed apparently? looking up to see the trees.the usage of map space is starting to become questionable, since it's 4 times the area of a 1km map. 4km mapsFLYING for literally 5 minutes and literally spending 10 minutes driving, 30+ minutes walking because "what is FOB placement?" only to get killed by a jew in green camo on a map with green bushes and grass, while you're literally wearing a piss yellow and neon-black camo uniform as MEC.99% of these maps are literally EMPTY. FUCKING. SPACE. that no one will EVER walk through, or want to walk through, because THERE IS NOTHING AT THAT LOCATION.FUCKING WHY DO YOU NEED A MAP, *SIXTEEN TIMES THE AREA* OF A 1km?WHY
1you no longer need BF2 to play Project Reality, if you've downloaded v1.3read the fucking instructions holy shit
2Because combined warfare. You would've probably had a fit had you played Battlefield 1942.
2if you require that much time to travel to the front, it makes you avoid death and value your survival more.and actually, you can't parachute to safety at all because only Pilot kits are issued parachuteswhy the fuck does your average line infantry regular need a chute? if he needed one, he'd be a fucking PARAtrooper, genius.
How is the shootan in Project Reality compared to BF2's going prone within two meters of somebody to actually hit them?1The OP clearly stated the mod is now standalone you dolt
2just go back to a game made for people like you
0I know what autism means, what do you think it means?
6shooting was barely any better than vanilla back before 1.0. now you're significantly more accurate. you will have to wait a few seconds for deviation to lessen when you aim, but not very long and it'll give you a perfectly accurate shot.
2
5It's because "newcomer" in this context means someone who's read the manual and is uses voice chat, but is just new to the game itself. Not someone who just installed the game and popped into a match expecting the game to play like every other FPS only to get mad when it doesn't. It's sad I even need to point these things out considering former used to be the norm, not the latter.
7Oh man, the active playercount on this  for PC at least  are pretty abysmal. I almost forgot about it myself
6Because everyone went back to 3 and 4 which are now content-complete and more playable. At least until EA shuts down servers because it cuts into their sequel profits.
Why does the flying feel so weird. I just want to fly heli like in arma 2/3
2planetside 2 has spoiled me with it's safe ejection system i guess. maybe the concept of having resupplyable parachutes that could be grabbed and put on while inside the aircraft is too alien or outside the limitations of the game program. avoid death avoid death
4Sweden.We even have 1Gb lines now.
7It's alot harder and takes some time to master, but when it's done correctly the flightmodel is amazing.load up in littlebirdpilot takes us where we're supposed to goswooping inbetween trees and staying low as to avoidwith the precision of a balet dancer he lands in a small courtyardwe dismount and he's flown off before you can say thanks broI love good chopper pilots.
2I guess i have to play some coop against bots and just learn.
7That's what's recommended from what I understand if you want to learn how to CAS and Trans.I've never bothered though since I really enjoy infantry.But if you want 60+ kills in one round CAS is the way to go.
5Is this sorta like /a3g/?
2Why would you compare a general to a game?And it's like arma 3 except that you won't play against retarded AI.
0How's the optimization? Arma 3 runs like garbage, is this any better?
5If your computer doesn't immediately catch fire from trying to run arma 3, it has more than enough to run this maxed out.
when things go right this game is a fucking blasttold to position myself and some other guy on top of a hillSL tells us not to move and keep eyes on the roadliterally wait there for 15 minutesguy with me keeps complaining about being bored to deathrest of squad is down belowfinally a full enemy squad shows upwait until they get close enoughphone it in to the SLhe gives us the order to firewe pop 2 of them enemy squad all look up to us and scatterrest of my squad pops up from their positions and absolutely eviscerates the stragglers
4Welcome to the gang m8.
4Good worktell someone to wait in ambushjogs off like a retardboot from squadrejoinsbootrejoinsgives away our position by standing up in the middle of a field constantly rejoining my squadambush ruinedIf people aren't willing to wait around for a few minutes between firefights what the fuck are they doing playing PR?
4This is what's going to become of squad.It's going to be insurgency community with bigger maps after 2 months. The only game that has a chance of succeeding the PR spirit will get destroyed by squeakers.
5Bye bye faggot
5Yep, exactly why I haven't bought it and probably won't. The insurgency community is full blown retarded, maybe 40 good players in my whole goddamn country.
4mfw seeing an enemy squad all hit the deck at the same time after seeing one of their own get clippedmfw i'm so well hidden they have no idea where the shot came frommfw I hoof it back to where my squad is only to be tked by some dickhead despite saying that a friendly is incoming
5It's a real shame, before /v/ knew about it and it had a small community the matches played out as small scale infantry skirmishes in PR.Lots of teamwork and people not using the mic got booted from servers. Now the people who use their mics are retards if you don't find a good server.I'm still mad.
5Oh, who am I kidding I'll buy squad in a vain hope and probably quit it after like a month because of the community. I know it.
4spend the entire round sitting in an AA gun and waitingmanage to disable 4 tanks using LAT and HAT in between sessions of sitting in the AAplace 3rd in the scoreboard
3I wouldn't blame /v/, I blame free weekends and its similarities to cod.
1Yeah, free weekends played the largest part in the games destruction.
7I'm coming in from the north don't shoot meGODDAMNIT WHAT DID I JUST FUCKING SAY
9I hope so
1Naw bluedrake is sexy mate
7he's like the PR communitys pewdiepie these days.
9Bluedrake is sexy mate look at his can vids
But i can just play Arma 2 insurgency. Unless PR has maps the size of Takistan and Zargabad.
0tfw I get better framerate in arma3 than prWhat the fuck
7playing PRbluedrake joins the squadhe constantly tries to take command and fucks everything upgets mad if you don't do what he says even though he is just the auto riflemanbecause 3-4 people are following him like idiots our squad gets nothing doneblames it on the SLBluedrake is a cuck and a faggot and he's bad at PR
9actually getting a hubris from being a e-celeb in a small communityHe really seems like a giant faggot.
29652p1628Aww yeah 1  Shilling a mod Advanced warfare
6The worst bit is he tries to get everything done right away, which almost always means getting surrounded and shot to shitI watched him and his little half a squad charge right at an occupied building and get torn to shreds, then they just respawned and had a crack at it from a different direction, and all died because they're still just running directly at a building full of enemies.Then he started just having a little cry about how it was because the whole squad wasn't working together. He's a stupid shitter.
8What's your face when you do?
Are there any wounds that a medic can't just tickle you back to life from?
OP please delete your threadWe don't need more shitty people joining the game
0is this realism? is this real life? is friendly fire common?ask NATO, whatever they are doing there is ALWAYS collateral damageoh and don't even get me started with afghan army, shitfest of GREEN on BLUE
3I still like to believe that he pulls some good stuff off from time to time.But generally all his videos revolve around him and his squad getting shot to shit. And he always makes up some excuse as to why it isn't his fault.Although some of the DRK guys are breddy good. Stormtrooper for example, love that guy.
Too bad many servers don't have the mumbel yet. Now I have to takbir on my own.
5Well, if someone drops a JDAM on your head you ain't getting back up.
8what military force incurs no collateral damage
9 You seem like the kind of guy who was in his live stream last night  You and BD in APC, you are gunner BD: Shoot this thing in front of us You face wrong direction and ignore BD BD: SHOOT THE THING IN FRONT OF US You walk away like a remtard  Entire squad dies you are mad that you were kicked from the squad so come on 4chan to complainBD doesn't give commands as AR as this would be retarded.
6All servers have mumble.It's integrated into the mod.Try tabbing out and closing the mumbleclient in your taskbar if you can't ´hear anything. It automatically restarts when you tab back in.
9Top assumptions bro, do you have trouble being heard on mumble with all those dicks in your mouth?
9There's actually Bluecuck fanboys?Is this real life?
18its b8
you have been BANNED from the server: the game
6
2Strange, I had servers where there was no mumble and in chat they said the server still had to validate it or something. Didn't hear anyone else speak and it worked on other servers.
Very fucking hyped. How does this compare to desert combat - one of my favorite games of all time?
8"okay guys, I'm gonna put this pressure plate mine on the doorway""the roadblock is blocking the door anyway, so there shouldn't be a way you run into it"1 minute later some friendly walks into itI managed to actually kill 2 enemies by placing the mine on the same spot later. Also killed a couple with a good Mine IED. God I love blowing people up.But the thing that beats that is a kit with a PKM and Binoculars.proning on a rooftop in fallujah, just chilling and scanning the surroundingssee a 6 man US blob next to the gas stationproceed to light them up with the glorious PKMsee dust kick up from the ground and puffs of blood as the 7.62×54mmR's tear through their squadfew manage to hide behind a low wall but finally eat a couple of rounds as they try to spot the person engaging themwait a few minutes till I'm sure that they've all given uprelocateI love this mod.
5That second sentence is all goof'd, I need muh coffee.
9I've never EVER experienced this.What servers was this on?8Never played it, but just youtube Project Reality gameplay and you'll see for yourself.5The ride never ends.
noob here, how come i can only play as rifleman?whenever i choose a different kit, it says "choose different kit" lol
6So fucking tired that I didn't even stop to Think that it was b8.1This on the other hand.
7You need to buy the premium version.
5prone on a roof as Somalian militiabuddy has bino's I have a PKMhe gives a bearing and a distance and I just light up vague shapes in the distancehelps walk my shots onto targettaking down half a squad at 400~m as they try to cross a street only for them to find out there's a techie squad there that our SL alerted over the radiopull back into the centre of the roof while we hear some .50 machine guns going apeshit a few blocks awayTruly the GOTY of all years
0Tactical Battlefield Mod. It's Project Reality ArmA 3
7Don't take a different kit. Tell the squadleader that you're new and he will assign you a kit.If you do decently as a rifleman he might let you play with the AR.
9fuk u
9Seen some gameplay on that from devildog, doesn't seem to be nearly as organised and looks more like smaller skirmishes.I'll check it out though, sounds interesting.
5I ahd it on 2 servers, a finnish one and =OSF= I think.
2Oh, i've never heard of those two. They might be new.Play on New/HOG/PRTA/Free Candy Van/ CIA Kokan and Hookers.
2I played on CIA and remember it working there. Maybe it's with new servers.
5I played since 0.8X and now I am scared of playingNo one will listen to anyone, people will waste kits, and assets, etc.Thanks
2It's not that bad honestly.All my games yesterday were decent enough, it feels like some guys are getting a grip of the game already.My squad had like three new guys in it and we played top squad and generally did a good job. There was some confusion from time to time though, you could really notice that the medic got stressed out.
2ground vehicles and aircraft need specific kits too right? how do you get those
0stand at the vehiclePress TkitsCrewman
7my first playthroughNigga wut?
2some guys started building a FOB near another building near a cache, it was weird. Not far away stood an empty humvee, on the side towards the cache, basically towards the enemies.
0Don't join a asset squad if you're new.Assets are really important to the team and losing them means losing alot of tickets.I won't be an asshole and not tell you how to do it though.If you want to drive/ be a gunner in an APC or tank you join the respective squad and take a crewman kit from a crate or APC.If you want to fly trans you join the trans squad and if you're going to do CAS you join the CAS squad. The kits are named Crewman and pilot.
6being a shitter who steals assets and doesnt join squadsLOL
be meplay PRkill few american soldiersRP spit on their dead bodiesthe rest of the squad spits tooget bannedIt was fun while it lasted.
8wat
7my niggai love you
6You're probably the asset thief people were bitching about on PRTA yesterday.
0Don't use assets if you are newI hate you
8read these 84
8Just don't drive your APC right up at like 10 enemy squads on its own and lose the assets like an asshole ok buddyThat's literally all you have to do
764OI i never took any assets at alli went rifleman, joined a squad and helped in all the matches i've played so farim a gud guy man IM A GUD GUY
7encouraging a new to APC.Why
1I was just letting you know that you should hold off on taking assets for a while. Didn't mean anything bad by it.
6He has to learn some time and its not hard to do, its just a big humvee.
0A really important humvee that will do more good with someone that knows what they're doing.He could be gunner though.
Attention fuckboys who keep taking sniper kits:You are useless by yourself, you need a spotter and usually a third man as a medic. This is because you NEED security, the mobility of the rope, heals, people to spot for you as looking down the sniper's scope has about one hundredth the field of vision binoculars have, and most importantly you need someone with a radio to mark the map and call in air support to make use of your intel.How to use a sniper rifle kit in project reality:1. Make a squad called 'sniper squad' or whatever2. Get 3 people in it3. Get a sniper, a spotter, and a medic4. Skulk around in the grass/hills/rooftops, etc. shooting at enemies and reporting all your see to other squads5. Run as soon as you've been spotted. Always run if the enemy knows where you are.
im new and now im not gonna join any squads and im just gonna use vehicles and none of you can do anything about itthanks goys :^
2Unless he's the squad leader he'll be told where to drive and park etc anyway, well, providing he has a non-retarded SL, but if that were the case it wouldn't be his fault anyway.I'm not seeing a downside to a new player driving. A new player making decisions, yes, but driving, no.
1You've changed my mind anon.3none of you can do anything about itYou're going to get banned within 5 minutes and you can't even get some kits without a squad.
3it autokicks you if you dont join a squadit autobans you if you take a vechicle while not in a vechicle squadHave fun.
3enjoy walking miles alone, with the shittiest kits, and getting auto kicked every 2 minutes
make a squad with normal name - nobody joinsmake a squad with allah akbar name - gets full instantlyKek
is PR playable on my piece of shit Intel HD Graphics 2.66GHz 4GB Ram?
6doubt it. I get like ~40 FPS on my POS computer at min settings but at least it has a graphics card.
3This is the best way to get useful information from people on the internet165
1This so god damn much.Every single game there's some filthy pleb that will take the sniper and refuse to let it go.It doesn't even matter if you try to explain it to them.
5Yeah you sure rused those guys into providing information that is already in the thread that they've been giving freely to people for nearly 6 hours.What a master rusemasterman you are anon, totally sugoi
1Who /Penis squad/ here?
2Yeah, here I am trying to teach some new guys how to git gud. And along comes that guy.I'm supposed to do my ISO assignment but I fucking can't stand math.Swear to god that i'm worse than a 4th grader at trigonometry.
1mfw i saw a squad called "MEME LORDS"mfw I was a part of it
4You know what i mean, if you want to excel in those games you need to be a huge military head and like being ordered around and order around people. You roleplay a soldier and try to immerse yourself into the role 100% You can't just expect to jump into those games and half ass it and expect to do good because believe me that there will be a lot of other super serious players against you and then you will get raped.
How have they made the game standalone? Did EA let them use the BF2 engine for free?
2They don't sell BF2 anymore and gamespy is down for the count so you don't need a CD-key to play online.
2It wasn't me that said it lolAre you taking dope atm?
mfw I'm going to download this gamemfw I'm going to make a squad called "Le Ebin Reddit squad"mfw everyone is going to join itmfw I won't listen to ordersmfw It'll be Takistan Life all over againmfw there's nothing you can do to stop me
squad crawling through the bushesSL tells everybody not to get upone dumbass stands up and instantly gets nailed
9Its cause PR runs adware in the background processess to silently make money for these shitheads while you play their unfun game simulator. Why else would so many people defend this fucking game when literally any other option exists even including just the base Batttlefield 2 game?PR is a gigantic waste of time and hard drive space for something that misses the mark as hard as it does. yfw project reality team abandoned support for the Arma version of their mod, probably after realizing they were in fact trying to emulate Arma within BF2 the whole time.
2muh weaponsmuh moist nuggetmuh m4/m16muh reload animationsmuh tacticsfuck, I guess you're right.
0except any decent server admin will just ban you
6What I mean is if you don't need BF2 installed they must be providing the BF2 engine in the download. Did EA let them do this?
7why is this bird so sad;_;
6You still haven't left?
2How can he ban me if I'm behind 7 proxies?
0Takistan Lifepls no
2Why would they need the engine when you don't even need the CD-key?They've been developing content for this game for like 7 years or something, merging the PR files with a BF2 install and providing a torrent isn't that hard for them.
0takistan lifeTrigger warning that shit
9He might be a faggot but he is not bad at PR, last night he took 1st place two times in a row.
2Nah man the flight model in PR is just garbage and unintuitive. Theres no logical reason for them to have changed it from BF2 physics and controls other than to be contradictory special snowflakes.
I won't play because teamwork is necessary and I don't have a mic.
4he will ban your proxiesKappa123
8Wow, the real MVP.You have to realise that any squad with more than 3 to 5 veteran players are prone to take top squad at the moment.
2Will you ever stop going on about bf2? No one fucking cares and you don't belong in this thread.
4They are not IP bans. They'll give you a HWID ban. Your proxies do nothing my child.
1ban everyone who "doesn't play the game right" and "ruins the immersion of the cripples who wanted to join the military but weren't accepted"wonder why only a hundred people worldwide play the gameIntelligence doesn't seem to be a requirement to be a part of the PR community.
0PR is a strange game. I love being competetive in other FPS games and I get upsed if I have a bad k/d.This mod is completely different. I actually enjoy playing it just because of the teamwork and coordination. Stats don't matter, unless of course you go 0-17.I'm glad you don't want to play. I'm also glad that retards who just join servers to fuck around get banned.
1Yeah it's basically beta so the performance is horrible at times and it has a really long way to go before it comes to the level and organization as PR's PVP but when it works it is even better then PR. It has huge potential.
6Stay mad queerbait.
9You get enjoyment out of shitposting like this?
9Play by the rules or get out. It's not a difficult concept.The game is centered around these rules in order to be fun. If you don't want to play by the rules this game is not for you and you should play something else. And yes, any game involving teamwork dies relatively fast because of ADD chilluns like you.
9
6gets BTFOrealises that no one gives a fuck about what he has to says-stay mad q-queerbaitYou're one giant faggot son.9Sounds noice. Will probably try it out this weekend.
4any game where random people on the internet dont suck my cock sucks and they deserve to be banned for playing it as a game instead of playing it like I do, as a real life simulator never put down that shovel just keep digging you're bound to make it to china one day.
those loading speeds
6I would rape you in any milsim games.
1But still EA has the rights to the Battlefield 2 engine, i am also a bit curious about this, how they can just take their engine and release a free game on it.
4It's not legal, they're just hoping that EA won't care since you pretty much can't even purchase bf2 these days.
3being this seriousjej
9Top of the leaderboard with over 1000 points higher than 2nd place. And that was with like 1 kill and 1 death so he must have been doing some sick teamwork.
2so upset that he's unable to greentextWould you join a CS:GO match only to grief? That's basicly what you're saying.3Okay, I guess.Why did you tell me that? I bet you could. It's not like I implied that I was some genius armchair general.
2what is this alien anime picture?
get into chopper door gunmow down at least 15 team mates in basejump out and grenade the chopper 8 more people dieget kicked from serverim crying with laughter bros, hold me
6Yeah, he was playing SQL building fobs and rolling up on flags with the team.Or am I wrong?
6Enjoy mate.
0brosYOU'VE MADE A SERIOUS MISTAKE COMING HERE
6Looking at one of devildogs videos right now. How many players are we talking here? Less than 40v40?
5Why play this when I can play arma 3? What make PR better?
8Why play this when I can play arma 3?because arma 3 is an absolute piece of dogshit that NEEDS mods to be playable
8tfw it was me making the bigguysonly squadfuck you dude our squad won the match on muttrah
8if youre playing arma 3 youre either on public servers which are fucking retarded or youre in a community who requires you to join, and play on their scheduled playtimes and be part of their own circlejerk. And dont get me started on the list of mods you gotta download.PR is much more straightforward, and easier to get into. YOu just join a server, join an infantry squad and follow your squad around.
2It's a mod with a tight knit community.There are certain rules to the game, they are simple and easy to learn, if you are willing to learn.There is a manual. There are squads for new players and players who are willing to teach others.This isn't a game that you can simply hop into, take a tank and go "blow shit up".If you can't get enjoyment out of coordination, teamwork and being a part of the team instead of being a rambo, this game is not for you.I've played for +6 years. I was confused as fuck when I first tried PR, but it has grown to become my favourite FPS game I've ever played.If you have trouble with teamwork, you can either learn or get banned as you waste assets, kits and become a burden. I'm not going to have fun playing if some retarded meme-spouting nigger takes our MBT and drives it straight into a mine. This is why there are bans, this is why there are rules.tl;dr = there are rules to this game, if you are willing to learn them, good. If not, gtfo.
Well, after reading this thread I definitely do not want to play with you faggots.
0big guys onlyon 4chanit's funny not because what's true in real life, but because it's a meme!
9This is what I hate about Arma. Love playing it but public is ass and good servers require you to join these communities and force you to be active.
1Good, I didnt want to play with you anyways
here's a question, why the fuck does the manual have different controls than in the options in the game?
6People take this game way too serious, you can survive and contribute without a mic but just like in that thread there are people who fly off the handle if you don't throw out military lingo every 10 seconds in your mic.
8It's simple, hop into a server and experiance unit cohesion and realistic pvp based warfare with firefight at times escalating into pure chaos where you and your combat bros lives are hanging by a thread, it sounds and feels like how a real firefight would play out irl, There is just something about you and your squad in a firefight between another human enemy squad, it's exciting and something you can't experience anywhere else atm. When you get into a good squad and have a fun one and a half hour round with constant combat and epic moments you will love it if you are a sucker for tactical shooters.
6He was on the other team so i'm not sure what he was doing. Sounds about right tho.
6nice english skills retard
9there are people who fly off the handle if you don't throw out military lingo every 10 seconds in your mic.I hate faggots like this, it's 100% autismal tryharding.It wouldn't be so bad if they had made up their own lingo and encouraged you to remember and use it but getting asspain because the new guy doesn't know what "Bravo Mike Papa 2 at your 12, 13-13 Delta India Charlie Kilo, Reccomend use Romeo Papa Golf 7 to terminate target, I sierra uniform charlie kilo, space, charlie oscar charlie kilo over" means is just stupid.
9Tour of Teamrespawn. Weekend co op action where you get kicked if you don't follow orders. No joining clan needed. It is the most realistic experience i have ever had in a game. No mods no teamspeak no bullshit.
Playing HAMASkilling IDF jewsThe best
6kek'd
9playing HAMASsomething explodesentire squad on the micALLAAAAAAAAAHUUUU ACKBARgave away our position more than oncemfw
6"Hey pilot, drop us to Lima 8, keypad 5, with crates if you have them""Uhh I got enemy at one 'oh' five, 200 meters out"Then theres all the necessary acronyms you gotta know, HAT, LAT, FOB, CAS, etcThat's the regular shit you hear. I've never heard anyone go all "PAPA TANGO FOXTROT WE GOT 15 KIA, NEED CASEVAC, DURR HURR OSCAR-15 PUT ROUNDS ON MY SMOKE!"
4thank, english is my 4th language
People who don't enjoy games such as PR and ArmA have shitty personalities.
6The best part is I know a guy who works in a comm unit in army not burgerland but euro army and he lauhgs his ass off when he tries to play some arma and hears the constant bullshit tryharding and people trying to sound like voice samples from operation flashpoint.Nobody speaks like that unless you are really trying to spell something letter by letter
5Yeah I get all that shit because I played Arma regularly back in the day, coordinates and shit is fine.On numerous occasions I did get full blown virtual jarhead radio monkeys spouuting autastical shit when there's no need.In a game all about effective communication, I really hate it when people do that shit
4Nobody speaks like that unless you are really trying to spell something letter by letterFucking this.I dont know how those tryhard niggas fuck it up.
After watching some gameplays I'm getting really strong America's Army 2 vibe from it.Will I have fun if I played AA for a fuckton and actually was a leader of a succesful clan?
6America's Army 2tfwAA3 is complete shit since day 1, it basically turned in CS
Reminder to never ever play on candy server.
6It is NOTHING like AA2. AA2 was just a glorified CS clone.
8I know, that is why I'm looking for a replacement, this shit seems like it
6AA2 skillset transfers over pretty well. Just gotta remember it takes 3 seconds to stabilize your infantry weapon before firing, vehicles take a warm up time especially turrets on tanks, LAVs etc, even 50BMG on humvee/techies take like 15-30 seconds before you can fire, doing pre-firing checks or whatever.Besides that its still just cover, flanking, suppression, defilade, enfilade, etc, all that good shit
2glorified CS clone.Nigger are you for real?
2I didn't really get a CS impression from AA2, maybe it's just the people I played with, but AA3 was exactly a CS clone
5Are the maps smaller than Arma 2/3?
2It is the most realistic experience i have ever had in a gameNo mods no teamspeak no bullshiti see you don't play much games
7What's different? Could be a mistake with the manual, there's some things on there that aren't updated for the current version.
One of the worst things about PR are the SL's who force kits on people. The ones that don't ask if anyone wants to be the medic."Hey, noobturd6000, take the grenadier""Shitheelfaggot", take the LAT"xXm4rineXx, you go with the AR""and YOU anon, I want you to be the rifleman!""Hey, could I go as a grenadier, I've done that role a thousand times. Or can I atleast be the medic so I can support you guys?"NO, DIDN'T YOU HEAR, I ALREADY DESIGNATED THE MEDIC KITS TO WimpMcTits and AfkW0m8atproceed to fail and die for the next 40 minutesAll it takes is one question. What kits do you prefer? no marksmen or snipers.
5enfiladethe mic and talk keys
6*assigned, not designated.. whatever.
2Voice chat is through mumble, the in-game keys refer to BF2s VOIP which every server has disabled. You change push to talk through the launcher settings.6Just leave the squad if they do that bullshit. You already know you're not going to enjoy it, maybe they'll learn to lead properly when nobody puts up with their crap.
Fucking pilots, those bastards are crazyGuys asks where I want to goTell him I want to get to squad 5fucker sonic through alleys and takes 90 degree turns on streets with a fucking hueylands in a small alley right where my squad isOr at the beginning of the matchsame guywhole squad in helitakes us far into the citysame fucking crazy waywe set upenemy transports ambushed with AT and LMG16 kills
6I always ask people to volunteer for kits and at least let me know when they want to swap.Nothing worse than everyone spawning at a fob with no crate and the nitwit who was medic has gone something else.ask who wants to go medic, AR, breacher, LAT, grenget volunteers and usually end up with 2 medics because people like helpingProper teamwork in PR makes me feel all warm and fuzzy
3flying through streetsapparently you have to because every time i see a heli in the sky, it gets raped by AA
8ArmA III needs addons to work properly, PR doesn't.ArmA III has sluggish and sometimes gameplay-breaking animations, PR doesn't.ArmA III needs atleast 980 to run at stable 30 frames, PR doesn't.ArmA III costs money, PR doesn't.ArmA III doesn't have good online servers that arent private, PR does....
4fucking moron arma 3 requires a good cpu not gpugpu doesnt matter at all
1I know, it's just beautiful what those guys can do
8What the fuck are you on about?
0never played arma 2 with ace, acre, zeus and SLXwith ex-DEVGRU operatorswith oculus riftwhy even liveinb4 FUCK YOU ARMA 3 IS BETTER
class="quote"tfw this all i listen to when i run trans heli
So, what is this game?Its it just Battlefield 2 with better graphics?
4ArmA III needs addons to work properly, PR doesn't.False.ArmA III has sluggish and sometimes gameplay-breaking animations, PR doesn't.False.ArmA III needs atleast 980 to run at stable 30 frames, PR doesn't.False. I have a i5 quad 3.0Ghz GTX580 8 gig and get stable 30fps on a good multiplayer server.ArmA III costs money, PR doesn't.Valid point.ArmA III doesn't have good online servers that arent private, PR does.False.
4with ex-DEVGRU operators
4I did all that on A2 but i also play with a milsim/roleplay unit on the weekends that run the game pure vanilla with ingame voip and it is hands down the best teamwork i have ever been apart of. It's basically the best PR squad you have ever been apart of every single game.
1lol'd
5I don't understand why this exists when we have 3 Operation Flashpoints and 3 ARMAs.I guess there is a small segment of 20 BF2 holdovers with toasters that can't even run OF:CWC?
prOtiPWhen creating a thread, only post the link to the Manual. It contains the download links, and forces people to at least acknowledge the manual. 
6tfw I got 40-50 fps on 100 player altis life servers.tfw i'm probably going to get more with my memecard.
9Against AI.
5Why would I want to play Battlefield: Autism?
9I did all that on A2i played with ex-DEVGRU operators on arma 2interesting
9Hey newguy, i'm home now and will probably play some PR soon.Join up on the PRTA EU server and look for loerk if you wanted some help.
5It's easier to play, doesn't require pre-planning and is drop in friendly.
5people having fun and talking smack while shooting chechensautism.Pick one
1And? The game is best played against AI, you can have some very lengthy and realistic OPs
3I highly doubt you did that. I did play with ex military afghan vets tho for a short period of time.
be new playerget seperated with squadcrouched at street corner near enemy positionsteammate is in the window in the building across the street he has an MGwait in same position for 2 minute straight, try to figure out map positions, etcsee other player coming toward mehis uniform looks the same as minedon't shoot, scratch headhe is literally 3 meters in front of meteammate in window starts HOSING him with the MGWHAT THE FUCKpop a few rounds into himteammate types "shit are you ok? i'm a bad shot"inspect his uniformhe was an enemytype "yeah im ok i got him lol"my first killthis game is growing on me
3Well the AI is completely retarded for starters. Even if you modify the AI they're retarded and they'll only kill you if they have superior number or are supported by IFVs or MBTs.
3wait until you're lying in a ditch with an enemy IFV on your head at the same time as enemy infantry is hammering the shit out of your squad.Gets intense bruh.
9Sure they could use some patching but they are far from retarded.
3the hilarious part is when the enemy and i saw each other, we didn't know we were enemies because the uniforms looked so similiar since we were both noobs and he walked down an entire 50 meter street towards me while looking at metop game
7shoot at AI in open terrain.they go prone and don't moveif you're more than 500m away they won't fire backif you get in range you can zigzag between them and they won't hit you.The AI is pretty bad anon.
Just downloadedIt plays above 40fps on my piece of shit laptopFeels good man
27Although, my friend ran a DayZ overpoch server that had some decent enemy AI.They'd move around and try to track people down. And if you moved in a straight line they'd smack you from 2-400m
5newguys meet eachother on the battlefield.flv
Do you think the author of the Witcher books likes the video games?
No
he likes the tv series
He's openly said no in interviews.
Of course not.Do you think Geogre Randy Rompus Martin likes the TV show?
6...yeah?
186Then why the fuck did he let people make video games of his seriesopen your mind retardeds
6raymond richard you dipshit
9money
9why wouldn't he? it's free publicity for his series
5He likes the money
He's extremely butthurt because they are more popular than his books.
6He does. Even wrote some of the episodes.He is quoted saying he prefers the TV show more than his own books.
7Why? His stuff is just LOTR fanfic material with a Mary Sue protagonist.
7His books were irrelevant outside of Poland before the games came out.
8Why not? They're great. Do they take huge liberties with the story or something?
0He said something along the lines of:Video games can't tell a story properly, they're pretty much fan fictionWhich I find hilarious because the games are better written than his series.
7outside of PolandActually Witcher was pretty popular around Europe before games.
0The books are more gritty, believe it or not, but also more "fantasy" like. Less Game of Thrones, more Grimm brothers fairytale.
Do you think he likes the games?
6I'm Norwegian, and I am pretty sure the books werent even sold around here before the games came out. My uncle who reads every single fantasy book that comes out, hadnt even heard of Witcher before the games were released. Maybe its more known in central Europe, like slav countries and Germany.
1Yes.
0Do they take huge liberty with the story?Are you kidding? CDPR made it so that dozens of sapkowski's characters can die. Some are optional/related to decisions, but if he were to proclaim the games as canon, he'd have literally nothing to ever write about aside from geralt and yennefer since even Ciri can die in the bad ending. Now that I think of it, in the ultra-bad ending I think its heavily implied that geralt does too.
1I sure fucking hope so, I want more Metro games.
0Wonder if the fucking faggot has played any games since the NES
8Can you just not spoil like a dick?
0The first and third game are on par with the saga. None of the games are as good as The Last Wish or Sword of Destiny though.He's like Robert E. Howard in that he's great at writing short stories, but meh at full novels.
9Where the fuck did you hear that ? He doesnt.
4It's your fault for even being here. You've had 12 days to beat it. Stay out of threads related entirely to the witcher's story.
Do you think he likes the game? tfw no A Boy And His Dog game
8I guess that would be annoying, but I haven't read the books yet. It still doesn't make sense that he would give them the freedom to do that with his IP and then bitch about it later.
1I've always wondered how sci-fi/fantasy is in European countries like France, Germany, Poland, etc.
9You dont understand. He dont like games, he never believed it could be succesful. Rights for witcher had some shitty mobile game company, CDPR asked him if they could buy it. He didnt care, so they got rights probably for 100 zlotych and bottle of vodka. He have absolutely no money from games.
3IF he hates games, he wouldn't voiced AM
3He voiced AM in the game. What do you think?
0Well, no, they don't have the same potential as books do because of the logistical nightmare of player freedom and choice. Calling it fanfiction is a bit harsh though. They're some of the better, more well written games that have come out in a long time.
2Space between the end of the sentence and your question mark. Comment ca va?4If you were on the road to getting that ending in the first place, you deserve being spoiled.
8Geralt and yen are dead already. CDPR retconned the end of the books to have both a clean slate and free license to do as they please with the characters. I believe sapkowski is back to writing more but they're prequels to his story.
3No.
7Yeah I know, its my fault.But it takes so long to beat on Death March, even with using Active Shield. I am in Velen, and I am just level 4 and all enemies are way higher level.
5baron is his self insert
7Central Europe was obsessed with Witcher. Czech even had better translate than original.
8He needed vodka money but he swore never to write another witcher novel. A promice he broke when he recently released A Sword of Storms.
7A Sword of Storms.Was he hoping he could get a few sales from people confusing his series with ASOIAF? I heard that one wasn't well received anyway.
he probably shut the fuck up when those royalty checks came rolling in
0But they didn't die. At the end of the novels they are very much lucid, though in pain. I'm not talking about Ciri's wedding story which was obviously a lie, but the part before that, where they're surrounded by apple trees.
5He have nothing from games.
5I personally think 1 and 3 surpass the saga easily. But yeah, Sapkowski is a better short story writer. The Last Wish was a really great read and Sword of Destiny was just as great.8I don't remember if he called them fan fiction or not, but his response to the games has overall been cocky and dismissive.
He's an old man who sees the games as fanfictions of his work, which they are in a way.He doesn't really dislike them, but he doesn't play them, and he'd like to just write his books. Not liking something doesn't mean he dislikes them.
0Then leave before you're spoiled. Do what every smart person who browses /v/ does when a game comes out. Leave this shithole until you beat it. It's pretty hard to get that ending anyways. Like the Shepard death scene in ME2. So you really havent been spoiled much of anything as of yet.
0You have the mind of a child if you believe he inst being paid royalties.
5He better like the video games, they're bigger than his books.Which means his books can now be exposed to the first world, and he can say he finally made it.
7And you have the brain of a miscarried fetus if you think he gets even a cent when he sold the rights.
7Dude i get it, thats how it works with Meme of thrones author and in Burgerland. Sapkowski never made any contract with CDPR or anything at all, they asked for rights and he pretty much only said "take it".
3My mistake, the book is called A Season of Storms. It's a Prequel to Blood of Elves.
anyone from 40'sliking video gameshow retarded can u get OP?
2miscarried fetus
6in heavily catholic polandNot to mention he said many times he dont like games.
2
2TO say that he SOLD the rights is to say that he relinquished them. Which is wrong because he just wrote a book.Whether he charged a lump sum or gets money per project, he IS being paid. You're a retard for even arguing.
5he barely even liked his own novels.
2He sold the rights to "The Witcher". This just includes the full rights to the Witcher games CDPR make.He still owns the actual brand my friend.That's why he's still writing books. The agreement was a set payment and a percentage of all profits in royalties I believe. There was a video of a business related to the company and their games public talk, given by both co-owners, Marcin, and that other guy I can't recall the name to, where they went into more detail about it.
2He sold the rightsIf you think he even gets a centYou're arguing with yourself. Did he sell them or not? Because you cant sell something for free.
4They died. Ciri just used the talking unicorn powers to put them in a happy afterlife together.
why do polish metalheads love Witcher so much?
2The agreement was a set payment and a percentage of all profits in royaltiesArgument straigth from amerifat ass.Think what you want, he dont want to have anything with games and one of the reasons he hate them is because he have no money from them for alcohol.
1Americans are asleep. This is morning Europe and Evening Australia /v/ now.
9If there was even the slightest subtle hint to that, I'd buy it. Seems to me she simply put them somewhere safe to recuperate, then ciri left as to not put them in danger.
5he's famously a butthole that shows up to cons drunk and insults everyone. also only the early short stories are any good, everything he wrote after that is garbage. from the interviews you can tell that he's super butthurt about the games because a. he sold the rights years ago for a pittance because he had no foresight and b. now he would like to be involved but cdpr isn't going to hire this bafoon when they have their own writers that aren't unreliable alcoholic has-beens.he's kinda like alan moore except moore has the talent to back up his eccentric behavior and sapkowski is a one-hit wonder with his head up his ass.
9I find it hard to believe that creating a fucking afterlife is easier than healing some wounds.
0The parts where geralt was with regis/dandelion/milva/cahir/agouleme were great parts of the saga though. Especially when they were chilling in toussaint.
9It is, for Ciri. She tried to heal them, Triss did, nothing.
9They didn't die, Sapkowski himself said they lived.
4in heavily catholic polandIt's not 1989 anymore Anon.
5Rats lessons and Geralt getting crippled was best moments for me. So much satisfying when cocky bastards get put to ground.
2metal music, fantasy fiction, neopaganism and neonazism are closely related in modern eastern european culture.
3Ciri barely has control over her ability to teleport to places that actually EXIST. Hell, she didn't evenmanage to get back to her time and place by herself the lady of the lake opened a portal for her. and you think she so suddenly obtains the ability to CREATE places?
0Sounds like a bit of a bullshit. Atleast one former cdpr person had diffrent things to say.This guy didnt want to be involved in W3 either. Hes shortsighted old coot still, true.
6Because Sapkowski was born after 1989, i see. And Poland along with Ireland and Italy are still most catholic eu countries.
9She didn't create it. She just opened a gate to it.And then she and Gallahad went off to meet Merlin
7Why are you getting mad at me ? That was in books, she left them there and then went to Britanny to fuck with Arthur or whatever she did with him.
7loool this faggot over here all "my name is not important.We supposed to be impressed by your edgieness, you greasy-haired needle dick?
5Sapkowski is an atheist.
1What does it change ? Just like every over 50y old polish person, he hates games.
1more known in central Europe, like slav countries and Germany.That's true. Before games came out, Witcher was already well known in Russia.
slaveswritingsomeone should just direct him to nearest toilet
7Witcher has a very different tone to the LOTR.
3I'm not getting mad, I just dont know where you're getting this afterlife stuff from. At no point in the books did she have the power to do anything other than create unstable portals. Yet you say she creates pockets of time and space that souls can go to as an afterlife. Seems to me, she found a way to heal them to the point where they could survive with some rest, then ran off, likely never to see them again because she cant aim her abilities for shit.
9This guy didnt want to be involved in W3 either.sour grapes. he's obviously insulted that they're not begging for his involvement.
4Yeah, it's edgy and grimderp.
0She did have the unicorn helping her at that time.
8Cool buzzwords.
903They didn't fucking die, this isn't even an argument anymoreLink related, Sapkowski told CDPR he didn't die
He has already said that he didn't care for them. He sees games only as shooters and Witcher is pretty much the same for him
3great character
The guy who writes the main Metro books apparently really enjoys them.
4Goddamn old people
5Of course not.
3Yep, i even reloaded when he hanged himself 2 hours old save just to let him live. Didnt like character so much since Bonhart.
5so explain this 
I doubt it. The game is poorly written. It just is.  It doesn't mean the books are good or anything. Stephen King hates Kubrick's The Shining and we all know he's objectively wrong.
9That's unfortunate because CDPR did some things very very wrong in the depiction of the characters from the novels.Kiera was supposed to be outwardly cockhungry, not subtly so or teasing. Ciri is somber and gloomy as fuck after what happened to the rats. Fringilla Vigo barely acknowledges Gearalt's presence despite them having shacked up for over a month. Triss and Yen never would have chained geralt to the bed then told him that they never wanted to see him again even if he had told both of them he loved the, They just would have forced an ultimatum, not try to humiliate him then forget about him for all time, especially since both of them have screwed him over countless times despite him showing nothing but love and friendship for 20 years yet he forgives them time and time again. Dandelion should have been a little older in appearance and especially in voice because he's actually 50 years old. Avalach is far more condescending and dismissive of humans. Eradin isnt so evil looking and Darth Vaderish, etc, etc. There really are countless things.Game is still GOTY though.
6Goddamn old peopleImagine becoming old and falling behind modern technology and media.Actually that's already happening, and gap is becoming even worse every year.
5The game is poorly written. It just is.Probably the only example of good writing in video games beside Planescape Torment.Which is essentially a fairly decent novel wrapped into a moderately shitty video game.
6Stare, dobre czasy
6Was this the non-CDPR canceled Witcher?
1wow polish komrade your angielski so good here a ogórek and a wódka for you
5You know what they say about exception right ?
8You mean sickdark
Man, you guys get buttblasted easily when someone notable says they don't like your precious video games. Why would you expect a man in his 60s to respect vidya? Even most people in their 30s think video games are at best a way to pass time. Hell, even some /v/irgins think vidya isn't a legitimate art form.Just be happy he let the Witcher games be made at all.
5doesn't know what's Poland like in 2015proceeds to judge things basing on a few old stereotypesblames catholicism for older people hating gamesgets proved it has nothing to do with itdoes not want to change his opinionI don't know how to speak with you dude. Sapkowski doesn't like the games because he thinks games are dull. But it doesn't have anything to do with society or religion. I have friends who think games are stupid, and I have lecturers +-40year-old at my uni who were hyped for Witcher3 release. Surprise, surprise, people vary.
5Nah he's said he doesn't like them and that they aren't canon, and then he wrote the final book in the series which everyone hated anyway.
5You are right.Letho, Geralt, LambertGeralt says they cant kill himGeralt kills him alone week afterEskel dont even scratch CaranthirGeralt kills him alone month laterIts just fucking bullshit.
7Because boomers are fucking insufferable and believe they are right about everything.
1So you deny Poland is one of the most catholic countries in Europe ?
1The third game has good writing aside from the final stretch of the main storyline. The second game has okay writing. The first game has good writing but the entire storyline of TW1 is basically stories from the witcher books with characters with diferent names/genders so that they can be called references instead of copies.
77His books never were and never will be popular in the west because too much is lost in translation. Polish is a very complex language with a long history and Sapkowski knows how to use it well. He created a medieval-like Eastern Europe world with some modern concepts thrown in which works great for Slavs, but will never work in English and other germanic languages.
1Yeah, it doesen't have anything to do with country of origin or religion. Majority of older people doesen't care about vidya.
1Yes
7Hell, even some /v/irgins think vidya isn't a legitimate art form.They aren't. Videogames are meant for entertainment, videogames exist today because of the money that corporations receive for selling videogames to consumers for entertainment. Films aren't art because they fall under the same category, film sales are dominated by capeshit, actionshit and other movies which are written in a way that people with an IQ lower than 50 could understand. Literature and painting/crafting/sculpting/etc are the only true forms of art.
7It's not that he doesn't like the games, its that nobody cares that much about his books. The short stories are an entertaining read, but that's it.So when discussing Witcher "canon," or comparing novels to games, obviously Sapkowski isn't put on any pedestal.However, he gets obligatory respects as the creator, obviously.
0TW1 is basically stories from the witcher books with characters with diferent names/genders so that they can be called references instead of copies.Because the whole game was inteded to be pure homage. They had no idea it would take off enough to warant a sequel. Before 2006 CDPR was a humble localization company. A company that ironically never would have come to be without the help of Bioware. Though this is before Bioware became shit.
0Forgot to say Imlerith in 3. line.
I'm replaying Witcher 2 in preparation for playing 3. Last time I played as a magic Witcher, using signs and shit. This time I am going to take the alternate path, and want to use a different play style.Going full sword though seems a little boring. Is building around potions viable? Can you mix swords and potions? I don't really want to straight up look at a build.
2BoomersThis is Poland we're talking about here.
1So since Planescape pretty much is a VN, can we accept VNs as vidya?
1i dunno if catholicism has anything to do with games, but poland IS a hypercatholic country. that's not a stereotype, that's factual.
4Season of Storms? Haven't read it yet. What's bad about it?
0fighting Imlerith at his best with Eredin, Caranthir, and Wild Huntfighting tipsy Imlerith alone with nobody to support himThe reason why they didn't attack him is obvious anon.
3Not every movie is capeshit or action flick though. By that logic you can deem entire literature trash because there are books like Twilight or 50 Shades of Gray. I agree about fvideo games though.
2Youth is like 90% atheist or agnostic. Older people are mostly declaring to be catholic, but half of them attends masses only once or twice per year.
3
8No its not, they were about 5 other elfs around him at that time. He had Letho and Lambert with him. both as strong as he is.
3literature is not art either by your own definition. a publishing house is the same kind of capitalist enterprise as a film production company and the bookshelves are dominated by YA escapism the same way cinemas are full of capeshit.
5Youth is like 90% atheist or agnosticNot by a long shot. Maybe if you only consider people concentrated around bigger cities and more educated environments. Unfortunately the majority still lives in smaller towns etc. and hardly anyone there is not catholic.
5Its still more than other countries, and didnt you just elect catholic president ?
3Alchemy is godlike build, at the end you'll be one-hitting everything.
4Though this is before Bioware became shiti dunno have you looked at baldur's gate recently? oh boy. that shit reads like a 12 year old wrote it.
5There is a very valid view on adaptations that they should not be 1:1 copies of existing material, that using a different medium to express a pre-existing work should mean the work is also different. If someone wanted the original story with the original characters, they could just go read the books, after all.
0Any recommendations?
9Unfortunately the majority still lives in smaller towns etc. and hardly anyone there is not catholic.Ugh, they should all be shot. Anyone who isn't an atheist is slowing down scientific progress.
0he had Letho and Lambert with himWhen are we talking about? When they were outside of the Kaer Morhen?I'm pretty sure they had more reinforcements than just 5 Wild Hunt soldiers at that time, otherwise Kaer Morhen wouldn't have been significantly overwhelmed like it was.
3I really don't get why people praise Bioware's old writing so much. It always sounded like your typical high-fantasy garbage, even before the SJW era.
4
8the combat in pst is vestigial, true, but it also has gameplay systems that drive the availability/effects of dialogue choices. if a vn has complicated branching driven by inventory and character stats then i would call it a game, otherwise it's just another bad novel with pictures.
0this man knows3pic perks that raise dmg while toxic, lower the negative side affects, make spells last longer; etc...just be smart when picking your alch tree and you will be able to one shot nearly every enemy in the game past cht 2 with a bit of preparation.
3yeah we did, but he had excellent, American-style campaign, I think that's why people voted for him, he just seems to be smarter than previous president.Anyway, it doesn't have anything to do with the Witcher.
590%No. But frankly, Poland being hypercatholic is a good thing for the time being because the social climate surrounding western Atheism right now are corrosive as fuck. Hope they stay catholic until that shit improves.
4And you as a true atheist have contributed to the world in what way?
2Yeah, it's fucking shit. BG is generic yours generic high fantasy bullshitset in a shittest D&D setting on to of that, KotOR rips off from old trilogy SW movies, etc. They were never good, just medicore.
9Bullshit. If you want a new personality, you should create a new character, not completely alter the personality of pre-existing characters. The games pride themselves on being true to the novels in spirit and to be honest they succeed in most ways. It just seems like some of the writers for certain characters didnt read the books and they should have.
2
2Agreed. I could never get into Bioware games. 2KOTOR didn't really do much for me either and I'm a huge star wars fan.
0I've reached enlightenment myself and I've spread that enlightenment on to misinformed individuals who at one point in time actually believed in a deity.
37I presume that you're not afraid of spoilers, as it isn't your first playthrough. Here's some fellow's taking on the optional late game boss and he shows his build. 
5Youth is like 90% atheist or agnosticthat's just your friends anon. outside of the internet and a circle of likeminded friends at a decent big city high school/uni, polish youth is still firmly catholic. they might be bad catholics that only go to church on christmas but they still identify strongly with the faith. it's also not going away because catholicism is entangled with polish nationalism and polish nationalism and the extreme right wing in general is on the rise.
7It works well in French because of how sophisticated french vulgarity is. I loved it at least, and Im not even the strongest french reader.
1not believing in based Ashtar
0Saturday morning cartoon villain2grim4u edgelord villainYou're arguing over diarrhea and birdshit.
ESKEL GAME WHEN?I wanna bang more succubi while panting like a wounded wyvern, chop chop.
3You are a fucking idiot.
4video games are a art formHilarious. Fucking hilarious.
1...is this a joke? You do realize what you sound like, right faggot?
2But typical high fantasy writing hadnt grown old yet by the time of baldur's gate. What was the precident for quality in that genre at the time? Just Ultima which was both generic and as campy as Xena/Herculese from the 90s.
2Because it had more care put into it than any of their new games. In DA:I, all of the companions will never disagree with your motives or values unless you make your character an edge lord whose name is Not Important.Dragon age: Origins had characters always questioning your motives and methods. Usually you had to convince them to see your perspective.Whatever your opinion on Bioware is, it's easy to agree that they used to care about their writing, even if it was shit.
0...Back to reddit with you
4The religious have made significant contributions to science. Im not even religious myself, I'm agnostic, but in the case you arent shitposting, take your head out of your ass.
3he's a huge dick
4Eskel is pretty much Geralt without sorceresses and politics. Lambert game when ?
3The guy has gone wacko jacko in recent years. His word filter has gone south and he just says whatever the fuck comes to mind.
2They were also responsible for the dark ages.
3He's never played it. It was his first and only venture into the medium and he only did it to prove he could write a better game than everything else that was out at the timetfw one of the only cool , real people left is a grouchy jew
6Of course. He stalked that blonde chick with the dragons and harassed her at her doorstep while drunk.
7There were no "dark ages" you tard
5Yes, yes, and the gospels aren't "forgeries," they're "inspired".
5Never because he's too busy fucking Keira into oblivion to give a shit about Witchering anymore
1Say what you will about Ultima as a whole. 4 will always be pretty damn neat to me.I also thought the Quest for Glory series was pretty well done, along with having a bunch of meaningful actions in the storylines. Your stats and some of your stuff carries over to each game. One class is even permanently locked out unless you do some pretty specific stuff in the second entry.
5Here we go againhalt scientific advancement for centuries all in the name of a bookencourage barbarism all in the name of a bookcenturies passt-there were no dark ages hhahahahha!!!
1What was the precident for quality in that genre at the time?lotr? gene wolfe?
3he's right tho. the "dark ages" are pre-20th century concept that modern historians reject as a myth/misunderstanding. you should really get an education before arguing about this shit.
6Man they really weren't kidding about that downgrade.
17So basically just pure alchemy and not sword stuffs?
8We're talking about fantasy writing specifically in games here.
8Nat M. Portland
3There wasn't though. There were major agricultural, metallurgical, and military advancements during the "Dark Ages." It was also the height of Byzantine culture. It is just Protestant propaganda to demonise Catholicism and Orthodoxy.
2why specifically in games? the writers at bioware had the same access to culture and education as everyone else, why would you hold them to an arbitrarily lowered standard?
0They wouldnt stay together forever anyway. He is worse than Yen at her bad days with his behaviour.
6Writing in games have always had a lower standard for some reason. Which is a shame, since it feels like it weighs down the games that actually had a charming script.
77the dark ages didn't existkek
6Because a standard lower than novel writing was all that was available in fantasy video games at the time. Baldure's gate is revered for it's writing because while it was generic in its dialogue/story compared to book writers, it was unpredicented in the video game genre. Of course it's shit looking back at it now, but it wasn't lazy or cheesy amongst its competition at the time.
7jesus christ lotr books sucked so much dick compared to witcher I can't even believe people read them for pleasure
4Uh-oh. Greentext and a smug anime reaction image. I guess the discussion is over, everyone go home.
9I can only speak for Poland: it's fucking insane, especially fantasy. Don't wanna throw numbers out my ass, but A LOT of new releases are fantasy books. And a lot of them are really good.
8arguing with r/atheism level faggots straight out of high schoolWhat were you expecting?
5I'm more saddened by the fact that no one gives the original Robert E Howard Conan stories any love. I'm sure most people just think Conan is about dumb muscleheads in loincloths now.
I hope the Mistborn game turns out to be good.
6i don't believe in treating works of fiction like they were made by special needs children that have to be applauded for doing anything at all. baldur's gate was weak as hell if you place it within a larger cultural context and succeeded by aiming at people that were ignorant of that context. it was not particularly well received by crpg veterans, but it was the first rpg of a whole generation of children, something bioware would repeat with kotor. those are sub-par games that snuck their way into the crpg "canon" by being the most visible crpgs when kids were getting new pcs/xboxes for christmas.
5that's a common reaction of fantasy posers. you only allowed yourself to engage with fantasy when things like the witcher and game of thrones made it look edgy and stylish. lotr scares you away because it's not designed to appeal to teenage boys.in other words, if you don't like tom bombadil singing about lilies you're a faggot poser that only likes fantasy for tits and severed heads.
9And a lot of them are really good.Don't believe this fucking polack. I live in Poland too and that's a lie.
8LOTR scares people away because it's boring slog of three books that are written in painful to read purple prose, with countless repetitions and intense wanking over how elves are ubermensch
9just a few points into swords.
0i sold my diginity once and all i got was a non-transferrable ass pain worth nothing monetary wise. its possible
5My dad would wreck you in Worms Armageddon, bitch
7That's pretty false seeming as the Elves in The Witcher books is based on the Welsh language and culture.
Even though he probably never touched them, Sapkowski's act of hating on them is a tad bit overdone
8diarhea honestly in all regards is probably a shitload safer to consume then the equiv quantities of bird shit. to obtain said amounts, either you need several birds, or to collect said bird shit over a period of what would be months. secondly, birds shit has a lot of lethal stuff in it and small kids and sickley people die all the time from contact with bird shit.
4LOTR scares people awayLOTR is the most normalfag fantasy ever. Its about as niche in fantasy as TLoZ is in video games.
7He should push more more to be translated into English then. Only 3 ? Have been translated so far.
2implying any one actually reads lotr
6He's sad it doesn't include his scat fetishism, but yes
4yes, if only it was paced like an episode of got, with torture in the beginning, rape in the middle and a shocking execution at the end! if only it was structured like a distraction for braindead teenagers and not like a novel! how could tolkien have been so shortsighted to expect you to read three books with zero rapes?
2What do you expect? LoTR is pretty much the foundation of the Fantasy genre. Doesn't mean it's better than other Fantasy books, just means that other books base their story on similar races or villains.
5Let's wrap few thingsSapkowski is an asshole and a drunk his presence on any of the cons, anyone? with huge ego. Of course he would openly declare undying hatered toward TWitcher games, since they are more popular than HIS books.Sapkowski sold rights to make the games as one-off-get-the-money-before-the-game-company-goes-bankrupt deal. When the first game not only proved a massive success, but also earned shitload of dought, he ended up as sore loser, since he has no royalities now, when there are 3 games sold world-wide.Sapkowski is a classic one-hit-wonder with MASSIVE ego. It's 16 years since last part of the witcher saga was published, but he's still living in the fading light of his glorious days. The only thing he can do to stay in the limelight for any second longer is either to publish something new while he can't write for shit or bitch about the games and release "superior" prequel to the saga. Right after bitching for 13 years how he will never, ever again touch anything about Geralt or even his world.
4implying reading LOTR is some special achievementI dated at least 4 girls in high school who read LOTR anon. It's like thinking its some rare remarkable trait that girls have seen Doctor Who. They've been piling on to the, "le so geek chique" for almost a decade.
7authors are some funny fucks, man
7Do you think he's too proud to acknowledge the games as a part of his series and maybe continue his books after TW3?
2I'm not talking about the content, which is pretty shitty hero's journey over war-torn land. I'm talking how this is all written. The style and the annoying purple prose is what scares people away, since the story as such is just the most simplistic one that can be pulled. So we've got standard and somewhat boring story combined with bad writting - bad in sense of awful pacing, repetitions of monstrous dialogues so you read the same shit for the n-th time and descriptions that drag way too long with too many pointless details. Perfect wanking material, but awful to read as such
4I dated at least 4 girls in high schoolOf course you did
5Let's make it clear - what makes you thing that if I don't like LOTR, I won't hate GOT? Because you must live in some false dychotomy world, kiddo, if you assume that not liking LOTR = loving GOT. I don't like the first, I fucking hate the second.
1Shitty Norwegian publishing companies like Askehaug and Pissdamm would never risk translating something as niche as The Witchery books. The books were very popular in the east-block countries though.
7ogórekkumarca
2I think he should just get over it. And the saga ended. Just like the game series ended.Besides, let's make it clear. Sapkowski is short stories writer. He can't write anything else than short stories. All his later "books" are just horribly overblown short stories that could tell the same tale in 10 pages, but pointlessly drag for 300.
5I was reading that Sapkowski really doesn't care at all about the games, he doesn't like gaming and he doesn't consider the games part of his Canon Geralt storyline.
7gets hung up over shit irrelevant to the post at largeOkay anon
2the fake language is irrelevant. the actual prose is basically sienkiewicz + inventive swearing. the english language equivalent would be something like hunter s thompson writing a shakespearian play. i suppose a really talented prose stylist could pull that off, but where do you find one that also reads polish and is willing to waste his talent translating some fantasy saga?that's why the actual english translations just read like generic fantasy garbage. the short stories are at least interesting enough to survive a mediocre translation, but the saga itself would be a colossal bore without the prose stylization keeping you awake.
5Do you think God likes the way people write boks about him?oh wait he doesn't exist lol
77Oh, and one more thing.Sapkowski is also very, very defensive. When he sold the rights for the first time, for the film, he was bitching about its poor quality and shittyness before they even assembled the cast for it. Granted, the film WAS shit, but that's not the point. And the same thing happend when the first game was in developement - he started bitching about how shitty it will be and how it's trashing the legacy of his books.The legacy he sold so far twice for very small profit.So he's this kind of guy. I guess he would seamlessly fit into /v/ or even 4chan bitching about everything, everytime, everywhere
2He wrote and in 2013 released a new book from the Witcher universe.And it was total shit. It was like a fanfic written by a 15 year-old to his original saga.
0because you're in the witcher thread and the witcher is basically got but niche, so hipsters like you can admit to liking it
2... only in the really, really, REALLY bad official English translation.Seriously, just read fan translations and don't bother with the "official" stuff, since it reads as if put through google translator
3Literally retarded
6Jesus, you are 2edgy4me. Nice to know that being a Pole and thus having witcher as part of your mainstream pop-culture for past 20 years makes you a hipster now.
3Europe!=world
6WitcherNicheAnglophone detected. We are all sad that the only time anyone bothered with English translation was when the games showed up.
1Pffffft Norwegians get nothing in general anyway, you guys only have english versions of everything and only when it starts to get popular, so you dont get left behind once more.
6having witcher as part of your mainstream pop-cultureexcept it's not. it's just your high school friends sitting in a circle and jerking off over how you read mature "literature" like the witcher and not popular books like twilight and harry potter. the witcher was for hipsters before hipsters were hipsters.
9... are you done yet? Because I'm not sure what are you doing right now? Putting on your "Defender of LotR" t-shirt on? Trashing everything that is not it? Or trashing "awful modern fantasy"? Or trashing everything in general, trying to find something that appeals to me?Or maybe you forgot that you are on /v/ and nobody gives a fuck about your own opinions about this or that book, since it's vidya board?
9it's just your high school friends sitting in a circle and jerking off over how you read mature "literature"Said by the guy fiercely defending LotR... oh the irony!
9Hey, fa/tg/guy, shouldn't you switch boards?
Nope. He openly and frequently stated that he despises all adaptations of his work: he hated the show, and he hated the game. Though it's difficult to judge, because he is a mean drunk who frequently contradicts himself. I remember that on a good day, he once stated that he was impressed with the writing on TW2, said that "he himself could not write it better", but in a different interview he talked about how shit the games are and how they can never live up to the real thing.I do know that he was actually even consulting for the third game for a very brief time, but apparently, then he got mad and stopped cooperating again.
9Even my mother is familiar with the witcher saga and long before vidya came into the play, short stories were in the high school textbooks - so yeah, in a sense it was a bunch of high schoolers wanking over it. With their teachers. On normal high school course of Polish.
Books  piss  vomit  shit  video games.
5Justsapkowskithings
9That's why we have /lit/ and /v/. Why you are not on /lit/ is a mistery.
6In his defense, they absolutely trampled the damn books in the movie, completely ignored his suggestions, generally completely refused to take his opinions into consideration, and the movie came out as shit, so I can kinda understand why he bitched about the movies.
5eccentricartistalcoholicslavThe only way he could be predestined to be even crazier would be if he was gay or something.
I don't know but...caring about what authors think of adaptionsReally? Fuck Christopher Tolkien for the record. They shill out for the glorious shekel in a heartbeat, and then talk shit like anybody ACTUALLY cares. I don't know about this Polish Wilford Brimley here, but I really don't understand why you would give somebody the rights and then get angry about what they do with it. At least Danny Devito here has the drunk thing to fall back on, apparently.
9He is not eccentric, really. He is just a mean slavic drunk. Plenty of those around here. He does have a knack for language though, I'll give him that.
9In one of his interviews he called himself a neo-pedophile. He don't fuck real kids but he like to fap.
4completely ignored his suggestions, generally completely refused to take his opinions into considerationBut anon, there were no suggestions made nor opinion stated. The executive producer meet with Sapkowski for grand total of 5 minutes - to sign all the papers. So it's hard to ignore something that never was in the first place. Sapkowski himself was glad to cash in the cheque as soon as possible. Then he went apeshit on the film that he never was interested about.Besides, the deal was for TV series. The film was made somewhat outside of the deal.Oh, and to put another punch on this mean drunk - the producers were originally going for adaptation of short stories and NOTHING else. The film came to existence only because Sapkowski selectively denied rights for certain stories, thus the plans were changed. So he's co-responsible for the final outcome by his greed, as both the director and the producer claimed separately that Sapkowski openly wished to sell the reminder of the short stories later on, for second season that wasn't even planned, but existed in his drunk head.
3Smart thing to say in a country that planned to chemically castrate pedophiles.
9Because he is butthurt about not getting royalities, that's why. And he is not getting royalities, because he sold rights in one-off deal
4Trust me, it's far more safe to be a pedophile in Poland than it is in America.
7Your so full of shit that i can`t even understand how you come up with all this.He dose not hate the games he thinks that they are well made if so many people like them and he read the story that CDP have written and he him self said it`s good. He sold the right like way before the first Witcher game was ever considered by CDPR and you really think that he losses on the game`s, his books sails in america and out side of east EU have doubled and is some country`s even tripled he is making shit tons of money thanks to the massive success of the games. He said that he will never tell what happened after Lady of Lake, Season of Storms is out side of the sage in the same way Sword of Destiny and Last Wish are. He never said the he will never touch the world of the Witcher or Geralt he said the there will never be the sixth volume of the saga.
1Trust meYou know what, I don't want to know.
5Fringilla Vigo barely acknowledges Gearalt's presence despite them having shacked up for over a monthFringilla seduced Geralt only to keep him in town. Then Geralt purposedly fed her false information so that she would leave him alone, which led to Fringilla ridiculing herself in front of the Lodge after they found out she was fooled by a man they all thought was an idiotSo yeah she wasn't going to remind him about that
8He never said the he will never touch the world of the Witcher or Geralt he said the there will never be the sixth volume of the saga.I wonder where were you back in '97, when he was working on Lady of the Lake. Or in '99, when he published it. Or for next 10 years. Because till '10 he was VERY vocal about not touching witcher ever again.2015There are still people who white-wash Sapkowski into anything else than greedy, mean drunk that was once famous
9In France one of the highest quality fantasy books released was La horde du Contrevent. There are several passages in it that are untranslatable mostly palindroms, so it'll never get foreign attention Apart from that there's little to none good french scifi/fantasy books there are a lot of excellent good french scifi/fantasy comics though
2he is actually credited as general story consultant or something like that in each witcher game
8you really think that he losses on the gameHe doesn't get anything from the games as such, since he never secured the deal in any serious way. And gave few butthurt interviews about ithis books sails in americaAnd are barely acknowledged in existence, not to mention turn profiteast EU have doubled and is some country`s even tripledYou mean Poland and Czech Republic, where he was already an established name and they've simply republished known-for-years books with new wave of hype?out side of the sage in the same way Sword of Destiny and Last Wish areAnd you never even bothered to read the books in the first place, since you claim such bullshit
5The Shining film is severely overrated. It failed to capture Jack's actual decline into madness, and it just made him a cunt from the start. Duvall is an overacting, shrieking miscast. The only thing the film has going for it is the pacing and the cinematography.
4But it's highly rated exactly because of how it's paced and filmed.
12It`s like you two don`t know shit or even asked about this your selfAnd you never even bothered to read the books in the first place, since you claim such bullshitThe Witcher saga contains 5 novels, SoD and LW are 6/7 story's books not a saga which tell one large story in 5 books.
8He dose not hate the games he thinks that they are well made if so many people like them and he read the story that CDP have written and he him self said it`s good.Top kek anon
7A lot of it also comes from salty Renaissance shitters who were big Greco-Romanaboos and couldn't handle the fall of that culture. There's been concentrated shitting on the time in between the fall of Rome and the Renaissance in western Europe for centuries now because of that.
6Using wikipedia to prove anythingOh boy, you must be new here
4Oh sorry i forgot that using your own words on a anonymous board is a better choice.
6Have it ever occured to you, ratbrain, that it doesn't have to be part of the saga to be related with the saga? Like setting the events of it? Or maybe you've skipped all those stories that set the stage, like A Matter of Price, The Sword of Destiny or Something More?
2Apparently you forgot that wiki by default works like own words on an anonymous board
put out 3 pointsreligious guys see one they can dispute, and ignore the other 2well, thats every religious argument ever. while you guys argue about the dark ages, ill keep waiting for the whole "bible stole stories from other relegions...that...existed before christianity" and "biggest religion".hell lets jump the gun. you guys are UNDISPUTEABLY correct about the dark ages being completely made up! im not even gonna research it. im just gonna listen and believe.now, those other two points...also, there was a witcher movie? why does no one mention it/post images from it?
8I'm too young to remember all this stuffHence you are full of shitFlawless logic
7oh really? i have a list of citations at the bottom of my post? and every post?fuck me, how did i miss that
1why does no one mention it/post images from it?Because it's horrible. And I'm saying that while being very fond of the TV series yes, there is a TV series. The film is bad in every single regard, but it was a fast grab made by the guys behind the TV series - they've just edited two hour material out of the TV series into a horrible mess of a movie.So it's better just to watch the series.
5Wikia is flawlessBecause it has citationsThat's why I use wikia as source of my citationsHere we go again... you must be really still in school to believe that wikia is any good at anything. Grow a bit, enroll on uni and you will learn how useless it is for anything else than using the listed citations as your actuall reads.
1Because the movie sucks balls. Hard. Better go and watch the TV series, certain episodes are really good and the music is fucking awesome TW3 is even using certain tunes from it.And toward the dark ages - it's pretty much made up. There was a massive collapse of civilisation, noone denies that, but nowhere near the extend it was hammered down during the Enlightment.
0I NEED CITATIONShere the are. a few, even.CITATIONS ARE WORTHLESS "The Witcher Official Website – Official Release Date!". Archived from the original on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 17 July 2007.pageOrion Group/Gollanz pagefree to twist your own words again, matey!b-but those are citations...from...w-wikipedia!
He thinks they're pretty cool but he considers them a separate continuation of his work and not as THE continuation of his work. He thinks all praise goes to CDPR when it comes to games, he just doesn't really care about videogames at all though.
1ill keep waiting for the whole "bible stole stories from other relegions...that...existed before christianity" and "biggest religionBecause that doesn't matter.The Bible could be a coloring book about Dragons and Catholicism the only religion in the world, and they still wouldn't be responsible for the Dark Ages because that never happened. The argument was about how Christianity halted scientific progress and caused the Dark Ages, supposedly in the name of hocking a book.This is false.The main stream consensus in the European and Medieval Historical community is that there were never any Dark Ages, backed up by the significant societal, scientific, and philosophical developments that occurred during that time. It was essentially a hit job by disgruntled intellectuals during the Renaissance based around their conflict with major political figures of the time and being enamored with the Greek and Roman thinkers. The rise of Protestantism and the backlash against corruption in the Catholic church also fueled this belief.Now it's the Protestant successors that pose the main opponent to modern science, while the Catholic church supports the idea of aliens and accepts evolution.For further reading, go look up The Swerve, and then all the criticism from Historians on it.
0And toward the dark ages - it's pretty much made up.Well, one of the biggest mistakes that people do is to locate dark ages somewhere into peak of middle ages, while if we really want to insist on using that term, the "dark ages" should adress the era of the fall of Roman empire and the era of moving nations - somewhere between 350-600. Because those were really, really dark ages. An era during which the population was reduced to one tenth of what it was a century ago, era of technologies being completely forgotten, great cultural assets destroyed, architectural or artistic masterpieces being destroyed en mass in the Western Europe. But generally, the term "dark ages" has been mishandled and used as a part of enlightenist anti-religious propaganda and the image that it evokes in most people is indeed very much bullshit.
3I never said I need them. It was you who put them forth, as a way ot "here, this is my proof". Plus where exactly are you doing right now? To say that the two collections of short stories aren't part of the saga? We already established that 5 posts ago... so why you keep beating the foam?
4That's why I've mentioned how it was blown out of any proportions during the Englightment. Plus it's just a moniker - the terms "late antiquity" and "early medieval" suit it much better
how much would steve erikson hate a video game adaptation of MBOTF?
He continues to diss the only product that brought it to western pop cultureThe first two books were goat, everything else is shit.
1You mean the first two books of the saga or the two books with short stories in them?
8I repeat this once in a while in threads about sapkowski.I went fishing with him once accidentally, he goes to the same lake as I do , I never met so self obsessed stick aep arse man before him.Guy is 100% sure he is alwayrs right, he cannot go wrong and armies of fanboys assure him in that
People still believing that the Dark Ages and loss of science was a thing.Man, for the rational and critical thinking people you people put yourself forward as. You really do not understand the concept of historiography and historical perspective. Not to mention you ignore the creation of Carolingian minuscule which is the main reason why we even still have manuscripts, plays and literature from the Antiquities.
I saw him at a grocery store in Warsaw yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?”I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
9I've met him on four different occasions on three cons and one meeting with an author. He was never sober on them. The first time was in late 90's, so it was somewhat acceptable back then, but later not so much.It tells something when you take money to meet fans and then show up drunk.It tells something about his fans when they cheer for that.
6Pasta is stale, anon.image captcha is pastaPerfect.
9In italy sci-fi and fantasy are dead. Because the fuckers on pubblishing believes that the genere all together is dead.And for a guy who wants to write sci-fi this is a shit place to live in.
9speaking of stale pastatfw you just found out your meme image is all over the internet nowits almost like being a celebrity
9Fantasy in Poland is usually very "pulp" and I for one don't find it very interesting, but oldschool don't know about new ones sci fi authors are fucking great, pretty much anything is at least good.
2Can you post said maymay?
9I've always wondered how sci-fi/fantasy is in European countries like France, Germany, Poland, etc.Czech fag here: Fantasy is niche, but still going, sci-fi is actually very popular. There is a whole bunch of fairly big literary awards for sci-fi writing here, selling compendiums of best works yearly and going strong. It's often a very good stepping stone for many young authors. That said, most of the local sci-fi and fantasy production carries strongly in the veins of "weird fiction" and the kind of very pulpy and B-grade schools of the sixties and seventies. The kind of high quality hard sci-fi, one that is either very technical in nature, or very philosophical never really caught on here.
3If you had even a basic understanding of history, you would realize that the Dark Ages had absolutely nothing to do with a halt/reversal in scientific advancement.Even a few paragraphs of Anglo-Saxon study would clear all that up for you.Most of the time even /v/ doesn't get this dumb. This is below /r9k/ level.Please leave and never return.
91Another Polefag here. Polish fantasy, after brief explosion of sword and sorcery themes in early 90s turned into pulp-tier, extremely right wing bullshit that is 2edgy4anyone, with entire fantasy market pretty much being monopolised by single publishing house Fabryka Słów.Old sci-fi was epic tier, with Lem and Zajdel. The new one is either some boring post-apo on pulp-tier or even lower tier right-wing fantasies about time travells that turn Poland into superpower or at least attempt to do so.
2Anon you replied to. I've had that shit happen three times in a row.Once with a reaction picture, a gif, and then a random lewd picture I drew of a vidya character. Feels weird but pretty awesome.
5It's probably /r/atheism kiddies leaking in from their shithole spouting all the new memes he learned from /r/atheism. Even other Reddit Atheist communities and normalfags don't even like their underaged asses.
5I think he doesn't really care about the game itself, I think he's glad that his story is getting told to more peopleBut deep down absolutely disappointed
4The LotR books are not purple prose you idiot, they're just long-winded.
6time travells that turn Poland into superpower or at least attempt to do soI can hardly blame them for that, as shitty as those works might be. It's practically required in the modern world that your speculative fiction have a vein of works that heavily favor your country in absurdly nationalistic fashion.Look at a lot of American works, even the ones that critique their country have an amusingly focused perspective on it. Japan is notorious for its rehashing of "poor Japan gets buttfucked by the world, but glorious Nippon rises again." Even the dour British have their style of "Britain sucks, but it sucks less than all the other fucks."Just sort of the way things are. Nationalism is still strong in our increasingly connected world, perhaps because of it, though I'm no expert.
6Fabryka Słów Words FactoryHoly shit they are fucking bad, I don't think I've ever seen bigger toilet paper material as their books.I used to have one pretty good rule to judge books by their covers back in the day:Ugly cover - at least decent bookPrettycover from Words Factory - 100% crapBut now everybody has pretty covers for fuck sake
0But there is a difference between having vein of works that heavily favour your country in absurdly nationalistic fashion AND having an ENTIRE genre of sci-fi like that.
4purple proseNah, you want a decent example what could be purple prose, go to China Miéville. But at least he owns it.
6MiévilleNot that's THE purple prose
8No of course not, just a contemporary example.
1I like what he writes, I hate HOW it's written.
you looked at my balls and for this i will kill you
Alright guys, let's talk about how FUCKING SNIPERS are the cancer killing multiplayer shooters.
What's it like being a casual?
0I wouldn't know, I don't use snipers.
He doesn't know how to counter the awp
5use muh smokes and flashes that stop them for a second before they quick scope you xD
on casual Dust II, yeah I fucking hate the AWP. Literally nowhere to go as T
9You are an idiot.
9You're a fucking dunce7As someone who plays a fuckload of casual, all on T side, you're a fucking dunce.
9then how do you deal with 6 awps on the enemy team?
09Quality posts
3You play comp instead.
9The AWP is only annoying in deathmatch. It's completely balanced in comp.
3Smoke, flash, don't re-peek, punish people who miss. Don't give them the opportunity. Just be better than them. It's fucking casual, they're a bunch of silver shitters.
Sniping is fine for closeish games like CSIn battlefield type games it's fucking stage 4 cancer
Like it even matters in shooters these days. Every one acts like a one man army doing their own shit.My best memory's were in socom 3 where people worked and moved as a unit.
hate using the awpslow walk speed, slow everythingprefer to use the scoutrun so fast scoped injump scoutingtwo clicks and they're deadone click to the headonly 1700 dollarydooscsgo would be so much better if they removed the awp/autosniper. Machine guns can stay since they're already less useful than a m4
snipaa~
I have 4k kills on my AWP Asiimov
9i have always thought snipers should be low damage in multiplayer games
SSG 08  AWP
Doesn't ruin any good shooters.
9Any gun that encourages players to sit in the back and not actively participate in attack/defend game modes need to be fucking banned.
3But anon, if I'm not even a silver shitter, how do I git gud?
9People who actually know how to play a game like CS don't sit in the corner with their awp... they aren't afraid to get in your face with it.
9But Awpers are usually the most active defenders who guard the most important choke points
9playing the worst version of csdiscussing the worst version of cswhinging about the AWP
9Suppressive fire. Indirect fire. Close air support.The hardest part is, of course, to locate the sniper.
Have you ever playerd Planetside 2? Our bolt shitters can turn invisible, while Battlefield 3 at least made them more visible.
9awp in deathmatch? fucking stupidawp in competitive/casual? most people who use it are shitters
9The real cancer is underage users such as yourself :^
8Its the best version retard
People actually play CSSpread determined by RNG
8im a shitterCool story
Is there a fps that doesnt have snipers? Snipers ruin every game because tryhards think theyre mlg autists with it and either drag the team down hard or there is always that one guy on the other team who only uses that and tops.
6quake
9has played a fuckload of casual dust 2mocks someone else
mfw using snipers in bf4Feels breety good
8you have to git bad and become a silver first
9If you play an actually good shooter a sniper will be balanced. For Halo CE-3 it was map pick up. Also pretty hard to no scope unless you were good.
ONLY CSGOBABBIES COMPLAIN ABOUT THE AWPONLY CSGOBABBIES COMPLAIN ABOUT THE AWPONLY CSGOBABBIES COMPLAIN ABOUT THE AWPONLY CSGOBABBIES COMPLAIN ABOUT THE AWPONLY CSGOBABBIES COMPLAIN ABOUT THE AWP
losing 0-4 ct on dust 2 compbuy dakdak finish out the half 11-4hurr durr git gud dakdaks are for noobs!implying you're not doing everything you can to rank up
8People actually defend the game
6Let's keep everything that's bad 'cause you're a pussy who doesn't know how to play properly with anything at all
The AWP in GO is garbage.shoulderpeek like a sweaty faggotwait for him to fire and miss because lol hitboxeskill him when he repeeks because awp takes 5 years to become accurate after scoping
4awp in deathmatch? fucking stupidhow is it stupidpeople play DM to practice0people complained about AWP in literally every versionshitters are eternal
9peakhe shootsget back inawp peaks outget headshot with AKgit gud
9if you want to git gud with awp, use the scout. awp is balanced by how expensive it is. free awp = unbalanced gamemode
ITT: Eternal Silvers
0miss because lol hitboxes.More like miss because you didn't fucking hit him.
9waahh mommy!Gid gud
9if you want to git gud with awp, use the scoutdifferent movespeed, different scoped movespeed, doesn't kill on bodyshots so you want to go for headshots you don't usually want to go for headshots with an AWPif you care about deathmatch as a legit gamemode that you play to win, AWPers are pretty easy prey anyway. since players spawn all over the place you can't really "hold" a corner, and IIRC AWP kills don't give a lot of points. a rifle or maybe an SMG gives you a much better shot at winning. wait no, actually you want to use bonus weapons too since they award more points.
4I play a fuckload of all the maps on casual, never vote Dust 2. Comes up enough with all the shitdicks who don't play anything else.Casual is a great time killer.
Daily reminder the AWP is only in the game because if they removed it, fans would go apeshit.The AWP is a shitty fanservice weapon that was introduced when CS was an unbalanced, uncompetitive shitfest.Awp takes le skill! xDWow, a weapon that can kill in a single shot to anywhere above the waste. That must take a ton of skill to point and click with.
7fanservice weapon.What the fuck does this even mean.
8Don't mind him, he's fucking retarded.
7being bad enough they make enough to buy an awpbeing bad enough you don't think to smoke or flash and just run out in the opengit gud
4Spotted the pre-GO MOBA player.Go play any other FPS and then tell me GO has good hitboxes. Oh wait, you're too shit to tell if you missed or the game did.
8Fanservice as in they are doing their fans a service by bringing it back every game.
0play css and 1.6shit tons of no auto/awp serversonly csgobabbiescomplainoh man how does it feel being retarded?
7Fanservice weaponLiterally what.
tfw retarded teammates all buy AWPs as soon as possible, end up dying and costing us the round, and now the enemy team has multiple AWps for free
4still buying expensive flashesnot buying superior decoys and fooling the enemies into turning around as you rush them downGit gud :^
5using crutch weaponstells others to git gudoh the ironing
28fan service is a term for material in a series which is intentionally added to please the audienceGoogle is a thing
shitter hereis there a way to increase footstep sounds without having to turn up all the sounds?
6hacking
6Yeahh get better headphones
1Wow this is edgy9Buy the SCAR/G3 you dipshit
4Like 80% of the other guns and the rest being the same function-wise, except the MAG-7 and how awesome it is.But seriously, Jesus christ
9small mapsgive sniper riflesWhy
Snipers are great.
0 implying PS2 bolt shitters are the problemimage related, MAX crash. MAXes, being a super-armor unit with dual guns and 10-16 TIMES more HP than standard infantry.Heavy assaults get more than double standard infantry HP, if they're using:Resist shield, offers 45% damage reduction from all sources, including headshots by sniper rifle, rocket impacts, and tank shells.Maximum nanoweave armor, provides enough damage reduction to increase the number of bullets it takes to kill you by 1 at any range lower levels let you survive but only at longer distances but no longer stacks with resist; yes that's right, it used to stack with resist SOE devs are not smart peopleThe problem is never snipers, but the gameplay that they create and require to function properly.The problem with PlanetSide 2's snipers is that they are literally useless at what they're supposed to do, because a medic can just zip by and undo every single one-shot-one-kill the sniper just performed on a squad. In fact the medic doesn't even need to pop out from cover, they can just throw a magic revive grenade and get EVERYONE in the area of effect back up and alive.Or the heavy assault can flip on their resist shield, and turn a 1500 damage headshot into a 675 damage hit.Or engineers can hide behind their MAX body shield, or plop down a magic laser guided missile turret and 1-shot the infil who isn't paying attention to them. reminder: these turrets can be used from outside infantry render distance and still hit vehicles, while completely invisibleOr the light assaults can just break the map layout by flying over obstacles and ambush from behind.Or the other infiltrators can turn invisible and counter-snipe, even if it's with some difficulty; or simply turn on the cloak and say "fuck you, i'm going inside"if you have not figured it out yet, PlanetSide 2 is shit
9Basically, here's a TL;DR in webm form.
Join game in session, sniped just as you spawn
9Git gud. Memorize the more popular nests and weed those fuckers out!
9get gud
9But the entire purpose of sharpshooters is active participation in attacking and defending.Counter Strike has no snipers, there's only sharpshooters in that game.
if they brought back the restriction of 1 awp per team there would be nothing to whine about
not gonna lie, sniping in call of duty games is satisfying as fuck.
7a weapon that can kill in a single hit anywhere above the waistYes, it absolutely demolishes the concept of skillful play, making individual skill much less relevant, which is a very good thing in a team based game.It may be frustrating to play against, but it does more good for the game than bad.
9Snipers and Grenades are baddie saviors.They're the ones that lazy people go to, usually the kind that spam "rekt" or "git gud" in chat.They're easy as fuck to kill though when you find out where the popular spots are and how to zigzag gud.
5was this an official thing? i wish this was a thing. it would change a lot of gameplay centered around that OP gun. get shot in pinky finger through doorlmao he dead
1fuggen rekt0
that one time i spent 5 hours sniping against the same idiot on that one map with the longass street in Metal Gear Onlinewherever you are my arch rival sniper bro, i hope youre sniping on with the best of them... i salute you.p.s. sniping in that game was a bitch to do the aiming sucked ass
7Wow this is edgyedge
0You need to ignore the lines in the scope, the awp is 100% acurate as long as you are not pressing wasd or are in the air/ladder.Let me say that again; AS LONG AS YOU ARE NOT PRESSING WASD YOU ARE 100% ACCURATE.Q: Can you be in motion because of your momentum after letting go of WASD?A: YesQ: Can you used WASD as much as you want if you hold shift.A: Yes, holding shift does not give you a movement penalty after the nerf meaning you can use WASD as much as you want when you are scoped in and holding shift. Its fucking stupid i know...Anyone want me to write a fucking tutorial on how to AWP battle because so many pple cant do it? Im DMG on european servers GE to you americans.
9that one time i spent 5 hours sniping against the same idiot on that one map with the longass street in Metal Gear OnlineI'm pretty sure everyone that played MGO2 experienced this at least once.
9This makes me sad. I had a lot of fun in the beta. When will we get an actual good FPS at this scale? I really felt like I was part of clashing armies.
2mfw when MAGso much dissapointment, so much potentialwhen will devs stop rushing games and just make an actual good finished product?
throw smoke grenade wow that was hard 10/10 AWP OP
7Please enlighten me as to how that is "edgy"?
5hardly anyone has more than one awp on a team anyway so what's the point
He doesn't have a 3.08 kill ration with the AWP.
5Thats gay as fuck. inb4 some russian kid gets the awp and dies after 30 secs.
I really don't get it, why is sniping such an enjoyable but also such a shitty and simultaneously unenjoyable thing in all the games?Like at the same moment while you're sniping, you're enjoying and not enjoying yourself
9I one visited border station and soldiers there showed me their armory.They gave me one of these snipers to try,it was ridiculously heavy.
1it's really fun if you're good at it and the enemy team doesn't have an army of snipers countering youotherwise it's shit
so masterful!sit in the back of the playing field with no opposition just because your only weakness is not having opposition, which makes it "balanced".this shit is the absolute cancer, slows down gameplay and removes the purpose of actual DM. jesus christ you don't have to shovel this garbage into your game just because you can't think of a different class/playstyle. people have thought of things before.
So how does one balance snipers? Restrict the amount of them per team? Make the sniper rifle itself have a slow scoping time and slow reload time? Inaccurate? how
Post FPS games that do the sniper properly. I'll start.NEOTOKYO
0Sniper Elite.
2I just cant play the game.Its not doing anything for me than being repulsive to look at.
0planetside 2
0DestinyBecause they're useless on half of the maps/modes, as they should be
56Those games can't even get movement and aiming properly, much less anything else.FPS games optimized for the gamepad instead of mouse and keyboardFucking gae.
9not playing close quarter recon, onehitting everyone with your sniper rifleAnon do you even fps
I used to snipe in the Novalogic games online. DF2,Land Warrior ,Black Hawk Down & TFD. No end of fun back in the day, that was before all this no scope,camper calling spinny dolphin diving bullshit
3Why not just use a shotgun at that point?
8or knife.
8Because I can also shoot enemies that are far away
9whats there to talk about, its a facta weapon that allows you to passively attack an enemy without putting yourself at a moderately equivalent risk of being killed yourself is a fucking stupid concept when the object of the game is variable enjoyment for both sides of the conflict and not instantaneous removal of a designated target with the least amount of risk necessary, which is what snipers are designed forthe only time a sniper can be "balanced" is either a. pve where the enjoyment of the other side isnt an object, ie left 4 dead, and b. when opposed only by other snipers or weapons of equivalent killing power, ie sniper eliteyou wanna see glass cannon done right look at tf2s scout, something that uses range as a risk/reward variable correctly and not just a direct advantage over the competition by making you both safe and powerfulfuck i hate modern game design
37I know that CQ Recon feel of Bad Company 2but shotgun with magnum slugs and motion detectors was also pretty legit
2003railguns and snipers harder therefore awesome when people kill with them2015Snipers are harder to use but I won't say that, instead I'll call them cancer because everyone's better than me.Dis neo |√| is rad yo
2The AWP is not a glass cannon.Think about it as a thing that denies an entire area.It's like an instantly lethal version of the smoke.
1Sure, I do pick up the shotgun on smaller maps
1this kindaFags using railguns in Unreal Tournament or QuakeOMG LOOK AT THAT SKILL FUCK THAT GUY IS GOODFags using sniper rifle in Battlefield, CS or CoDoh wow what a noob no skill faggot
3This guy gets it.
How could we fix sniper rifles?increase waiting time between shotscan't shoot standing up
4Being a shotgun recon on maps with a lot of buildings like that desert town map that ends in the shipyard or the one map that's in the harbor is hilarious. throw out motion detector, shotgun fools from HUGE distances with perfect accuracy, continue creeping around
8I get it if you dont like go, but lets not be a fucking idiot. css and conditon zero were the clear shitballs.
Snipers are only a problem in games where the maps are small as shit. Snipers in Project Reality are actually fun to play as because they don't own the battlefield, they have to avoid being fucked by enemy mortars and they're more useful in spotting enemy outposts and vehicles than actually killing people
0know that enemy squad is holed up in a buildingpack the shottiesneak up therespree them all down in a few secondsBest feel
5can't shoot standing upAnd kill all realism?
5just remove them from deathmatch games where the maps are way too small for sniper rifles Never had a problem with snipers in battlefield or Battlefront games
9Jesus fucking christ these anons. What this faggot is saying is that people who use snipers are fucking faggots. Let a game like battlefield or planetside for example, you and your squaf rush toward and objective while engaged in combat with another enemy squad. Only to have an awesome firefight be ruined by some faggot with a SKS. Its the fact that Sniper s ruin big open multilayer games.
5Yes because you're playing a fucking video game.
0Bad excuse.
8Squaf
2anything ever a bad exuse for balancingOkay, go back to complaining then, fuckface.
5Make sniper rifles unlockable for people who only passed a certain frag number.
Ask a guy who played 500 hours before trying competitive anything.
5I'm not complaining.
How to fix snipers: make them take 2 shots to killboom, now all the people who REALLY just want to snipe a bit can snipe to their heart's content and only finish off weakened prey
2It's not when talking about balance
6make them take 2 shots to killSure, as long as headshots and close up kills are still. onehitsEverything else is retarded
8RNG has no place in comp gamesLook at the top comp games xD
8Isn't this the entire point of a large multiplayer map? The world is more complicated therefore more things can fuck you up?Are you going to complain about tanks ruining a good firefighter too?Why don't you just play call of duty if you're so bad at predicting dangerous outcomes?
9Ranged one hit kill mechanics in any multiplayer game tend to just create more annoyance/frustration/anger in the players getting killed than whatever sliver of fun it is to be the one killing.This stems entirely from the way they're designed, as they often have entirely one sided skill checks, where the amount of influence your skill has in what you can successfully do to counter a sniper on the other side of the map is much lower than the amount that sniper can apply skill to just one shot you. This is compounded by the fact that in general the best counter to a sniper is just to not fight them and go an alternate routeThink of it this way, when you play a game like TF2 and a Spy backstabs you. There's an entire level of thinking that can go along with that death, but at no point were you out of control over that situation. All classes can spy check, all players should have awareness of what's going on around them. Your skill level was directly played off against the spy's skill level for that kill.With a sniper? You can fucking know exactly where they are, but that bitch still headshots you when you zig/zag across a courtyard trying to get closer. We've all had that happen. Your skill level means far less than just hoping they're bad enough to miss you.
9Snipers have been in multiplayer FPS'S since their dawn.
3This thread is for people who want balanced, fun video games. Not MUH REELISUM.
3I don't remember there being any motherfucker with a gay-ghillie suit sitting in one corner of the map with his 1-hit kill weapon when I played Soldier of Fortune online. Or Quake 3. Or Tribes. Or Enemy Territory.
9railgun:lower fov to zoomsnipe
5That's nowhere near the same thing.
5long range hitscan weapon dealing a lot of damage.How is it "nowhere near the same thing"?
3using fun as an argumentRealism is fun. Deal with it, nerd.
3post-update dmgamerican post-update dmghahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaso basically you were a nova until they messed up ranks? or a silver 4 in europe? anyone under LE lem-supreme for murka who is actually trying is trash now.AWP is inaccurate for a period after scoping and for a period after you stop moving. Go watch a Markeloff POV from 1.6. Now watch one of the top 'fast' GO awpers like KennyS and you'll see that even they are slow as shit with their peeks and quickscopes. AWP has had its skill ceiling crushed and is all about positioning and hoping your opponent doesnt shut you down, anyone that thinks otherwise is obviously too slow to realize.
2nvm i just realized ur a eu dmg, still shit
Snipers in games with large maps are fine as long as they're not hitscan, and as long as the only way to one-shot kill someone is with a headshot. If a sniper is skilled enough to pull off a headshot on a running or zig-zagging target at range then they deserve that kill.
9i feel COD and bad company 2 did sniping bestwhy? rifle sway and bullet dropnow imagine there was a game that incorporated BOTH of those mechanicssniping would be more realistic and therefore balanced and even having 1 shot kills would be less of a pain damage should be like 89 - 100 depending on where the target is hit though, kinda like the scout in CS
1Maybe for autists such as yourself.
3autists shouldnt have funwow this is a new low for /v/
22The awp is 100% accurate after scoping. Idk what you are on about.Also, americans suck dick. That's why DMG = GE on american servers.
0ZR68-L boyz represent
5There always is some inaccuracy even after standing still.With the deagle for example you have to stand 2 seconds motionless for example to be completely accurate.
08Holy shit i was just about to postrip M41L may you never be forgotten
5Seriously go try quickscoping on an offline server and see where your shots land. Fire as soon as the scope is onscreen.Also I know this is finnicky bullshit but it isn't ever 100% accurate. Try firing from d2 pit to goose a bunch of times and see how the grouping is.Euro DMG = Nova after they broke ranks, let's be honest here.
4Forgot to quote the important part:InaccuracyStand values:AWP scoped fully: 2.20
8:3
4There always is some inaccuracy even after standing still.With the deagle for example you have to stand 2 seconds motionless for example to be completely accurate.Deagle is a very bad example because its not the awp.The awp is not inaccurate enough to make a difference.
5How inaccurate does a weapon have to be "ti make enough difference"?
4I can agree that 100% is an overstatement and false, but the actual grouping is 99% or 98%, its not that big of a difference unless you are shooting at really long distances like in some surf maps.Also, european players are miles in front of americans so i don't get the DMG=Nova shit. Does that mean americans are all silvers?

3but the actual grouping is 99% or 98%,Now you're just talking out of your ass. It's measured degrees of a cone of fire.Also there is a huge decay from walking to stand still to being at the lowest possible inaccuracy value.This is what the goalpost was saying and its 100% correct.
5When you miss HS in de_dust2 long because the gun is inaccurate.
Countering AWPers isn't hard. Smoke off their line of sight, keep away from long open areas, use flashbangs, work as a team.The bonus is you can cripple their economy by killing them.

7SoftcoreSpotting markersIn addition to playing reconNo skill at all, go home. You are the most useless member of a BC2 team
2The AWP can be inaccurate as fuck when you are running ofc, im not saying that. Im saying that the gun when firing still is not inaccurate enough to make a significant difference for a human on normal maps.
5fightan?or are you talking about shit that casual shitters watch, like gridiron football and league?
5But I kill things pretty effectively
0air supportbruh we are talking about counter-strike
Easiest way to tell if someone is a casual/shitter is if they defend the AWP. Even people who have learned how to handle it can accept how bullshit and boring it is.
3Hi there!You seem to have made a bit of a mistake in your post. Luckily, the users of 4chan are always willing to help you clear this problem right up! You appear to have used a tripcode when posting, but your identity has nothing at all to do with the conversation! Whoops! You should always remember to stop using your tripcode when the thread it was used for is gone, unless another one is started! Posting with a tripcode when it isn't necessary is poor form. You should always try to post anonymously, unless your identity is absolutely vital to the post that you're making!Now, there's no need to thank me - I'm just doing my bait to help you get used to the anonymous image-board culture!
8SRS only, baby.all that rage when you erase half of the team from a few hundred metersnobody even tries to flank or rush
5If you're playing competitive then there's only ever going to be a MAX of two AWPs on a side in a full buy. The rest should all have AKs or M4s.
6Someone hasn't been matched against a triple Final Round Sunsinger team with THE RAM equiped in trials yet
be global elite, ESEA 13 rwsmfw i just flashbang and headshot awpersit's so easy its a joke
, 
We dit it bros. We did it.ONLY 92 days until the greatest video game of all time, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, will release.How does this make you feel /v/?
keep gargling that kojima kock
8fuck off with your weeb shit.
We didn't fucking do anything.
OP is a faggot
Afraid of premature death for the first time.But what did we do exactly?
Op please continue posting this every day.Every day I wake up I roll over search MGS5 News on my phone.
It'll be a massive dissapointment and a substantial part of /v/ will lose their hope in videogames
MGS threads are getting more retarded than the usual since the PC port was announced.
8Next StationClarkson
All of a sudden microtransactions because Konami's focusing on their mobile gaming bracket more
8That's not FFXVFFXV will blow mgsv out of the water in every goddamn regard. actual open worldgreat animationsdeep combat system instead of half baked sneaking and an over reliance on snipingisnt held back by last gen graphicsbetter voice actorseven the demo was far better Anyone who thinks mgsv will be bbetter than FFXV is delusional
These constant MGSV hype threads are just making me less excited.
POMGS4PWGZWhy do you care about this game again? The series is shit and the last 4 games were abominations.
1How can you be so wrong in only one posttake your gay weeb shit, with 20FPS and press X to do cool animation out of here
2gay weeb shitActually the most grind FF has been and with less weeb shit that last or mgsv20fpsOn an unoptimised built its sitting at 28, actually press x to do cool animationWhat, you dont like a good and responsive combat system? Kind of ironic when mgsv is "press R1 to deck your opponent" with absolutely no need for strategy or tactics.
3character depth and look is Sasuke-tier its sitting at 28, actually it's 32 frames less than how GZ ran on 8gen consoleswith absolutely no need for strategy or tacticscan't even be bothered to insult you, you are only embarissing yourself
3Silky smooth 28fps
8its already taken over by konami, what do you expect?It will be DLC ridden with F2P item mall
8Is MGS the most viraled game on /v/?
8transperthEvery time.
3My nig
8No, that would be The Witcher® 3: Wild Hunt.
9GZ isn't a game, it's a demo
8Even if it was only GZ but with more content and areas, it would still be the best game ever created. We already know it's going to be even more than that from all the trailers and info we've gotten.
9PW is the best game in the series, GZ is amazing and shows how amazing TPP will be.
4we shurfifed this long
8MOSTVIRALEDGAME
94badPWbadGZbad
37straya?
, 
, 
New XCOMyes shill whatever
Unless they give you the ability to have gigantic squads of 10 or more people, I'm not interested.
4New xcom game will be announced on mondayThey just announced it by making an announcement that they will announce a new game. You can't announce making an announcement while stating exactly what that announcement will be, or else you've done it already.
5Have you tried the Long War mod?
9They just said they will announce a new game today. But its obvious it will be XCOM2.
But Enemy Unknown isn't that old and has only had one expansion.Guys we need to release a new gameBUT WE HAVE LITERALLY NO IDEASFuck it, let's just remake that game we made 3 years ago.
4nigga 3 years are passed, if we can have a new game now im ok with that
long war still not done for EW
3firaxisstudio with tradition of 3 expansion before new sequelnaaaahh
4to be honest the game needs to be remadethis engine is fuckign terrible and the LOS and destruction is shit
0What are you talking about, anon? LW has been developing on EW for more than year.
4new firaxis gameyou're a retard of biggest magnitude if you're excited
0The developers said its basically done because there's not much else they can do and its all about bug fixes now and their new game.
Cool
Fuck yes. I'm excited.
What does this advent Illuminati thing have to do with xcom? Looks more like an original game than anything related to xcom.
4Hidden referencesOn my phone, but I'm sure someone in this thread has some screencaps
4What does this advent Illuminati thing have to do with xcom?xcom fontxcom assetsxcom signs
4It had 3 at least if you are gonna complain know your shitSlingshot, Color camos, Enemy Within
3I would only consider Enemy Within an "expansion" personally.
4new XCom game to be announced85% chance to arouse interestmissedmissedmissed
6pirates turncriticalshill is panicking
6Not getting 100% through strategyThis is a cat, hes laughing at you
If only they'd - drop cartoony visuals for a more gritty look- have complex physics and environmental destruction- bring back meaningful base management and multiple squads- bring back stats/complex builds/items or anything else to add depth to a team rooster- go back to older UI by not making the game for console and thus fucking it for mouse/kb usersBasically make Xenonauts with a larger budget and less bugs.I bet it's much worse and it's not going to be a turn based XCOM and instead they do another shitty spinoff like The Bureau: XCOM DeclassifiedI'd not mind a semi real-time mode like in XCOM: Apocalypse or Fallout: Tactics either
9implying it isn't laughing at your macbook
They're skipping Terror from the DeepI want to fight aliens in the ocean, dammit.
3 years and im still not good enough to play Long WarIm sorry /v/, i failed you
there is openxcomthere won't be a need for another casual consolized xcom for mouthbreathing consoletards
They need to implement some proper shooting physics, the retarded shit we had in EU are embarrassing for thisgen.
I hope it will turn out good, Xcom enemy unknown was the most pleasant surprise I've had on a game i thought would come out shit since deux ex.Granted i haven't bothered with long war yet since regular game had me occupied for a long time though mechs made some parts trivial
I wish Long War wasn't so retardly tedious at times
5I wish it wasnt so hard. I really liked the new classes, perks and weapons. But i never survived for more than a couple of months
Decided to buy the iOS game even though I clocked god knows how many hours on PC.The game is either too easy or too hard. Get off to a bad start don't launch satellites quickly and you'll be playing catch up for a long time and missions like Newfoundland and terror missions will be that much harder.On the other hand, get them out early and the game's a cakewalk. And once you've got plasma weapons and titan armor, forget it.
33There's mod called easy long war or something that makes things easier.
It's more like new system shock.
I tried to like long war but there is too much randomness.
7I tried to like BET but there is too many blacks
people care about new XCOMFor real?
wanting new shitty xcomif only they'd kept time untis...
, 
, 
Okay people, Q2 was fiscally sound but what do we do for Q3? Let's give those monkeys down in development a real challenge this time.
Why is every fucking Nintendo character blue eyed? Pic related is only a few examples
2localization
Japanese have a stiffy for Germans.
Indicator that someone has a soul.
Being attractive is a good thing.
MASTER RACEICH BIN EIN BERLINER
Because anything that aren't blue eyes are objectively shit or foreign, the two usually come as a pair.
2Blue eyes are the master race
2To appeal to the western market.
2Mudshits not allowed
8dank
Once that pigment removing procedure becomes common everyone will have blue eyes.
Japs love westerners.
mfw you can make Tumblr and American news media give Nintendo countless amounts of shit if you rumor they're even slightly racistWould be fun
For some reason Japanese people REALLY like white people
2Mario & Luigi supposed to be ItalianBlue eyesAnyway, Luigi used to sometimes be portrayed with green eyes.
2g-green eyes master race!t-they don't know shit
8The cartoon doesn't count.
2Because master race.It's a no risk, cheapass way to help make your design stand out, that's why.Just like when Nomura went from brunette to blonde for Cloud Strife.
0is there even a nintendo villain that has blue eyes?
7Maybe, and only if they're outside of Japan.
8Yes?Though he's admittedly been a hero more than a villain.
6Only females are brunette.brunbrownettelook at me im6a unique snowflake gurrl heehee xD
Mario and Luigi are quite often portrayed with fully black eyes, ala the Disney school of design.
8A few Koopalings.
7Japanese really love white peopleYou're fucking fooling yourself. Blue eyes are a stereotype in the "white people" appearance. Such as blond hair is too.Most Japs like portraying themselves as "tall, dark and handsome", not whitey mccrackerhonkey. Japs hate outsiders. They always have.
4Well good thing it wasn't a phenomenon exclusive to the show then.
Koopas have blue eyes!
Lucina has ____
7cute!!
2Donkey Kong says fuck you.
8well fuck you too Donkey Kong you're a fucking gorilla
5whitey mcrackerhonkeyWell that was a blast from the past.
8But as soon as they made a "cute" Kong this happened.
2They changed Samus' eyes to green but then the fans cried and they had to change it back.
5Wut.Anime character basically look the way they do because of 70s and 80s designers' facination with hollywood actors, not too long after Tezuka imported the enormous eyes from fucking Bambi.
3Sure, she IS a britbong design though.
2having to constantly squint anytime between 8 and 5pm when outsidecant wait for those fgts tears literally
3That would explain the green eyes.
3Modern DK is also a britbong design though.
2They aren't inbreeds.They're pure white.
Green eyed Samus is better.
tfw shit tier brown hair and brown eyesWill I at least be allowed to be pressed into servitude instead of killed when the purges come?
9The Other M design is better than the Smash 4 design in general. Green eyes, non retarded hair, heels are still impractical but at least they don't look like she's wearing bike handles on her feet.Smash 4 Samus is just a really poorly modeled character and I hate that she's going to be shoved down our throats for the next couple of years.
0implying Germans have blue eyes
1You are 100% right. The wedge heels would also make more sense to have rocket motors and shit in them than the bike handle basketball shoes.
1I don't care if something is practical or not but if you're gonna stick high heels on something they should be stylish and cool looking.I'm not saying the Other M heels were that but at least they were less of an eyesore.
5I'm not saying the Other M heels wereThey are though. Wedge heel boots are cool and stylish.
0They looked cool in the concept art but not in the actual game imo.
 SOON 
7NEVER EVER
7So... when is this actually happening?
Now?
4this is the greatest rusecruise
2The tournament has been shifted to another website or is this for the time?
2is this the actual season 2 which people actually agreed on or the "reddit made fifty more hunger games and now suggested that we make another round in a week" season 2
40Idunno. Just saw this posted earlier this morning.I have no part other than sharing that link.
0mehthen again i think it was actually agreed on to be sometime around this timewe'll see and by that i mean that i am going to skim the archives
00well shit it might be legit this timetomoko posted itwhich one of the many op's was a fag again
7I want Ender's Game for flashy as fuck space battles.And cool bug aliens.
Whoa, hey guys! It's me again!Just 12 hours to go until the big bout, where we pit 48 guys against each other and see how they turn out. It's getting exciting.Just want to know who else will be hosting besides the usual host, Tomoko. I bet he's snoozing right now, so he can't reply.
0hey can you remind meis this the legit second season or a plebbit second seasonalso which one of you guys was the annoying as fuck op
9As far as I recall, that one guy who calls himself HungerDude was bashed to death because he skipped a few contenders. Standard protocol says it first 48. He didn't seem to follow through. Such a wonder how we stick to invisible rules that everyone seems to agree on.
6i think one of you other folks also ended up skipping one or two vidya entries thoughoh wellso is this the legit season 2? i need to get some drawfaggan in again
4Yeah, this is it. Just wait until Tomoko posts. That'll confirm your suspicions.By the way, there's not enough Weeb Saibot OC, or any unnoticed OC for that matter. Oh well. Whatever suits the drawfags. And there will be many of them this time around.
7mildly excited thencan't wait to contribute with some shitty stuff again
7Are you fags ready REV UP THOSE YELLOW FACE IMAGES
7yay
who will be the new NEVER EVER
4Any thing related to /co/
4smt
7What the game will be about? Sitting in the forest for few weeks and doing nothing?
Hey anon what is your favorite Harvest Moon game?Any similar games you would recommend to other anons?HARVEST MOON THREADRune Factory is also welcomed in this thread
3I fell in love with zac from mineral town and would just follow him around for days
Magical Melody has the best music.Fight me faggets.
I have only played the SNES version, and I loved it.Don't really have interest in the newer ones.
Don't mind me just posting one of the best Harvest Moon games in existence!Pros-Can play as a boy or girl-Features characters from multiple games-11 waifus / 11 husbandos to choose from-Great farming system-Fishing isn't boring-Best mining mechanics-Game doesn't force you to rush-Good replay-ability-Good music-Fast load times-Great customization freedom-BEST WAIFUS/HUSBANDOSCons-Animations are more longer than most HM games-Other harvest moon games aren't as great as this one-Don't play the Wii versionIf I peaked your interest in the game here's a small wiki page that shows what the game is all about
Back to Nature is my favorite. Was actually my third HM game after SNES and 64. Something about it just seemed more fun and charming. I haven't really liked a HM game released since. Can't put my finger exactly on why.
The series is now called Story of Seasons.
DS
9
So why isn't Rosaline in Mario & Sonic at the Rio Olympic games?
"Space" isn't an Olympic country.
7Well Nintendo's just lost one sale.
7unlockable with the Rosalina Amiibo
She's protesting it
I need Binding of Isaac: Rebirth advice, /v/.I'm in the boss rush and I cannot decide between one of the four items. Items in question are Proptosis, Lost Contact, Sissy Longlegs and Bobby-Bomb. Needless to say the two I'm trying to decide between are the Contact and Proptosis.Currently my health sits at six heart containers, and my spacebar is book of belial. I have Flaming Mind and 20/20 as well.The question is, /v/...which item should I pick?
Sissy Longlegs sounds amusing
2Bobby Bomb if you rely on bombs for damageProptosis is greatLost contact can be decent but is outright terrible if you have low attack speedSissy longlegs is meh
2Always aim for better damageIf you hurt enemies enough, get the Lost Contact, this should be very helpful against The Lamb or Isaac/???
Isaac thread?I'm still pissed
4It's a gamble. How fun.
OP here. I took Proptosis, wrecked the boss rush room, and was awarded Blood of the Martyr as my reward. I now have stacks of damage, and I leave this thread to you. Have fun and thanks.
4bomb the skullsbomb the key beggarstay close to devil beggar for health glitching and get a new itempost again on this thread and check your last digit: evens, you get the items nr. 2 and 4, odds, take 1, 3 and 5wow that was hard to do
2filename
6he went twisted with madness during a week and went to /v/ to find a BoI thread to post this screenshot to seek adviceanyway, the Lost will get spectral tears in Afterbirth, about time
1Will Afterbirth be free or will i have to shekel up?
What's a good Video Game where you play as a small character Kobolds/Gnomes etc, roughing up mighty foes despite height and power?
2Pikmin, wonderful 101, monster hunter
2Some roguelikes allow you to play as smaller races. Crawl, Angband I think, Incursion.
0what's the learning curve if i want to get into RL
3It really depends on the RL in question and on how willing are you to get involved with the community. I'm mostly familiar with Crawl and it's not a hard roguelike to get into, and you can always get good advice on the forum.
T-this isn't v-video games!
I can't believe there is a market for shit like this. Power to them but god damn, people will put down cash for almost anything.
7Steam has porn now?
5da libertarian dweem
7Well it says Streaming Videos so why would you assume its Video game
Then stop posting this crap here, we already have enough faggots thanks to all those youtubers threads, stop making it worse.
0what does this have to do with libertarianism? you're retarded
3You never knew about Sakura Spirit?
oponnent is sorry
6OPonnet is sorry
6daddy didnt give him good advice
it didn't get bigger when he pulled on it
opponnent hummshmmmm
oponnent rips the skin
opponent gets told that there is a possibbility to not rip the skin by using someone else's mouth
opponent went into the wrong fight
quality thread guys, thanks for being here
6sauce of the video? For evaluation purposes of course
5Boy BandThere's a sexless verison on youtube but didn't manage to find the full version
54Searching for Boy Band Catalina may be easier to find
5
"Sorry for what?", I ask him

5It's a really bad porno, don't expect to get a boner from it.
4259Thanks guys gonna enjoy meself with the whole thing!
9But bad gay porn is kind of my fetish. Does no one have the full sauce?
8Take my suggestion, watch it with a group of friends, funniest 36 minutes ever
5you, Sally
PLAYSTATION
1Where's the rest
5that oblivion I heard?
opponent is female
opponent is a snake
The opponent story is macabre
opponent feels asleep
opponent is perry
Is it weird that i want to lick his bald head?
8WAKE UP!!!
1JUST
LICK
1Why the fuck has he a tatoo of my cities coat of arms?
2Get out of here you filthy Lannister.

OVER, NINTENDO IS FINISHED & BANKRUPT
if I keep spamming that false flag news it will be true!
5GUYS this random website made by a crazy guy living out in the boonies says nintendo is going bankrupt! IT MUST BE TRUUUUUUUUU
Anyone played this moba that will shit on LoL and Dota?
0AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Yes, I've played it, it's shit. Also you can craft your own items which is beyond retarded. P.S. The artstyle is even more terrible than LoL and that's saying something.
tfw when its impossible to find out if you're a kid or a squid
if NOWyou're a squidif NOWyou're a kidits not difficult
When will this meme end
4squidkid
Aha. I get that reference, Original PosterDo you also play a Splat-Toon game on a video game console called Wee You? I saw the commercials, and was hooked from the start. Playing as a kid, who is also a squid, what a twist!
4Dank meme xD
You're a brony. Except your shit was already forgotten by most.
I'm a squid who dreamt he was a kid and loved it. But now the dream is over... and the squid is awake.I'm saying... I'll splat you if you stay.If you know what I'm quoting, you are mah squigga.
:loopIf squid = true kid = falseelse if squid = false kid truegoto loop
At this very moment, you are a kid.In the next, you will be a squid, after which, you will be a kid once more.This shall repeat ad infinitum.
buy Splatoon yesterdayenter Plazaliterally all of the miiverse drawing and posts are faggy /v/ le memesSQUID KID SQUID KID, a spongebob quote, IT WAS ME DIO, posts about squid Lolis, suggestive inkling drawings, drawings of pepe, use of the phrase "dank memes"Jesus fucking Christ, /v/. Why can't you fucking retards keep your le epic memes to yourselves? Like fuck.
I'm not artistic enough to make an edit, so just imagine the white as kid and the black as squid.
So, in spite of the whole graphical downgrade thing and numerous glitches expected in an open world, the game is good. At least I'm enjoying it.How has it sold so far?Did CDPR reach their objective?
Well, it managed to avoid the greatest potential pitfalls like completely fucked up sense of scale, think of Skyrim with capital city of 5 buildings and 20 some NPCs, there's some damn good quests and stuff like atmosphere and music are good. I've enjoyed it a great deal.However, while good execution of the designs has disguised the problem a bit and the quality of the actual content makes you not really care, I'd go as far as saying it's an awfully designed game. For starters, why the fuck did it have to be open world? It's a themepark with zero emergence, structured exactly as though a hub-based game would be. You agree to meet with an NPC at certain location, they just teleport there unless the devs specifically coded in an escort event. There's a monster roaming about in the village? It doesn't interact with the NPCs in any way, you can even go to its lair and find nothing because it doesn't even exist until a quest spawns it! And what does the game to show off for open world? Long stretches of nothingness okay, the world is actually rather dense, but it could be denser without losing anything of worth, interrupted only by bandit camp filler content, the existence of which probably made CDPR feel obliged to implement various other awful designs.Continuing
1Think of loot, for example: How to justify the existence of the smuggler's caches etc? Add loot, of course! And now consider how the it turned out: out of the hundreds of artifact weapons or their recipes you encounter, almost every single one of them is worthless, either because it's too low level or because they're far too high level for you to use you might find recipes for level 30 equipment at level 5 or just has shitty stats.This applies even to story-related equipment that you actually have to earn through effort stuff like the custom-made sword Hattori crafts to you. Worthless. Actually, after level 10 or so, I didn't use ANY equipment I found or earned because the crafted Witcher equipment was superior. And was that rewarding to get? No, because I already had had the recipes for a while which in themselves are "earned" by following an arrow and the only factor that delayed me from getting them was level requirements which basically comes down to doing main quests, as those make up vast majority of all XP you earn.The loot system isn't just game-y, offensively unthematic you can't equip a piece of gear because of reasons and apologetic following of RPG conventions, it even manages to take away the joy of finding loot. And this is just one aspect of terrible design and just one handicap going open world might have brought to the game. Even stuff like clumsy movement might be indirectly related to open world Geralt is so fast that he becomes unwieldy, "robust" movement system that's unlikely to get you stuck while climbing mountains etc. results in all sorts of glitchy behaviour and there are so many shit designs I get why they'd implement autoreplenishing potions, it'd be a pain in the ass to grind for specific types of herbs... but wait! TW1 already had this fucking problem solved with alchemical substance system! Why the fuck didn't they use good systems from previous games!?
4game-yFuck off Ken Levine.
1Bioshock games are extremely game-y as well. Dwarf Fortress, UnReal World and Dominions are examples of low-abstraction games simulation of organ damage instead of using a shitty HP abstraction, that kind of stuff and they're much better for it in-depth systems that are still comparatively intuitive because things work as you'd expect them to, enormous emergent gameplay and narrative potential because the deep mechanics allow various things to happen and because they are "true", Dominions in particular has really excellent worldbuilding because mechanics support it rather than working against it....
4I'll agree about the weapons. It was irritating carrying around a weapon for 10+ levels only to find when I arrive there that its stats are garbage compared to my other gear. They should have made all weapons upgradeable. As it is, they all feel disposable even though it seems I was mean to get somewhat attached to them having names and all.That said, I have no answer to the op's question about how it sold but I imagine it did fine. I fucking loved the game overall, despite a few minor gripes.
9Dunno, it was alright, but I got bored 7 hours in.
It's too gamey. Made for little kids who induldge in sexual fantasies and autistic manchildren who want to spend years grinding to 100% a game.
1There's a monster roaming about in the village? It doesn't interact with the NPCs in any way, you can even go to its lair and find nothing because it doesn't even exist until a quest spawns ityou can activate witcher contracts not only by picking the contracts, but by finding even accidentaly some cluse that lead geralt to think that some monster ravage the areaThat's happen to me a lot, for example the contract of the missing nilfgaardian patrol squad. Another one was a contract about a noonwraith near Drahim Castle: i found some strange things around, geralt follow the clues and deduce that maybe there is a contract avaliable for that monster.
7This. Too bad the mysoginistic neckbeard community is holding gaming at its throat.
haha we nintendo we make snes which was good console and well received and have good 1st party and 3rd party supportoh shit sony make playstation lets make stronger console3rd Party: Our games are too big for your cartridges, we what Sony has.oh shit playstation outsell us 3 to 1 we make console with discs except tiny3rd Party: Our games are too big for your discs, we what Sony has.gamecube sell like shit we overclock it and resell it as wii with motion control gimmick oh look everyone buy it3rd Party: Our games are too powerful for your cartridges, we need what Sony has.oh shit nobody play wii after 2009 because casuals now play smartphone we make xbox 360 with tablet to attract casuals and beg 3rd parties to make games for us3rd Party: Our games are too strong for your console, we need what Sony has.oh shit wii u no sell we make android console next to everybody hack it and get our games free and no one want to develop for us 3rd parties pls comeHow has this company not gone fucking bankrupt? Their hardware team is run by fucking morons.
meanwhile we casualise all our games to shit by removing our well laid out difficulty curves and replace with white tanooki suit and super horn
cringe thread?
4Sony going into full shill mode
"It's not a bad GAME, but it's a bad insert franchise game! :^ "
0Metroid other m
0That makes perfect sense though, faggot.
0homostuck
Makes sense. A game can be good on its own merits, but not be good for the reasons you'd expect and want a game in X franchise to be.If Half Life 3 turns out to be an excellently made RTS, it will be a good game, but a disappointment to Half Life fans.
6You're retarded.
not playing SBURB RIGHT NOW
But Halo 4 wasn't a bad game, it was just a horrible Halo game.
0homestucktumblr filenameis this bait
8Damn son you really got me good.
0its true for RE4
fagstuck
0Except that makes complete fucking sense, you homosuck reading tumblr-browsing mongoloid.Especially in the case of spinoffs. Of course MGR is a bad stealth game, it's a fucking hack n slash.
2maybe he just googled karkat angry or something
Yes, that's a statement that's occasionally used to critique a videogame. Why does it need a thread?
0You can have a game that is decent but still have it be a let down in terms of the series. But I wouldn't trust someone that likes Homestruck to be a intelligent or be an adequate judge of taste to begin with.
/co/homostuck please leave.
0I hate when people say it about Dark Souls 2 while it's basically a Dark Souls clone.
people will never stop thinking pre-act6 homestuck is bad because the fanbase is bad
braindead fanatics of the franchise hating the most unique game in it
0Implying this isn't 100% true for Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts and Bolts
0This is a real thing.DaS2
9Lol Nickolas cages is such le bad actur xDWaTcH mE tYpE lIKe ThIs bEcAuSe ItS ePiC
0phoenix wright vs professor layton comes to mind. The game is alright, but compared to the parent franchises it lags behind.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HOMESTUCK YOU FUCKING NORMIES???
3What the fuck is wrong with you? You realize that trolls are a parody of shitty internet users thus their name and that's why they're so annoying, right? Some retards don't realize the irony.
6But Souls games aren't decent aRPGs, their only positive points ARE the atmosphere and Wabi-Sabi shit.
1It would be easier to say what is right with it.
1HomestuckNot literally the most normie mcnormalton normallows norm paradepick 1
0lol don't be a silly billy anonanon's being a silly billy again!
0The fact that faggots like yourself push this garbage into people's faces then get all pissy when people shit on you for liking such garbage.Just get past act 1Just read through 700 pages of unfunny, cringeworthy, reddit-tier jokes! THEN it gets good!No.Fuck yourself.
pic related
1Why are you putting words in my mouth? We don't need another retard in the fanbase.
2I think retards would feel right at home in the fanbase.
9That's why I say another, learn to read. I guess that's why you weren't able to read a comic for children.
0Invisible War
0homestuck Kill yourself
5I am not even the original person you replied to.
It's not a good 9 get but it is a good off by one get
post Homestuck in the OP with a topic tangentially related to vidyaguaranteed repliesjanitors ignore it
What is, Banjo N&B
1It flipped deadric upside down and pretended it was a language it invented
4homestuck is vidya now, they can't do anything4hussie literally made fun of it when he did it
8Self aware shitness is still shitness
Prepping your rig for summer, /v/?
2I''L GIVE IT A BLOW DOWN SOON.I SWEAR
Don't have to, I play on PS4
tfw basement dweller
rigback to reddit
6how are the temps?
2Yep. I purchased an airconditioner.I win this time, nature.If I play games right now, room temp becomes 30 celsiusgonna push that down to 23 celsius entire summer.even when ambient temps outside becomes 40 celsius.my computer temps are hitting 27c idle, watercooled.
2I am head of household. I can turn up the AC if I want.
8I'm bottom panel all year long.
2Ironically I use an AC in my room during summer, andmy room is the mecca for the heat vents so if anyone is cold during the winter my room is hot as hell. Those pictures are reverse for me. Not sure if that is a good thing though.
Something is fucked with my GPU fan. It randomly jumps between 1000 RPM and 4000 RPM with no in between for no fucking reason and doesn't take orders from any software I've tried.And it doesn't seem to have anything to do with the temps because those are always fine.
5My gpu fan runs at 0 RPMthat feel when no fan at allmuh watercooling
5What do you think i look like?RadioShack?
tfw its finally winterpc runs like a dream, but i have to play from underneath my blanketit's worth it
I don't need to prep shit, I bought a nice aftermarket cooler and thus my rig doesn't ever get too hot.
2oi mate throw some shrimp on the gpu
Nope
summer86 degrees outsidetrying to play Witcher 3 on my shitty PC with a grow-op in the same room
No need, built a new rig before summer.Runs like a dream, it'll be a while before I need to overclock and red line it to get the job done.
109 F todaymfw I am not prepared for this summerWe are all gonna melt.
2first day of winter here in strayathese temps and I've been playing GTA the past hour, 3 months of bliss
Nope witcher 3 was the last game to come out worth playing so I'm good for a year or so.
5What is the ventilation/airflow like on your computer. When was the last time you took your computer outside and wiped the dust off the fans?
Be in AustraliaWinter is coming uplmao
5mecca for the heat ventsI legit laughed. That is a fantastic way of wording it.
Has anyone else played this? It's a fucking awesome cyberpunk point and click game. It fucking nails it on the presentation and the writing as well as the gameplay, even if the voice acting is a bit weak.
I just finished it yesterday, OP. My favorite level was pic related.Not lying and getting the fat not-chinese guy thrown out of the window
The endings left me confused. Two different cliffhangers? The fuck? It's not like the game is gonna have a sequel for each ending, right?
honestly liked it more than the blackwell legacy, they should keep working on this and make sequels
Who was that muslim bitch anyways? She asked for my help on the last level but I only had the options of helping Nina or Central. Did I bug my game somehow? It's not like I wanted to help the whore but I did want to see her ending if she has one.
6I wanted to have the option to throw BOTH of them out of the window, they're assholes.
6Why was the black senator still hanging out with those two fags by the end of the game? You'd think after I saved his ass he'd stop associating with those dipshits.
Cyberpunk? You have my attention, please tell me more without spoiling, chummers.
There's not much we can tell you without entering spoiler territory. It's a game where you play as1 A NEET girl that spends her entire life browsing the virtual reality internet until one fateful night when her whole shit gets thrown upside down.2 Two cyber cops investigating a global serial killer that kills his victims by irreparably mindjacking them, stealing away all their knowledge and memories while leaving nothing but scarred bits on what remains of their craniumsOne of the most seemingly innocuous and PG versions of the generic cyber punk setting, until you unveil the initial layers and see it's very, very, very macabre interior.
2Meant to reply to:3
Well shit, my gf has been wanting to write a rather similar story for a PnC adventure lately. Guess I'll have to show her this then.
, 
I'm having fun playing video games band there's nothing you can do to stop me.
cool mind posting some of your music?
Post all of the smash plays
tfw applying my previously useless perfect-pivoting skill to Little MacThe ability to back up and then come back with a forward smash instantly is so good.
3in 3 stock FFA with friendsplay as Little Macget 8 kills and 1 deathThis guy literally is disgusting in four player Smash. Between his speed and armour he can so safely get into scrums and get out safely.
didnt know you couldnt absorb samus's missiles with ness's down b, htis japanese nigga kept switching it up with the charge shots still won anyways tho

8nice repost, but the original article is about the dena deal.
8Being Nintendo must be tough.All this retarded shit people are making up and all these intentional wrong interpretations of clear statements.Everybody is so sensationalist.Why not just wait these two weeks and watch E3? Surely that will offer enough material to talk about.
8Slowpoke.jpg
We just had this thread.Baseless rumors and speculation.Wait for 2017
I highly doubt that NX will be a successful platformI don't see it doing better than Wii U at all
7Should have posted her dancing.
Uh, congrats?
it's more likely they use unity for their next console since there's already framework for it in the wiiU and 3ds
awful story modeno character specific endingsmany cut characters 3 mimicsway less content than previous titlesI have never been so disappointed in my life.
caring about story, characters and other shit in fighting game Stop being a bitch. This game has best gameplay in the series.
7Wasn't sc known for having really quality and lasting single player content? I can't believe that huge step back of 5 didn't bother you.
5Well because I bought it to play with friends. And then I played it with friends. And it was great.
, 
Diablo series, torchlight series, path of exileWhich of these action rpgs is best as a single player experience? I don't want to touch trading or endgame grinding.
I don't want to touch trading or endgame grinding.Why play then? These games are not about the story.
thanks doc
Probably Diablo if you just want story/gameplay.Everyone says D3 is the worst thing ever granted, it was pretty horrid at release but the expansion did wonders for it. The gameplay is probably the best in any ARPG out there. At least in terms of how fluid and satisfying skills feel to use.
they are fine solo but best with at least 1 buddy. torchlight is the most solo friendly though
Titan Quest
Thanks doc
this dosis is not enough doc
I liked torchlight the most of the three.
7I need a higher dosage, doc
You guys convinced me to go down on M&B:Warband, and I fucking love it!I'm just wondering how MP works--is it possible to run around the map with other players, co-op campaign style DLCs included? Or is it purely PvP up to 64 player instances?
5Any MP in any M&B is purely PvP, from what I know.I also don't know of any co-op mods.
9cool beans, thanks for the quick reply
5no campaigns, its all deathmatches, usually its played on team dealthmatches.There are also mods like cRPG mod which gives MP a little more depth.
5I bought it yesterday too. It's neat. What's the most fun and interesting build? A nobles son, a peasant, a lady, or some lowly slut?
9There IS a co-op mod but its very broken. For the battles you have to save your overworld, disconnect and join a separate server for the battle
3Noble son is easymode, which is ok if you're a first time.If you want harder go low-born female, not a huge step up, since it only gives you less initial money, fame and those kind of stats, and it will make some lords dislike you but thats not hard to fix.Picking the right or wrong skills on early game does much more difference on difficulty than picking nobility or gender.
butterlord when
7Maining Glorious Battanians
is it normal to win 1 v 10s? First battle I got in was with some raiders and I just rode around them firring arrows, then ridding down the ones left. It felt pretty unrealistic.
7its normal, my first battle was with 15 raiders and i still won somehow. but i was a noble who's was a former squire so,meh. try installing the game of thrones mod if you're into that. really good
7I'll check it out. Thanks.
9You don't know shit then because there are quite a few of them
where my brodoks at
7rode around themTheres why you won, you had a very clear advantage. Its like saying you ran over 10 people in a car when all they were armed with were knives and you wonder why they never got a stab in. Fight them on foot and say that. No seriously, fighting with footman only armies is a blast, using a horse makes the game incredibly easy to cheese
What's a good mod? I have Native Expansion right now, but these Mercenary Warbands make the game literally unfun.
5This game got boring real fastMe getting bored of doing the same 4 things over and over again led me to cheats which only made it even more boring
01257 is objectively the best mod
2downloading now, ready for fun
6You'll have it anon.
7First battle I got in was with some raiders and I just rode around them firring arrows, then ridding down the ones left.That's exactly why steppe nomads were rape machines in real history.
Where are all the new shooters for PC?Is there really only the new cod or battlefield to look forward to each year now?
Everything is full of rehashes and fucking ripoffsits not only video games, fucking everythinganime,manga,VNs,music,artlol,memes,websiteseverything is fucking ass
4looking forward to cod or battlefieldwhy?
4I don't get what that picture is trying to convey?Panic that I've dropped my AK47?
4Nothing is original, everything is a repost of a repost.
KF2 is still pretty fresh.
4People who have skill moved to Arma 3 which is still fun.
1Aw shit, forgot about KF2. Have to look up if they added more content.5Arma 3 is a nightmare to control with way too many buttons for input.
3but that was always the case in the history of all humanity.I think the internet made it way worse though. its hard to find anything original.Shit, I dont even have a problem if you are CLEARLY inspired by something, but atleast TRY to be your own work instead of just whatever your work is based on 2.0
14 maps 4 perks, experience wipe probably coming at some stageI expect the game to be great once they finish it but it needs work.
5Anybody moving to unoptimized bugfest 2013Sorry anon, but you and I both know that's absolute bullshit.
3lol pleb
4Doom 4 is right around the corner.Killing Floor 2 is gonna exit its Early Access later this year.Serious Sam 4 was supposed to be ETA 2014, so unless Croteam dropped it completely, it should appear sooner or later.
5Arma 3 is a nightmare to control with way too many buttons for input.git gud3If the bugs annoy you there's always Arma 2
4I have tried a lot of new Arena shooters and some are okay but they can't get a solid amount of players. Quake live is alright I guess...
You talking about Quake clones? Why not just play the original?
3I just want a new fast paced FPS in the style, I still play Quake Live but its getting old.
2Yeah they don't make games like that anymore. SS3 was a refreshing retro comeback, check it out if you haven't already. Guess we'll have to wait for Quake VR for the next step-up.
4Arma3, constantly updating with mods etc. Still the best game for shooters
, 
TF2 thread.Why is stock syringe gun so good?
3Because the replacements are shit.
3WHY ARENTY YOU HEALUING SANYNONEESSSSREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
using needleswhen this exists
No self-respecting Medic should bother with the primary weapon anyway. You should be healing or using the Ubersaw.
6last teammate gets killedit's just you versus a scout for the last control pointif he kills you, he winshe's staying out of melee rangemedic wtf why didn't you shoot him?"I, unlike some medics, have self-respect."
The Overdose is a trillion times better. You get to go even faster as the second fastest class, and you don't even need to use it to get the benefit. Plus the only penalty is -10% damage, which hardly matters. I still kill scouts all day.Overdose + Vaccinator = Quick fastness!
But it's not. It's the worst of his options.The Blusauger is better if you're going to be using your Syringe Gun often, and the Overdose has better utility if you don't plan to use your syringe gun often. And don't even get me started on the crossbow.The only reason to use the normal one is if you don't want to commit to the Blutsauger's lower HP regen/having to use your gun more often, but also still think you're gonna use your syringe gun often enough that the 10% damage decrease will be a massive hindrance to you.
playing medic in TF2.I suppose that could be trimmed down to playing TF2, but whatever
Is the vaccinator as good as I feel like it is in pubs? My panic button isn't as much of an I-win button as the uber, and kritz/quickfix obviously have their niches but being able to completely negate certain classes and become essentially invulerable for as long as an uber to specific damage types really quickly is great in pubs
6not snipe-healing teammates
Using non stock weaponsHow those crutches holding up? I bet you wear hats too
1Vaccinator is 100% hands-down no-question the best overall medigun for pubstomping IF you're in constant communications with your pocket.
1Vaccinator is good in pubs but because it's optimal for the heal target to take damage during ubers it's often woefully sub-optimal. I think it can compete with Medigun and Kritz, and if I had a time machine, I'd try to convince Valve to make the stock Medigun work like the Vaccinator. It's much, much more engaging to use. The overheal rate is a serious drawback, though. You have to be pretty good about managing crit heals.
3stockha ha ha haHave fun moving 10% slower than me. Overdose all the way
92015Still using full stock loadoutsHow incredibly boring. I can't imagine anyone still playing TF2 if it wasn't for them adding new stuff to keep it fresh.
never played tf2 hereshould i bother?i like fps' like insurgency and bf 3 sorta
2it's fun but the shitty community and lack of support from valve really drag it down.
3You get to go even faster as the second fastest class, and you don't even need to use it to get the benefit.But the effect is not passive, why are you even using it, man, even the bluts is better
3Overdose only works while you have it out and if you're that close to uber and don't have your medigun out then you're doing it wrong.
I think I'm finally ready for the ingame lobbies update
5Uber readyPerson you're going to use it on diesYou're in a good enough spot that you're not about to die so you don't need to pop the uber to save yourself but you still need to run awayPull out the Overdose and fleeHappens more often then you would think.
1ebin
3There's also a good chance you could have kept your pocket from dying in the first place with xbow burst heals.
1It's usually an instant kill headshot rather than burst damage.
r8
5Could have killed the sniper for him, still applies.
It's all about the crossbow for being the maximum medic
5Hilarious/10, successful wasted uber
5shitty spy/10
2Game is dead.
3Overdose + Vaccinator = Quick fastness!Overdose is bad. Vaccinator is okay.
2You're kinda late but at least it's free now.First play the tutorials or familiarize yourself with the controls.And remember, most of the time the stock weapons are better than the other weapons.Gray text weapons = stockYellow = unlockablesThere's a button to individually mute players if you press ESC and click a square with an ear inside, you'll need this.Don't buy shit from the store since you get 1 weapon every 30-60 minutes.Also if you're good and have no cosmetics people tend to ragequit
972 kinds of people
3if they don't have a wall of sentries or you have smart players, IMO the quick fix is better, as you can take objectives while ubered and it's probably going to be more or less as invulnerable as a normal uber
3still playing this old piece of shit
5what the fuckcrosshairs?Is this what tryhards do now?
2Nigger you're eight years too late.
5Whys your crosshair so huge?
My God. I always thought the Overdose speed buff was passive. I've been gimping myself for so long.
24it makes me feel 1337
I was a moron , I started when it was free to play and economy and community started going to shit , only started the sooner, if only I hadn't caught a case of hat addiction
7he needs a crosshair for melee
1If the enemy doesn't make consistent attacks and instead just sends out 1-2 guys at a time, then it is very good because you're able to actively respond to any threat. Especially good if you have another medic with a pocket running around.I once had a pub game of gravel pit where everyone on my team ended up with more than 50pts each just because they other team would charge one at a time. If they had sent a soldier, a pyro, and a scout at the same time; we wouldn't have won so easily.
3cl_showpos 1
7You can also take objectives while Vaccinated.In general:If you have a team full of medium-heavy classes that seem to be hurting a lot, and you're probably the only medic, go Quick-Fix.If you're with one guy in mic communications, go Vaccinator for ownage, or Kritzkrieg for fun.When in doubt, it never hurts to go normal.
8 years later, still supported by Valvealways nice to get free games from chumps who trade them in exchange for pixels and hatsno_hat mod and vanilla servers for tryhards who hate the new contentnew maps, modes, and content from the community all the timevoice chat with the ability to mute people you don't likeprivate servers for people who hate F2PI'd say this game is still damn good down the line.
3It's a goddam amazing weapon when me and my friend use it, most classes just can't do shit to counter it, the class that has the best chance of countering it is pyro, mainly because airblasts. Also dat possibly bugged crit protection. This weapon made medic 10x more fun.
2no hat modno longer works on valve servers, which by the way have been getting shittier and shittier lately.still supported by valvegood joke m8last update was xmaslast content update before that was a good year and a halfnew mapsall the timeI've been playing the same AD and PL maps for the last 5 fucking years and they've never fixed their older maps.modesbecause rd, sd, and mannpower are all great and fun to playprivate servers existing after quickplay killed everything
1Even in numbers they can't really counter it unless they're pushing really hard, the best way to play is super aggressive, take them out before they can get to you. If you you're good at cycling resists you can generally deal with more than one damage type, just have to prioritize.
1Demoknights and good soldiers can really fuck up a vacc combo.Most of the time just overhealing everyone with the QF is a better choice but at least it's more fun than just holding down m1
5Not Using Auto-HealI Found The Plebian
8no longer works on valve servers, Then don't play on Valve servers. no bodygroups mod still has semblance on modded servers, and clan servers for that matter. A workaround, but it still fits.good joke m8Oh? So who's running the valve servers?I've been playing the same AD and PL maps for the last 5 fucking years and they've never fixed their older maps.Then clearly you didn't play cp_snowplow, or the finished RD_Asteroid. But you'd have to pay attention to their forums to know it.because rd, sd, and mannpower are all great and fun to playYes, they are. I'm sorry you hate fun.private servers existing after quickplay killed everythingimplying quickplay changed anything when people who aren't F2p will just use server list anyway
5Demoknights can be dealt with if your partner is good, i.e. rocket juggling. I play vaccinator with a friend, we have constant voice communication and we've played for years together so we can coordinate well. Demoknights have never been a real serious issue, just have to keep them at a distance and they can't do anything. Soldiers can be a bit trickier, only if they know to switch to shotgun, but even then, shotgun can only get you so far. The biggest threats in my opinion are pyro and the ultimate counter, vaccinator pyro. Pyro is only really an issue because airblast.
Ranked matchmaking when
1Probably about the time Overwatch gets released.The golden age of class-based shooters is soon upon us.
I like using the quick fix and the gun that heals you when you do damage to them. Works well for me.
3the blutsauger is better in every way but i agree it's a really awesome and fun weapon
9Blut is good if you're a more offense focused medic, but if you stick to a pocket, losing that +1 regen can really hurt you. I personally stick to the crossbow.
0Then don't play on Valve serversThey're the only ones left, I wish I could play somewhere else that isn't 24/7 32 player no respawn alltalk fucking dustbowl.Oh? So who's running the valve servers?The community that's filling their bank accounts with mountains of cashThen clearly you didn't play cp_snowplowSnowplow wasn't added to the game. Asteroid was only good in v1 and valve scrapped that because "it's too complicated" so now it's a reskinned 2fort with some of the shittiest geometry I have EVER seen in any map. By the way asteroid still ain't finished.Yes, they are. I'm sorry you hate fun.SD6 mini sentry engineers sitting around the point and everyone else DMing on the other side of the mapTerrible flank routes and very little thought put into it for classes other than heavy and engineer.RD2fort BUT IN SPACEMannpower1 good player gets the powerup they needEnemy team trapped in spawn for 30 minutesimplying quickplay changed anything when people who aren't F2p will just use server list anywayCommunities can't survive on just regulars alone, eventually they will move onto something else. Quickplay killed the flow of new players to servers.
tfw Valve 2fort servers are the only things that give you any self confidence and slow the impending dread of traveling to Gensokyo
3stock syringebest for dedicated battlemedics but xbow and Overdose are better for normal medic ops
1I miss when you could utterly wreck people from long range. The faster reload is nice but it's not the same, the crossbow was my favorite bad weapon
1I quit playing entirely because they added shit that wasn't needed and broke an otherwise perfectly fun and excellently designed game.
3I wear the gibbus when I play to piss off the pdw fags
1oh shitt that's right i forgot they changed it i was thinking of the no crits versioni did switch to the needlegun after that actually haha
7not going shitty instant respawn turbine maps and throwing down a no-fun-allowed mini
3They're the only ones left, I wish I could play somewhere else that isn't 24/7 32 player no respawn alltalk fucking dustbowl.I have a minimum of 20 different non-dustbowl servers alone, all unchanged from valve rules except the clan tags. And I'm finicky about my servers.The community that's filling their bank accounts with mountains of cashNo, Valve runs the servers. They host the item server, they keep tabs on the tournaments, and they keep the community market working. Snowplow wasn't added to the game.Actually, it was. Just never became official. The map was still given to the community.complaining about mini sentriesOh come on. Just sticky.
3Congrats OP. You are one of the few people left who understands how to win at TF2.
6This post is the problem with TF2.New to the game? Dont worry about basics, protips, teamwork or classes. Let me tell you about items and how to mute people.Do not listen to this guy.
2People never call you a hacker and vote to kick you with just minis though, and that's like half the fun
2This, this, this.
2He tells you the best thing though. People will RAGE if you rape them with the gibbus and stock weapons so PLEASE do so! fuck all the faggots that wasted money
4I have a minimum of 20 different non-dustbowl servers aloneWhat are they then? Because I'm looking at the server list right now and the only ones even close to being full are trade servers and the regular skial bullshit.No, Valve runs the servers. They host the item server, they keep tabs on the tournamentsFor a game as big and profitable as TF2 that this is all you can say valve still bothers to do this is pitiful. Hell they can't even do that right, valve servers are laggy as fuck, they were having huge network issues earlier this spring with pings regularly jumping up to 500+ across the server and now the master server has been fucked for the last several weeks on the east coast where thousands of people cannot connect to their servers. The only support they give to the competitive community is making a post on the news page, they have NOT FUCKING ONCE reached out to the competitive community for anything since release and are only now doing it because overwatch is coming out and everybody is sick of valve's shit. Writing up a 5 sentence paragraph is not impressive.and they keep the community market working. Wow they keep their cash cow alive, thank you based valve.Actually, it was. Just never became official. The map was still given to the community.If it's not official, nobodys going to play it.Oh come on. Just sticky.I'm not complaining about them, I'm saying they're not fun to play against so I just avoid that map altogether because nobody actually tries and they don't have too..
26It really is a great feeling. But in a sense I'm a faggot who wasted money myself since I bought the game at release. I've learned too many hard lessons about spending money on video games these past couple years.
7Valve 2fort serveronly dominating 2 people
7The other 6 left between rounds I guess
2What are they thenLet's see, TF2APP, Hellsgamers, LotusClan, Firepowered, Probababyaserver, and Highernation.net for starters. And they each run about 5 different kinds of servers, from ctt_turbine, to Cp_dustbowl, to pl_badwater. The latter even runs a degroot keep server. valve servers are laggy as fuck, they were having huge network issues earlier this spring with pings regularly jumping up to 500+ across the server and now the master server has been fucked for the last several weeks on the east coast where thousands of people cannot connect to their servers. TThat did suck, I actually know what you're talking about. However, it seems to be fixed, as I'm no longer having issues, and I was the one directly affected. It was their virginia servers that went down for a while. However, now I can connect without issue.As for lag spikes, I can't say I've felt them. most I've ever suffered was 100. The only support they give to the competitive community is making a post on the news page,Except they just hosted a highlander tournament.Wow they keep their cash cow alive, thank you based valve.How dare a company want money! They should do everything for free. If it's not official, nobodys going to play it.I see plenty of clan servers disagreeing with you. For example, team Interrobang was hosting the map earlier today. Died down later at night.I'm saying they're not fun to play against Says you. I love it.
1you do not love playing AGAINST mini sentrys no one does.
1these serversHow many of these are fucking 32 man and/or instant spawn? I'm pretty sure TF2APP, LotusClan and Hellsgamers are all immediately unplayable because they fundamentally break the game with their ADD rulesets.
732 man and instant spawn is fun you faggot. Go play csgo if you want to wait to spawn like a casual
3It's easy when you use soldier weapons, strike from a distance with medic crossbows, or just for fun use a spy with diamondback.
9crossbow is not shit
1Hardly, if your tank gets stabbed or something blut has a much better chance of keeping you alive, if you are good with the needles most scouts won't be able to touch you.
3Vanilla TF2 was the only TF2 worth playing.Just goes to show that the free to play business model truly ruins anything it touches.
932 man and instant spawn are both atrocious unless you're trying to strictly DM, in which case you should just be playing DM servers. Instant spawn especially completely fucks the flow of the game and ruins a healthy chunk of what makes the game fun.if you play team fortress with spawn timers then it's basically playing csgoI know you weren't being completely serious, but this line says a lot about you nonetheless.
2Yeah, but it's a different situation for me, with the Vacc I need to stay on my partner most of the time, me dropping healing to go needling can get us killed, I'd much rather have the +1 regen. Chances are if my partner dies I'm going to end up dying too, blut probably won't change that.
1nah the arena update was good as was everything else before the cash shop/F2P hit.
7see k/d ratio and dominations
2Fair, I'm just used to arena in which you will have to end up fending for yourself very often against ravenous scouts/snipers/scouts/pyros or whatever. Plus if some nig comes up behind you when your soldier is in the middle of jumping around killing peopel you can't do much more than try to defend yourself.
8Instant spawn I don't like, but none of the servers I listed have that. However, many of them are 32 man servers, and I don't see the problem there. Bigger team = better fortress.
6only faggot bitch boys complain about 32 man servers
6bigger teams = bigger landslide victories and less possibilities to just fuck around and have fun since you are likely under duress 99% of the time.
6Nearly every good map is designed with between 12 and 24 players in mind. With 32 players, areas which shouldn't be choke points now are, and areas which are choke points are even chokier.It also fucks up wave spawning. Blu spawns faster than Red, so 32 man means Red is constantly under more-than-intended or "more than balanced for" pressure.
1TF2APPAll 24/7 serversOnly two are close to being filled at 18/24HellsgamersEmptyLotusClanAnother 24/7 server setAlmost all of them empty, the closest ones to being filled are 17/24FirepoweredANOTHR 24/7 serverAll emptyProbablyaserverLiterally every set you've posted have been 24/7 serversThis one does have one full though, DUSTBOWLHighernationcp_orange, trade, and degroot, are you shitting me? I can tell what kind of player you are now.Except they just hosted a highlander tournament.[citation needed]How dare a company want moneyWhen you are making money hand over fist you are expected to give back to the community. Valve barely gives us anything and it's always months late.I see plenty of clan servers disagreeing with you.PlentyPLENTYSays you. I love it.I love playing against mini sentriesNow you're just full of shit, go back to r/gaming valve cocksucker.
0Blu spawns faster than Redn-nani?!
2Attackers always have respawn advantage on all maps.
5i hate you gasoli bet your e-gf is fat irl
0less possibilities to just fuck around and have funIf you want to "fuck around" then you can always join a valve server and try out your epic new panic attack+rocket jumper + half zatoichi build. If you want to have fun, you win the game. But in this game, one team always loses, so not everyone will have fun in the same way. I don't like losing myself, but as long as my team performs well, I always have fun. And on clan servers, you rarely run across an F2P, so it's never a drag.0Nearly every good map is designed with between 12 and 24 players in mindBullpuckey. I frequent those servers, and not once did a 16v16 ever break the game. Any chokepoint can be broken by a well coordinated uber, and any effort can be foiled by a good team of spies and advancing scouts with bonk. It also fucks up wave spawning. Blu spawns faster than Red, so 32 man means Red is constantly under more-than-intended or "more than balanced for" pressure.This is already remedied by the long haul they have to travel to get to red's base, and if you're not keeping tabs on their teleporters with the several people you dedicate to keeping them from pushing up, then you were gonna lose either way.
6Makes sense but I guess I never really realized it, or I knew and forgot. I basically only play arena.
2I hope you've only been playing the game for like 3 days.
6Primeval badge and 3.5k hours on record, probably 1k of that at least idling. Again I basically exclusively played arena after it came out and I also haven't touched the game in a solid year.
8Are you seriously complaining about running into a F2P. Are you that much of a faggot that you don't even to see someone play better then you without spending a dime? You must have a really sad life/dick
4All 24/7 serversWhat's wrong with that? They run multiple servers so you don't constantly get changed to dustbowl. EmptySay that to their Degroot Keep server.Almost all of them empty, the closest ones to being filled are 17/24Mostly due to them being in chicago, and it's late. But they always fill up around noon. hurrr 24/7 is bad for no good raisinSee, I can't take you seriously anymore.When you are making money hand over fist you are expected to give back to the community.And tell me, how much did the last update cost you? Did you have to pay real money for your cosmetics or weapons? Did valve enforce a pay2play subscription fee ala WoW? No, they gave it all away for free. In an 8 year old game which would've died off without their support, and people would curse Valve for "not doing more with their franchises."Now you're just full of shit, go back to r/gaming valve cocksucker.Yeesh, easy on the salt. I'm just playing devils advocate to this boner of hate you have for Valve.
Anyone want to play some mvm?I was thinking coaltown or mannworks.
6triggered
6takes more skill to aim with a heavy then scout
6soldieraim
6Fixed that for ya m8.
6i main demoknight with LnL, CnT, and eyelander. and i enjoy it.cum at me
54/10You failed the backstab, and escaping was meer luck.But you got the uber so well played.
6skillHeavyVery funny anon. I laughed a lung out.Captcha asked me to select sandwiches. Even better.
6
6Heavy takes skill you are just too much of a casual to ever get good. Not talking about casual play. You have never felt the wrath of a competition ready heavy
0That gif made me orgasm a little
5Right because they don't exist.
3why is your fov so low?why do you have view models on?
5
0that is easy
3.What's wrong with that?Because having a map rotation keeps things interesting and 24/7 servers tend to have even more idiots fucking around than usual because nobody cares about winning when the map never changes. These aren't communities, they're just conveniences for people who only want to play one specific map forever and ever.32 player degrootwowBut they always fill up around noon.The same could be said about a lot of servers "they fill up, just at this time!", TF2 has 40k people playing it right now alone, why are no servers filled?And tell me, how much did the last update cost you?Its free so fuck you for expecting quality xddFirst of all, a VERY large portion of their profits come from the community workshop which costs valve nothing to implement.NOTHINGThey don't even have to do any actual fucking work here.Second the F2P model makes valve 10x more money than they did than when TF2 had a price tag so why does that mean they have no obligation to support the game? What just because its free and not everyone pays an equal amount they have the right to just say "fuck you" to the community who has been lining their pockets for 8 years straight? I know people who have spent in the upwards of $5000 in TF2, valve doesn't have any obligation to them? Do you seriously think valve would be as successful as they are now without TF2?
6I see tits.
0i main demoknight with LnL, CnT, and eyelanderwow way to go champ
How much better would TF2 be without Sniper and Engineer?
tf2g is leaking overmake it stop
1SniperImproved 100%EngineerAnd then you ruined it
0thanks i try
1Keep engie, remove short circuit
1implying that engineer is a merc thats uselessLmao
704Engineer is for lazy fuccbois.
6Scout go to bed, you're drunk.
8Because having a map rotation keeps things interestingI beg ti differ. It lets people play on the map and have fun, instead of hoping that they don't change to some garbage map like hydro or sawmill. If they want to change the server, they hop to another clan server. That's the beauty of them hosting so many.wowHey, don't knock it 'till you try it lad. Killing 5 people at once with a charged caber is an orgasm waiting to happen.TF2 has 40k people playing it right now alone, why are no servers filled?Because they're playing different servers and maps? A good deal of people are playing mvm, mannpower mode, and some modded maps. Its free so fuck you for expecting quality xddit's not quality because i don't like it xddFirst off, they deliver as much as they can with TF2, because the game actually isn't as profitable as you think. It only nets 100 million a year, which is only enough for Gaben's personal Snackbar. The rest of the company is reliant on DOTAbucks. And as an aside, Valve gives alot of money to the people who make community content. It's not like that horrible pay2play mod system they tried putting in. The content makers make some sweet money from essentially doing nothing but reskins.why does that mean they have no obligation to support the game? They ARE supporting it. It just takes time. Valve is slow with these things. If they never supported it, it would still be stuck in vanilla.What just because its free and not everyone pays an equal amount they have the right to just say "fuck you" to the community who has been lining their pockets for 8 years straight? I'm just saying, they do continue putting out updates, events, gifts, and special promotions for TF2. Not to mention they've recently been doing alot of bug testing. They fixed a major issue I was having regarding cosmetic stretching, so that made me happy.I know their work is neither perfect nor fast, but they're trying at least.
2Play a class that requires aim and effort and we'll talk.
playing spybeen following a medic and its pocket for a bit and just about ready to go backstabteammate shows up and starts shooting them making them freak outdie in the crossfireAAAAAAAAHHHHHHthey also love to do it when I'm trying to get away with a sliver of health leftmaybe I should just stick to Medic
0Not using the Arabian Demoknight setWhat are you, some kind of prancing la la homoboy?Nice /woo/ gif though, don't mind if I steal that.
0Medic doesn't require aim either so we should just remove him from the game too.
2Medic requires you to actually participate in the game.
7I don't recall the medic giving people ammo, or teleporting them half way across the map.
9I don't recall medic sitting on his ass all match long and letting an AI rake in points for him.
6getting killed by a sentry that doesn't even have an engi protecting it
It is?
0he has never successfully desperately defended his shit from a scout and a spy with just his shottyTo beat others as an engy when you are turretless is hard as hell and satisfying as fuck.
1Yeah because that's so hard.
1I got the 3 round shotgun that gets stronger with each one of my machine dies.
9If they want to change the server, they hop to another clan serverThese people aren't going to stay with this community, this is the difference. Something like critsandvich, hampshire heavies, or teek are proper communities. 24/7 servers are no different than valve servers, just complete randoms jumping in for a game and then leaving forever. You also ignored my second point.Hey, don't knock it 'till you try it ladI played it when it was released, TF2's melee hit detection is absolute garbage and makes for an extremely stupid gamemode.Because they're playing different servers and maps?Like all those other empty servers you listed? Face it nobody plays anything other than valve and trade servers.mvmMannup only has lots of people playing around ticket specials. The rest of the year you'll have maybe 2 servers at most for each mission.First off, they deliver as much as they can with TF2Oh really? A multi billion dollar corporation and the best they could deliver in over a year of time was 3 weapons made by the community with 1 being complete crap, and the other 2 being slight stat changes to stock and a gamemode identical to regular CTF except for powerups. I have seen indie devs put out more in that amount of time.90% of the updates they've done for the game haven't even been good. The overwhelming majority of weapons in the games are stupid gimmicks and crutches. The stock maps are all garbage and have horrible design. There are bugs everywhere on every class. The engine is extremely outdated and has needed replacing since 2010 and they refuse to even acknowledge their community.Not to mention they've recently been doing alot of bug testingARE YOU FOR FUCKING REALTHERE ARE BUGS IN THE GAMEFROMFUCKINGRELEASE
4not every faggot spends money to get this shit
9learn to craft
9you are aware they drop for free?
1melee hit detectionyeah, what the fuck is up with it?
7hit detection in general
7
 those spies who still try stair stabs
4fuck crafting not worth getting rid of any of my free drops.3 i always get shit for the classes I don't play like sniper and spy
8I have terrible internetit shows1TF2's melee hit detection is absolute garbage and makes for an extremely stupid gamemodeConfirmed for shit. When TF2 first came out I spent something like 50 hours doing nothing but playing pyro using the axe. I was fucking amazing at that shit, the hit detection is really great assuming you have a reliable ping.
1These people aren't going to stay with this community, this is the differenceI guess that's the good point of the server system then. You're never forced to join any one. And infact, logging into the game right now, I see about 50 new clan servers up, each with about 20-24 people playing. We have gold rush, 2fort, badwater, and even a saxton hale map up. So even if you hate every recommendation I made, I could gladly make more.TF2's melee hit detection is absolute garbage That sounds like a case of needing to git gud. If I can dominate an entire server as a cleaver+sandman scout, then clearly melee hit detection isn't an issue. Also, recommend playing on maps with less than 100 ping.Like all those other empty servers you listed? Face it nobody plays anything other than valve and trade servers.Except I listed multiple servers, and I could give you more, but they either allow 32 people, or theyre clan servers, or some other issue. So I don't think you'd appreciate them.Oh really? A multi billion dollar corporation and the best they could deliver in over a year of time was 3 weapons made by the community with 1 being complete crap, and the other 2 being slight stat changes to stock and a gamemode identical to regular CTF except for powerups. I have seen indie devs put out more in that amount of time.Don't forget they just released other weapons a year ago. It's not alot, but people keep complaining that Valve has to stop adding in weapons and balance the ones they have first, which is what they're doing. What use is them adding in a ton of new weapons if they don't get haptic feedback first? As for mannpower mode, I'm sorry but I Disagree. The mode is fun, you just hate fun.90% of the updates they've done for the game haven't even been goodOpinion. The only one that sucked was the 2014 halloween.THERE ARE BUGS IN THE GAMEFROMFUCKINGRELEASEThe same could be said of every game in existence.
3Because this is particularly impactful weapon with rewarding feeling because ballistics, when you hit someone.
0I kill all you faggots with my stock grenade launcher.Have fun dodging my tide turner faggot!
5That sounds like a case of needing to git gudNot him, but thats wrong.TF2 has garbage melee hit dectection
5Then why not trade for the weapon you want? And you never even have to step into a trade server. Just use bots.
0not using your shotty and pistol with aim and effort alongside your miniY'all niggas don't know the meaning of terror.
7Is your image supposed to prove something?
7I get wrekt all the time in melee so he's wronggit gud
5trade them on scrap.tf
5Just go to scrap.tf. You can trade weapon for weapon with their bots, so get what you want.
8This. Shit feels like cheating on low pop servers, especially in arena.
8Yet its still not as bad as the 64 tick CS:Go servers.Why is that?On a side note Fist Full of Frags has even worse hit detection, is that because its based of HL2DM's source build?
3I love using it but I'm a faggot who loves seeing the full Clinical Trial set lit up when I highlight the weapons.
5Don't forget they just released other weapons a year agoAnd they scrapped a map because it was too hard for the new playershref="#p296509862" class="quotelink"2playing tf2 over seven hours a day since releaseOK
2Nah they scrapped it because it was shit.
4lol you just have high pinglol you just can't aimOh boy, this bullshit again.
2Snowplow was pretty bad. A very pitiful mess of ideas clashing together. We don't need another Special Delivery-like hodgepodge of modes.
0Thanks for your opinion, but that isn't the reason.
4
6They told them that bullshit reason to be nice to them. The map had serious problems both in gameplay and technically.
4He missed all those shots. It was those jukes.
24I have laterally and triangularly never encountered these problems, which leads me to believe that there was just serious latency issues, or poor hardware. I've seen the LAN cables they use for those tourneys.I just never had a problem hitting a scout, or getting a sniper.
5I see about 50 new clan servers up, each with about 20-24 people playingWell over 50% of them are not related to vanilla tf2 at all and the rest are shitty 24/7 servers. The only two decent ones are furrypound which is shit for obvious reasons and paradise lost which is one of those only full at certain times servers.Counting them, there are actually only 26 with enough people to actually have a fun game. Again let me remind you TF2 has 40,000 players right now. Only 624 are playing community servers and even fewer playing a traditional one with actual map rotation and no instant respawn bullshit.That sounds like a case of needing to git gud. If I can dominate an entire server as a cleaver+sandman scout, then clearly melee hit detection isn't an issue. Also, recommend playing on maps with less than 100 ping.Objectively wrong, tf2's melee hit detection has many issues.class="quote"Don't forget they just released other weapons a year agoa year agoA YEAR AGOwhich is what they're doingOh really? So when did they fix the beggars bazooka? or the short circuit? or the bfb? or the crit a cola? or the loch? or the reserve shooter? or the targe? or the caber? or the GRU? or the razorback? I could go on and onOpinion. The only one that sucked was the 2014 halloween.Yes we all remember those great updates like the mac update, the manniversary update, the pyromania update, smissmas 2013 update, the love and war update, halloween 2009 update, the scream fortress update, and the robotic boogaloo update. What did they add again?The same could be said of every game in existence.Completely false.
7and whats your setup,net and ping
6do you have any idea how based the bone saw is?
7setupComputer.netInternet Explorer.ping30I say I have a pretty good setup.
2With lag compensation on in the second half the hitboxes work perfectly.
6having shit aim
5perfectly
1i still don't see your problem with 24/7 servers.The only two decent ones are furrypound which is shit for obvious reasonsI find this odd. I dislike the furrypound because they never actually play the game and just conga all day, but I thought /v/ goers would love it. They post furry crap all the time.Only 624 are playing community servers and even fewer playing a traditional one with actual map rotation and no instant respawn bullshit.Well, there's variety, but you don't want what they're offering, so you can always play pub servers. They don't have instant respawn and they also don't lack map rotation.Objectively wrong, tf2's melee hit detection has many issues.posts a blog from some no name redditorOkay. Not sure how that's supposed to convince me.Oh really? So when did they fix the beggars bazooka? or the short circuit? or the bfb? or the crit a cola? or the loch? or the reserve shooter? or the targe? or the caber? or the GRU? or the razorback? I could go on and onYou didn't list a single bad weapon in this list. They're all nice sidegrades with downsides and upsides. Seriously, you choose to complain about the short circuit, which was already nerfed due to demoman tears?Yes we all remember those great updates I have an item and cosmetic from every single one of those updates, so they were well worth it.Completely false.Then you should purchase a next gen console and see for yourself. Games which were hastily rushed out to meet summer demand, games with 40 second load times, games that didn't even work on release.At least TF2's issues are minor.
1gibus pyrovisionaimbottingcan you be a shittier shitter?
7Nothing wrong with gibus you are just a faggot the spends money to play dress up. REAL NIGGAS WEAR GIBUS
5If I can dominate an entire server as a cleaver+sandman scoutOn 24/7 32 man servers hosted by LotusClan and TF2APP.
1they're not part of muh special club so they suckEasy on the edge there compadre.
gunslinger+pomson+short circuit
7i have never spent any money on the store ingame. i bought the orange box before tf2 was f2p because i'm not an underage faggot. if you're f2p, you might as well wear nothing because the gibus and pyrovision goggles out you as the peasant shitter that you are.
I wish I had had a PC capable of running this game back in 07 or whenever it was released. It still has elements of that "older MP FPS" look.
8LITERALLY saying RD is badKILLYOURSELFBEEP BOOP ERROR all day
3i still don't see your problem with 24/7 servers.I already explained why I dislike them earlier.Well, there's variety6 2fort servers4 turbine servers5 dustbowl servers11 non vanilla serversWow what a huge selection to choose from.You didn't list a single bad weapon in this listBeggars is a hard counter to heavy, pyros, and anything that gets caught by one around a corner. It does not have to be reloaded and functions identically to a 20 clip rocket launcher.Short circuit shuts down engineers hard counter and soldiers just by holding M1 and running into them.Crit a cola lets scouts one shot 150 classes including medics as a class that has no trouble getting close to people.Reserve shooter punishes players for JUMPING and gives pyros mini crits just by pressing m2. The downsides are barely worth mentioning.The targe is almost complete immunity to pyros and makes killing demoman equivalent to killing a heavy for soldiers and gives demomen free crits for running into people no matter what distance they are.the loch can kill any class in the game in under one clip, has no falloff, has extremely long range in a game where damage decreases with distance, and will just about 1hit kill 4/9 classes in the game.I have an item and cosmetic from every single one of those updates, so they were well worth it.CosmeticTaking hats from the workshop and copy pasting them into the game is not content shill.Then you should purchase a next gen console and see for yourself. Games which were hastily rushed out to meet summer demand, games with 40 second load times, games that didn't even work on release.At least TF2's issues are minor.Now you're just moving the goalposts. Everyone knows next gen is shit and defending these practices is a large part of why that is.
97plus, it looks like fucking shit
7i always use the gibus since it will always get someone angry
2Oh almost forgotbfbA weapon that rewards scout with 2x speed with 1 meatshot, where they move so fast it literally breaks hit registration.
87same here I wear it to piss off these tryhard faggots. I bet I have a better rig then you faggot
2I already explained why I dislike them earlier.And I felt that it was a shallow reason, but it's your opinion and you have a right to it.Wow what a huge selection to choose from.I had to narrow it down because you have extremely specific tastes. If you expanded a little more you could add hundreds of pub and clan servers.Beggars is a hard counter to heavy, pyros, and anything that gets caught by one around a corner.That's only if the soldier not only knows where you are, but is already primed by the time you get there. I could easily counter by saying that a pyro running backwards can successfully deflect 2 of the three rockets, while a heavy wouldn't really last long against a normal soldier anyway. It does not have to be reloaded and functions identically to a 20 clip rocket launcher.However, it does not have precision, and is only good as a close range weapon. Plus, reloading is slower than simply having 4 rockets ready to fire in tandem. Short circuit shuts down engineers hard counter and soldiers just by holding M1 and running into them.And without it soldiers and demos could shut down any sentry nest without a single bit of effort. The engi needed it.Crit a cola lets scouts one shot 150 classes including medics as a class that has no trouble getting close to people.It also makes him thin as paper by making him more vulnerable to damage. You can't kill a scout man? Come on.cont'd
So I have played a few hundred hours of TF2, I play for a few weeks pretty heavy than move on to other time sink games.How can I get into the more hardcore side of TF2?I want to embrace the autism.
1Learn how to skillshot with soldier, and get unusual hats
8not playing on shit servers makes you edgy
2Cont'dReserve shooter punishes players for JUMPING and gives pyros mini crits just by pressing m2. The downsides are barely worth mentioning.Lacking 2 shots in an intense firefight is fatal unless you're good with aiming, and if you're up against a pyro, and your first priority is jumping, you've already lost, unless you're a scout who's supposed to be jumping. Other classes, you're not supposed to jump against a pyro. You have to keep your distance and have spacial awareness. If you actually let him get within range, you're good as dead. The targe is almost complete immunity to pyros and makes killing demoman equivalent to killing a heavy for soldiers and gives demomen free crits for running into people no matter what distance they are.That's incorrect. Only the splendid screen gives that. The targe is far harder to land a crit with because it doesn't have the same penultimate buildup, or slam of the screen. You essentially have to guess the 1 second time window in which your crit will actually work. And if you're having trouble with him, just airblast+shottie. Not even a reserve shooter is needed.the loch can kill any class in the game in under one clip, has no falloff, has extremely long range in a game where damage decreases with distance, and will just about 1hit kill 4/9 classes in the gameObjectively wrong. They nerfed it so that you cannot do more than 124 damage in a single pill. And if you're getting hit by a pill, then you weren't gonna survive anyway. It isn't hard dodging a slow ass projectile. bfb A weapon that rewards scout with 2x speed with 1 meatshot, where they move so fast it literally breaks hit registration..It's a little on the strong side, but I hope you're not losing to them, because they're still thin as paper, and lack 2 shots that you'd get from the stock. He's left reloading, while I'm killing him with my mini because I'm actually not bad at aiming.
take screenshot of every fucker I dominate who shit talks/acts like a faggotAm I the only one who does this? I have like 5000+ screenshots, and I never use them in anything. They just sit there, literally waiting that a nigga would.
Here's something I hear a lot around here that I'll I've heard a lot around that clan/private servers are better than pub servers and on the former people actually try to play the game, but I've never once seen that happen. Pub servers were the only servers I've ever played where people actually tried to fulfill the objective instead of having yet another conga circlejerk. Hell, this was a problem before the conga was added.
1If you expanded a little more you could add hundreds of pub and clan servers.How am I supposed to expand my list when those are the only ones that are actually full? I'm not interesting in playing 6v6 on a pub.That's only if the soldier not only knows where you are, but is already primed by the time you get there.All it requires is holding M1 before you go around a corner. It doesn't take an enormous amount of map memorization to know, that this hallway next to the point is probably going to have enemies in it.I could easily counter by saying that a pyro running backwards can successfully deflect 2 of the three rockets.It has to be at a very specific angle for both to reach you at the same time and even then platinum pyros struggle to do so. Beggars rockets fire at random angles there is no way to predict which rockets will be close enough to reflect. At most you'll reflect one and immediately die to the other two.while a heavy wouldn't really last long against a normal soldier anywayHeavys can knock soldiers out of the sky and tank their rockets. A soldier walking up to a heavy with the regular rocket launcher will lose by default but this isn't the case with the beggars because _______???However, it does not have precision99% of the fights in TF2 take place in medium to close range. That is not a downside.Plus, reloading is slower than simply having 4 rockets ready to fire in tandem.It's 0.3s difference for firing and 0.2 for reloading. Not enough to matter.And without it soldiers and demos could shut down any sentry nest without a single bit of effort. The engi needed it.Wrangler and RR shitter.It also makes him thin as paper by making him more vulnerable to damage.Negated by the speed boost that makes it easier to dodge. 10% more damage is not enough to one shot a scout with most weapons.
6they are on private servers so pub players cant join them. irc and would be you best bet
0How am I supposed to expand my list when those are the only ones that are actually full? I'm not interesting in playing 6v6 on a pub.Maybe stop expecting servers to magically be full? There are about two hundred million servers active right now, so they won't be all brimming with people. Some will have less.All it requires is holding M1 before you go around a corner.And then you run out of ammo, and you have to hope that there's ammo around to pick up, and this is of course assuming that there aren't other ways to your base. Most maps think three dimensionally, and don't just have a single point.It has to be at a very specific angle for both to reach you at the same time Poppycock. Airblasting them is easy, you just need to time it right. If you connect the first one and hit the soldier, which you always will, the second will falter off course and give you a good route to dodge, while he'll probably re-aim by the third one, giving you a chance to blast that. Seen it happen way too often.Heavys can knock soldiers out of the sky and tank their rockets. Wrong. If a soldier is rocket jumping, and he's good at it, the heavy can't do anything anyway, and he'll kill him before he even runs out of ammo. Meanwhile, you can't rocket jump effectively with the beggars, because you don't have the time to load 3 shots before you hit the ground. A soldier walking up to a heavy with the regular rocket launcher will lose by default Not if he has spacial awareness. Dodge behind cover -peek out and shoot -dodge - shoot - dodge - shoot. There, a soldier just killed a heavy without taking a single bit of damage. All the beggars did was reduce that by two steps.99% of the fights in TF2 take place in medium to close range. That is not a downside.It is when he's taking burst damage from his own rockets, and he can't stop firing because they're on auto-fire at full load.
3Man TF2 had such a clean aesthetic before Valve decided it was time to rape it
what exactly is the difference between pub and private servers?I just don't see how it would be much different than selecting from the server list
I like to play battle Engie using the widowmaker, short circuit and When you gid gud at hitting people with the widowmaker you basically have unlimited metal for use with minis and short circuit which lets you drink scout, soldier and demo tears and if your good enough the widowmaker lets you take on even a heavy if you catch him by surprise
6gold
7in an intense firefight is fatal unless you're good with aiming1. Pyros avoid sustained firefights to begin with. 1v1 is where it is used most2. Airblasting takes away any need for aiming and since the enemy cannot risk jumping even if you aren't in range he's an easier target.Other classes, you're not supposed to jump against a pyroSkilled players jump frequently to make themselves harder to hit and soldiers, demos, and scouts all inherently use explosive and air jumps to fight. You cripple other players offensive options just because you have the RS and if they choose to stay on the ground they don't get any advantage from playing intelligently, they are just easier to hit.You also don't consider in scenarios where the pyro is not the primary target. In a mid fight a pyro can see a soldier or scout trying to jump onto the point and do tons of damage to them from very far away because of mini crits.Only the splendid screen gives that.No it's not, splendid screen gives you impact damage at any distance. All shields give you a crit immediately after bashing into someone.They nerfed it so that you cannot do more than 124 damage in a single pillNerf would imply they reduced the damage. The damage was not changed at all, only the spread was. It's now much more consistent damage which is always a buff and got an extra pill on top of that. Every class is hurt more by 3 pills excluding scout but if hes missing even a single point of health hes risking being one shot which is pretty common.It isn't hard dodging a slow ass projectile. Loch pills move as fast as the liberty launcher.because they're still thin as paperThat doesn't matter when the hitbox isn't near the model. Scouts are already hard to hit to begin with, a bfb scout is 2x as hard. The only thing that can keep up with him is a skilled gunboats soldier. Claiming "scouts are ez kills" is just theorycrafting, if that was really the case they wouldn't be powerhouses in 6s
0It's 0.3s difference for firing and 0.2 for reloading. Not enough to matter.That time can make all the difference. If you're not using every millisecond in your strategy, you're setting up for failure.Wrangler and RR shitter.Yes, and? Assuming you have a full wrangler shield up on a level 3, you're gonna run out of RR shots before the demo runs out of stickies, and that's assuming he doesn't also have a grenade launcher, which will shut you down anyway. It only works against soldiers since they only have 4 rockets. They can still kill you wth a randomly critted rocket shot right at you, leaving your sentry vulnerable. Negated by the speed boost that makes it easier to dodge. 10% more damage is not enough to one shot a scout with most weapons.Oh, you gotta be kidding me.One rocket+ a shotty is enough to blast his ass into oblivion. And if you're a heavy, your job is specifically to take down scouts, and if all else fails, natascha him.
2see8People are talking about pick-up games. Casual games set up beforehand in tournament format. The servers are usually passworded so you won't ever find one just from the server browser.
3OverdoseQuick fixHave my Baby Face Blaster Scout buddy run bygottagofastIf you memesters don't have a friend that plays Baby Face Scout purely, then you're doing something wrong.
91. Pyros avoid sustained firefights to begin with. 1v1 is where it is used mostUh, no. That's where they work best. They do the most damage in the game at close range. Airblasting takes away any need for aimingIf you let yourself get close enough to a pyro to get airblasted, you were gonna die anyway. The reserve shotty only served to get you killed mid-air.You cripple other players offensive options just because you have the RS Yes, and how is this bad? The RS isn't viable at long range, which is what all those classes should be fighting at. why would you willingly get close to a pyro?You also don't consider in scenarios where the pyro is not the primary target.In which case he can either use the regular shotty, the flare gun, or just airblast+flame you. All shields give you a crit immediately after bashing into someone.It only does that with the charge if you time it perfectly. The screen is the more popular option because of the wider window.Nerf would imply they reduced the damage. The damage was not changed at all, only the spread was. It's now much more consistent damage which is always a buff and got an extra pill on top of that. No, it's documented in the patch notes. cannot do more than 124 damage, and on average will only max out at 123 damage. So if a scout is missing a point of health, he can STILL survive a pill. However, even if you're at half health, you deserve to get fragged if you're THE FASTES CLASS IN THE GAME, nad you're getting hit by slow fatasses.Loch pills move as fast as the liberty launcher.Which is also insanely slow. It's actually embarassing how slow stock weapons are, and their derivatives do little to make them more damaging. I just can't imagine people having a problem with dodging pills.Scouts are already hard to hit to begin withStopped reading there. Soldiers absolutely dominate scouts.
0Maybe stop expecting servers to magically be full?40k peopleBUT YOU CANT EXPECT MORE THAN 20 SERVERS TO BE FULLAnd then you run out of ammoYou can fire the SC for 6 seconds before having to get more ammo.Airblasting them is easy, you just need to time it rightwhile he'll probably re-aim by the third oneThey come out one after another, you are not given time to sit there and think about where you need to stand when all 3 come out before stock launcher would fire 1. You can only reflect one you will die to the other two. Seen it happen way too often.Bullshit, I have 4k hours and play pyro more than any other class. I have to deal with beggars on a daily basis.If a soldier is rocket jumping, and he's good at it, the heavy can't do anything anywayHeavy has a very large cone of fire and his bullets have no travel time. If soldiers can land airshots, shooting soldiers in the air as heavy is 1/10th as difficult. Air strafing only gives you so much.and he'll kill him before he even runs out of ammoHeavy has 500DPS while revved up, he will shred a soldier before his first rocket lands if he sees him jump.Dodge behind cover -peek out and shoot -dodge - shoot - dodge - shootThat is not required by a beggars soldier that is the difference.It is when he's taking burst damage from his own rocketsThat is the same with stock, that is irrelevant and unless he's firing at melee range that's not an issue.he can't stop firing because they're on auto-fire at full load.So what your solution is to just run straight at them and hope you'll blow him up with you? Brilliant you should work for valve. If he's coming around a corner you won't have time to react and if he's fighting you straight on and sees you approach he can just backpedal or release the rockets early and knock you away or outright kill you.
2You can always try it out but be wary that TF2 has very little in common with Insurgency or BF3, it's closer to Quake.
7The only thing it takes from Quake is weapon design, and even then only barely. It's biggest Quake influence comes from the rocket launcher and scattergun, but movement and game flow are both very different.I certainly agree that a Quake player would be more likely to enjoy Team Fortress than a Battlefield player.
6SoldierShoot rockets at their feet until enemy is deadaim
9b-b-but muh airshots i totally planned to hit them
2That time can make all the differenceOn paper maybe but it is easily made up for never having to reload. Soldiers fighting groups get a huge buff which is something they have to do frequently.you're gonna run out of RR shots before the demo runs out of stickiesIf he plants stickies under your sentry you can shoot them or rocket them away. If he does it individually you can heal 2 per RR shot, even if you didn't reload between each of those you'd still have enough.RR takes crits and splash out of the equation.One rocket+ a shotty is enough to blast his ass into oblivion.That is no different than without crit a cola. A decently good scout can dodge a majority of a soldiers damage, you can make all crazy claims you want but 6s proves otherwise.And if you're a heavy, your job is specifically to take down scoutsHeavy cannot react fast enough to stop scout from landing the first shot. It takes him that amount of time just to rev up and even longer for his damage and accuracy rampups.
6The only thing it takes from Quake is weapon design, and even then only barely.Also the movement has a similar feel, many of the moves work in both games.
1Remove Sniper, keep Engi but nerf the short circuit and Pomson just a tiny bit. Nerf the Dead Ringer since it is literally I'm A Shitty Spy, I Need A Crutch: The Item, and then restore the usefulness of Buffalo Steak Sandvich and the normal good old fashioned Equalizer before it was split into two weapons.Don't forget to nerf the fuck out of the rate of fire on the Sticky Launcher so then it can only be used for traps like it should be. The game is now fixed and 200% better.inb4 git gud
1BUT YOU CANT EXPECT MORE THAN 20 SERVERS TO BE FULLshow servers full of hundreds of peopleb-but those don't count I hate servers that don't fit this list of very specific demands!You can fire the SC for 6 seconds before having to get more ammo.What? we were talking about the beggars.You can only reflect one you will die to the other two. Not true in the slightest. Infact, if you aim your airblast at the right angle, you can hit two rockets with one shot. The third you can easily dodge if you work out where he's aiming.Bullshit, I have 4k hours and play pyro more than any other class.I play beggars on a regular basis with time to match yours, and I've seen enough degreaser pyros airblast all three of my rockets without taking a bit of damage.Heavy has a very large cone of fire and his bullets have no travel timeBut can he aim? And more importantly, can he track a target moving 5 times faster than a scout? If yes, then that soldier can't kill him even with a beggars. So your point is moot.he will shred a soldier before his first rocket lands if he sees him jump.That's only if you make your trajectory predictable.That is not required by a beggars soldier that is the difference.No, it is, just slightly altered. he has to know you're coming, and there's no way to tell unless you're just spamming rockets constantly, and you can do that with stock too. If he's coming around a corner you won't have time to reactThat's quitter talk. When you prepare to walk around a corner, you should be expecting him, just like how he's supposedly expecting you around the corner. Difference is that when a pyro is prepared, he can stop a soldier dead in his tracks. A soldier can't do that. Even if two rockets land from his triple shot, a pyro can survive it.
2Air strafing doesn't get you speed, you can't circle jump, you can't trimp, you can't bunnyhop, jumping doesn't maintain your momentum. Movement in Quake is a lot more robust than in TF2.
4That doesn't mean they don't feel similar. Playing scout and soldier in TF2 made me better at Quake Live.
8On paper maybe but it is easily made up for never having to reload. It also adds up when they can't have a stack of 4 rockets, which will fire faster than loading 3 rockets, then loading another one. Plus, the accuracy just isn't as good, especially if the soldier needs precision.If he plants stickies under your sentry you can shoot them With what? RR can't shoot stickies. or rocket them away. Which does little to actually remedy it since the stickies will still be in range.If he does it individually you can heal 2 per RR shot, even if you didn't reload between each of those you'd still have enough.or he plants all 8 stickies, fires his 4 grenades, and then at the apex of this fourth one, he detonates them. You won't be able to stop him in time, as the RR and wrangler combined can't stop those two weapons in tandem. And this is forgetting the LNL. A decently good scout can dodge a majority of a soldiers damageYeah, if the soldier can't aim.Heavy cannot react fast enough to stop scout from landing the first shot. It takes him that amount of time just to rev up and even longer for his damage and accuracy rampups.That's the heavy's fault for not having awareness of his surroundings. It's like running into an open field with 10 snipers.
2That's where they work bestThey do the most damage in the game at close range. No they don't this is objectively false.All other primaries do more than the flamethrower, the most powerful consistent weapon pyro has is the flare gun which does 90 max where as a soldier can easily do that with 1 rocket and still have 3 more. Pyro has to stick to 1v1 and hit and run tactics to be succesful. He is easily overwhelmed by groups.If you let yourself get close enough to a pyro to get airblasted, you were gonna die anywayShotgun and flare on their own both do not enough to one shot 125s. You can fight back. RS this is not the case. It is the same as pre nerf axtinguisher.The RS isn't viable at long rangeAs a matter of fact, it is. Mini crits don't suffer from falloff.In which case he can either use the regular shotty, the flare gun, or just airblast+flame you. If he's close enough. A soldier fighting a demo sees a pyro far away isn't going to worry about him as pyro is after all, a close range class, but with the RS suddenly that pyro across the map is deadly and he cannot afford to jump making him a sitting duck. And all the pyro did was change secondaries.It only does that with the charge if you time it perfectlySay that to all the loch/targe shitters running around on pubs topping boards with no effort.No, it's documented in the patch notesRead my post againSpreadThe average damage was not changed. Only the damage variance was. The old loch and the new loch do the exact same damage over a long period of time.you deserve to get fragged if you're THE FASTES CLASS IN THE GAMEOh so now scouts are hard to kill? Which is it mr goal post mover?Which is also insanely slowBecause nobody ever gets hit by rockets.Soldiers absolutely dominate scouts.See 6s faggot.
4Yeah, if the soldier can't aim.At the top level a scout should beat soldier, especially with a buff.
Holy fuck, fuck this game's community, they destroy every single fucking decent tf2 server that I regular on.This will be the last time I'll fucking tolerate faggots and 10 year olds in this game.
1show servers full of hundreds of peopleWhere? When?There were 26 servers close to being full and everything below that was 10 and the other hundreds of servers were empty.if you aim your airblast at the right angleYou cannot predict that because the rockets are RANDOMand I've seen enough degreaser pyros airblast all three of my rockets without taking a bit of damage.Alright I'm done, I'm not going to argue with someone making up obvious lies and presenting them as evidence. There is no conceivable way this is possible, the way the weapon is designed simply does not allow it, even with 500 ping lag compensation would not give you a big enough window to do it and it has never ever been accomplished by any pyro in TF2 because it simply is not possible. Feel free to try and prove me otherwise because I know you cannot.
4All other primaries do more than the flamethrower,In initial damage maybe, but sustained damage +damage over time works in the pyro's favor.Pyro has to stick to 1v1 and hit and run tactics to be succesful.All pyro has to do is ambush a team from behind, then airblast a crit rocket. Boom, no more team. No other class is gonna do that.Shotgun and flare on their own both do not enough to one shot 125s.They didn't need to. If the pyro was airblasting you, all he needs is enough time to reach 125 damage. With the RS, he sacrifices clips for higher damage versus airborne. I find it perfecty fair. If you can't avoid a pyro, git gud.As a matter of fact, it is. Mini crits don't suffer from falloff.But shotgun spread does.If he's close enough.Gonna stop you right there. If he's fighting a 2v1, he didn't have good chances anyway. What, he's gonna keep his distance from the pyro while the demo is hacking at him with his sword?Say that to all the loch/targe shitters running around on pubs topping boards with no effort.Topping a pub board is nothing special. It's par for the course on /v/.The old loch and the new loch do the exact same damage over a long period of time.Except the LNL now has one more pill, which is good. It was underpowered trash prior to this update.Oh so now scouts are hard to kill? If you're using a slow projectile weapon that doesn't require hit scan and doesn't have immediately explosive damage like a rocket, you shouldn't be getting hit by them as a scout.Because nobody ever gets hit by rockets.Nobody good anyway. Except in equal skill matches.see 6s faggotNobody cares about tryhards.
5Nobody cares about tryhards.confirmed for shitter who cannot into movement
2There were 26 servers close to being fullI was counting pub and 24/7 servers. You cannot predict that because the rockets are RANDOMnot really. They have a hidden algorithm that makes the rockets spread out in a conical nature. Essentially, they'll 90% of the time go in three different directions, usually inversely proportional to eachother. I should know this, I've played with and against the weapon for years.Alright I'm done, I'm not going to argue with someone making up obvious liesI wish I could find a good vid, but I found something good enough: a degreaser pyro who perfectly anticipated a beggars and airblasted two of his rockets while running backwards, AND he was able to calculate the trajectory of the third and dodge it accordingly.
82 and 3 aren't the same thing faggot, try again.
5Never look at your victim.EVERturn to stab the victim but don't look at them.Don't act like your a spy.
6how to spot a pubshittersniper is literally the strongest class in the game you fucking retard
0Sounds like you never gave engineer a chance.Engineer, real engineer play requires aim and a lot of effort. Many people including myself play engineer because you often can't rely on your retarded f2p Gibus vision team. Having a sentry gives you a team mate you can rely on and it can be placed wherever you want.You have to protect your sentry and entire base/objective which requires double work. If you are doing your job the sentry won't be getting as many kills as you will be just trying to defend the dang sentry/base.
8I was proving an earlier point when you said that you can't reflect more than one rocket from the bazooka, and the video actually shows that the pyro had enough time to airblast the second one, before the third came. He just missed the chance sadly, but better to be safe than take that unnecessary risk. The point is that it was successfully pulled off.
I think I'm doing well for someone playing with a controller.
8It has to be at a very specific angle for both to reach you at the same timeBeggars rockets fire at random angles there is no way to predict which rockets will be close enough to reflect
2Tell that to this guyNobody likes sniper mains, nobody likes playing with them, and nobody likes playing against them. Why haven't you killed yourself already?
5what is running backwardsalready proven false as per the conical firing mechanism paradigm
4someone is bad in muh valve pubthat means sniper is shitjust stop
9Why not just change the sticky bomb launcher to not being able to detonate in midair? Maybe primed after 2-3 seconds of being planted.
5It already exists, it's called the scottish resistance, go and use that.
5shitty bait
tfw top of leaderboard + win the game for your team as sniper
Is huntsman actually 100 percent luck or is that just butthurt casul talk?
6They aren't wrong about it.Huntsman has very wide range because of arrow being a projectile instead of hitscan.
5but most people imply that you can literally equip huntsman and get headshots without trying. I agree the hitbox is giant but that doesnt make it an auto win weapon like the beggars bazookle
6No, it's 100% leadingYou have to know how the huntsmens arrows shoot. If you know the horizontal arc you can hit any target. Same with demoman pills.
1No it's actually really big, but it has to be or else you would never actually hit it. A pro can make it terrifying, but he could just use a sniper rifle or play demoman.
4jumping doesn't maintain your momentumBut it does, try using GRU jumping and then switching to different weapon right after you jumped - you will keep the same speed until you land.
1You can it has a really huge hitbox.
4You'd be better off with the bust in that case.
1Everyone says that but no one ever uses it
4Right, but if you tried to keep jumping without the GRU, you would lose that speed. That's what I meant.I suppose my wording was a bit off.
4Air strafing doesn't get you speed, you can't circle jump, you can't trimp, you can't bunnyhop, jumping doesn't maintain your momentum. Movement in Quake is a lot more robust than in TF2.Air strafing and bunny hopping does net you some extra speed if done properly. The version of the source engine that TF2 uses has a speed cap relative to the class you're using. If your speed goes too high assuming you're just jumping around on the ground, it'll force it back down. CS:GO uses the same thing. If you got big balls in GO, you can outrun someone with the knife a bit, but messing up means you'll end up going slower. Generally not worth it.Also, you can straight up trimp.course you're right in the fact that Quake is more robust with its movement system. Naturally, you can't b-hop in TF2 like you can in Quake. However, all goldsrc and source engine games carry that freedom of movement feeling. Free air control and the like. You don't get that feeling that something is weighing you down like in the Call of Duties. Something to consider I suppose.
310x serverbeggars bazookasetupkritzkrieg medic sees40 rockets in the chamberrockets ricochet 5 times unless they hit someonethey watch us from the gatethey knowi knowmfw
0Oh, I get you. Also, what is trimp? I've never heard about it and google give nothing
6everyone switches pyro10x airblastyfw you kill your entire team
8Kinda wish valve designed more maps with this stuff in mind.
0this would only make me harder
6rockets ricochet 5 times unless they hit someoneWait what? Since when does beggar's bazooka have anything which would create that effect on a 10x server?Is that one of the things they added for those servers specifically?
3some 10x servers just pull random unrelated stats out of their asssome servers have the huntsman ricochet too and it is equally hilarious
do people still play this fucking thing? it was fun but i cant see anyone still playing it.
3Some servers turn airblasted rockets into heat seekers which is hilarious against a beggars barrage
4that reminds me of mariokart servers with RTD and rolling homing projectiles makes them crit and airblasted projectiles also home
66I have been absent from the game for some time.Explain to me this "X10 server?"
6some 10x servers slap stats onto weapons to make them more extreme versions or unrelated stats if the former wouldn't work out too well.the others multiply every weapons stats by literally 10x.
6all weapon stats are multiplied by 10some servers just at their own custom stats such as faster reloads for stock weapons so instead of a beggars bazooka loading 3 rockets it loads 30 but its inaccurate as fuck, creating a giant wall of rockets
people complaining about huntsman
gunslinger is still in-game
They should remove any RNG tied to the weapons and replace it with damage fall-off.
how would you fix soldier?
7soldier needs to be fixed
Sentry nests in 2fort sewerswhy
8You already can, too bad valve servers don't do that.
6Is there any servers that play without RNG?
7Remove all launchers except direct hit
5Any and all lobbies, especially tf2center.There are also tags when searching on the server browser, can't remember exactly but it's something like nospread,nocrit
4I thought no spread only applied to the scattergun spray.No spread should affect pistol, shotty, minigun and anything that isn't a projectile and bullet based.
9Because it gets freebie kills from people who, for whatever reason, both did not hear it and did not know it was there. Also it's a fun place for a teleporter, but really it's a popular place because it has a big metal box so they can set up quick.
4Fucking hate nospread, turns the already powerful scootergun into a 3x3 cannon of death. The scout does not need a fucking damage buff, scattergun spread is not a place people should look to remove RNG.
8Nospread means that all those hitscan weapons fire always with a deviations but the deviation is fixed.
this game economyhaving a laugh over here
8I meant to make them perfectly accurate while dropping the damage based on distance.
1Perfect accuracy minigun, scattergun and shotgun?Hell no.Pistol and revolvers just because they are secondary weapons.Minigun would do 50 dmg/s at infinite range, it's retarded.As for shotgun and scattergun they actually have a reason for the spread, it makes hitting things actually viable.Even with the spread shit like
1Minigun would do 50 dmg/s at infinite range, it's retarded.That's why I said the guns damage would drop based on the distance.
8They already do.Most weapons do +50% damage at point blank and -50% at max range, 1024 hammer units.Minigun does 5 damage at max range because it's a special case.
0Just change the scale to something like 1-2 damage at max range. Also you should be able to hit someone a cross the map if you want to. Limiting the range of a weapon is dumb as fuck. i.e. Halo's shotgun. Literally useless unless you're in melee range.
0You can hit anything across the map, it just does very low damage.That's how i rank assist as scout/pyro, i fire a 3 damage pellet on someone and i get the assist.No weapon is limited to range except demo pills because they explode after a timer, the only thing limited is the effectiveness of it.
7Pretty sure minigun is range limited.
9Nope, the spread is just very high, i assure you nothing but the pills are range limited, at least nothing i can think of.
3Alright. I believe you. The game should have no spread and rescale the damage on distance. Would be better since most classes are 100% useless at range.
, 
