Are my hands too small /v/?
6Girls usually have smaller hands than men, I don't think most guys would care.
6Too small for what? Also it's impossible to tell without also seeing your feet.
LONDONVIDEOGAMES
0this tbh
I'm a fat neckbeard who's never done any form of labor in his lifeWow, go kill yourself
6Stop playing trash games.
at least change the filename, jeez
6band-aid on the tip of the finger2cute2CUTE
9this
9Footfags are the worst
6nice shitpost friend!
get the fuck out manlytears
6Are my hands too small /v/?It's too small for a hand job, I hope your good at blow jobs.
1do they trigger you, sweetheart?
the borderline sleeveit's not too late to get help
6I was about to say that they look like child's hands. Then I looked at mine and they look almost identical. My pinky is slightly skinnier.
6microsoft wireless kb+mMy nigga. Super comfy, repsonsive, and cheap
9what exactly is it that footfags find sexy about feet?
What's your preferred gaming platform?
Wii U and PC
9All.Not being an idort in this day and age
Games are for kids and nerds, grow the fuck up!Also an idort.
9Wii U because there's no cancerous AAA trash.Also GTA is on PC, wtf?
1Watch Dogs is also on WiiU. Just abandon thread Anon.
PC, but I'd love to buy 3DS for monster hunter 4
9wiiu and pc obviously
9Not being idort master race.Unless you're a poorfag, there's no real excuse.
3
9I go where the third party jap games go and that's still mostly playstation Still no reason to get a ps4 until d5
, 
Splatoon: High Score editionCan you beat my high score of the day /v/?
I've yet to see a 1500
1I saw a jap get 169x the other day.
I don't know how to git gud at anything but the roller, and even with that I'm adequate at best.It's just that in comparison every other weapon feels like I'm trying to row a boat with two straws. Are you supposed to just play more aggressively against other players and take advantage of the splat, or maybe you use more bombs?
CaryEither an erp faggot or you're parents hate you. Regardless fuck off
Taking pictures of your fucking TV?What the fuck, Nintendo? Are we back to the NES era?
I highest I ever gotten was 1435, but didn't take a pic in time. There was one time I could of been over 1500 but we lost.
2Poor fucks cant afford a capture card. Also get the fuck out.
2At least Xbone and PS4 can take screenshots without a fucking capture card. That's like last gen technology dude.
1People have been getting 1800 in the general. Not like it matters anyways since ranked is the best.
3that squidOperator as fuck
5So can the Wii U. Except that it removes post processing effects for some fucking reason.
0I one scored 1500+ with the 300 bonus, but forgot to take a photo of it
8the roller is kind of a tank/short range weapon. And for Turf War, then yeah it's ultimately one of the better weapons to use. Using anything else comes down to having range or a wider ink radius.in the king of the hill mode however? if you try to go roller, you're likely gonna get fucked. There's way too much crossfire going on for you to actually get in there with the roller and not get taken out. So as new modes/maps come out, I imagine that other weapons and strategies will become more prevalent.
0Tone down the shilling, friends.
4
8Im really bad with the roller for some reason.Splattershot Jr. is my best
I normally get over 1000 on every map but I'm completely useless on the new port one and I have no idea why. I can't handle all these losses.
Cary
It feels good doing well in this game. It feels like such a team effort.Nothing quite like shitting on the enemy's base for the entire match in the skatepark.
Splatoon screenshot thread ?Post your cutie squids
4Or you know, don't do that
Anyone ?
0shit nigger i got 1600.
lmao noobs
4Can I smell your controller after you finish a match ?
4RGunrankedscrub
4Oh hi, edgemaster.
04 killsProof that that shit doesn't matter at allI'm tempted to not even bother trying to fight and focus entirely on covering everything, especially since Ranked doesn't maintain your k/d
1le edge king
4Wtf this is me, I posted this on reddit earlier.
What's the worst thing that could potentially actually happen?
Fallout 1 and 2 style gameplay.Shit aged like milk.
It's on the 360 and PS3 as well.
Not setting it in Hawaii
Its just dlc
4New Vegas 2.What a boring fucking game.
Obsidian designs the map and environment.
4Fallout 3 2What a boring fucking game.
Skyrim with guns, and it becomes an even greater financial success
4This.0I really want this to be Fo3/NV remaster or Fo1 and 2 remaster. If Fo4 is held back by last gen im gonna cry.
Fallout 4 by Bethesda
Skyrim with guns.
4Bethesda making the game.
4Another game in the desertThey need to mix it up, go to the fucking south or something
"In order to streamline the gaming experience" They cut out SPECIAL and its sub-categories. Instead there's 3 skill trees of perks: Weapons, Armor and Stealth.
Yeeeees, goyim. You just keep doing what you're doing. Keep shilling Fallout 4. Don't mind me, just go about your business, my friend. Heheheh.
They try to make Fallout an MMO like they did Elder Scrolls
3New consoles are basically 6 year old PCs with no DX12. It's already going to be held back by last gen
4cross gen title made by bethesda
It's free to play
Paid mods, only this time disguised through some shiny new feature that people will defend and, in a year, eat it up like they did with microtransactions and day-one restricted content.Other than that, I guess the usual stuff like too many fetch-quests like Skyrim-amounts, making the game too easy for mass-appeal or last-minute downgrading.
Not Nintendo. Off topic. Get off my board.
4It's already hinting at being cross-gen on the site source code so yeah
9This.Fuck off with your shitty western games.
Doors where you have to move symbols to unlock them
4Considering the main "lesson" Valve and Bethesda took away from the skyrim thing was that "It was a mistake to introduce this in the middle of a game with an established modding community" I give this a 51% chance of happening. I don't even think they're going to "disguise" it.That said, paid mods already works excellent side by side with "regular mods" in more hard-core games like racing and flight simulators. So I think we have to wait 2 years after its introduction to know if it's going to work for more casual games.
/57601643.institute.jsso that confirms its going in the Commonwealth/MIT
Bethesda
4Remove the inventory system and force a 2 gun system with regenerating health and shields.
4gamebryo
9Nintendo in 2015 I'm so sorry but Nintendo is trash.They never will make an original Zelda game. Only remakes.
2Radshouts
They're looking to release it on the previous generation of consoles, which is utterly fucking bizarre. So that's the worst case scenario already confirmed. And since it's previous gen, it will also be forced to rely on Gamebryo yet again, which is the second worst possible scenario.It's a trainwreck in a long line of trainwrecks, and it hasn't even left the station.
2Honestly if they're going to keep shoving universal level scaling into all their games I'd almost rather them just not even have levels at all.
9How's that masterpiece Splatoon going for ya?
2It's gonna use gamebryo, so it will be shit
The worst thing that could potentially happen is that Fallout 4 gets made. We all know it will be fucking garbage.
9new vegas map and plot sucked and you know it, gameplay and characters are a different story.
0so fucking sorry.
4It could be developed by Bethesda and not Obsidian.
4Same shitty fucking gamebyro engine
4Fallout 4: Mad Max.Based on the new Mad Max remake, no open world, CoD like campaign only 1 hour long.
2And since it's previous gen, it will also be forced to rely on Gamebryo yet againNo. Even if they release on old shitboxes they can use any engine they like, brand new or old.But yeah old console would destroy any potential.
6Fallout 3 was worse than NV in every department.Though NV's hallmark is that it's better than 3. Neither of the new games can even come close to 1 and 2. Hell, at this point, I'll take Tactics over 3.
4Bethesda is making Fallout 4I just have no interest thanks to that, Fallout 3 wasn't a Fallout game
9ps3xbox-360Confirmed held back by 2005 hardware and guaranteed downgrade. Pack it up, faggots.
In the vein of SE: new fallout mobile game announced
9he actually saved that picturehe thinks he's at all allowed to comment on what's garbage
4GTA V came out on the PS3 too.
7*tips fedora*
3I really want this to be Fo3/NV remaster or Fo1 and 2 remaster.
4Honestly, I don't consider the new generation of consoles advanced enough for me to care. The difference between current gen and last gen is minimal compared to, say, PS2 to PS3. That's why PS4 remasters of PS3 games are stupid.
2My feelings are hurt already :
If it turns out to be fallout online
8Yeah, a year before the real version. Going by your logic they'd release the shit version of FO4 for $60, then in a year do the "real" version of PS4/XBO a year from then for another $60.
8Yhea and they needed 1.5 year to make it for decent hardware on pc.
2My actual worst fucking nightmare
Ignore any and all improvements that New Vegas made and reusing the same game engine from both. Also, paid mods.3Being on any console ties it to a ball and chain right off the bat.
4False Vacuum
8Yes, and what we got was an expansion pack for GTA IV instead of a proper sequel.3Even the "real" version was severely held back by having to fit onto shitboxes.
4fallout online
0It's like you never played Old World Blues
See that mountain?
9I know about that established-community reason too, I just assume some in-game feature or whatever that "justifies" it on the side would make sure people actually become excited over the idea they hated.Also, full-size expansion-tier mods being charged would be fair enough IMO. Charging for everything else down to reskins and horsecocks made in a few hours takes away the main community-appeal of modding. Even from a business-perspective, this will probably be bad in the long run.
4worst thingmmo
27This probably won't happen. Look at how much of a bust TES:O was.
4Another gutted shit plot taken 1 and 2Gameplay exactly 1 to 1 with Fallout 3/New Vegas or original FalloutThe retard objective markerAlways online so the game is streamedinfinity bugs, and mod community mods to fix it charging you an additional 25.99; Betheda doesn't patch game because mod moneyGamebyroAn insanely long introduction you can't skip and when you leave it you aren't given the option to change your stats or character at all.V.A.T.S.
3I really want this to be Fo3/NV remaster or Fo1 and 2 remaster.You probably bought a PS4 just so you could play those remaster of last gen, didn't you?
9Even the "real" version was severely held back by having to fit onto shitboxes.Yes, that is exactly what I'm saying.
Anyone hope this game is set in London?Either that or Moscow/Ukraine?
2I want someone to make a [mountain intensifies] gif out of this
4it will be realeased
3What's wrong with that picture?
5this scares the shit out of me
1Russia would definitely be cool. Apart from the obvious choice of Boston, California is my best bet.
4One of the things that made NV successful is that basically any computer can run it. They're not gonna make Fallout:chrysis edition just because the edgiest of the masterrace can have their graphics circlejerk.
they get rid of VATSeven tinier settlementseven less populatedno graphical upgradeno engine upgradeno character creator upgradeSPECIAL is dropped completelyonly one linear quest storylineno factionsday one DLCno mod support
18Not knowing that fallout is all about americana
1Moscow / Ukraine is too similar to Metro / Stalker.
4bethesda fallout 4
0they get rid of VATSWhy is this a bad thing?
0Like I said it already works perfectly in "more hard-core" games. You can make a quick texture mod for FSX but nobody is going to pay a cent for it because there's plenty of free mods that do that, and paid mods that do it even better.
1Why do people ask for european settingsI would understand maybe Upper Mexico or the borders of Canada, but the fallout world is about America.
fuck everyone that says this game is gonna suckskyrim with gunsfallout nv 2fuck off losers this game is gonna be amazing
I just want a god damn populated worldIt's fucking post-post nuclear
0even tinier settlementseven less populatedIs such a thing even possible?
3FO1FO2NVTacticsBoS3eat shit
4It'll be set in Boston. Worst case scenario they make their relate their accents back to the times before nuclear Armageddon.
4angry birds
0ebin
8You don't know who are you dealing with
Please no bethesda3Most consolefags play fallout with vats. I dread to think how badly the combat would be gimped if vats were removed.
2Companies are still trying to release shit on the last genNobody ever made a PS3 game and also released it on the PS2, so why do they try to do it for this gen?
3You gotta have aimed shots somehow
ITT: MMOs that you wish were restored to their former glory
goodnight sweet prince
8Wow Ultima Online looks old.
8This and Guild Wars.
3my fucking childhoodi was going to start playing on either a RO or diablo 2 private server, found a decent one for classic RO and reddit has their own bot-free server
1Tibia, fuck brazilians.
1City of Heroes
1This
1Also maplestory, i wonder if MS NA and MS EU will get merged like with Combat arms now that the NA section is closing.
1Kek, isn't that the ggRO launch?Man that server failed hard.But yeah, I miss RO.And Runescape, though OSRS made a bit of a comeback with the F2P relaunch.
3now that the NA section is closingReally? I thought maplestory in general made tons of money with all the cash shop garbage.
1muh prerenewallook at this pleb
0Renewal is casual shit.
I can think of a few. Guild Wars 1, Everquest 1, Star Wars Galaxies
1This game will never look the same.2What is closing is Combat Arms North america.But Maplestory Europe its on a bad state, that its why i was wondering if they will get merged with NA.With only 50 players Maplestory could be running for ever, those dudes who spend atleast $5000 per character, servers in NA are kinda empty, and i don't want to sound like one of those "The game is dying" guys but we only have 3 servers now and they don't even fill, kids are on school i guess.
1ffxibest online experience i've ever had
3These games are both still online and active. If you cherish them so much why not go play them instead of sitting here like a nostalgic faggot?Protip, you dont actually like those games otherwise you would go play them.
Only ever played one MMO during its glory days and that's WoW but the industry environment and the way players have changed over the years probably would never allow for such an experience to flourish again
7bwaaah i cant reach lvl 99 so i cant 175gtfo casual
4Yeah. A couple of thousand was consider a success in the past but nowadays, if you don't get that million, your game is consider a failure. Then there is the part where the casuals will complain that the game is too hard to play or too brutal for them.
Face of mankind. The beta days of 2004-2005 were the best.It's free on steam now. But it's a dead husk compared to the old days.
What is it about the Kongs that's so appealing?
homosexual power fantasy
Nothing.
Apes, monkeys, primates, etc. are inherently funny looking because they look like dumber versions of humans.
As long as you don't make them talk or make them edgy, there's no way to fuck them up. Also monkeys are inherently funny.
The Dong
Does dk have one of those banana condoms?
Donkey Kong is the greatest video game series to ever exist.Prove me wrong.
5What about orangutans...?
they're appealing their bananas
Personally, I get a boner for summer games. Super Mario Sunshine, Splatoon, Farcry 4sort of, etc. Lots of water, sunshine, etc.Pretty much every DKC game qualifies as a summer game.
7Mortal Kombat on the SEGA Genesis is the best game to ever exist.
2The whole Dong thing certainly didn't hurt, I'm sure. also ,they're just made well. The DK crew always look adorable and the games are always pretty good.
5Is that why worldstar is so funny
5I disagree. Mortal Kombat is a very good game, but I think Donkey Kong is the best game ever.
5you mean smarter versions of niggers?
9Donkey Kong sucks
everything
9You know something? You suck.
4mfw playing Wind Waker during summer
2Monkeys are naturally endearing and also comedic because they're simple. It's the reason people use chimps for comedy in movies even though they'll absolutely fucking chew your face off and kill you. They do funny shit.Also Nintendo just has great character design because they recognize simple is best. DK is a gorilla with a necktie. Diddy's monkey with a hat and shirt. And you look at a character like Kirby, it's just a pink ball with stubby arms and legs. People like simple things like this, it's appealing. It's also why genwunners exist.
3Nintendo just has great character design because they recognize simple is best. DK is a gorilla with a necktie. Diddy's monkey with a hat and shirt.Rare designed all of the Kong family though
2Bananas.
hot monkey dick
Is DK about to eat that banana? I don't think he's holding it at an appropriate angle.Regardless, it's making me want a frozen banana.
8Holy shit, the wholE time, lanky was an orangutan? Hell, All of you knew and juSt Neglected tO tell me? GreAt work, you Cucks. Ever out of the loop, that's me.
Everything is better with monkeys.And if it wasn't for DK, there would be no Nintendo.
6EPIC meme :D"when u see it...."
2They're the most uniquely drawn monkeys/apes I've ever seen. I don't know what's going on with DK's brow but I love it.
the cool part about DKs design is that you can put a tie on any gorilla and people will be thinking about him
Sales are coming. Are you prepared?
who the fuck pays attention to steam sales in 2015
7Are you ready to be put on a team?Are you ready to spend all of your money to help said team?Are you ready to spend your money on the trading cards in hopes of getting the TF2 item?
7Steam wallet having any money in it at allWhat are you, 13? Gotta have mommy pre-fill your video game steam fake-money wallet? Just buy shit with a goddamn paypal account you fucking child.
7My steam account is almost 10 years old, I have every game I would ever want, these sales mean nothing to me.
9PayPal/cardHave fun when the store goes into crawl speed.
7excited about steam salesI might grab BG2:EE and IWD:EE though.
, 
, 
Any games where I can play as a non human person, struggling to survive in a human dominated world?
3Go away furcunt.
3Nezumi?
, 
Who are the Darmok and Jalad of video games?
/v/ beneath Mo Moteh.
At Tanagra
Army of Two at Tanagra.
Here's to the finest crew in starfleet
6ENGAGE
7Captain Jean-Luc Picard, of the USS Enterprise
Chaka when the walls fell
Contra?
7
His arms wide
Gilgamesh and Enkidu at Uruk
Turtles, trapped in time.
5Who are the not video game related of video games?
Is Star Trek worth watching in 2015? Everyone's always going on about it.
1Yes. Start with TOS but if it is too dated for you, go to TNG.
4Darmok, the episode based upon.
Dukat did nothing wrong
Zero and X, in the first game only.
60Starfleet's great pride, found undeserving.
8ALSO DO NOT WATCH on Netflix. The quality is shit. Torrent the blu ray rips
3The quality is the same everywhere with TNG. They ripped all the episodes from the VHS tapes, thats the only way to get them. Quality on Netflix is fine.But yes, TNG is still relevant to 2015 and a good show. Tons of shit reference it to this day and everything about it is pretty good.
7They ripped all the episodes from the VHS tapes, thats the only way to get them.I thought they were remastered for blu-ray.
6The finest crew? Really?If that's so, then tell me my good Captain, how many lights do you see?
2there are FOUR LIGHTS
Is it bad that Captain Janeway is my favorite captain?
1Q get out
konami when the walls fell
1I loved voyager the most man, the premise was just more compelling than the other series.Still dislike what they did with the borg though, that queen thing was retarded.
676Awww yeah
6asdasd
Best video
Jeane and Bayonetta are the Darmok and Jilad of vidya.4Surely you're mistaken.1Yes, she is a terrible captain.
2IGA and Not Castlevania at Kickstarter.
1Same here, Voyager was my favorite series. There was a few dips in the shows writing of course. Like the queen or anything that fucking Chakotay had a hand in. Hey guys i'm an Indian check out this Indian stuff I'm doing.
6
6F
3You pirating faggots are the reason why we won't be getting Deep Space Nine and Voyager in HDApparently the later seasons of TNG on Blu-ray didn't sell well enough :
7They did an actual proper remaster for the Blu-Ray release.Netflix is awful, and since Netflix provides no deinterlacing features it will look like shit unless you're watching on a CRT.
3
9MUH VISION QUESTS
5HIS EYES WIDE OPEN AT TANAGRA
919The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truthScientific truth, or historical truth, or personal truthIt is the guiding principle on which Starfleet is basedAnd if you can't find it within yourself to stand up, tell the truthYou dont deserve to wear that uniform
9Yup, turned that the advisor they had for the indian stuff wasn't really indian, at all.The other thing was that Robert Beltran stopped giving a fuck and tried to troll his way into getting fired by asking for more money. But every time they gave it to him anyway.
there will never be a spin off with lore and data going on all manner of space adventure
8And if you can't find it within yourself to stand up, tell the truthYou dont deserve to wear that uniform
3Yea Beltran was a real faggot, and as much as I hate Chokotay his actor had some great thoughts on the show and the writers. They had something so great and decided that half of it wasn't worth it. If it wasn't for Janeway/Tuvok/Holographic Doctor the series would be shit.
8Armin Maritza will never get a prequel series of working at gallatep
8This is becoming a speach.
5you're the captain, sir, you're entitled
Renegades makes me cringe a bit, but I'm still interested in watching the whole thing
5Something about that just works for Trek.
5Wanda. Wanda and Agro at ForbiddenLand
SET COURSE FOR INTERCOURSE
1the premise was just more compelling than the other seriesShame it did fuck all with it and took pride in keeping the boring old status quo.It was a show bereft of passion and imagination. The premise, story or characters never came into focus. It drifted for most of its run, no plan or agenda, going from one episode to the next never seizing the opportunities that presented themselves.It never made the Year of Hell a reality or embrace the premise of a Maquis-Federation crew stuck in a hostile place.It learned to play it safe.
Bloodborne$5 million spent on marketingalready forgotten and irrelevantSplatoonlittle to no marketingoutsold BB in two days, Japan is completely out of stock, debuted #2 in Europe, with TW3 just barely winning, setting sales records around the world at a hot rate
What is the reason of shitposting?
9little to no marketingare you retarded
Little to no marketingFuck off retard.
little to no marketingloloutsold BBproof??
I just got level 6 and I have one question: why the is 3/4 of the player base Japanese? Some fights its basically me and japs
1japs love lolis and squids
little to no marketingThe falseflagging is real.
1japs have had it for longer
8Japs have good taste.
1mostly of the copies were sold here...but then again, as every console of this generation they had nothing to play so everyone got it.
9didn't winis bragging about itI'm still playing bloodbornemaybe you should be playing this game you love instead of posting about it on 4channo one is buying a Wii U for a shooter
6I want squid girl to put her things in my butt ;
1Because if Nintnendo had NA, EU, and JP servers like a normal company, the game would be dead in a month.
9No marketing?Okay the 6 months of paid advertisement in the form of threads on /v/ don't count. SPLATTATATATATATATATSTSTST
9debuted #2 in Europe17k 17k 17keurosales
7You're a fucking faggot.:
9YOU'RE A SHILL NOW
9damn... so this..... is th power...... of the wii u
9Splatoonsoon to be forgotten and irrelevant
9And the only thing they both have in common is that they'll be forgotten within a week.
9little to no marketingI can't remember the last time I've seen so many commercials for a video game.
8YOU'RE GETTIN' BILLED NOW
1Timezones
JUST
How come sales and reviews never matter unless they're positive regarding something you like?If this was a thread about how fucking awful Blunderful l0l did you'd be saying sales don't matter, but since your loli game is selling suddenly sales are good and are indicative of quality? I want Nintoddlers, Sonyggers and all other fucking shitposting sales/reviews faggots to fuck off, jerking off about your sales numbers is fucking autistic, go die.
9CHECK
9op; "now if I compare this apple to this orange I'm sure to convince my fellows!"
9YOUR A SHILL NOW YOUR A SHILL NOW YOUR A SHILL NOW YOUR A SHILL NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
9little to no marketing
On another note, I really don't want to reach level 20 /v/.That's the cap right? I feel like I'm just gonna hate not seeing the points rack up to anything anymore when I'm online.16 currently, so it's coming up
5But apple kid was undoubtly better than orange kid
95 million spent on marketingMore like 100m, Ive seen Bloodborne everywhere.
9little to no marketingLots of marketing. I see commercials on a regular basis.
yfw Splatoon saves the Wii Uyfw Wii U wins gen 8 in sales numbers
517k 17k 17keurosalesHahahahaha, there are more mosques in London than splatoon games being sold in all of europe
4wanting stuff in your butt makes you gayFuck off normalfag, men's g spot is in the rectum and If you haven enjoyed an anal orgasm you havent lived
9I love Splatoon, OP, but even I know this is BS.
3The sad part of that statement is that some people truly believe that the wiiu can win this generation...The fucking vita, a dead console is selling more than that fisher price nintendo console FFS
games I didn't play are irrelevant
does Nintendo release the budget of their games?
little to no marketingI was in Japan last week and that shit was basically on their subways
9splatoon is now a memegamecongratulations nintentoddlers
9outsold BB in two daysGot some sauce for that home slice?
4Even when you hit 20 you can always upgrade equipment if you need that levelup-feeling. That or watch your cash flow fly sky high.
9Nintendo doesn't need marketing to sell, they already have you drones doing it for free.
9little to no marketingJust a few days ago Nintendrones were claiming how Nintendo was investing so much marketing on this and how Splatoon wasn't going the W101 way because there was so much publicity and Nintendo support for it and it was being hyped beyond anything Nintendo did before and now it's no marketingJesus fuck you faggots are delusional.That or this thread is some sonyggers bait.
9no marketingSuccessive tv commercialswat?
6This is /v/. If you didn't personally like a game, then it's the blunder of the century
High sales recordsFor a kid's gameNot to mention all the amiibo shit6 levels3 game modes4 class typesDon't worry, their copies of splatoon will be collecting dust within three weeks, tops.
2How come sales and reviews never matter unless they're positive regarding something you like?Because Human Nature.
6In three weeks, we'll have more maps and weapons. By August, it'll just be a more complete game. I don't see my copy gathering dust anytime soon.
9Are you ready for all that pedophilia?Japs love lolis for a reason... if you deny you are a pedophile after being in a game room with 10 japs playing as little girls... Nintendo-Pedo-Pretendo
6I'm expecting Brink levels of buyer's remorse
I hate this game, I was curious about it, all my friends told me it was good and I've never felt more betrayed.It's a frustrating mess full of amateur mistakes you'd expect from a teenaged Counter Strike modder.This game's existence is frustrating to me.
1Nintendo doesn't know what regional matchmaking is
I DEMAND MEDIA CREATE SALES
1Because only japs bought this
5Like what?
1Because the game sold well in Japan but is bombing everywhere else. Not surprising that Japan has shit taste as usual.
9Splatoonlittle marketingThat's hilarious.
8but is bombing everywhere else.the salt is REAL
7we'll have a more complete game Why is this a statement that you should be proud of?
3Underrated post
8Why else would there be such a disproportionate amount of japanese players then?
4just play ranked after it then
I don't understand why we can't have both?I own both games, stop being a gay
1Its the only statement they have
9I've seen commercials on this game everywhere. In the cinema, in the retail stores not even in the video game section, but like right the fuck as you walk in the store, on hulu, on TV, all over gamestop, etc.It's really not surprising that the game sold decent when they spend so much on marketing.
5Character regularly obscures your cursor and even when it turns transparent which it only does once in a full moon it's still too opaque to make anything out.Scoring system favours players who abandon team efforts.Voice command system, on top of only having two options uses lines that are indistinguishable from the gibberish lyrics in the soundtrack.Guns generally handle like shit, it's way too hard to get a decent feel for their range, which could've been helped my better sound design and/or proper use of rumble, the first point plays into this to an extent.The specials are entirely redundant and don't feel nearly as satisfying to use compared to how frustrating they can be to go up against.
9BloodborneGame is finished on release15+ hours single playernot kiddy shitSplatoonhalf of the game is DLC5 hours singleplayerkiddy shitmultiplayer already shows signs of being dead due to lack of content/playerskekStay cucked, nintendrones.
3this was meant as a reply to this:3
Hey now, you're a kid now, get your game on, go play!Hey now, you're a squid now, get the show on, get paid!
9Go get some sleep for fuck's sake.
6multiplayer already shows signs of being dead due to lack of content/playersWhat the fuck are you talking about Sonygger? I always find matches, every time. Not even once have I not found a match.kiddy shit as an argumentOpinion discarded. Go play games on you PS4... oh wait, my bad.
6cuckedWhy 4chan supports almost every fucking fetish traps, shota and lolis but hates cuckolding?
6Get fucking destroyed by this nigger. 2
7.9
6Traps, Shota and lolis don't affect them.But if they get a gf they know they'll get cucked immediately. So they're angry
3Character regularly obscures your cursorAnon what the fuck are you even on about the cursor's visibility is totally fine. Are you sure you're not just using a TV from the 80s?Scoring system favours players who abandon team efforts.Literally what. Not backing up your teammates creates situations where enemies can have too much momentum to properly retaliate, and rushing ahead while the rest of your team is trying to create a proper front can very easily get you killed.Voice command system, on top of only having two options uses lines that are indistinguishable from the gibberish lyrics in the soundtrack.Yes the voice commands are useless but definitely distinguishable from the music.Guns generally handle like shit, it's way too hard to get a decent feel for their range, which could've been helped my better sound design and/or proper use of rumble, the first point plays into this to an extent.Practice more.The specials are entirely redundant and don't feel nearly as satisfying to use compared to how frustrating they can be to go up against.Most of the specials aren't to be used for directly splattering opponents, but for making space and forcing enemies into super-awkward positions. Also, Git gud.
3
5it's hard to get a decent feel for the range he doesn't go into the test modeIs he retarded anon?
Ship 10k units.GUYS IT SOLD OUT
322samefagging
6You mean 30+ hours not even counting multiplayer.
6You act as though anyone here even knows what the actual definition is and isn't just using it as another way of saying "can't have".
play splat zonesget your ass handed to yoube stuck in C-cry about the game's poor mechanics and nonexistent balance on 4chan
4if you haven't had an anal orgasm you haven't lived/v/ - Video Games
9little to no marketingyou're a kid nowyou're a squid nowyou're a kidyou're a squidyou're a kid you're a squid you're a kid you're a squid you're a kid you're a squid you're a kid you're a squid you're a kid you're a squid you're a kid you're a squid
9little to no marketingheres that reply you always wanted
8Okay it does not take 33 hours for Bloodborne unless you're bad at it.
2Reviews never matter, but sales always do. Don't lump the two together, retard.
833 hoursI finished it in fucking 18Codename: STEAM took me almost as long.
9outsold BBThat's nothing special. So did Wii Party U.
0Yes it does.In fact we have an entire fucking website dedicated to collecting average time it takes to complete video games.
8it takes less time to beat splatoon's single player than it does to beat a fucking NES gamereally Nintendo?
4forgot image
7No shitposting. Only facts.
0Does this include the mc donalds toys?
9SplatoonLittle to no marketingHave you watched TV recently, anon? Or are you one of those neckbeards who does nothing but sit on /v/ all day?
9unless you're bad at itIf you go counting average while including retards who die 20 times to each new normal enemy you're gonna get an inflated value.
40I can confirm this. I would say I beat it under 4 hours and that's including getting all the lore pages. The game is pretty easy and the environment all look the same. I'm very surprised there weren't any real water levels. I mean I'm a fucking squid now, I'm a kid now I expected some water or island themed levels. But instead its all industrial shit. Single player is pretty lack luster, even the lore pages aren't all that great and each page is only like a sentence or two of lore.5No
9little to no marketing
3
9little to no marketing
9I forgot to explain that the lore tells you the sea levels have been rising and this explains why their are only industrial like maps. Still sounds like a poor excuse for bad map design though.
little to no marketingIs this what Nintendogs really believe?
1Did I ever insinuate I was proud of it?It was just a statement. Don't reach so hard.
084You Sonyggers can't even come up with a decent punny rhyme. If I was shitposting I would have done something like...YOU'RE A KRILL NOW! YOU'RE A SHILL NOW! YOU'RE A KRILL YOU'RE A SHILL YOU'RE A KRILL YOU'RE A SHIIIIIIILLLL! SPLATATATATATAT-ATOOOOOON!That you need me to come up with nautical puts for you is rather pathetic.
9*puns.
04.5 hours for fucking SMB3? Maybe if you go for 100%.Shouldn't take you more than 20-30 minutes if you really use all your resources.Also pretty much every classic Mega Man game can be pretty easily be beaten in under an hour if you're competent.
9That isn't a pun, just a rhyme.
9Little to no marketingThats not quite so
9Already saw this shitpost before release. Now it feels weird.
Why is this comparison made so much?What the fuck does Splatoon have to offer that Bloodborne doesn't really give? How the fuck do people think an ARPG about gunplay and ayy lmaos and an TPS about territory control and cute squid lolis are even remotely similar?
5you're retarded
Splatoonlittle to no marketingExcept for all of the viral marketing here on /v/. I wouldn't be surprised if the Nintendomods put squids on every /v/ post.
9I like both games.
9Not even a sonygger, those puns where hilarious. Gonna repost it in the next splatshit shill threads
4Salty ninteniggers who are spiteful over sony
2They also payed a fuckton of youtubers for "sponsored" videos. Nintendo knows where to market to children.
9Constant nintenyearolds shilling hard.No marketing.K. Here's your sage.
9The heck is this logic? You can have a West European or Japanese player in Mario Kart Wii every match. Doesn't mean it wasn't one of the most profitable games of all time.
The real question is when will we see#JUSTICE FOR TRAYPRAWNAn innocent prawn was brutally splatted in cold ink by Squid Agents over the weekend. We need answers and we need justice.He dindu nothing.
LITTLETO NOMARKETING
4They're the two console exclusives worth a damn this year
6Ignore Witcher 3 just because it's PS4 exclusiveOh no you didn't drone.
6console exclusiveexclusiveIt's also on the PC you dumbass, it's not a console exclusive.
Get a life? I'm a gamer, I have many lives!
"Shut up kid"Guy saying it is over 18
3Isn't it accurate for an adult to call a kid a kid?
You know all those arena games we used to run?  Season 2 thread 
what is this, a hunger games thread?
OFFICIAL SEASON 2 CHAMPIONS1. Jonathan Joestar - Jojo's Bizarre Adventure2. 9-Volt - Wario Ware3. Clementine - The Walking Dead4. Tiki - Fire Emblem5. Hsein-ko - Darkstalkers6. Cranky Kong - Donkey Kong Country7. Whispy Woods - Kirby8. Majorine - South Park9. Bernkastel - Umineko10. Brendan Fraser - Memeland11: Abel - Shin Megami TenseiValhalla so far:8 kills:Hsien-Ko winnerAcrid7 kills:IB and gay BlackwallHatred Guy6 kills:AshleyBrendan Fraser winner12 Frost Wyrms5 kills:Detective GumshoeSolomon STILL THE BEST 1973Houdini SplicerPeacock௵Bernkastel winner
1We aren't posing picks yet, there's a game in progress
There's a game going on.The Feast is here.
0All on Mista.
0Dracula and Roberto are going strong.
0DRACULA TOO STRONK
Day 3 has passed, and there's only a few people left.
3Brendan winning a gameYOU CAN'T PUT THE ERASER TO THE FRASER.
0WHAT'S THIS? A GIRL UNPOPULATED BY BEES? SOME BEES OUGHT TO PUT A STOP TO THAT.
Night 3 has passed.
8Who has the highest killcount now ?
7Dracula I guess. He has something like 4 or 5 kills so far.
8nth for Chiaki
8letting a man full of bees into your shelterwhy?
8Day 4 has passed.
4Goddammit Golem.
5Night 4 has passed.
6forcing my pick to kill off my other one
6B.B. Hood loses another opportunity of joining the Winner's Circle with Hsien-KoSee you later space cowboy.
6I'm surprised Mista didn't die on day 4 or night 4.
6Well, he dies now!
8sparing Roberto's lifeeverYou fucked up
3Thanks for keeping track of all that.
8mista deadAll on dangitronpaul now.
will win /v/ ?
Night 5 has passed.It's full of stabbing, I would say.
9The monster has finally been slain.
9BEESEES
9ALL THOSE VOTES FOR DRACULADIES ONE TURN LATERYOU JINXED HIM GUYS.
9Dracula no!
9Dracula BTFO. Only 14 votes, there's no one here.
9Isn't it the heart?
Where are all the people, anyway? Day 6.
9I am here.
only 16 postersthe hype is dead
9Mods deleting the threads killed the hype
2Yeah. /co/ had some hype last night but the first match was done with just as little interest when it finally happened.
2There are always lurkers around.
2Disguise threads throw a lot of people off, but are necessary.
9stabbed....STABBED WITH THE SPEARS ON THE ABDOMENS OF A MILLION BEES.
534At least the games only just started. There is still time for things to get rolling.
4There was hype here in the first matches until the mods starting deleting all the threads
5We're almost a quarter way through.
3Night 6 has passed.
4It didn't help the threads kept getting deleted and the match was only able to be done at late night.
5It's mostly because of these 253that there isn't much hype/anyone here.
0Sad truth is sad.
4Noooooo, roberto kill.
0I'm just lurking to post characters.
4Do you think his bees joined in too?
4SHSL winner now!
4chiaki having an orgyN-noo
Day 7 has passed.the bees are ruthless
3Good riddance.
3RIP CHIAKIYOU WERE STRONK TILL THE END
9Yeah. The first match had to be done over an hour after its nominations happened. I wasn't even taking the nominations but that host said I could finish the game later. The match ended up having different results as I used image links from the archive.3Damn Dr. Bees!
3Muh waifu
3SMT won on a non-vallhalla gameHoly shit
XIII
3Fuck yeah Bees
Night 7 has passed.According to all known laws of aviation, there's no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its big fat body off the ground. Maybe that's why Dr. Bees died.
2Hopefully this means we see less of them.9That was an anticlimatic end for him.
9camel archer is going to win
9Fucking hell bees.
4Did the camel join in, cause if not, then i'm very disappointed
9good riddance
7How the fuck did you know?!Maybe you can do next game? I need a break.
0Post stats please, for Valhalla shit.
0Yeah sure, I can actually host now that my ISP problems are over. I'll wait until placements are posted.
0I'm always here if needed
2Placement's have problems. Dracula, Roberto, and the archer make it to Valhalla, I'd suppose.
8You can be a substitute for 2
9Valhalla so far:8 kills:Hsien-Ko winnerAcrid7 kills:IB and gay BlackwallHatred Guy6 kills:AshleyBrendan Fraser winner12 Frost Wyrms5 kills:Detective GumshoeSolomon STILL THE BEST 1973Houdini SplicerPeacock௵Bernkastel winnerCamel Archer winnerRobertoDracula
Alright, give me your 48.8We'll all take turns after one another.
1Vault Boy
1Nightmare Gaben
1Sega Marine Fishing
1Slaking
1gravelord nito
1Lambdadelta
1Junker and the Junker cans
1Malia
1Tennouji Kotarou
1Goddess of Vidya
Burrowing Snagret
Doctor Mario1
1One-punch man
1Callie
1Gunner
1Issun
1We eldrich waifu now
1Kotal Kahn
1Virginia Maxwell
1Kotick
1Near
1
1/MAN OF HOPE/
1Gayest Angel Ever
1HOODMAN
1Santos
Weeb Saibot
1That guy from Take On Me
1Oda Nobunaga
1Duster
1King vendrick
1Krotchy
1CIA
1Q
1Battler
1Saber
1Pucci
1Vaktus
0Didcha know that Bazza is retiring after the next Endgame? 
Raging Long Legs
1Vaporwave
1Black Frost
1Linkara
1Kel'Thuzad
1Honkers
1Otome from Devil survivor 2
1Stun
1Musashino animation
1Poland
1Rika
1Roger McGough
1Jackie Chan
1Omanyte
1Unlosing ranger
3This might be next to the cutoff, if not the cutoff itself.
1Larry Laffer
1Vorkken
1Gannon-kun
3Cutoff.Pist YFW you get in.
go to begin adding contestantsthis happensIs this a problem on my end yet again, or is it for everyone? Tried different browsers and no avail.
1NOD Billy Mays.
8Honestly, I have 0 idea.
1
8I have no idea. I have not experienced any issues with the website yet.
1Almost got 2 but i was to slow to post Larry.
8posted in other browser without tripOops.
1Its ridiculously easy to get in nowI remember when this shit was on the first season and it was hell to put one of my 30 SMT characters intfw you will not need to spam SMT againFeels fucking good
1Ranger
5hat,s because mods are fuckign anal about it and the threads need to be hidden.
Substitute may have to host this one if I can't edit anyone in.No clue what's happening.
9Something has to be wrong with the website now.
9I'll start loading them in on my end just in case
9Don't worry, not just you. The site is just having a hiccup, I think.
39Reminds me of the time we crashed the site for 2 days last tournament.
I have no problems on my end. Something wrong with your servers?
3Hopefully the population will pick up later as the claps get off work
0I don't know. It has changed back to normal for me yet.
Someone get a list of candidates. We may need it if the site goes to shit for days on end again.
Well, now the site works
Guess it isn't a Hunger Games season unless the server shits itself at least once
2Nevermind, i just entered to edit and right after get proceed, still without load
4It's in the archrive.
It isn't working for me either.
5Ok, good.Anyone have any idea when this shit will get fixed?
This thing dont let edit either
7Last time we had a few hiccups that lasted a few hours to a day, but it should be faster since that was when the site wasn't prepared to handle all the traffic.
5Alright, looks like I have some time to eat.
yfw the server's having hiccups because of a new update.yfw it'll be the update that'll allow you to disable default events.
Not sure when the site will be back up, and I have to go do some other things in the mean time.I trust Substitute to carry you all on. I'll host a game when I get back, if it's fixed by then.
Can I post a game that I did a while back?
8Well, i think yes
7Here goes.
Let's hope the thread doesn't get deleted.
9That one father guy is pretty damn strong.
7Oh boy, rooting F O E Homer and RaidenThe last one just because he was decent in PSBR9Damn it hitler
A BOMB?
3Why did we ban arenas, Romans knew how to have fun.
9shrek dies of hunger on the first dayHow??
8I guess he hates Super Smash Bros.Also, DSP is already tired of this.
8Oh my god JC, A BOMB
8Denton Hates smashinb4 he kills Kirby and Killager
The website says that it MIGHT be down for updates until tomorrow.
It seems you are trying to escape the arena. Would you like help with that?
4I guess some people didn't like to be forced to fight each other to the death and slavery.
Oh fuck.Hunger Games are back.Time to crop out square images of like 50 different characters and make sure to always have QR at the ready.
7AYYYY
7Polan making sure he doesn't get annexed
41implying there aren't underground Arenas where people are broken into submission and forced to fight to the death for the pleasure of a select few rich people
ANUS plz
7DSP attempts to start a fire, but is unsuccessfulThe picture for him is brilliant
7dsp Kek
Day 3 has passed
5Lol
8Rest in Sweat Mr Griffim
4What?
Oy vey
wow look nothing
5I doubt Hitler would be able to comprehend a video game character.
5Dank bum no!!!!
0HitlerThe fucking ironing
give your meat a good ole rub
5KNUCKLES AVENGED THE SMASH BROS
THIS IS LIKE ANUDDA SHOAH
5AINSLEYINSLEY
5The Jew killed that anti Semite sundowner
2Oooy!
2NONOT FOE
2Fucking HitlerFOE was my last favorite
, 
, 
This pretty much "official" first buildlast one was a disaster....What do you guys think, did I do well?EVGA 100-W1-0430-KR 430W ATX12V / EPS12V 80 PLUSPowerColor AXR7 250X 1GBD5-HE RadeonDIYPC Solo-T1-R Black USB 3.0 ATX Mid TowerAMD FX-6300 Vishera 6-Core 3.5GHzLG Internal 24x Super Multi with M-DISC Support SATA ModelSeagate Barracuda ST1000DM003 1TB 7200 RPM 64MB Cache SATA 6.0Gb/sLogitech MK120 Wired USB Keyboard and Mouse - BlackGIGABYTE GA-970A-D3P AM3+/AM3 AMD 970 6 x SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 ATX AMDPareema 4GB 2 x 2GB 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1333Dell S2340M Black 23" 7ms GTG Widescreen LED Backlight LCD Monitor IPSTP-LINK TL-WN722N Wireless N150 High Gain USB AdapterJewdows 8 Home Alone EditionAll comes down to: $693.95, without the monitor and windows it's around $450+ Which again proves Xbox 1 is shit
250xFX63004GB RAMThat might be the same price as an Xbone but I hope you don't think it will stand up to one. You built a toaster, congrats.Also last I checked the Xbone was $350 was looking at the one bundled with MCC and it's that much, so yeah, try again.My suggestion is not to care about price matching consoles. PC's aren't consoles. They can do more, like you know, PC things. You'll also save money by not having to pay for XBL or PSN, and Steam sales will help. Just build one for $1000 that will last you half a decade that's what I did with my current build in like 2011; i5 2500k, GTX 560, 16GB of RAM; and the only thing I've been thinking of upgrading is the GPU since the 2500k can still stand up to even newer CPUs and 16GB of RAM is still twice as much as I need.
Don't buy EVGA PSUs, they suck.
4 gigs of RAM powerU r, like, totally toast
9this nigga rightyou can get way better shit for 700 dolla
993Well ya know if Bill Gates didn't jew me and I didn't have to get a monitor, I would of at least gotten a 270x5What games use more than 4gb?
You might as well buy a laptop
7It's not so much memory that affects game performance, its CPU and VRAM. You'll be lucky to run curent games on low, anon.
93pls no bully ;_;
7Or just get the 270x though I'd say 280x would be better anyways. Or get a 970 you were about to get a card with 1GB of VRAM, don't bitch to me about 3.5GB of VRAM. Also lots of games use over 2.5GB of RAM which is what you'll have to run them once the OS and whatever you might have running in the background is through with them.Here you go, a really good build though this build is kinda old for some parts, it had a GTX 770 listed when I loaded it, but I just replaced the parts that weren't sold anymore and came up with it. It's actually $999.98, right under a $1000 budget which is what you should be going into this with.
1Yeah I mean if I put more money of course I could of gotten it to 8gb and 270x.I was really trying to budget though, not trying to waste my shekels,
3Then you shouldn't even try if your budget is seriously under $500.
NEVER buy AMD, processor or video card, it doesn't matter.You're just falling for a stupid /v/ meme.
3Yeah, it's the monitor honestly, don't have one :/6Wuz trying to budget, I do like AMD because of Mantle though.
1I'm an idiot and didn't even notice until now that I posted the link from my address bar and not the link it gave me to hand out.
2DX12 will make Mantle pointless.Also grab W7 instead of W8 if you can, both are going to get W10 for free so don't worry about W7 support in the future, you'll be getting W10 for free either way.
55After rebates? Do you get a check?4Both were the same price, with an HDD I figured W8 would be better with boot times.
If you insist on getting windows, you can get a legit copy online for 15 bucks m8
Here, a budget build, just look around online for Windows or something.
3Where m8?
6AMD video cards are totally fine. Currently they offer more bang for the buck when compared to nvidia and you don't support nvidias policy of spitting the customer in the face.As for the CPUs APUs, they're fine for multimedia and office builds, for gaming I'd always buy Intel.
4What about this you turbofaggot?I warn you against AMD CPU's.
6NEVER buy AMD [...] video cardPlease stop giving advice about builds
8gr8 m8, but how does one get a legit copy of win 8?
9Do you go to university? You could grab one through student program.
7Nope, just graduated High School m80
4Don't you have any friends that could get you an Enterprise license?If not you're out of luck and will have to buy one.
9Is there any place where I don't have to dish out 100 shekels for it?Say 30 USD or so
0Not that I know of.
2:/Jew me up Bill
cost after rebates: 614.29Pirate Windows, faggot.
4forgot mobo.Still cheaper and better than your proposed build, OP.
It's 4pm, you've done all your homework.You go to the computer and move your mouse to get rid of that stupid screensaver.It comes to life and you open up internet explorer and go to www.runescape.com.You click Existing User and wait for it to load.The song that will stick with you forever loads up: You type in your information and press log inThats right, its a RUNESCAPE NOSTALGIA THREAD
2
you go to schoolin class hear some kid talking about runescapehe tells you his usernameadd each otherkill him in the wilderness and steal his santa hatsell it back to him for $50
5go to schoolscience partner tells you about runescapego home play runescapeskip school for 3 days straight playing runescapedad comes home sees I'm on the computerhe gives me the beltit was worth the ass whipping.
go to friend's houseplay runescape"anon we've been playing for 30 minutes! that's enough for today or else my parents will be angry"next day go home, stay up all night playing runescape10 years later he doesn't even play video games anymore and it's all i dohaven't seen him for years
2doing all your homework by 4pmI only got home at 4pm.
6he is most likely married and already has kids, poor as fuck and works all day.
2implying playing vidya all day is not sad as fuck
2It's 4pm, you've done all your homework.well that's a fucking lieand I can't remember the music much because because the computer is in the same room as the TV and I have to leave the sound muted 90% of the time so my dad can watch footballI still can't believe I fell for a password scam on my first account. I mean that was retarded even for an 11 year old. I don't even know why they bothered since I had fuck all items and gold.I've never made my password abcdefg again
bought charcoal for 3k from GEgo to varrock big bank to resell for 10k via trading"seling charoal 10k only hurry buy"spammed chat with this same shit with my kiddie fingergoes on for hoursfinally someone bought itmfw spent hours just to make 7k profitrepeat itI was a dumb kid
4GEnewfag
mfw I spent most of my time crafting bronze armor for two years.
School friends are talking about some game called RunescapeAsk them if I can playSureSign up and Log in and meet upGive me 50k to start out with and off goes our adventuresWe adventured for years until Jagex just slowly killed the game for us. I wish I still talked to them
7nigga it was released 8 years ago
8Yeah after Runescape went to shit, newbabby.
8Exactly
8GE was released well into the fall of runescape. You missed the golden age.
25I'll take the vidya all day. At least with that lifestyle, you can't artificially be made fun of for someone else's choices.
100v100 clan warsall that flash1:join anons clan!the 126s who basically dictated who won
2Nah, didn't happen like that.Go to schoolBrowse tip.it while in homeroomSpend my time in class planning what i'm going to do on RS when I get homeIf I already made plans, I just draw my characterSchool day ends, get on the bus to go homeTalk to my friends on the bus about RunescapeGet off the bus and run homeGo inside, put some ramen noodles in the microwaveFire up Runescape with some FFX soundtrack, or Nujabes and just play all nightOr if it's the weekendWake up early in the morningMake a big ass bowl of cerealFire up some cartoonsWrap up in a blanket and sit at the computerFire up RunescapeFuck dude time to get membership and play OSRS
8100vs100 clan warsthey all focus on you
I don't remember the songI remember the Ultima online theme vaguely though
lol if u did any homework after school
2oh shit yeah I remember the pilesyou see your name being called by the enemy teamthe reality hits you
Go to lummyevery night there is a group of people that is usually high-leveled, and or dressed flamboyantly.I had a crush on one of the girls in that groupI go there every night and read what they say and read their topicsnever say a wordthey never spoken a word to me despite me being there.They were like the preps of runescape, and I was the weird stalker guy.
I feel like making a new account, someone give me a name.
4dshgfdjgd
6I remember those types of people. They'd always wear berets and hold those colored flowers and god books.They'd always either be in Lumbridge or in the upper right center of Varrock.I remember I was apart of them at one time. It was pretty boring.
tfw fighting the urge to get members and play again even though none of your friends play anymore
first few days of playing RuneScapein Varrock East Bankmisread "bank sale" as "bake sale"wonder why everyone is having bake salesstart cooking a bunch of cakes and breadspam chat with "bake sale"no one buys my bread or cakes
2doing your homeworkI can't be the only one who just skipped that
befriend some girl in runescapeshe invites me into her housetells me she was raped when she was 12awkward silenceadd her to ignore list, logoff
See threadDecide I want to playLog inSee some "news" tabGuthix is dead. Slain by some faggot.Thanks jagex
0exactly, I also see them chopping yews.Now I remembered I also tried baking pasties and give them out for free to them. Cooking was fun.
2So is that Zezima dude bot or what.It was a good pay to win game with best quests ever created, but too grindy. Lots of nostalgia feels for it.
3befriend some girl in runecape at the haunted manor.talks to me with emotes and cutesy writingasks to hang out usually and subtly asks for things, and I give.continuerealize it's just a guy getting stuff off mecontinue anyways.I enjoyed it
My younger cousin introduced me to the game, let me kill on his account some white knights on falador castle. I immediatly made an account and went thru tutorial island, god damn that brings me back.I used to spend hours mining iron, smelting it into bars and waiting just so i could give a full iron set to newcomers.
2006saw cousin playing runescape full saradomin set and shitmade accountstuck at the tutorial where i'm suppose to use air spell on chickenswaited 3 hours before cousin helped megave me full bronze, then iron, then mithriltaught me to fight goblins and cowsit was nice
You will never be able to experience 2003-2006 Runescape ever again
met girl on rsslowly build a friendship, eventually turns into a rs gfget married in lummy chapeleven have a rs childalways with each other in gamelog on after years of not playingshe's logged inaw shitmessage her "hello"no replyshe logs offnever to be seen againit hurts ;_;
selling rune scummy 50k
7it was a guy anywaysmaybe even ME
296677scimmy
9hot
5I'll trade you this rare black lobby for it
anyone got that "AlphaMale: you guys need to get laid lol" pic?
7
1Also got a few more
1thanks bro
7
7
0Are you me? I also spent my time cutting wood I never tried to lvl cooking past 10
tfw the wildy terrified you
be 10 year old malepretend im a girlguys give me free shit like rune scims and black armor.start talking this guy up to give me shitsais he will give me 500 k to send him a pic of my boobspanictell him their too small to showadd him to ignorei stopped pretending to be a girl after that
get bored of Runescapegive away my level 60 accounta year later recover my password and lock him outgained like 20 levels and a ton of gold and gear
9Old RunescapePay to win
I remember trying to relive the days by playing the 07 servers man was it so fun but the lack of people killed it for me. The best part was grinding countless rock crabs it was so fun making friends there.
4not just going out on the web to find some amateur pic to sendYou missed that opportunity big time
LOW DETAIL PLEBS FUCK OFFTHIS IS A HIGH DETAIL MASTER RACE ONLY THREAD
5My shitty Walmart PC couldn't run high detail
be meagree to meet guy to sell 10k sharks to"come to edgeville i'll be right at bank"get there, "where ru""up by ditch"he is in level 3 wildyhe's level 28, I'm 88 "Eh why not, he can't attack anyways I'm too high of a levelinitiate tradeget ice barrageddude was chopping trees and dropping a shit ton of logshis friend was hiding under all of them so I couldn't see himmfw I lose 10k sharks
free armor trimming!
0Was the guy transformed using that easter egg ring or something?
6This so much!GE comes out, I get excited because I can just go buy and sell whenever I want without standing at a bank for half an hour. The following weeks I see less and less people at banks or in any town in general. The world becomes a ghost town except for the GE and the bank closest to it. Don't make any new friends like I used to, because I'm all alone cutting wood or fishing in Catherby with bots. Play less and less, now only log in once or twice a year to see all the red names on my friends list and some names I don't even remember at all. I miss old runeacape and the Old school runeacape servers don't feel right because all my stats are reset making the 5+ years I played feel pointless.
Andrew selling this game literally destroyed it.
DANCE FOR GP
In wildhear this class="quote"ohgodhelpimscrewed
people are calling any 3D runescape "classic" runescapeclassic runescape is the 2.5D versionseriously
you will never again experience that sense of wonder when you first went through the members only gate
1This. Although the GE made buying and selling a shit ton easier, it pretty much killed the game. We used to have world 1 varrock and world 2 falador park. This was half of the adventure going to these spots and seeing a shit ton of text popping up and people. Buying this, selling that. Designated spots for people selling certain items. I miss that.
selling coalselling coalselling coalselling coalwhat a great game
8That's because classic RS is shit and forgettable. RS2 is the only true classic.
This is one of the most critically acclaimed games of all time? this looks like fucking shit
4this was also released almost 20 years ago...super mario brosone of the most known games of all timelooks like shit
Were you born at least a year before it came out?
So OP basically admitted he's underage..
4Welcome to early 3D.It looked like shit. Fucking Doritonova.
4And Citizen Kane is black and white. What the shit, why isn't it in 3D? Fucking hacks.
4That's what mods are for anon. Thank god for a PC release.
4Someone had to make that transition to 3D and in 1997 it was more than enough to blow everyone's minds.Meanwhile, the compettion couldn't be even arsed to make 2D look good.
THERE ARE PEOPLE POSTING ON THIS BOARD RIGHT NOW WHO WERE BORN THE SAME YEAR AS THE RELEASE OF FFVII
2015being a graphics baby
5And the worst part? They'd be legal adults. God we're old
9Finally have the technology to make incredible looking 2D gamesNobody does anything with it
epic bait OP
3It may not be. For all we know, there are more than enough underage faggots on this board right now who were born too late to understand how influential FFVII was to the entire genre.
4What? The fucking genre has been exactly the same since the earlier FF
4FF9 is the best one
6Don't. Just don't.
8said no one ever
I'm not trolling, guys. I just can't see how a game that looks this bad was critically acclaimed. Like, did they even bother to look at it when it came out?
6the ps1 was horrible in term of 2D, it was hardly better than the snes in many way. If you wanted to make a 2D game you were more or less forced to go Saturn.
9No actually the entire dev staff was told to model blindfolded. I think it looks pretty good considering.
It looks good. You're just a fag.
8Agreed
It had its moments.
2It still applies to the modern day. The only 2D games we get now are garbage "retro" lazy ass indie pixel bullshit. Why not something that takes advantage of modern hardware with high resolution super detailed gorgeous 2D artwork?
9Choose your favourite modern 10/10 eye candy GOTY. Look at it closely and then accept that 15 years from now it will be considered to look like shit by newfags and kids.
8agreed as well
You were very acclaimed too when it came out, and then you turned into a rasta weed potter faggot, at least FF7 has millienz of fans.
8It's certainly incredible how much it pushed the limits of the hardware when compared to VII. These days you can barely even tell whether something is next gen or not.
8Because it's tough work. Sprites take time to draw, especially HD sprites. It's not only expensive, few people work with it. Who in their right minds want to draw them?3D is faster, easier to work with, cheaper and scalable.
4I only play games that have the best graphicsWhat a mongoloid
9That's because you're an ignorant child who's spoiled by todays Triple A games with the latest 3D technology.Nothing mysterious about it.
It plays like shit too, though.
FFVII looked good for it's timeOnly underage faggots believe in this meme.
This is one of the most critically acclaimed films of all time? it hasn't even got colours bro
5in 15 years you will look back and think todays games had good gameplay because modern shit has only continued to go downhill.
8If character movement looked cleaner, this would by favorite 2d graphics
am i the only one who likes the graphic style of ff7?
7Nope. I prefer low poly over high poly.
5yeah those summons was so crappy looking. FFVII was the worst looking game of its time, game boy had better graphix.
3You say that like it was a good thing. FF9 had horrible loading times making you want to avoid random battles as much as possible. The characters weren't that great either, the soundtrack was a step down from previous games and it had by far the least character customization of the PS1 FF games.
8slowpoke.jpg8
75Same here, fellas. Just went from beating Bloodborne to starting Hybrid Heaven again. The transition isn't even jarring.
88Comparing Citizen Kane to FF7more embarrassing than the screenshot
9just keep your fucking cunt mouth shut and stick to your kiddy games like halo and call of duty
0Then why could one guy who sucked at programming make an hd 2D side scroller by himself?
6You're right. Citizen Kane hasn't aged well.
6Castlevania looked quite good
6Ori and the blind forestdragons crownrayman legendsjust to name a few
Woah man, old games look worse than new games?Who woulda thought?!
Play PSX game on emulator with high res filterPolygons are clearer than they are supposed to be and pre-rendered art is more pixelated than theyre supposed to beWHY DOES THIS LOOK WORSE!?
Yes OP, a lot of underages here will praise FF VII even though the graphics are trash, the story is bland and made when the JRPG formula was stale as fuck. Its predecessor was better in absolutely everything
4It wasn't critically acclaimed due to his graphics although during battle the 3D models and effects had higher quality. Gotta say, some of the prerendered backgrounds looked really fine.
9I'm sure glad I never played it on the console.
5Say the guy posting on an image board dedicated to video games.
5And yet here you are shitposting on a video games board.Kill yourself.
you will never play FFVII made purely with 2D sprites and backgrounds
5*JRPGsfixed
6Not as embarrassing as OP's postIt's like these kids don't even bother to bait the hook anymore
7Why bother wasting time when you'll get bites anyhow?
4FF7's field graphics arent great even for their time, admittedly. But they were in 3d which was relatively new to games and the series in general.The battle screen and animations were decent for their time though. Summon and magic animations were pretty cool.9If no one cant stand the gfx try the steam version with mods.pic relatedinb4 hurr durr makes it worse
5Sad but true
9This.
I know it's pure nostalgia faggotry but i miss prerendered stuff in my games
4our games also look shit for people 20 years in the future
4they usually have mature themes, believable worlds, characters that are more than fanservice and good writing though. But if you only played Dragons Age and Skyrim then I can't help you.
9You've probably turned up the internal resolution to high, and also failed to use a decent full screen filter and shader. This will blur everything slightly though, but will still give you much sharper polygon models and the backgrounds will look like they actually belong in the same same as the models. There's no perfect solution I'm afraid there will always be a compromise with games like these.
Have any modern games achieved the sense of adventure and accomplishment that Final Fantasy games used to have?
8It will make a comeback in time anon.
4Huh, is there really a mod that changes the models to that? Looks fairly decent, imho.
2Then why is it critically acclaimed?Because the gameplay sucks hard.
4All these people falling for obvious bait
OP at the time of its release its graphics where unseen in most video games
4Barkley
2I really doubt it. I know about Pillars of eternity but it really isn't my genre, and while i dig scott's designs he only milks his new furry fanbase nowadays
6I came here to talk about how the game is over hyped garbage, not talk about its graphics
6check out tifas bootleg
47Oh wow, that looks awful.
4It's like Buckley tried to make a video game.
41here is your reaction
lel
4So did your mum's cunt when I was done smashing it.
Suikoden 2 is the best looking 2D game I can think of, anyone have anything that looked better on the ps1?
4is that cloud's battle model? the ps1 was a blurry mess so I dont remember how it looked there
This is one of the most critically acclaimed games of all timeMaybe back then.It's terrible by todays standards.
3to be fair you can say that about most jrpgs
3todays standardsWhich are shit.
FFVII is much more visually coherent and pleasing than many modern games. You'd think all that expensive hardware would count for something but it really doesn't, devs just use it to mask their lack of creativity and vision.
9the picture doesn't get across the animation, which is what really sells itevery single one of the 100+ characters has a unique idle animation and all kinds of detailed touches
4I was born in 1997 and there is nothing you can do about it :^
5comparing a linear platform to a sandbox RPGgg no re.
3We'll see who's laughing once I get my time machine working. It's currently in the prototype stage and can only go forward right now at a 1:1 ratio, but soon...
44FF7 is my fav game of all time, still, even I must admit that the choice of player models for field exploration was ridiculous. The battle models were excellent however and this only serves to feed my frustration with the normal models and their ridiculous animation style.
9I'd have said something like Grandia or FFT because I'm biased.I don't even know Suikoden but those are some good looking sprites right there.Is it fun?
S U M M E RUMMER
not play ff7 on pc with superior graphicsconsolefags have always been the worst, even in 1997
6For it being your favorite game you think you'd research why they did that. They explained it pretty clearly.
Why are blatant shitposting threads like this allowed
68so ff7 is the citizen kaine of vidya?How about games are pretentious at best, so the best they can do is be equal to a heavily overrated movie status.
6Would you prefer it to be contained to a couple of threads or spread thick across everything?
1That version completely butchered the music of the game with shitty midi files
7flower girlSo now that the dust has finally settled, can we agree that Aerith/Aeris/Earth/not-Terra was really a prostitute who "sold flowers" as a cover?
4It's always fucking bothered meWhy are the arms like that?Why that tiny twig in the middle?
1I thought "flower girl" and "match stick girl" were always just flowery terms for whores, stemming from the excuse of why a lone female is standing around the corner of main street and gropecunt lane.
8Suikoden is a well-respected JRPG series.The only entry you should avoid is the Nintendo DS game Tierkris, I think?. Suikoden 4 is flawed some iffy gameplay but still pretty nice.1, 2 and 3 are awesome.
4Underage& confirmed. Leave anytime.
4it came out in 1997, right around the time you were born.
12Fuck off niggers she's pure
0Pure whore, yeah.
I wonder how great the pre rendered backgrounds looked before Square had to downsize and compress them for the PS1
This is a case now where if you weren't old enough to enjoy this game at the time of its release then you won't understand how it changed everything.
5hi
8Suikoden 2 is awesome. Sukoiden 1 & 3 are just alright.
0I like to think Zack shoved the Buster Sword's handle up her ass while fucking her
8I know it's pure nostalgia faggotry but i miss prerendered stuff in my gamesNot nostalgiafaggotry at allPrerendered backgrounds means that the director of a game can dictate exactly how they want each screen and environment to be presented and to impact the audience. It basically lets them lay out their environments in a meticulously placed manner designed to most affect the player.Visual storytelling and art direction is a big thing, and having control over whether their scene will be a closeup one followed by, for instance, a wide-angle establishing shot to give scope actually makes for a way more immersive experience for me, rather than being stuck in the "behind character" view for most of the game.
6people born the year FFVII came out can post on 4chan now
6HandleOther way 'round son. The bitch's so loose she probably bet 20 bucks she could stuff it in completely for some easy money
8Visual storytelling and art direction is a big thing, and having control over whether their scene will be a closeup one followed by, for instance, a wide-angle establishing shot to give scope actually makes for a way more immersive experience for me, rather than being stuck in the "behind character" view for most of the game.You can do that without pre-rendered shit too.
7I didn't play it until 2001 because I was only 7 when it came out, but even after a year of playing UT, Grandia and Code Veronica these were the only games I had, on a dreamcast, back in the day, when I finally gt a ps2 then got the ps1 titles and played them i thought FFVII was the best game I had ever played until I got to FFIX.
6Huh, is there really a mod that changes the models to that? Looks fairly decent, imho.Just imagine what the models look like With those original exploration mode stick figure animations
0You can do that without pre-rendered shit too.I know. A good example is Silent Hill 1 where they have that fucking awesome alleyway shot near the start.It's just sad that pre-rendered backgrounds are completely dismissed by developers now just like practical effects are dismissed by movie studios despite the advantages they have.The last pre-rendered game I played was Gamecube Resident Evil and the environments were atmospheric as hell in a way that the free-roaming Resident Evil 4 or 5 ones just aren't.
4Hey now, don't judge the game off its visuals.Judge it by its shitty, generic J"RPG" "gameplay".
6Pre-rendered backgrounds would cause an uproar of butthurt from modern gaymurrs now, they wouldn't understand the atmospheric effect and instead complain that they can't see around a corner before approaching it to noscope a zombie.
9Wouldn't she get cuts from that?also20 bucksbucksc'mon man it's gil
7That's the joke, she's so stretched she won't even touch the blade
7But the HD REmake re-release was a moderate success last time i heard.
7Exactly.Static backgrounds are fantastic for exploration though. You can get forced perspective angles and shit and direct the player's attention just to where you want it. Almost like comic book paneling in game form.Just look at this screen. They really want you to feast your eyes on that chandelier and family photos, whilst simultaneously being creeped out by what's around the upstairs corner.It would feel totally different in generic 3rd person view.
6Meanwhile in Resident Evil 4...It's fun as fuck to play, but looks-wise it might as well be Cawadoody.
5hellomega man zero and metal gear solid 1 are my favorite video gameswhat are you gonna do about it
2That sounds incredibly horrible. We're not talking about the Masamune the Buster Sword is fucking huge and wide
8J"RPG" "gameplay"It does have gameplay, even though the only "role playing" aspect of the game is the way you customize your characters' materia and how you distribute the very few attribute sources that are available to find.Just because you can't entirely customize a character from the start doesn't mean that the characters don't play their "roles". You can't optimize Aerith into becoming a tank or a monk, but it's easy to make her into a white or a black mage. Yuffie isn't very good at being a white mage, but she is good at being a thief. Cloud on the other hand sits in the middle of the role alignment and he can be literally everything because he's biologically motherfucking SOLDIER and simply canon OP.
0You have good taste
0Cawadoody had gritty spanish villages and gothic castles?
This is one of the most critically acclaimed games of all time? this looks like fucking shit
FFIV gets a 3D remakeeven fucking after yeards gets a 3D remakeFFVII will never get a proper HD remakeDoes Square Enix fucking hate money or something?
4All 3D games at that time looked primitive, but that wasn't the point.The graphics you see in a pic like that are accurate, yet at the same time paint the wrong picture. What we SAW at the time was a new perspective in an world rich in depth, detail, and color, and our minds were more than happy to fill in the gaps to make it come alive. It felt like a big god damn adventure with magic and giant monsters stomping about.It was like coming to a themepark as a child and happily overlooking the flaws in the place, because we were too busy having fun with the experience the park presented as a whole.
4This is one of the most critically acclaimed games of all time? this looks like fucking shit
9And the funny thing is that at the time is was one of the most expensive games ever made. Adjusted for inflation it still is.
9But you see, chrono trigger doesn't, FF7 does.No games have aged as badly as the first attempts at 3D.
7It does have gameplayIt's a J"RPG" so no, it doesn't. It's just a visual novel with some baby tier turn based combat and cutscenes to pad length.
9Suikoden 2 would probably be the best looking 2D game on PS1 if not for Legend of Mana and SaGa Frontier 2 which did some really sick shit with pre-rendered backgrounds and overall art. Sprite job in Suikoden IS superb, though.
9All 3D games at that time looked primitive, but that wasn't the point.I will fight you on the side the street.
8on the side the street.What.
5
7OoT is overrated as fuck.
, 
, 
The fuck is her problem? The moment i arrived at Skellige i was hype since i could do some quests with her and it would probably? finally pay off to dump Triss, Keira and stay loyal.Now all this fucking bitch does is treat you like shit in every single quest, never telling you anything and then bitching more if you dare to ask what's going on.Any way to get Triss back?
1I don't think you want Triss back, the Yen ending is actually the one Geralt always dreamed of.
1cause she is naturally a cunt.and geralt really gets a hard on about it.
1wow slow down there Dickens, I didn't come here to read a book.
1Why don't you want her to punish your testicles?
1that feel chinese cartoon archetype knowledge made me appreciate her more.
0Yandere is life, yandere is love
1You literally NTR'don her of course she's vaginahurt and treats you like an ass.
get with Trissall is goodget to Skelligeforgot how much Yenn gives me bonersjust reloaded a save file from 15 hours ago because I changed my mindlol fuck me dude
1not having a threesome with her and triss
1not slaying Kiera after passionately ramming her hot witch monkeyWhat are you, a pleb?
7That was fun.9Lambet needs some poon too.
7Two characters hate each otherHave a threesome just for fanserviceWhy is CDPR such a misogynistic company?
7
9He doesn't knowPlay the game, anon, instead of jumping into conclusions
9Is this b8?
treats Geralt like a dognot excited when you first meet uplemme just use this mask cause fuck all the consequences my plight is most importantactually a hunchback just uses magic to keep her appearance prettyoh lemme use fucking necromancy which is frowned up as fuck by witcher and everyone else to revive some guyoh lemme interrupt these people mourning their dead and not just wait a couple of hours on the side while they do their thingoh what's that? you'll help us get to your ancient garden? ima fuck it up by using necromancy lol hold onshut up geralt you don't know how shit works now lick my bootshas no respect for a legendary witcher
9not having Keira rape you instead after you decline her proposition
9actually a hunchback just uses magic to keep her appearance prettyNewfag detected. She was magically "cured" of her hunch as a teen. It's TRISS that has 80% of her body burned and coverd with simple illusion, since she can't recieve any treatment do to her allergy.All the rest - pure bullshit of a newfag who never heard about Yen before her introduction in third game.
9hateNah m8, just friendly cuntly banter between Triss and Yen.In fact, one of the first things Yen says to Geralt when they first meet is how much of a slut Triss is.
mfw people think Triss is good for them
4Even without this scene, Triss herself admits in TW3 that she basically used Geralt for past two games in every single way... and newfags still choose her
2Just like everyone else.White Wolf had a hard life.
Yen is canon.Yen is love, Yen is life.
yen a perfect
class="quote"listening to this and then going on to choose Triss
3Choosing Triss at all
2How can you say she's not a bitch and doesn't treat Geralt like a child?She stole some ancient mask to use however she wanted after being warned that it could possibly destroy the entire area. Maybe if she actually sat down and explained why she needs it and how the Wild Hunt is involved the druid would of helped he seemed concerned at the end.She interrupted a funeral and pestered a grieving person about how her husband how brutally murdered and for what? she should of just waited a bit with geralt and then asked calmly like a rational person instead of just running in there "stop what you're doing and listen to me! the things you're doing don't matter you fucking peasants."she destroyed and ancient garden to perform fucking necromancy even if Geralt tells her it's a bad idea and doesn't want to be a part of it. She just brushes him off like always saying he doesn't know shit and to stop getting involved.Fuck her. She's a bitch and doesn't care about anyone else. Geralt wouldn't do any of that shit. Up until now he searched for Ciri without being a complete cunt to everyone.
2Triss lets you use her though, to get info about Dandelion. IMO over the course of the games Triss dedicates herself to Geralt selflessly in a lot of ways.
Well, yeah, most of the time she is a bitch. But there are a couple of moments in the game when you see that she actually cares a lot about Geralt and really loves him
3I chose Triss but I felt a bit sick afterwards thinking about this song.
6While Triss is a nice person to Geralt all the time.Yen honestly just feels like a forced love interest the entire game.
Post-game or pre-final-mission save? Which one is better to keep playing and complete the secondary quests?
0First - learn to use spoiler cover.Second - everyone knows how she treats Geralt and that's a stample part of their relationship.Third - she NEVER betrayed him.Fourth - nice you keep cherry picking all the awful things she commits during the game. Somehow Triss is clear for doing a massive bullshit for 2,5 game and using Geralt even more, since she's openly taking advantage over his memory loss for first two games.Fifth - nice to know you, gamefag who never touched the booksInb4 Stuff from books doesn't countIt does, since the games are running on that material
0Nigger, if she didnt do all those things you would have never found ciri, sacrificing that garden and doing the necromancy is how you found out about UmaShe's a bitch and doesn't care about anyone elseshe cares about ciri and geralt, and seriously so many people bring that necromancy thing up, but how else would you find avalach?2to be fair all sorceresses used geralt at one point or another, triss, keira, yen, philipa they are all the same
3Openly stealing a guyAmnesia? Great! He won't even recall that he's in love with other womanSure, Triss is just lovely.
2So Geralt just likes being a beta to Yen and lets her walk all over him?Triss 4 lyfe
4It's simple. All the gamefags never HEARD about Yen before she was introduced, so they are rootinmg for Triss - after all, she and Geralt fucked a lot during previous two games. Hence they will favour Triss regardless of everything: books, game events and every other stuff.Besides, pragmatism is evil. Better get your nails ripped off than actually DO something useful.
93Only if you're a cuck.
6Triss is the same, she's just less interesting about it.
6Geralt IS beta, so what's your problem? He was established as beta more than 20 years ago.
6even in game geralt tells cerys that he never chose the peace and quiet, when asked why he likes Yenwhich actually makes both waifu endings very out of character for him, its straight up pandering tbh
4IKilled KeiraHelped but didn't romanced TrissHelped and romanced YenKilled the Radovid and DjistraAre there more secondary quests that can mess with the ending?
7Baron questSaving or not magesLetting Triss being tortured or notA LOT of stuff regarding Ciri about 10 or 15 different moments and decisions
5Pretty much, blame his mommy issues.
9Damn, I wanna get raped like that too.
3Obviously, Yen is a different person than Triss is. And obviously most people would rather be with a warm and nice person like Triss, than with Yen, who has a really tough character.But still, that doesn't change the fact that Yen really loves Geralt and there are moments in the game where you can clearly see that.
9Good thing I can tell her to fuck off anyway.
6Best reaction pic these games have ever produced
"You'd brave a fire for her, while she plays you like a cheap fiddle. Way it's always been."- Eskel the Wise on Geralt x YenYen seemed hella forced in this game. The whole LOVER OF YORE nonsense.
3Ok, guess I'm done then.
How far down the Triss questline can you go before you fuck things up with Yen?
2Her hunch wasn't cured as a teen. Yen is over 100 years old and naturally has a hunchback. Also only Triss' face and chest area were burned, which she had surgically fixed because she can't use magic on herself because she's allergic to it.
2Well it ties in with the whole Destiny aspect of it all.
People think the books redeem Yen in any way when shes a massive cunt in both Breaking her heart is just doing to her what she does to everyone else.
tfw you'll never get BTFO by the lady of the lake for lying over the course of W3Feels bad man
4Romancing her is almost completely separated from main questline. You can finish all parts of main quest in Novigrad and then go to Skellige and win Yen's heart.
3Letting Triss being tortured or notWait what does this change
6Newfags who never read the books talking about stuff they have no clue aboutHow cute
6Yeah, just curious on how much of her personal story you can do without it locking you in.
7does lambert die if you kill keira?
obnoxious rich cunt and sappy useless bimbo Seen it before
6Daily reminder there are people who can't see why Geralt loves Yen and why she loves himDisgusting. I mean I can understand why people pick Triss, that's justifable, but the amount of pointless "evilizing" of Yen is just stupid
6doesn't refute or argue with any points
7This.
Triss  Keira  Lambert  Radovid  Yen "Just Cuck My Shit Up" nifer
6Not necessarily, mine didn't.
6Her hunch was cured, faggot.All sorceresses have major physical flaws. Most families wouldn't send their daughters off to become sorceresses unless they couldn't be married off. Then they use their talents to permanently fix their bodies. I dont remember the exact quote, but something about how you can see in their eyes how they used to be ugly.
6Dijkstra will only back you up if you tell him where the treasure is. Do to so, you must successfully infiltrate witch hunters HQ, which means Triss will have to endure entire course of nail-pulling from her left hand
4Everything up to the lighthouse banging scene.
7Because they are all bullshit, that's why. Stay frosty, anon
could you talk shit to such a cute face anons?
1mfw i went through the torture and only get the key, didn't find out where the treasure wasDid i fuck up? What are the consequences of that? Djikstra still seems buddy buddy with Geralt
1If she acts like a cunt, yes.
God I fucking hate sorceresses. Why haven't their organisations been smashed and their members burned alive, like Philip IV did with the Knights Templars? What kind of monarch would allow a more or less secret sect inside his realm without any binding alliances to him or the dynasty and which he has no control over.They're malignant, their influence and machinations are totally obvious. They should be kept on a extremely short leash and under constant fear of persecution, maybe then they will know their place and stop conspiring all the fucking time
1 Let Radovid live
5 :/
1Why haven't their organisations been smashed and their members burned aliveWell, they're mages, anon.
1Literally nobody with any sense would disagree with you
2Dijkstra is a complete dick, just in case you never read the books. This will spare you surprise when he will try to put a knife in your back.Back to the subject - it doesn't matter if you just find the key, what's important that you've talked with Menge instead of slaying him in open assault.
1newfags dont remember Battle of Sodden
5Triss is yandere, Yennifer is all Tsun with very little dere
2He won't help you at Kaer Morhen against the Wild Hunt
1nice try radovid
1Only the lodge does that and the lodge is fucking cancerous. However what Radovid does isn't very smart either cause they are fucking mages.
I didn't go to do the quest "The Gangs of Novigrad" until it was too late apparently, because when i went there all Geralt would say to the dwarf is that he wouldn't get involved in their squabbles. Then the quest failed after i progressed the main quest further. Did i miss anything important?
2Yennifer has cucked Geralt just as much if not more.
5going with who to promwhodumped/10, I'm not going with an illiterate
7Hey now, Eskel was the one with the hourglass figure
1Look at this fresh kid! He never bothered with the lore, let alone the books!There WAS internal control of mages, disbanded in the saga. Everything that follows is a fallout of that disbanding. So mages WERE controlled and everything was clean and tidy. Then Philippa came with her ambitions, Radovid with his hate toward mages and before that Vilgefortz pretty much pulled Sandro on everyone.
2I dont blame her man, if someone I had a crush on had amnesia I'd probably take advantage of them too.
4He wasn't beta when he lost his memories.Amnesia Geralt is alpha as fuck. Slayed as much pussy as he did monsters in Witcher 1. Then the more memories he got back, the more he reverted to his former cuck self.
2she plays you like a cheap fiddlewe now need revolver lambert and entire cast is here
6His facial expression is just magical in this one.
4If someone you had a crush on who happened to be in a relationship with your best friend - you forgot that part, and the part where she purposefully hid it from Yennifer while knowing Yen was worried about him.
4Radovid was fucking right, all sorceresses should just be killed
7Big fucking deal. Train or hire mage hunters and wipe that scum from the face of the earth. Let's see how powerful they are when they are being hunted down like animals and are on the run 24/7.
9mommy issuesHow do you mean? You a bookfag? Do tell.
1300 dosh and some XP
5Too bad he was retarded and decided to just stab out eyeballs.
1The only truly bad mages are sorceresses from the Logde and not even all of them. By bad I mean "too ambitious for their own good". Oh, and Vilgefortz, but he's the big bad of the books.
8STANDING
Someone post the imageYou know the one
1In game mages have been nerfed to shit, if mages retained the power they had in the books, they would fucking crush miniature armies. Yen alone can destroy wild hunt and has done so in the past.
7So why didn't Dandelion and Zoltan tell Geralt?
5He is kidding. Book!Geralt has no mommy issues.
1How would you hunt a mage? At most you would force them into hiding and maybe kill a shitter or two, but not because they're scared, but because they're devious fuckers.
1doing yen's side questget to the conclusionshe's happy she still has feelings for geralt after the djinn removed the last wishselect the option where geralt says "nope, magic is gone. i don't have feelings for you anymore"mfw the bitch's reaction "b-but...!"
7
3It's okay to be shit as long as other people are shit too.I wasn't aware.
6last panelKek
2Both Yen's bff and Geralt's bff hid it from him... just saying.
7implying Geralt does not go into a full autismo mode that one time he meets Visenna
2Even without this scene, Triss herself admits in TW3 that she basically used Geralt for past two games in every single way... and newfags still choose herYou mean just like Yen does apart from her bitch attitude and treating you like shit?Yen is only a fuckbuddy.
6Why would you do that.
7this, people self-insert as geralt and because of that hate yen, they dont realise that both are established characters and his love of yen does make sensetriss is still a qt though, and waifu fags are cancer
8We're burning the corpses? What then?We'll make potions from their ashes. Take them into battle with us.
8I did that too. Fuck that whiny cunt.
Literally Yukari Takeba's twin 100% pure bitch
Triss alternates between being boring and irritating.Yen alternates between being bitchy and witty.Yen wins.
6whats with his facial expressions?!this shit is seriously hilarious!
3Yen honestly just feels like a forced love interest the entire game.That's because she is. A djinn's wish ties Geralt and Yen together. Yen's sidequest is you removing said tie and you can then choose if Geralt still has feelings or not for Yen.Yen is a massive bitch.
8I understand all of it and even have read the books, it doesn't change that I have always hated Yen so I still told her to go fuck herself because as much as I like playing the game as Geralt "in-character", some decisions I have to make for my personal enjoyment.
9If by "a guys is barely alive and even less conscious thanks to sustained wounds" you mean "full autismo", then you are a fucking retard.Or do you mean that it's "unmanly" when a dude who never before met his mother finally had a chance to exchange few words with her? Especially since he was in his 80s back then.
3You monster.
9My mother was cold and cruel and i find myself attracted to Yen. Maybe there's something to this psychology thing after all.
Post funny Geralt faces.
8those DSLs
8This so much. Yen is a bitch and Geralt loves it. Yen even mentions it when you are looking for Ciri's dead friend in skelliege.
6that 'I'll leave you alone for a bit' face
5Yeah but at least Yen is kinky, she likes to get fucked while sitting on a unicorn for fuck sake.
WHO CARES SHES HOT AS FUG
6last panel well this is awkward
1time to get the fuck out, yen is mad
1are you in your fucking teens still?wow so kinky
6my penis
6the dog pun-off in the gardenEvery 1-on-1 moment between Geralt and Yen after the initial meeting in Vizima is super great.
0I don't care if I'm being cucked and controlled as long as she's hot
Roche..I'm already a mutant..
6N-no no that onekek though
1
1You're cucked and controlled no matter who you end up with.
You will never fug your daughter
6
1Triss' ending is literally 'be her boytoy in her mansion for the rest of eternity'.
6That's why you choose Zoltan.
2First - learn to use spoiler cover.not that anon but holy shit quit being a babyas if anyone else has used it in any of these threads
7B T F OTFO
6Sorry but I don't get it.Is he supposed to be indifferent to her rejection or what?
6Can you copy Dragon Age: Inquisition anymore CDPR?
1I actually liked Yenn's personality, dainty submissive chicks are boring and I find her to be pretty funny.
8He's rejecting her with no fucks given
3Dandelion doesn't like Yennifer
8Being a cuck and being a boytoy are major fucking different things you buffoon.
8He's the one rejecting her, she even goes on to say "b-but I...I still love you" and whining about it.
1
1everyone overusing hair gel in da3
1That shiny hair what the fuck
JUST
0yen is a bitchlook at all these bad things she did so she could save ciriAll that proves is that she really cares.
Is there an ending where can I tell both hoes to gtfo and just go witching around while getting paid?
6
5No Snake has every died in his own bed
6SUCK
Dumping her or staying with her was the hardest choice I have ever had in a video game. On one had I fucking hate her because she's a bitch, but I also didn't want to ruin things for Geralt after I already sent Triss and Keira away. It was literally the last vagina available.Also having either "I love you forever" or "I hate you and want you to fuck off" as my choices was a little sour.
1implying da didn't borrow heavily from the witcher universe in the first place
6that pic is transphobic btw :'
8People that haven't read the books completely understandable and acceptable have 0 connection or backstory to Yen.So all they see is a bitch treating you like shit and doing tons of questionable things like draining a sacred garden of life to use dark magic to forcefully ressurect a young man and force answers out of him and more.Triss on the other hand is actually being nice and noble allowing herself to get captured and tortured so you can find your friend, saving the mages of the city, etc..It makes perfect sense why many would prefer Triss over Yen. Then you also have to factor in that some people just don't like Yen's bitchy attitude, even if they read the books.Trying to stick to the "canon couple" from the books is pointless anyway since the games are not canon. They're a "what if" scenario.
6Yeah, but the ending doesn't say "And Geralt never had to worry about crazy pussy ever again". Instead it says basically you're miserable for the rest of your life and die alone in a field somewhere.
0I hate you and want you to fuck offThis really isn't the other choice, even when he turns her down moments later he says how it doesn't mean he doesn't love being around her and this and that and the rest of the game they act the same as ever to one another.
1If graphics were on low everyone had really shiny hair for some reason, It may have been patched, though.
6You actually get that if you tell them both you love them
Picking eitherNot just fucking wenches at the brothel all day erry day
Did anyone else get the feeling that Geralt does not like portals?
0This so much. Yen is a bitch and Geralt loves it. Yen even mentions it when you are looking for Ciri's dead friend in skelliege.You could argue that is the Djinn's wish.Geralt could very well not like Yen anymore after the wish is lifted. I mean I certainly wouldn't want someone like Yen for a gf.
Trissfags literally can't handle the bantsSorta pathetic
3hawt
5he he hehhehe knew the cake was le lie ;^
3Paying directly for sex is kind of demeaning.
1Inquisition was mediocre in every wayall choices and minor dialogue options lead to the same outcome no matter whatcame out when no other RPGs were coming outfirst DLC came out half a year after release and was 15$ for one zone with damage sponge enemiesCouldn't EA just have killed Bioware and let Visceral live instead? Visceral at least cared somewhat for their games even by the end.
dick around in White Orchard for about 12 hoursspend at least as much again in Velenrealize i loaded the wrong save and Letho is considered deadThe fuck do I do now.
Non stop shit talk isn't banter, it's annoyingHaving somebody constantly give you orders is annoying as wellHave you guys ever been outside?
3priscilla will never sing again
3Nice Enhanced Ursine school leggings.
2Picking either shitty cunt6Not in medieval times.
3Goddamn, that look he gives after he undresses. kek
3Why are they so shiny? Is everyone made of plastic?
4Even Dandelion has better taste in women than GeraltNow that's just fucking sad
Reminder to toggle voices to Polish before playing
4Personally I find it amusing how Yenfags always fall back on the "LOL YOU DIDN'T READ THE BOOKS!" argument if someone doesn't like Yen/likes Triss better. It's like they are just ignoring that 1. Yen's actions in the book may not have necessarily made her that much more endearing and 2. the games don't force Geralt back with Yen even though Wild Hunt tries to push you towards her, so therefore he's not 'supposed' to end up with her.
0Yen is a good representation of how most white women act nowadays so it's not unreasonable to see why men cucks are finding it attractive. They're forcing themselves to with the help of brainwashing or they end up alone.
6Geralt visiting brothels from time to time is canon.4Rain most like.
Why did they ditch the best hairstyle?
4Bookfags need to grasp that it's canon they were only in love due to the djinn's power.
How did you deal with Whoreson Jr?
0The banter between Djikstra and Geralt was excellent. Maybe he was salty because his leg got rekt.
4You know what to do fool.
4You sure? I thought it was being shunned because of Christian values and shit.Either way I can't morally project myself into the 13th century even if I wanted to.
6I tried
5unleashed my inner /pol/
8Because hes straight up afraid of her, he gets bullied by yen big time.
4I did almost every possible sidequest, around level 18, just met Trish, and then I realized that I fucked up somehow even though I've never killed Letho in any of my games. I started again, hoping that this save works
5Him bringing it up once or twice during the initial hours of the game was alright.Him mentioning it every time he as much as heard the mention of teleportation or portals felt weird.
3G-geralto k-kun?
5Killed him.After killing dozen of his hired goons to reach him, it felt stupid sparing the biggest dickhead on the compound just because I was directly presented with a choice of doing so.
I felt fucking horrible for Skjell and wanted to backhand Yennifer for tormenting him.Christ what an evil sadistic bitch.
5I was really drunk and didn't do anything to him. Looking back I wish I slashed the cunt
1because it got old
0Also with Yen's sidequest you can basically decide that their attraction was fake. Well , from Geralt's side at least.
5Was there really any choice? I mean what? You are suppose to set him free because he begs you for it, while kneeling right before a prostitute he tortured to death?
5Killed him.Unlike what the game said, I didn't do it for Ciri, but because he was a degenerate murderer who clearly showed no remorse in butchering dozens of women, and would obviously continue killing after he had shed his crocodile tears.
3I'll abandon my family for some vapid cunt I just met who can obviously take care of herselfCuck had it coming.
0This, there really was no grey area when it came to killing him or letting him live. He was a degenerate who deserved it. Although I am curious did anyone leave him alive? What happens?
2you will never be rich enough to have henchmen that bring you prostitutes that you can torture to deathLife is boring
5there was only one option for me.
6JUSTCan somebody explain this meme? I don't understand.
6Google "Just fuck my shit up"
5people killed himpeople did not enjoy him living homeless on the streets of novigrad, getting bullied by kids later on
1RADOVID SUCKS FLACCID COCK
2Yeah. Reinstall TW2, load the last save, read through the journal and the quest descriptons to make sure it's the playthrough I really wanted to import, play through the last conversation with Letho, load the autosave in TW3, start over and rush through the parts I did once already.Still, I should be allowed to bitch about it, shouldn't I?
5I let him live cause I am a witcher who kills monsters not humans
7Wish I could at least check if the new save I'm loading is the right one at least.
5He ends up as a beggar, treated like shit by everyone. "Punishment"
1humans cannot be the real monstersDid you forget the first game?Did you forget Geralt's first monster kill in the books which was a rapist on the road?
5I accidentally clicked on live when having a conversation across the room. I'm continuing on anyway, because no resets for me. The guy has no support from Redania anymore before you get to him, he has the other gangs that want to kill him. He's a dead man either way, just one being quicker. I guess. I'll find out later.
4What a godly way to die.
1I let him live cause I am a witcher who kills monsters not humansSo what about the hordes of people you killed just to get to Whoreson?
3went to novigradstill having shitty one-digit lvl bladesconsole peasants...
1You can bitch about it, but saving Letho goes without saying.
4Rejoice that your save is canon
0They attacked me first
9Spare him and he's beggarKill the fucking scum for what he did and Dudu takes his place to help people as much as possibleSeriously anon? Making him a begger is good?
5OMG how deep and edgy. Geralt is a monster hunter not a moral policeman.
3He had a though life.family always bitching about being foreveralonesee qt3.14159 fall from the sky, help a mysterious man save her from drowningspend every waking moment watching over heronce she wakes up your sister tells her how you feelshe's prepared to let him give her the D just causegets cockblocked by the fucking Wild Hunthelp qt escapefamily disowns youtry to kill werewolfaggot to restore honorhe rapes your asssome cunt sorcerer shows up and brings you back to life just to ask about qtpoor guy.
4realized i did this when i was on my way to skellige.now im almost done i think.i should probably do a complete playthrough from witcher 1 to witcher 3.i also want to read some of the books.
4Susch a shame we didn't get to see Kalkstein again. Instead we got Thaler, and I'm pretty fucking sure he died in my w1 file too.
1Did Geralt call anyone a pleb in Witcher 3?
5His entire character revolves around how he always fucks up doing his job because he can't stop being a massive moralfag.
6
9Spoilers: that's not what happens.
2obviously take care of herselfIf she can, then why are Geralt and Hrrennifer after her.
6It's horrendously unfunny.
8No, but I've had some city guy call him a lumpenproletariate.
9NO YOU HOLD THE HANDLE. THE HOOK GOES IN THE WATER NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND.
Summon the bitches
6Who do you think ordered those men to kill you? Do you think if whoreson had the opportunity to kill you he wouldn't?
5OMG how deep and edgy.Geralt is a monster hunter not a moral policeman.Throughout the games and books they have asked the questioncan some humans be monsters and can some monsters be human?Take your doppler friend for example. By default your logic is that we should spare Whoreson but kill Dudu.Sparing Whoreson makes absolutely 0 sense.
7tfw you don't get to keep Yennifer's pants.50% sign intensity pants.
literally cannot handle the bantsBeta
7
do werewolf questguy is a huge prickcan choose to kill him or get rewardchoose rewardimmediately after I run him through with my sword and decapitate himpeople whining about how I let him gohow could they ever possibly fucking knowpeople talk about how the scourge of the seas is backcheck quest log"The Witcher decided to let the man go. Although this may sound strange to you, dear reader, remember that the witcher kills monsters, not humans"WHATTHE FUCK
, 
just traded my vita and everything with it for a Wii U. Am I a dumb? I have a 3DS.
Oh god why.
consoles
0I'm tempted to get a Wii U at some point, but I would never trade my Vita for one.
0well depends if you like first part nintendo games over weeb games if not you fucked up
0trading your Vita for a Wii U3DSI'm so sorry.
0i sold my brick FOR ANOTHER BRICKsickm8but vita isnt getting supported by sony anymore so you will get to play the nintendo exclusives atleastyou did ok i guess?
Jesus Christ anon
Quite, trading in consoles is never a good idea. Should've just waited and saved up for a Wii U and had both.
9Quite, trading in consoles is never a good idea.This, you just end up losing so much money in the progress.I hope you didn't at least lose a Vita 1k, because you're not getting another OLED device.
No, not at all. Now you can play Smash Bros, Xenoblade, Zelda and Fire Emblem when they're released
Don't worry anon, I would do the same any time of the week. I want to love vita, I really do, but sonys behavior concerning it is absolute joke.
0trading in your stuffnot buying games for the wii uyou tell me
3DS has the better weeb games anyway.
0They both have dismally small game selections so you only messed up if you wanted to play videogames.
0Yeah, you fucked up.Hard.
0I traded dead platform X for dead platform YWow
4flat chestedIsn't this the new Gust game? Where are the tits?
Damn son, and the Vita was Sony's actual good console this gen.Not just staying with both handhelds
0tfw poorfagonly one game on my 3DSspare a nintendo card my brother? spare a gift for an old hobo like me.
9sent ;^

I hope V.A.T.S. isn't returning.

7inb4 iOS fallout themed candy crush clone
7Oh look, another thread.Im surprised you could type this, seeing as you didn't see the other 500+ FO4 threads.
7Oh fuck.I mean it was pretty much confirmed but now I can finally believe.
Not on Nintendo.Not relevant.
So what mashed-potato-faced engine do you think it's gonna use this time around.I mean at the least they will be using some PBR possibly but at what cost.If they do some paid-mod shit then I'm willing to start a private tracker specifically to circumvent paid mods.
RADIATION SHOUTS
twitch tv/bethesda
7Player character is the Atomborn
GET THEM NUKA COLAS READY
I love and prefer black men
Yawn. Another Sony non-exclusive rehash.When are they going to release something to rival Splatoon?never
PS3/360 confirmed only.Confirmed for a massive blunder. Zenimax wanted as much money so they release it on 360/ps3.
I GOT A BONE TO PICKI DON'T WANT YOUR MONKEY-MOUTH MOTHERFUCKERS POSTIN IN MY BOARD AGAINI'M MADBUT I AIN'T STRESSINGTRUE /v/ONE QUESTIONBITCH, WHERE YOU WHEN I WAS HATIN?NOW TODD RUNS THE GAME, GOT THE WHOLE WORLD TALKINFALLOUT 4EVERYBODY WANNA SUCK ITS COCK. 4GARBAGE GAME, NO LOSSES.BITCH, WHERE YOU WHEN I WAS HATIN?NOW TODD RUNS THE GAME, GOT THE WHOLE WORLD TALKINFALLOUT 4EVERYBODY WANNA SUCK ITS COCK. 4GARBAGE GAME, NO LOSSES.
Back in my day /v/ hated bethesda and the shitty fallout games.
PS3 360 PC PS4 XBOBRACE FOR LAST GEN QUALITY
44444Faggot
3not on Wii UYou're damn right it's a blunder. It won't even sell 5 copies thanks to this fuck up.
bethesdaeverything will be "streamlined"character is the chosen onegame will be buggy with shit dlc out the assWhy would anyone get hyped for this shit?
Man, I really pray Fallout 4 takes some lessons from New Vegas like all the different factions and reputations with them. Or the depth that the companions in NV had that 3 lacked.
9No it didn't. /v/ has always loved these shitty ass games.1aua
7inb4 iPhone gameinb4 ASSFAGGOTS
1500+ FO4 threads.list them.
7oh boy, skyrim with guns and an even more retarded plot, can't wait for those juicy mods that will only cost 10,99$!
0character is the chosen oneThat's literally every game in the series. Even the first two, quite literally so in 2.
Really hope they allow almost every npc to be killed like in New Vegas
8Anon stop shitposting.
1but /v/ has always been this terribleFinally someone fucking gets it. Neo-/v/ is a phrase shouted by delusional retards who want to believe /v/ "used" to be good when they first came.
Fallout 3 was trash.I'm more excited to see them change it up and make something GOOD for once.Skyrim was good. If they do that with fallout, all will be well. Also make the environment more engaging and less bland. i swear to god i was bored out of my mind in fallout 3 just because of the lame scenery and emptiness
7Is the game all but confirmed for being cross gen now?Is there any reason that ps3/360 stuff may have been in the code besides it being cross-gen?Can anyone confirm how badly it will cripple the game? Will they have to build the games A.I/physics/animations/interactive areas for the lowest common denominatorps3/360 and then upscale? Or can they build them for PS4/Xbone and then downscale for shitty PS3/360?
1FALLOUT 4EVERYBODY WANTS TO HATE THE FUCK OUT OF ITWHEN YOU'RE ON THE CHAN
8shitposters don't even realize 'skyrim with guns' was ironic shitposting
reshashout 4Bwaaahaahahahahaaa!Don't even bother buying this candy crush piece of garbage.Get a Wii U and next year get LoZ Wii U. it will be well worth it and about 5000 times as good as Fallout. Shitout 4 will be full of bugs, minigames, on-disc DLC and incomplete content.Even Mario shitass Party 10 is a better game that Fuckoff 4.Just boycott it. It's not even on a Nintendo console, how do they expect to sell any copies?
mfw they return to top-down turn basedplayable raceswe want the olde school audienceYes.
1There are actually people hyped for thisDisgusting
1Pathetic that anyone likes this shit. Fuck /v/
4739108Typical /v/ faggots hating everythingA lot of tears on this board already today
6
1
7as much as I wish, it's simply not possible...brb cryingexcept races maybe bc mad max
What are the chances this will actually be BETTER than New Vegas and not WORSE than Fallout 3?
0Confirmed that Fallout 4 does not deserve to be hyped.
0Quads confirms it.1YEAAAAH
5WHAT'S THE CHAN?
4Isn't that lovely faggot
I still dont even know what the fuck the people in FO3 eat, there's no farms, no mention of shipments of food and even if there was where would they be shipping it from? And by now the pre war food has got to be getting scarce.At least in New Vegas there's shitty sharecropper farms growing dirt and you could argue food being brought in from the NCR, but in 3 that's simply not there.
0Was worth being hyped for until LAST GEN
7fallout was top downyou are so fucking retarded, you've clearly never played any fallout game.
5Not in new vegas
7This.skyrim was goty and this will be too.All these haters who don't love every game in every way need to fuck off.
4Pretty slim. I hope they build off of what New Vegas improved over 3 instead of ignoring all of it. We'll see.
2THE CHAN IS THE POWERS THAT B
also on 360 and 3 ;DDDDDDDAnd there goes my hypeFuck you Bethesda you fucking jews
40%just dont believe in todd lies
1anon they eat iguanas and squirrels
2THE CHAN IS THE POWER THAT BETHEY LIKED SHITTY GAMES LIKE FALLOUT 3OH YES THEY DID, OH YES THEY DIDI CAN DIG HYPINGBUT MORE OPEN WORLD GARBAGE? WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED?OH NO!
I wanna be a ghoul
I can't wait to be nickel and dimed.
IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES
8You are so dumb. Please use the critical thinking skills you were supposed to learn in middle school last year
It's on last gen too! Downgrade!Honestly, I don't consider the new generation of consoles advanced enough for me to care. The difference between current gen and last gen is minimal compared to, say, PS2 to PS3. That's why PS4 remasters of PS3 games are stupid.Shamelessly copypasted.
8I hope WATTS will be in the game.4Marginal. I don't even hope for a NW episode later like with FO3. Remember, Zenimax is making games for the shareholders, not the customers.
Where the fuck is it saying that F4 is on last gen consoles
0these are the type of people reddit and co. brought infuck off
1It's a post apocalyptic world anon, the bombs just fell. There's no government or society to do things like that :^
So when I found out The counter was about 22 hours going to fallout4.com led you to the same countdown.As of now, fallout4.com is down, checked on is this confirmation that it's not Fallout Online or some shit like that? You can confirm what it was like on 
7hyperbolenounexaggerated statements or claims not meant to be taken literally.
I just want different races, I wanna be a spooky ghoul
last gen tooPAHAHAHANintendo doesn't do this.Fucking flop of 2015.Im gonna go and play Splatoon now. This is pathetic.
8console-centric multiplatno VATS
7just fell200 years agoI know you're avin a giggle but I've heard people actually use that argument before.
1FALLOUT THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHUYUHSITTIN IN THE THREAD TRYNA FIND OUT WHERE THE LOGICAL PEOPLE ARE, BUT INSTEAD THEY'RE ALL GONE. HYUH
7
New engine, guys.For real this time!
2Splatoon shills vs Bethesda shillsDear god
1I know /v/ always gets hyped over retarded shit like this, but it actually pisses me off. WHEN WILL THEY LEARN?
4In the source code for the website it mentions the icons for 360/PS3 along with Steam, Mac, PS4, Xbone, etc.
2Reddit doesn't have the attention span necessary to watch K-On!I still don't know how I did it.
1Fuck Fallout 4 and fuck everyone who gives a shit
4Must be why it isn't stickied
1People would eat Bethesda alive if they used Gamebryo again.That said, new engine or not - the game will suck shit. Bethesda does not, I repeat, does fucking not know how to make good games.
3IIRC the world was designed to take place 20 years after the bombs fell. It jumped to 200 years because they wanted to use the BoS as the good guy faction or something.
86
 All these people being saltyI enjoyed Fallout 3, I liked the post-apocalyptic setting and  atmosphere. It led me to play Fallout 1 and 2 which I found fascinating with its mechanics and totally different location.I also found FNV to be a solid sequel, superior game mechanics to F3 which it is based from, better narrative and yet I still love F3 for its harsher world.I'm looking forward to F4, even if the setting is F3 like as long as they maintain and improve the game mechanics and keeping branching storylines.
4having objectively worst taste in menWhite daddies and bears are the best? Followed by Latinos and the rest are shit.
5So shitposting. Gotcha.
Fallout is fucking boring shit.
4I would willing put money on the line to bet that bethesda DOES in fact know how to make a good game, it's just that they don't give a shit because it would impact the profit margin.
0I SWORE I WOULDN'T TELLBUT MOST OF YALL HAVE SHIT TASTE LIKE YOU GOT THE BOTTOM BUNK IN A NO TOILET TWO MAN CELL
4What if it turns out they just sucked ass at using Gamebryo and the change in engine is what they needed to make decent games?
I was hyped but then...Last gen shit.
4They have every gameHow does it feel knowing that you will rage for months /v/ then literally millions of people like me will buy this game on release, giving money to Bethesda, and enjoy it.
Will by hyped to hell and backEveryone will eat it upWill get multiple DLCGet GOTY awardsHuge score on MetacriticRegardless of the game's quality, this will all happen.
5This please
6Good fucking luck using that interface with a gamepad.
4stop being so reasonable! This kiddies wont understand!
I would kinda want a game set during the resource wars. It could work as a battlefield style game.
4* hate every game
1My nigga.10/10
4How does it feel...Feels like vindication for every time I've called the majority of posters retards.
What will the canon ending be in NV? Yes Man?
1as a battlefield style gameYeah, fantastic direction for an RPG series.
6have 157% unarmedeye attacks are always 95% accuracyI went around like some kung fu warlord tearing people's eyes out left and right.
1That's just your terrible opinion my man I need someone to tell me what to do and where to go in order to explore the worldnot travelling and going to places unmarked on your mapnot peering off into distance and going to places that stand out from the emptiness of the wastelandnot listening to audio logsnot reading scattered notes and journal entries not reading computer entries not purging the wasteland of raiders and super mutants alike with your best pal Fawkes There's tons of shit to do in fallout 3. The main story I couldn't give too much of a shit about but the side quests, though somewhat limited, were all interesting and memorable. Maybe you should stop listening to /v/ and actually try to enjoy the game
ayyyyyyy
Neckbeards sure are shilling their brown shit game
1Oh fuck off
we agree with Jim Sterling on this topic? amiibo is ok in concept, but the fact that Nintendo is woefully incompetent and can't make enough or absolutely evil and are creating artificial scarcity that the entire thing is pointless for 99% of people.
9absolutely evil and are creating artificial scarcity that the entire thing is pointless for 99% of people.Theres literally nothing evil about this. They're creating a demand for this product and the more bitching is leading to more sales. If they just dumped a bunch of these, they wouldn't even be talked about. But now its doing things like basically securing games like Splatoon and that new Chibi-Robo success. It's smart on their part. They're a business, not your friend. And Sterling is a faggot anyway.
Jim Sterlingthe guy that gave Alpha Protocol a 2/10
9No, fuck that fat fuck. Amiibos are awesome.
Fuck this fat cunt off of /v/. E-celebs are cancer.
5Amiibos are awesome.Having to pay 3-4 times MSRP from scalpers because Nintendo are a bunch of idiots isn't awesome.
Why is this guy popular?
6People resorting to stealing trucks full of amiibosOnce somebody gets killed over one, Nintendo will finally listen
Yes, fuck manufactured scarcity.
6By only selling 10% if the goods they could have, they are somehow making more moneyHow does that even work?
9artificial scarcityNo, it just means they are made for kids and Nintendo did not account for the millions of manchildren who are collecting these shitty toys
9this guy looks gross as fuck
2He virals here a lot. Actively uses twitter and is a strong SJW, he made a 10 minutes video whining about how offensive a satirical game about murdering homosexuals was. He also makes $10k patreonbucks a month off of autists.
Posting Jim Sterling should be a bannable offense
5So Nintendo is incompetent. That was what was said in the video.
sterling is a fat fuck with opinion who differs with whoever hires his fat ass
Posting Jim SterlingFuck off.
0This. Report the thread people
9Fuck off Jim you're shit and no one likes you
As someone who opened in the electronics section on the morning of Amiibo wave 4 and managed to get one of the 3 packs I was laughing during that whole video especially when he said it was going for 90+$. The amiibos really are a big part of the game though. The gold, clothing, mini games, weapons, and long list of missions are a much needed break from multiplayer.
1Implying they'll even listen thenNintendo knows what they're doing, this is all part of their plan.
9amiibo is ok in concept
6Couldn't the logic in that twitter post be applied to anything?
6Wow, you're so mature Jim. You deserve so many social brownie points for that statement. That video you just made was so intellectual and funny! I loved the part where you pretended to dildo mario in the ass with a sword!
6This can't be real
1This boy's death could have been prevented if a business provided more supplies to the market and stopped being a businessThat just doesn't seem like a very solid argument. People getting shot during the PS3 launch was due to people being dumbasses, not because of the PS3 itself. Sony wouldn't have to come out and go "We're sorry our launch caused someone's new bullet hole".
Who is this fat autistic guy?
I still do not understand why the fuck people are buying these little plastic pieces of shit. They're just physical DLC, yet autists are losing their minds over them. For what purpose?
xDDDD
Do they do amiibos better than brawl did? It was kind of underwhelming.
6In his defense, Jim won't be having sex with anyone by any other means other than by force.
7not pre-ordering.It's your fault for not getting good.
0Yes. In fact, if you distilled it right down to the very core of the argument, "Don't be a creep", then it's sound advice.However, it's presented in a post that not only condemns people for something they "have the potential to do", but also provides a shitty standard that men are nothing but potential rapists.I mean, shit, why don't we take all the people suffering from mental conditions and keep them on a 24-7 watch to make sure they will never kill anyone. Not because they will, but because they certainly have the potential to.
7mum
8With the kind of money he pulls in he could sustain an expensive hooker addiction.
Can we agree with Jim SterlingPRINCE OF GETS, GRANT ME THIS 5
6I hate this free market jerkoff meme
6Nah.
I done gave up on hunting them if I see one I like Ill buy it but im not waiting at my computer every hour of my life hoping to get one ..they either need to start making more or offer whats on them on the eshop..it started off with shit like costumes I didnt care for but with splatoon it has changeless i wouldn't mind playing but I cant
0He DID?! Why?
eceleb bullshitCrashing this thread, with no survivors.
3But doesnt literally everyone have the potential to kill someone?
0he made a 10 minutes video whining about how offensive a satirical game about murdering homosexuals wasso a gay man hated a game that centered around killing gay people simply because they were gay. My god what an awful person
9Why yes, anon, that is true.I'm watching you.
4Leave.
6its a psychological thing. Give people a shitty figurine and all the sudden DLC doesn't feel like a ripoff.
2I actually answered carrot
0a satirical game about murdering homosexualsWhat sort of satire comes out of that?
9Yes. Nintendo could have easly done that every smash amiibo gives you their clothes in Splatoon. I would have loved to run around in Mega Man armor. But Nintendo will never do this because they are jews and like to have their heads up their asses.
Fuck off jim you fat fuck
6
5Like how anything that does a genre any differently than the usual is considered a deconstruction.
6Our SunMy DisgustStill smaller then the human blimp that is Jim Sterling.
6manufacture 100k of things when the demand is 10 times highersell it on stock price, some people are buying them in stock just to re-sell them latersomehow it makes you more money than selling more of the product for the same, stock pricewhich will profit both you and fans or increasing the price because you canwhich will make you a profitIf you ever wondered why are nintendodrones still living with their parents - this is the reason why.
eh, only gifferbarfers hate himand they should fucking LEAVE this place
3Guess he didn't like it.
Why is this thread not deleted? It's blatant viralling.
0there.
7well it is the same company that puts a limit on the number of times you can start a demo...
9fedora fat fuck opinionRight in the trash, fuck off Jim.
6Theres literally nothing evil about thisDie, cancer
4This.
9Please report and hide e-celebs threads
6Jonathan Tron and James do not count as cancer.
Who is this fat piece of shit?
6/v/ taking blatant sarcasm seriously for an excuse to shitpostWhen did this place lose it's sense of humor. I get a feeling it was around the time the PS$/Xbone was released, but it sure as hell feels like it was earlier than even that.
9but the fact that Nintendo is woefully incompetent and can't make enough Maybe they just didn't expect it to sell as much as it did? Because honestly who would have expected it to sell as much as it is
5/v/ lost its sense of humour somewhere back in 2009.Since then its been dominated by malignant shitbabies
Mods do your fucking jobs
can we agreeI want tumblr/reddit/buzzfeed/whoever the fuckwantsahugbox to fucking leave
ITT we reveal our true power levelsi regularly listen to video game musicand game grump remixeseven in public
i am a competitive ASSFAGGOTS playernone of my friends knownobody in my family knowsthey all think i am unemployedi am planning on buying a house next year and i dont know how i will explain it to them
i work as a personal trainer at a gymi own a vita and play weeb shit all the time
4by public you mean headphones?
I have 5 dakimakuras.
i regularly listen to video game musicI thought we all did this.
I occasionally attempt to discuss video games on an anime imageboardI also buy doujins featuring video game characters.
4How can you not listen to "Sub Theme" from Lost Planet 2 or "Despair-Filled Farewell" from SotC.
I watch Markiplier almost dailyI watch Game Grumps dailyI own a Game Grumps shirt
2How much do you make?
I'm doing all the modeling and art for a pet video game project with somebody else.I have strong opinions on Fallout loreI have strong opinions on Star Wars lore and canon. The new non-"Legends" canon is bullshit.I love fucking around with ini files and playing with mods.I look like a bro. I lift erryday. I avoid vidya game nerds on campus because they are always complete autists without social skills or a filter dandruff everywhere, and they seemingly hate shoes that aren't flip-flops. Seen a couple go barefoot. Gross.I don't want to get sucked into video game stuff IRL with some raging fanboy. I'd rather hang out with socially acclimated people, even if it means gritting my teeth and pretending COD on split screen is fun with them.
who else /fit/ + /v/
4that's not really that autistic though. That's like saying "I unironically listen to dubstep"
I play a portable console on public transport.
I have tons of normie friends. Noone knows i roleplay as a sexhaver girl in hellMOO
2Oh no. Did i roleplay with you the other day?
my entire life is videogamesthe earliest memory i have is playing a pac-man port on my dad's computermy brother and i spent 90% of our childhood pretend time acting out video games of our own makingI've played at least one new game to completion on-average every week since 2005, with rare exceptions for huge games like xenobladei can name the developer, publisher, and release year of any game i've played offhandi took a shitload of creative writing courses for no reason other than to write for/about video gamesi took a shitload of programming courses for no reason other than to make video gamesi've been making video games in some form or another since i was 9. i discovered that ms word had a visual-basic-lite preinstalled with it and strung together a CYOA out of message boxes. if only i'd been born later i could have cashed in on the twine hipsters and been rich.i literally can't do any sort of work for sustained periods of time unless it has to do with video games. if it does have to do with video games, i can keep going for weeks and weeks doing the most menial shit possible. if it doesn't, it self-destructs in a week. i've spent 5 years in college with nothing to show for it and been fired from 2 part-time mcjobs because i failed at/withdrew from anything that didn't have an immediate benefit to my ability to make video gamesif i don't earn a living wage by the end of the year my parents will kick me out.i would literally kill myself on the spot if it was made certain that i could not live a life where i did nothing but make videogamesthis will probably happen within 6 months.
4I have no real interest in my programming skills outside of video games and pranks.I mostly play indie games and hardly touch triple A games unless they go cheap/freeI prefer video game music and remixes of said music over most regular artistsI've watched Indie Game the Movie over 5 times and watch the intro for inspiration to keep working on my own gamesI symphasize with Phil Fish
4I listen to lolige musics with max sound at home.
4Which anime image board?
4i regularly listen to video game musicIt's music nonetheless, stupid faggot. and game grump remixesNow that's retardedeven in public...
I played basketball for all four of years of High SchoolI haven't played a video game that wasn't NBA 2k in yearsI've been dating the same girl for almost three yearsI have a part time jobI'm going to my prom on Saturdaycan't dance though
my fetish is videogames and i whack off to videogames
5How can you be black and not be able to dance
I once took a gameboy from a friend who was gonna move the next day Im not even a niggerSorry Paul, but my family was too poor to afford a GB for myself
5No rhythm, girlfriend's been dancing since she was three but I can't even do the electric/cha cha slide.
I sold my grandad's medals from WWII to a pawn shop to buy a Wii back in 07
4I listen to vidya music, watch anime and play video games at work
this week I masturbated 5 times in 28 hours to 2d pornI'm going to start playing YuGiOhhave a reaction folderspend literally all day on my computeronly get out of my house to visit my bfread mangagetting a wii u and ps4 soonused to play psp alone during recess on the third floor of my school which was emptyhave vidya posters all over my room
0tfw white and not very attractive or charming tfw can outdance literally anyonetfw it's the only time grills notice metfw it causes them to hit on me for five minutes before realizing what a sperg I amMore power to you my chocolate comrade.
8I'm poor, so it's OKYou might as well be a nig if you had the welfare mentality at that age.
6Yugioh is pretty fun
5I was a kid anon, I was stupid, now If I ever saw Paul again I would apologize and invite him for an expensive dinner. I already look on facebook and he's no where to be found, Im afraid he died of sadness after I took his GB
I spend more time playing bad games so I can properly articulate all the reasons they're bad to people that praise them--who only either ignore me, or like a game less--neither make me feel betterI waste time going for Trophies/AchievementsInstead of plowing through on game at a time, I slowly play 10, and then never finish themGo to local game/card shop and mention one tidbit of vidya info and everyone gives me blank looks I mentioned PT and no one knew what I was talking aboutI think I genuinely hate my hobby. I'd like to think my power level is like Broly's, but in actuality I probably average around Vegeta level.
6No anon, it was you who died when you took his Gameboy. Nothing can bring you back. Nothing.
6A lesson is learned but the damage is irreversible
26
2Back in highschool I sat at the table where everyone played card games. Sucks that I was the only Magic player while everyone else played Yugioh. Hurt even more when people asked if I was playing Pokemon cause they never heard of it...
I can out play everyone I know from online without even trying.Moved to a new island for work Internet is shit Still better then most other players, though. Constantly disconnecting causing me to rage, as I usually will lose because of a shitty timed disconnection.Life really suck. but at least i'm not poor I guess
I'm unable to get a job and I still live with my dad. I play PC games on a shitty laptop because I can't afford to build a computer yet.I have no friends in real life and have bad social anxiety.I'm going to start taking titty skittles to become a qt girl.
5Bro don't. That shit will make you uglier then a shit on stick boot.
5thinking becoming a tranny will make your life easierEverytime.
Beat game/finish animeDownload the OSTThis comprises the vast majority of my music library
5can afford pills but cant save enough money to build a computer
i play intentionally bad unbalanced games because i am good at them and yell at my team when they are bad and complain about the game's shitty balance and the lazy developers
9I used to be fit.But it turns out lifting does not cure autism.Failed so hard,so many times,just want worth spending the money for a gym.
8wasn't worth*
9tfw /fit/ + /v/ + /fa/only people who know weeb and vidya power level are familyLife is good
I played over 5000 hours of video games over the past 3 years. If you remove 8 hours to every day for sleep, that's 1 full year. In 3 years I spent a full year only playing video games.
/k/ + /v/ + /fit/Nobody knows of my cheeki breeki power level.
5a qt girl.Have fun looking like some weird monster forever stuck in a limbo between man and woman
/k/ + /co/ + /v/ + /mu/Im a pretty nice guy They can never know 
/a/ + /b/ + /d/ + /hc/ + /int/ + /pol/ + /r9k/ + /v/ + /tv/ + /gif/
2/mu/egosounds about right
2Not being the truly master race of /pol/ + /v/ + /fit/
5become a qt girlYou will never truly be a girl, just a really fucking wierd looking guys.Don't go tranny for the love of god.
4how old are you? Im guessing somewhere between 15 and 20.
I actually enjoy videgames from different systems and don't relate to console purist
had no friends since after high schoolhaven't left house in weeksnever held a job for more than three months, due to circumstancesfirst job was seasonal shithad to go back to school when I got an awesome warehouse job that paid wellgot canned from a retail job before three months so couldn't argue or negotiate severance payhad delivery job that wasn't worth because gasThis resulted in thoughts where I feel worthless, and that i'm just making trouble for people. Every time I think of applying for anything, I think they may just be better off without me, I'll end up leaving them for one reason or another anyway. I'm scared of rejection as well. So I just end up playing vidya all day.
4Sounds like me. Self-sabotaging all day ery day. Ive silently dropped out of so many projects because of this, nothing was going wrong, but it was going wrong in my head. Its been around 15 years now with this condition, im finally thinking of visiting a psychiatrist, or else its a guaranteed path to certain doom.
228
I play video games
5Gay
5what are you, a child?
/v/ + /tv/ + /gif/ + /x/Autismis Maximus
7psychiatrist
4Its not important, just like me. Ok
4I save lots of lewd images from /v/ but never have the intention to fap to them.
I genuinely believe weaboos are subhumanI also genuinely believe all of you retards should get rounded up and burned to death. You might think I'm being edgy but I seriously fucking think this.I fucking hate videogame players and my quota and my patience for playing videogames is extremely fucking low. Literally any other medium is better.I don't have main boards because I'm not a picky retardI actually agree with SJW retards in some points but I don't like them and I don't like you either.I despise soundtracks. No, I don't care that you subhumans think I'm missing out on whatever dogshit you listen to, no, I don't want to hear your retarded weeb bullshit.I hate memes.
I own a MGS3 shirt, and I wear it in publicI'm a huge furfag
7Not important?Is that you?
9Epic, more original than calling me a fedora / calling me an autist, at least.
7Jesus man, I don't usually use fedora or edgy as an insult but you are both of those things in human form.
, 
He hasn't bought the confirmed GOTY!
I don't have the money. It's not going anywhere though so I'll get it in a month or two for $5.
i aing gonna buy a PiiU for a single kid's game, no matter how fun it is
7This.
0Why are there so many splatoon shills
6it'll go down in pricethere will still be people playing
0gotya kids game that gets boring after 4 hoursthe witcher 3 and bloodborne came out this year with more titles to comeyeah, nah
0The illusion of pop culture opens a space for the fantasy of print culture.
0But IGN told me is shit with the 7.9 score
0Don't care about the game. I'll just buy some figurines of squidgirls to fap to later.
5TOO MUCH WATER
07.9goty
6The emergence of post-capitalist hegemony may be parsed as the politics of the nation-state.
1Someone's been to /pol/ recently
6nintendo exclusivesever dropping in pricelelNSMB is more expensive now than it was when it came out in 2006
5Are you kidding me? The culture of the gaze recapitulates the ideology of the image.
I haven't bought Yakuza 5 yet because there's no formal release date yet.
0I don't know, i've been fapping to the porn but i'm not sure if i should buy a wii u. I've been watching it for MK8 and Smash.
0I have loads of squid loli porn because of this game so i got what i wanted without even buying the game
0The legs in this image are fucked up
5Wonderful 101 dropped like a rock, you can find it for $20 anywhere.
2Squids don't have legs to begin with, so have fun proving these squid-human legs are "wrong".
0When its a full game in august maybe.But Xenoblade X exists and that's way more interesting to me.Daily reminder that you won't be able to play 75% of splatoon's game once the servers go down in 2-3 years :^
2source
4Platinum games generally sell like shit despite being good games.
So what went wrong with the Wii U? Was it really just the marketing or was it something more?
8the marketing was it
Nothing. The Wii U's doing pretty good.It's certainly got a superior library to the PS4 and XBone.
5definitely but at least the xbone is getting exclusives soon
5Not according to the market :^
2by that logic the wii was better then the ps3 and 360
8Relies solely on first party support.First party games nowadays are all trash.
5That's true but that doesn't mean it's doing well you fuckhead. I love my Wii U but if you can't admit it's floundering you're a fucking nintendrone.
1So much anger.
If you don't own a secondary device whether that's another console or a PC, you are currently incapable of playing most AAA/Third-party games at the moment with a Wii U. If you have another device for those, then the Wii U has its merits.
5Wii U has good exclusives but a console needs to have more than that
A couple of things. First is the heavy reliance on first party support, but that is partially a symptom of other things. First party support is so necessary because 3rd party support isn't happening, and that's the case because Nintendo has alienated 3rd parties, both in terms of cooperation and simply being able to have their games there. It's no secret that the Wii U is the weakest system out there, which makes porting to the Wii U incredibly prohibitive. It requires an actual downgrade just to run games, which is more time and money spent on development when they will get a rather small return on investment for the extra consumers they can reach, and more often than not developers simply won't bother. This is compounded by the small install base, which makes the prospect of porting games to the Wii U even less beneficial. This creates a feedback loop: fewer players to buy games scares off 3rd party developers, fewer 3rd party develops means fewer games, and fewer games means less of an incentive for new consumers to buy a Wii U. As it is, the Wii U only appeals to the most hardcore of Nintendo fans, because those are the only games available, but for somebody who wants the latest top-of-the-line AAA game, they have better options. If you want more Mario, Zelda, and Pokemon, then the Wii U is a great system, but if you want something new then you HAVE to go somewhere else. Splatoon was a good attempt to bring something new to the Wii U, but it has its own flaws preventing it from filling that hole of a system-selling killer app.
8OK OP, did you play Bayo 2? W101? Smash 4? Pikmin 3? Mario 3d world? Dong freeze? Super Mario U? Kirby Rainbow Curse? Hyrule Warriors? If you played all those and still want more, you are being greedy. If you haven't played all of those games, you're a retard, there are plenty of great games for Wii U. BUT I DON'T LIKE ANY OF THOSE GAMES. FIRST PARTY REHASH SHOVELWARE!Then why did you buy the wii u in the first place?
3Yeah, I get mad at people acting like nothing wrong, you're part of the problem.
0droning this fucking hard
8N O G A M E SOGAMES
0Bayo 2? W101? Smash 4? Pikmin 3? Mario 3d world? Dong freeze? Super Mario U? Kirby Rainbow Curse? Hyrule Warriors?Good games but when they are spaced out over 3 fucking years its not a lot of games worth the priceNot to mention I didn't play the shitty super Mario U rehash and kiddy kirby game or hyrule warriors
8You bought a console with only Nintendo games on it. You went wrong.
4that doesn't look like a ps4
0If you played all those and still want more, you are being greedySo it's dead now then? You're entitled to expect more games?Droniest thing I've read all day
0Whatever, call it droning I don't care. I can't believe how good the wii u's library is compared to other consoles and I constantly see "HURR NO GAEMS!" I still have plenty of great games I need to beat, and I'm legitimately pissed that the horrible sales means we probably will see nothing but shovelware and mobile shit from nintendo in the future, while other consoles with nothing but generic shooters take over the market.I'm so fucking pissed
3You bought a consoleThe error is there.
4Barbie and Her Sisters: Puppy RescueDAY FUCKING ONE
4B-but what about those Nintendo exclusives?
3No, go ahead and expect more games, but pretending like it has zero games when it has a fantastic library is retarded, like I said.Not to mention Splatoon just fucking came out. Let's not pretend this is a "wii u has no games" thread and say what it really is "I don't like the wii u's games"
Poor adoption due to shitty gimmicky controller and bad branding.Instead of doing what nintendo has always done: iterating on old games they just rehashed wii's games 1:1 en-mass.Due to both of these problems initial sales were shit and as a result nintendo put very little money and effort towards making new games.To add insult to injury nintendo started making all the same mistakes sony and microsoft did last generation like dlc and desaturated brown and bloom shit.
0if you want more games then you are entitled
09 mediocre rehashesWOW OP WHY AREN'T YOU SATISFIEDMy soul weeps.
Can we at least all agree that this console generation is the worst one?
8well lack of 3rd party support and lack of first party games only so long people can the same game over and over, people are even more ravenous for new games now
5Unlike Sony and Microsoft, Nintendo dosen´t charge 30$ for one map. Instead, they charge 12$ for another half of the game.
8i can take it off your hands anon, i'd play with it
33Check your gaming privilege shitlords. Nintendo is under no obligation to make more games when they pumped out 3 exclusives per year. Time to move on to the NX
8console still has the plastic covering on itsummer /v/ replying
3That's just because the game has very little content to begin with.
9Oh absolutely.
3You're right they charge $60 for five maps2 of which you can only player per 4 hours
8hr thinks Nintendo games are bad
84 retail releases in 2015WOW, how did it flop so hard!?
3They also charge $60 for a game with fewer features and content than a F2P game.
Nothing is wrong with the Wii U. Just because you didn't buy it doesn't mean it's dying or dead or whatever. It's got the most exclusives and it's fun as hell especially all the choices for couch co-op fun. I typically play my PC more than my Wii U but I definitely play every release on it so far and have enjoyed all of them immensely. Also I love using it for netflix.You guys can have your shitty discussions all day long but it won't change that it's the best system so far of this generation. especially with a PC + 3DS
4he doesn't keep the plastic on his shit for resale valueI sold a gaming laptop for 2/3rds of what I bought it 2 years later because it looked brand new, stop being a pleb.
8MUH READING COMPREHENSION!Like I said, if you think all first party nintendo games are rehash shit, and still bought a wii u, you are such a fucking retard you should be institutionalized.
0That's fine and I agree, it's a crime how bad it's doing, but to call people greedy because they haven't played 6-7 games the system has after almost 3 years is being a drone. Don't do that shit.
1Just because you didn't buy it doesn't mean it's dying or dead or whatever.You're right.The fact nobody bought it means it's dead.
2bought a gaming laptopnot summer
5that they will update every week and bring new things.I dont understand why in NA is is 60. In Europe its 40£
0Post was good other than "being greedy" what a weird fucking thing to say. I agree for the rest though it has some decent games for plenty of time and its strong suit is "being played with others"Also anything else that's out can be played on PC Or will be soonPC/Wii U is best
The marketing was good, I mean there's so many fucking paid shills on /v/ it's actually impressive.
Monster Hunter!
I am still a total scrub, but hot damn I love this game. Pretty much the only thing I play these days. Just a few hours in due to loads of work. I am rocking a lance and the tetsucabra armor. Did I do good?
8tetsucabra armorNot really any synergy with the Lance. Look for something with guard or evasion.
8As long as you can complete the quests, you're doing fine, anon.Don't let anyone tell you the right way to play the game, but do try to learn as much as you can so you won't be a frenchie
stopped palying 4U a while ago after entering G Rankdecide to paly again after MHX announcementremember I quit because of fucking Large Wyvern Stonesnext quest I do I get two of themI hate this game sometimes.
2How the fuck are large wyvern gems a problem?
Daily reminder that Jinouga is the strongest flagship monster by far.
3Because they never dropped for me.
3Daily reminder that this series is dead to me till I see a monhun on PS4.6That's not Rathalos faggot.
6What is BrachydiosBut interestingly enough, many of the flagships are weak to thunder, excluding Lagiacrus obviously. None of the other weaknesses are nearly as common.
7
500 hours clocked injust hit HR200caravan isn't even finished90% of scrolls not donestill need to 100% LR and HR questsWhen will I get off this train ? I just want to play some online smash again.
2Hahaha enjoy your baby console faggots. I can't wait till it crashes and burns.
2500 hours clocked injust hit HR200How?I don't even have 400 hours played, and quite some of my playtime is just idle and I'm HR200+.
3HahahaI can taste the desperation from here.
6I don't fucking know myself
16Thanks for the advice. I am still mostly using the block instead of the evading moves, because I feel like it takes ages to position myself for a new attack after backing down. Any tips?
6
3Use the back dash as a means to get in
3Blocking or evading, both are valid playstyles.And in case if you haven't figured this out yet - you can also dodge to either side, not only hop backwards. So you wouldn't have to reposition yourself that much after evading.
8 another anon had mentioned that certain missions offer higher hr points
2Damn anon what did you spend all that time doing? I'm at 400 hours - a good chunk of that spent standing around - and I've done practically every quest in the game, made a bunch of armour sets for a bunch of weapons, got a perfect relic, and have way more G rank rare mats than I know what to do with.
8As a LS user lemme personally tell you.MUH DICK
8Tachi means Longsword.
8So is X just MHO but for the 3DS?I have a feeling it won't be online.
Top set looks kinda shitty, but has the most defence. Bottom set has 9 less max defence, but looks surprisingly good. Fashion above practicality?Also is it rare to get a set with these three skills or did I just fuck up? Seems like enough to make a good set despite only 3 skills.
6it will be online and I don't see the comparison with MHO, or even Frontier.
5No survivability anon, just damage
8YOUR TIME...IS OVER
59 defenseIt's fucking nothing.
2The moves are very flashy and some of the new monster designs are questionable.
2I don't see the comparison with MHO, or even Frontier.The similarities are quite obvious. But tolerable without the other Frontier qualities.
8Probably full autism like me and you try to make every armor set.Usually give up if I can't get super rare materials within 10-15 hunts based on the monster, but it's still time consuming.
who mhfu here
6MHX looks to be taking the flashy elements of it's PC spinoffs and re-adding them back into the game while minimizing the bullshit associated with them.I still think Tonfas would be right at home in MHX since everything else is getting high-flying flashy stuff.
0But tolerable without the other Frontier qualities.You mean "but ill ignore them because its not Frontier"
70Frontier doesn't have really flashy moves outside Tonfa or the super Lance guard, not more than the main series. It's the monsters that have stupidly over the top attacks. And again I don't see the comparison with the monster designs either, the Leviathan and the Brute Wyvern do remind me of some Frontier monsters but that's just because they share the same skeletons.
7Wizard class when?
7bring the bullshit shit monster designs, cuhrazy moves both on weapons and huntersminimizing the bullshit????
6Meant to type "both monstesr and hunters".2Check the trailer, what I think is the IG has some magical AOE blast thing.
1No, I mean without being an MMO and its F2P and powercreep components.Flashy attacks and overdesigned monsters are still silly to say the least, but they're probably not gonna stay in the mainline anyway. So why not try to enjoy them for a bit?
6So I keep hearing people shitting on the "crazy" moves. Did people bitch about the Greatsword charge, Hammer spin, The Dual blade moveset or the very existence of the Gunlance, Switch Axe, Charge Blade and Insect Glaive?
8What the FUCK? They are seriously releasing another game on fucking 240pDS!!!!!
2finally get a rathalos ruby after countless attempts to finish rather soulget two more back to back immediately after
I miss this beautiful bastard.
3Well, the super wyvernfire comes to mind. But you're right, it's mostly the monsters who get crazy fireworks attacks.But that's irrelevant. The problem is with effects cluttering the screen, regardless of the source. And it also shares the same problem with powercreep, since every new eldest dragon possessed by the evil energies of darkness can't look less flashy than the previous one.
0It's not magic, just some fireflies. It's a bug-controlling stick after all.
1being an MMO and its F2Pis Frontier even actually a MMO outside of just the guild hall apparently supporting tons of people? Regardless, powercreep is more than likely, just look at those moves. Even if you only use them twice per hunt at most there's no way they would add all this shit and not make it strong, just remember the CB finisher.but they're probably not gonna stay in the mainline anywayStop being deluded, MHX is the foundation for the new decade of the main series, not a spinoff.
9People are still bitching about the CB and IG.
9They are nowhere comparable to what's showcased in X, you retard.With the exception of the SA and CB finishers.
8So its like a greatsword attackBut deals no damage because it isnt a great swordThanks Capcom
3I hear you bro. I am done with Crapcom and Nintendo. I think I will be going full master race from now on.
2It's already been confirmed that there is no onlineSource: My ass
4All of them just show fancy effects but really, the SA and CB seem to just burst Vials through the Blade.
8Why do they keep making games on a system that is literally weaker than the PSP?
2MHX is the foundation for the new decade of the main series, not a spinoff.I liked Megaman X over classic Megaman games, so if that's a precedent, then I'm all for it.4Did anyone bitch about anime bullshit when Greatswords were given the charge attack in 2?What about Longsword's spirit blade?Demon mode for Dual swords in 1G?Wyvern Fire for Gunlance?Where do people draw the line? The moves Hunters can pull off come nowhere near the level of CUHRAZY that you see in any of that genre's games.
1since every new eldest dragon possessed by the evil energies of darkness can't look less flashy than the previous one.You don't know how true this is.Fought this fucker for the first time earlier and for most of the hunt I couldn't even make out what he was fucking doing.
4Why do they want to make money?
1in MHX there's no more effects than the Charge blade blasts, GL full bursts and Magala explosions in 4U. 4U also has way more flashy hit marks, crit marks, impact marks etc. And the monsters aren't as overdesigned or edgy as Frontier's. As long as they don't have mary sue end of the world apocalypse powers and they're just "that monsters but with crystals", I'll be ok.
2Not that guy but the best selling monster hunter of all time was on psp.4How much are you getting paid?
7How much are you getting paid?enough to buy more than one console and not be a rabid fanboy that bitches when his console doesn't get games
2I don't think you understand what powercreep is.It's not about the new finishers being strong. Also if you think spamming AED is a viable way to play the weapon except maybe vs the few selected monsters you're terribly wrong.Anyway, by powercreep in Frontier I mean mostly the armor skills. Due to MMO's long lifespan you have to make gear upgrades for players more and more powerful, otherwise there wouldn't be really any reason to upgrade in the first place.Mainline games avoid that to an extent by limiting the player at G rank. After that, a new game comes out, and the players' progress is wiped naturally.MHX is obviously not a foundation of anything. If anything it's the closure to the past decade.Actually, your theory is as legit as any. We can only speculate at this point what MH5 would be like.
83ds exclusive Why the fuck did i buy a WiiU again?
0so you will be able to play it in HD when they announce the free cross play feature between 3DS and Wii UI wasn't supposed to say this, but fuck it, E3 is close and nobody will believe me
2It's not nice to lie on the Internet.
4That's why I said it's tolerable.
0YOU'RE
8you choose what to believe, anon. I guess it's better to not believe, if it's true you will be pleased, if it's not true you won't be disappointed.
2Ironic, that looks straight out of God Eater
26
X trailer looks great only way the game can be anymore GOAT is if underwater is back and Shogun Ceanataur is back fuck Damiyo.
0
5Get the one that looks cool. Basically, if you take a hit, an extra 9 defense is not going to save you a Mega Potion or anything.
Get to fight HR GoreWow his armor looks sweetIt still blueballs people with no enough points for Sharpness+1I kinda expected more from the game's cover monster armor
0HR Gorelooks sweetFucking awful. Especially after LR Gore.
6I'm 337 hours in, still HR5 and just unlocked Caravan 9 to do.There's no need to rush in this game.
7Are you Buddha?
7still HR5That says nothing about your actual rank. The number will jump after the Ukanlos urgent. Or does that happen after Dala?.. I forgot.Anyway, taking your time with the game is one thing, but moving through it at a snail's pace is another.It's not like I rushed the game. I cleared all quests, Caravan and GH and farmed a few sets and weapons and got HR200. I guess maybe you can say I "rushed" Low Rank and part of High Rank though, since I only crafted 2-3 in each of those.
2Frontier is basically the Deviantart for reject mainline games designers.Name: Valsablos NOT Diablos, he's my OC monsterPowers: he spits fire and runs really fast and has really powerful horns he has perfect control over fire earth and lava, he can make giant explosions bigger than the area that can kill you in one hit so if you don't panic dive and you literally have to panic diveStory: he's the orphan son of a hardcore black diablos and a demon crimson fatalis, he ranked top tier in the MH military academy where he learned to control his half-monster half-demonic powers, he learned from his master akantor to use fire then killed him and he swore to avenge the death of his parentsLikes: red and black colors, fire, blood, death, Felyinkin Park, aoe attacks that can't be avoided, meHates: joy, happiness, hunters, panic diving, mainline games, Takeo fuck you Takeo you piece of shit, stop showing my designs at capcom during meetings to laugh at them, you are not better than me because you work on mainline games faggot!!!
3Ebin! but no seriously I don't get it?
Ryozo TsujimotoIs the producer for MHP, MHP2, MHP2g, MH3 tri, MHP 3rd, MH3G, MH4GYasunori IchinoseDirector of MHP, MHP2, MHP2g, MHP3rd, MH CrossGame Designer for MHP2g, along with Shinji ImaiWill Ichinose destroy the series forever or reinvent it with Cross? because this new direction doesn't seem to be in synergy with what Tsujimoto has been doing so far.
8Shitty monster that does nothing but sweep the whole area with its claws from one corner to another. It's not like Daimyo a much better fight compared to some other monsters, but still leagues better than Ceanataur.
5because this new direction doesn't seem to be in synergy with what Tsujimoto has been doing so far.How exactly did you jump to this conclusion?
1taking your time with the game is one thing, but moving through it at a snail's pace is another.I don't remember asking your approval to play the game however I want.
7Ironic shitposting is still shitposting. 4You probably suck anyway ls shitter.
6Tsujimoto at lead3U and 4U remains faithful to it's methodical and slow approach to hunts, only adding extra mechanics underwater and vertical aspects to spice the gameIchinose gets a chance at the leadHEY GUYS LET'S ADD THIS CRAZY DEVIL MAY CRY ANIME STUFF TO THE GAME LOL
2His theme is pretty cool, though
7Are you making literally everything? I'm HR5, polishing off my Caravan 6 and 10* quests, at about 175 hours, and I feel like I've been making more weapons/armor sets than I realistically need.
0You probably suck anyway ls shitter.We can play together later if you want
I have a feeling that there are going to be daily monster hunter threads now
7I have a feeling that you would enjoy my dick in your butt.
7I play with many weapons 5, thus I spent a good time farming materials for their HR upgrades. Not to mention HR expeditions, online playan and making new armors as well.
The hammer is fucking absurd, I don't even have the final upgrade or S+1 yet I'm able to drop a G-rank hermitaur in under 6 minutes.
tfw hopping from room to room to get the right guild quest for the right armour and the right pieceI just want my slutty Kirin U set and Rebellion set
7Wastimg time making hr shit when its going to be outclassed in looks and skills by grank equipment. 0Its common knowledge that hammers rape crabs.
7NowThere already areinb4 move to /vg/Sure, after you remove having 5 hatred/splatoon/witcher 3 shitposting thread at once and all let's player, e-celeb and twitter drama threads.
6Damn, those sets look good
tfw rainbow pigment with sailor socksdelicious striped rainbow pantsu
9Wastimg time making hr shit when its going to be outclassed in looks and skills by grank equipment.4
People are complaining about X when 4 introduced literal gundam armors and beam rifles.
9it's not wasted time if he's enjoying ityou should try enjoying things sometimes
6I do enjoy things such as dicking your mom regularly.
8It's relic Rebellion, this one is relic Wroggi.
Which monsters are you supposed to hunt for the best relic weapons and armor?
tell me what's wrong with cool looking anime as fuck special moves and effects?all i can tell is that anyone who doesn't like them is a boring nerd
6those look really cool where did you get that picture? id like to see all of the relic armors available.
8give every other weapon a ridiculous super that spews explosions and/or multiple gigantic slashes and disrupt everything in the areagive the most triptastic weapon the least intrusive super that is just a single powerful slashOh the irony
I just hope MHX will have more than 2 viable weapons.4U got boring quick for that reason.
0Typically the Elder dragons ones, Rajang and Yian Garuga. best to do them at 126+.Armour and weapons are dependent on which monster and series the quest is, original, freedom and tri.
6Monster Hunter prides itself on being realistic, not shitty weaboo knockoff shit.
4Yian garuga? Isn't that a rather low tier monster, hasn't been an elder dragon for 10 years
2 found them on leddit the sets and decided to give GQ's a go, got some really good weapons out of it, so I'm sinking in a few more hundred hours into it.
6Hey buddy, I think you got the wrong door, the Toukiden, Freedom Wars and God Eater club is two blocks down.
4Garuga is bullshit but it doesn't rank very high. The proper EDs including Shaggy, Rajang and Jho have some of the best. Apex Diablos and Apex Steve also have pretty good drop rates.For maximum I'd go Rajang, but there's plenty of other options.
6Yian Garuga is annoying to kill, especially a 140 one with frenzy. I got some Akantor and Kirin U pieces out of him though
5114 GL usesHow? how does one even play that much with such a shitty weapon like that? you can't dodge properly, you can't counter, the damage output is low, there isn't a single good thing about that weapon.
Bought game 2 weeks agoAlready 75 hours playedHaven't played any other vidyah-help me
6anyone who doesn't like them probably never played LS spirit combo and spirit slash, DB Demon dance, Demon mode and Archdemon mode, Gun Lance full burst, Wyvern Fire, Switch Axe it's a morphing Axe that transforms in a Sword that can explode phials, Insect Glaive super anime leap with companion bug attacks, Charge blade it's a morphing Sword that transforms in an Axe that can explode phials. AED, Super AED, ULTRA AED. Even GS charges are pretty anime.
4Once you learn to combo into block, you're practically immortal.
Monster Hunter Threads are allowed on /v/ outside /vg/YuGiOh threads are instantly deleted when they are outside /vg/Fucking great you fucking stupid mods.
00If you just care about stats, all dropped relics in the same tier Venerable, CHampion, Beshackled etc. are generated equally regardless of the monster you killed, but powerful monsters give more more stuff, aka better chances to get a top tier relic.The ones that give the most Beshackled are Rajang, Deviljho, Teostra, Shagaru.Other stuff like Kushala, Gore, Diablos, Garuga, Chameleos, etc. gives a fair amount too.
5weapon usage all over the placeSo you aren't actually good at any single weapon
3Haven't fought Steve, Jho and Diablos in GQ, too much of a pussy for Diablos and I'm sick of Jho and Steve so I wouldn't know their drops but I'd imagine they'd drop some tip top stuff
8That Artian relicHoly shit, I can finally be Daftpunk with that
Need Gore Magala MantleOnly way to get them is Guild Quests.Join RoomLooks like a normal Gore Magala in quest pic.Actually Chaotic GoreSon of a bitch.
1Monster Hunter is a video game Yu Gi Oh is a manga, anime and a card game. The video games aren't really a stable franchise and they're not popular enough, plus nobody actually discusses them, especially the recent ones. MH are not allowed on /v/, they also get deleted sometimes, it's just that there's more that 10 people interested on them so when one gets deleted we just make another one. Plus, /mhg/ is really shitty.Now stop being that kid and let others have fun okay?
8hey thanks alot for the link man. wow i had no idea gigginox armor was available in this game, it's my favorite armor set in 3u. I gotta farm for that asap!
2I've been playing it for 4 months straight and ride is still going strong
4there are people that are mad about MHX when cb, ig and frenzy/apex bullshit existsbut somehow MHX is going in the wrong directionIt seems like everytime a new MH comes out people bitch about something.
8Bullshit, IG and Cb are strong just because they are easymodo, all the other weapons are perfectly viable and fun. Even the "worst" ones allow you to solo monsters very quickly and efficiently if you are good enough.
8Monster Hunter prides itself on being realisticall those anime armor sets and weapons would be so practical in real life uh1so they don't even know the game uh, can't say im surprised
4What do you need it for? I have one but don't know when to use it.
Never played monster hunter? Is it fun?
9idk lol
8I DONT WANT TO SPEND £200 ON A GAME THAT ISN'T FUN
9
4Gore GQs go chaos when it hits a certain level 126 or 140
3Try the demo and watch weapon tutorials first, then buy it
9depends, try the demoif you like it, then give the game a try. 3you shouldn't buy a console for a game you're not even sure you'll like though, I personally spent over 450 hours in it, and enjoyed pretty much every second of it, but it's not a game for everyone.
9You either love it and sink in it hundreds of hours or hate it and shitpost about DMC gameplay, lock on and showing monster HP would improve the game.
4it's mostly needed to upgrade Magala weapons to G rank
9I started my MH career with FU back in 2008, when played it for the first time I absolutely hated it for many reasons, but gave it another try some months later and ended falling in love with it. I've become an addict to this series ever since.Even if you don't like the demo at first, give it another chance later.
7I thought most of those were awful?
i started playing online only last weekwhy do so many people use the shitty dahren mohran weapons
728Thing is lads, I don't even own a 3DS. I'm really tired of PC, I just wan't to have some fun.
who wants to smack a high rank teostra for a bit? i got a few mins13 2844 3324 46352580
4What 7 said.I'm looking to upgrade the Dual Blades right now.
2I wish this were true
female blademaster damascus armorFUCK GOLDEN LUNE Z, THIS THIS THE STYLIEST ARMOR OF THE GAME
2not really, I personally only made the IG, the DB and the Lance and they're really good, the high affinity makes up for the lower raw with the faster weapons and the dragon element is also good if you can get in element crit, it's even better5then look at the rest of the 3DS library and choose if it's worth it for you. I really like MH but I wouldn't buy a console just for it, and sometimes it will burn you out so you'll have to play some other game when you get tired of it and then pick it back again and again until the next game comes out
5Then buy a 2DS and start playing it, it's the cheapest way to get into the series now.
4I'm making the magala DBs too, I need a S. Magala mantle for the last upgrade and it ain't dropping soon, want to farm together?
1Spoonfeed me, do you have a picture of the armor sets?
1Read the thread you cretin
7Then buy a 2DS and start playing it, it's the cheapest way to get into the series now.As someone who actually did this, I strongly advise against it. Get the New 3DS straight away. It will save you money in the long run.
1
57Fuck no, the 2DS is awful, if you want to cheap get a used 3DS or 3DS XL, but for slightly better graphics and to play some games a N3DS or N3DS XL is the best choice.
3
1Goddamn that male blademaster version 2 looks fabulous.Was wondering where Damascus was since it was in the demo
8Dat Gigginox ArmorI need it.
0relic
do you guys play online with strangers or just singleplayer or with local friends?I've only gone online onceMH3U join a room with 4 peopleflooded forest plesioth jumps out of waterall 4 of us beat the living shit out of ittfw when stunlocked plesiothget more loot in 10 mins than the last 3 hours of singleplayerfelt like cheating
5multiplayer is the way the game is supposed to be played, and it's a lot funnier than soloing every quest.
5strangers, I have no friends who have MH. thank fuck I've met competent people since I hit G, low and high was terrible, barbarians everywhere with no concept of etiquette demanding their quests be done.
5Solo.
3is multiplayer always so easy?
5I play with /v/.
3Not when you're playing with random shitters online who barely do anything during the fight or triple cart.
3Well it's hard only when you have shitters in your team
3Absolutely false you fucking faggot, the real fun part of the game is soloing content. Most randoms in online MH4U are absolutely terrible and don't know shit about skills, mechanics or even how to use their own weapon because they have your cancerous mentality and were carried all the way to G-rank, ending up being useless pieces of shit that only use the strongest weapon they find can on Internet guides and shitty preset armors like Regios X.More than 3 people destroy the point of the game, 2 people is the optimal amount for co-op, but if you don't kill almost every monster on your own at least once farming for materials is another thing you have never experienced the game in pristine form or managed to appreciate the subtleness of every fight, move and cranny mechanic.
5Tried to get my friends to play the game, even bought the game for both of them and lend my second 3DS with the circle pad pro to the other one.4months later, they are still hunting jaggiesWhy do I even bother when they would rather play PSO2 and FUCKING DRAGON AGE than hunt.Meanwhile I'm 500 hours in, HR200 and all that's left if Master's Test grinding and 140QG, which I could not give a flying fuck about.When I do get them to play I have to haul them and order them around like I'm dragging a dog in chains. For fucks sake all I want them to do is to enjoy the game, have a clear idea what they want to do and farm. I don't wanna drag them around forcing things they don't like to do.I just wish they could enjoy it as much as I do.
0Get a load of this tryhard.
1not doing the master's test the moment it's unlocked
9I bet you main IG.
0I bet you're projecting.
9It's true, people who only play MH online are spoiled rotten as fuck and don't bother with optimization or getting gud because they only played a bit of LR caravan and thought it was pointless because this game is multiplayer there's nothing more wrong in the world, this series blends sp and mp perfectly, are so fucking stupid they think gathering hall quests are THE online content that must played with other people and as a result they are carried hard until they arrive at end G-rank and become a massive burden to everyone else, because of their lack of skill, wystones and knowledge of how to fight monsters.
4people who only play MH online are spoiled rotten as fuckThe ones who get carried. Fair enough.the real fun part of the game is soloing contentBut that's just false. MH is a co-op hunting game first and foremost.
1Me and a buddy tried getting our friend into monster hunter.we got him the the gamewe got him decent armor.we got him a bunch of money so he would struggle a bit less.never even touched it.some people just aren't meant for this black hole
94 people wailing on a monster and destroying it before it gets to even get up or change area is not fun.Only doing urgents on your own like a traditional boss batlle makes you realize how monsters move, how to exploit weaknesses, etc. aka how to get better at the game.I played completely solo and waited until I killed Gog before going online, playing with randoms is pure masochism and even when I play with /v/ sometimes someone I'm looking with you, you fucking faggot with full Regios X and +20 health gemmed in double-triple carts against shit, not even high level GQs, and I immediately know before checking if he has no wystones he has your stupid mentality. Guess what, they always lack one or both wystones.MH is a co-op hunting game first and foremostNo, MH can be played perfectly Singleplayer as well and all the content can be soloed, there are not separate modes.
9So Dark Souls is a multiplayer game because you can summon 2-3 guys to kill a boss for you?Woah I completely beat DS, I summoned people all the time and never killed a boss on my own, I'm totally good at the game, yup.
5protip: giving people free stuff is a great way to ruin the start of any RPGdevs build a progression curve and a reward schedule for a reason
3I'm looking with you, you fucking faggot with full Regios X and +20 health gemmed inI think I played with that guy.playing with randoms is pure masochismMH can be played perfectly Singleplayer as wellYou're missing the point. Of course it can be played solo. That doesn't mean it's THE way it supposed to be played.But the most fun you can get out of the game is co-op hunting with friends. It's the core attraction of the game.2comparing two different gamesGreat job, anon.And yes, Dark Souls IS a multiplayer game. Although it's not necessarily a co-op game. Player messages, ghosts and bloodstains are essential part of that game.And there is a trade-off to going human in DaS - the invasions. The latter having much chance of happening than the former, especially taking the netcode into consideration.You people should stop trying to look hardcore on an anonymous imageboard.You can solo it, I can solo and pretty much anyone who is not shit at videogames can. Playing multi is not gonna stop shitters from getting carted, when the monster attacks them.Not playing multi is gonna stop YOU from having more fun than you are already having.
So if I have -10 in hunger, would simply using a single Hungerless decoration prevent the skill from triggering? Or does having any points at all affect stamina loss.
5"I fear not the hunter who uses one thousand different weapons but the hunter who uses a single weapon one thousand times" - Bruce Felyne
2what about the hunter who uses one thousand different weapons one thousand times ? faggot
1Skills only activate beyond certain thresholds, so having -9 is completely fine.
5That's called dedication.
2Game offers you 14 weapons to indulge yourself in entertainmentStick with just one for a thousand hunts
6Neat. Thanks.
8Nice reach, faggot.
5This. I've just learned to ignore it and enjoy my beautiful main series in all its progressive glory.
Best way to get a Handicraft+7 OO- charm? I accidentally fucked up and used all my Pure Frenzy Crystals.
4Get more pure frenzy crystals
I like to believe that if raised from an egg, Tigrex imprints on the owner and acts like a giant puppy.
9online multiplayer doesn't sound that greatit's either really easy or some shitter shows up and makes you lose?either way the outcome isn't determined by your own performanceguess I'll stick to solo/local co-op
3My nigga
TAMEABLE MONSTERBROS WHEN
Rooms?Anybody want to hunt shit?
8You can try out the way an anon in this thread suggested earlier. Partner with just one other player and duo the guild hall. It's a nice balance between difficulty and crushing lonliness. Also, you both get to bring your cats as a bonus.
6soon
1wanna go for HR teo? i need a gem
Is poison good against Chaotic Gore?
5You can also play with /v/, all the people I've played with from here were pretty good on average and at worst just competent enough.
6Sure, post room and pass.
6NOW!
2What are they for?
Quick, /v/, give me a list of 5 slot skills.
4Someone doesn't know how to evade lance/position themselves properly. When you know each monster, getting hits in and shelling constantly isn't an issue.
605 1282 9036 76357243
7I will be going full master race from now on.he thinks excluding systems is master race
5Tremor resFast sharpenMushromancerThose are the only ones worth mentioning
5SharpenerTremor ResBombardierFrenzy ResMushroomancerProtection[projectile type] UpMay be forgetting something but these are the useful ones.
7Every platform is dogshit this gen unless you're a blind fanboy. Excluding most of them if not all but then why be on /v/ is a good path these days.I'm including PC on "every platform", by the way.
6Can't find the room, can you make it another or something?
AuXLRazor SharpFleet FeetEvasion+1Seregios Switch AxeI didn't think it would be that good but I'm a power house. Purple sharpness almost all the time, 2000 raw not counting the boost from power phial, easy to stay out of danger. Might be my new go to SA set.
4What's it look like though?
0weird, lemme try again32 6289 6596 48471111
47mushromancer is 4 congalala fur per jewelWell fuck.Also I think you're wrong about [shot type] Up.
7There's a double conga quest you can do though, I got all mine in about 3 runs
2Godammit, anon. If only you were't being a nigger bitch and this were accurate.
5Like this. Not my best looking clownsuit but it could be worse.
4that beltBest taste
4Could you post the parts list + gems/talismans used?
1By the gods, it's like you are literally describing my friends, pso2 and dragon age preference included. If this was posted 3 weeks ago, I would be more freaked out. That was the time I completely given up on hunting with him. Damn shame...
I'm going to get a 3DS soon for 4U; is the New 3DS with the C stick good enough to hunt with or should I get a regular 3DS and the CPP?
So I'm about to to fight shagaru magala, what should I know, anything specific I should bring, item or element wise?
1females always having the shitty huge ass skirtnothing slim fitting or as fabulous as male DamascusLife is suffering
7I prefer the regular XL + CPP since it feels comfier to hold for long periods of time.
7Hit it till it dies
7Eh, I'd rather have that skirt than leg armor that doesn't cover half of the legs.
Fuck I didn't know the Purple Gypceros's poison blobs trickle downhill and can still hit you. Now I feel like an asshole carting to one with no antidote.
9the framerate is lower though isn't it?
7dodge his attacks and hit him until he dies, bring potions and a fire weapon
7As a general rule, bring farcasters to every fight where you can't leave the area. Other than that it's just an exploding gore magala.
7Fire elementTraps don't work in sanctuary, don't stand in front of it too longBring nulberriesGet ready for Michael bay
8the N3DS has better performance and higher resolution textures on many of the monsters + town elements, as well as quicker load/boot times.
7Anything you'd bring for a Gore Magala, except traps.
77Vangis Helm XAce MailEsurient Braces ZEsurient Belt ZAce GreavesSharpness+7 Attack Up+14 talismanWhatever gems I needed to get evasion+1
8No, stop being retarded
5#REKT
54Why fire and not dragon element?
6That talismanFuck
1Gypceros and Iodrome's poison puddles are possible the worst poison in the game.They last forever.
7Both Fire and Dragon are his weakness, bring whatever you want
8
7Harder to get a decent dragon weapon I supposeI just used a raw HH
7Bring NulberriesLeave traps at homeBring a Fire weapon if possibleMounts do work on himAnd for the love of god though get out there and study his moves, don't just cower behind the safety rock every time he moves because if you spend long enough behind it he WILL destroy it and leave you without a safe spot to heal.
7Isn't Dragon better than Fire for Shaggy?
0If you're DB user, Gore DBs seemed to do well for me.
9Very slightlyBut good luck finding a decent weapon with it at that point
9I think they're about the same.But yes, use Dragon if you prefer, I was just dumb enough to leave it out of my post.
1Dual Blades are Gore's natural enemy, he can't touch you if you use them.
7shitting on battle dress armorwhat kind of shitty taste do you have ?
44050Okay, farcasters and Michael Bay. My body is ready.
1The best taste
6Watch out for the land mines
is anyone hosting japanese DLC ? I wanna finish my golden rathian armor and hunting horn
7You don't even need to use the c-stick. You can use the new shoulder buttons to control the camera instead.
1That's shit, though.
7What this anon said1I thought I'd be terrible without having the attached cpp, but I'm enjoying using L to control my camera a lot more than the little nipple stick we have now
1is that an option or something? they're not moving the camera for me atm
6Yeah, you can change it from the options.
7I miss my wroggi armour so bad.
6He probably means using the soft lock-on and using single press for targeting the lock on, double press to reset camera in the direction the player is facing
4No. You can use the ZL and ZR buttons to rotate the camera left and right.
5It's like the only G rank belt with Torso Up.
2I had no ideaThought it just didn't have an application in the game besides doubling up L/R
5Stop being a poorfag and purchase a 3DS or 3DS XL off of Craigslist.
Anyone else gets a raging boner when fighting Tigerstripe Zamtrios?Anyone at all? pls
7What about him makes you feel that way?
7
6If I want high level wroggi would I want a double diablos GQ or something else?
0I don't think it needs pointing out.2pls no
2Zinogre or TigrexDiablos beshackled won't produce wroggi armor
Alright anons, i need something to distract me from knowing my dog is going to be put down this afternoon.Someone post a room, i dont care what it is we hunt.G silver crown, btw.
Grindan HR5 zinogre for a plateGHID: 54-6363-7839-6081Pass:0770
70there's no need to feel ashamed, I too get a boner when he does his tail spin attack
9here, you asked so gently
7I thought HR zinogre didn't give plates
9Shit, really? if so then it's whatever will give me a plate googling now
962-5906-5783-0886pass 1236sorry anon
9I'd hunt some Barroths with you but he's not in this gamehopefully he's in X
2so basically I need to kill a bunch of nerscyllas in everwood to get zinogre/deviljho GQs, because it looks like tigrex's pairing won't help stats?
97It looks like I need to grind an HR3 quest instead low rank zinogre+quest reward drops thanks for correcting me.
NEW MEGAMAN MAN CARTOONcan´t wait to hear all those "well, excuuuuuuuuse me Roll" again.
, 
Every other game I own kind of seems to suck now.
Witcher games definitely ruin a certain type of RPGs for you save for a few.The trick is finding other genres.
Heroes of the Storm pre-release HYPE thread.Check out some epic gameplay before you get started:class="quote"What is Heroes of the Storm?An upcoming MOBA being developed by Blizzard.What makes Heroes of the Storm different from other already known and popular MOBAs?Way less features. The complex features like last hitting, gold, items, leveling, voice chat, allchat etc are all removed. Also the experience is shared. This creates a game that's much more easier for casual gameplay and for people of all age groups to get into. Basically it's League of Legends, but with way less features; and that makes it better.
6Basically it's League of Legends, but with way less features; and that makes it better.and that makes it better.stopped reading there
8You're missing out by not reading further.
6OP is a obvious shill.
4No I'm just a big fan of the game.
I play this game every day, and I still think you're shilling too hard. Be more subtle next time, you idiot marketer.
9shill cuck.Bobby kotick fucks you in the ass you cuck shill faggot.
6last hitting, gold, items, leveling, voice chat, allchat etc are all removed.I don't even play ASSFAGGOTS and that sounds like a shitty game.
dotard shitposting threaddo not reply
9It's a great game. Have you bought heroes and skins yet? I have spent about 200 dollars so far and I don't regret it one bit because of all the high quality textures.
mefense of ba ancients
another dota ripoffgameplay looks slow as fuckwhy didnt blizzard just contact icefrog and make a dota 2 of their own? they would've made so much money off of it instead of making this bullshit 4 years late to the game
3"last hitting is for pros like myself that carry teams XD"
4Or worse, a ironic shillposter.
It's better than LoL for the sheer fact that it has a hero that is multiple units and one that has mechanics LoL would never have because it can be used to grief stitches hook can grab allies.Eternally salty Barb and Sgt Hammer are female for no good reason though.
Check out some of the epic skins HotS has to offer! Customise your heroes like ArthasTM like you always wanted.
6Way less featuresFUCK YES. I AM SO HYPE.Anon, all I ever want to hear from game trailers these days is "It's going to have less". I am sick of games living up to the content I grew used to over the span of my young life. I was so excited when Blizzard released Starcraft 2 and it was less complex, less competitive, and the story was dumbed down.Finally. I am this game's demographic. The marketers are brilliant. God, I hope Blizzard adopts "less is more" as a company mantra and they splash that up with all their logos and branding.
9LoL went to shit after the second season.All the champions are homogenized with shitty side effects in their skills.
7HOTS does look pretty fun and has good skin work but some of them are just lacking.That one would be much better if Arthas was actually using his old weapon and not Frostmourne.
9I suppose I can see it being nice but it's just Arthas at the end of the WC3 human campaign when he just got frostmourne. I don't think it was laziness considering their other skins.
Better yet! Make your Illidan ride a pony from the hit cartoon My Little Pony! Such an authentically hilarious sight can't really be found elsewhere, only in HotS :
Hey guys, here is a list of features this awesome game has.Picture related.
7Yeah maybe.Also it would look weird if full paladin Arthas was summoning Ghouls. So it makes sense.
3Epic, simply epic. Upboated.
0I've been expecting you Kerrigan*swivels chair around and puffs cigar*Did you think I wouldn't be prepared?*presses button on MacGuffin-Cliché brand detonator*Ahaha, I have you now.*deus ex machina*"I must return to my people.Literally the ending of SC2: Heart of the SwarmIt was like someone sat down and wrote every Saturday morning Claw scene into a serious story for kicks and accidentally submitted it to production instead of the real script.How anyone can trust or even like Blizzard after that is so fucking far beyond me.
3You know, I really don't think Blizzard gives a shit about their game lore. Just be thankful that they didn't invent some analog to Marvin and Wendy to go along with their "Super Friends" LoL clone.Unless I'm mistaken and they did. They did include some retarded pink-haired character to appeal to the, uh, what they imagine a "female" demographic is, right?
6Only good thing about HOTS was Abathur.
I've been playing beta for a while now, and it's just so god damn boring.Really tried to like the game, but it ended up being a shallow clusterfuck when it comes to gameplay. Maps with various team goals are neat tho, but it doesn't matter when I can't force myself to play a single match in a week.I was really hype for this game too, since having no items, no farming reminded me of Bloodline Champions.Ended up being boring piece of shit game that is just a cash grab
6Kerrigan: Mengsk is a strategic mastermind, he's always one step ahead of youfinal mission is just him sending wave after wave of troops at you while chiming in Azmodan style every 2 minutesJesus fucking christ
6
6WE SAVED YOU KERRIGANlol okay im gonna re-zerg myselfB-BUTZERG ARE MISUNDERSTOOD OKAY?
0Perfect.
6"Zerg are free now, but I don't know wat they do.""Is okay character. Jim still love you. Thank for rescuing from jail. Mengsk was bad guy.""No, Jim. No we fight bigger bad guy. Him is raise army of ZERG MIX WITH PROTOSS."That A-list writing, motherfucker. I cried at the end.
5Has there even been a single dota-clone in the ASSFAGGOTS genre, aside from HoNwhich is a true clone so it doesn't count? It's like every game has been based off LoL, despite it being the more boring model of the two. It's sad that WC3 customs had better competition for DotA than commercial development.
6Don't be picky anon. Next thing you are gonna tell me if you figured out Narud was Duran and you didn't like the DBZ fight.
6Just re-watched this bullshitI made you into a monster, kerrigan!you made us all....into monstersWHAT THE FUCK THAT DOESNT MEAN ANYTHING
9It's supposed to be arthas when he first picks up frostmourne and has northrend crazies. Making him paladin arthas would involve changing his entire moveset.
Friendly reminder to report this thread for advertising.
8stopped reading thereEveryone did because it's the last sentence, you stupid fuck.
0Mengsk couldn't even handle questions asked by his own state media."Emperor, how do you explain these cassette tape recordings?""You mean the one a terrorist broadcasted across our holdings by attacking and murdering thousands of people, including civillians, during a peaceful parade in our capitol?""Yes, those recording.""I HAVE NO IDEA. FUCK YOU. ALLOW ME TO STORM OFF THE STAGE IN CHILDISH ANGER. YES, YOU MAY BROADCAST THIS I APPROVE."After that scene I think that maybe Mengsk didn't have the iron grip on his people that Raynor complained he did. Or any grip at all. His grip wasn't even pudding. It was like somebody woke him up in the mid afternoon and reminded him he had to give speeches to the public, and Mengsk didn't wanna.
0fuck.stopped reading there
00976I was hoping for an awesome fight at the end, but everything he sends at you is so neutered. They even ruined the Odin, which was the coolest part of Starcraft 2, and the only thing which made it at least okay in some respects.But no, they take my favorite war machine and turn it into trash. THANKS BLIZZARD.
0Blizzardshilling on /v/As if we were their target audience.
0Right because the hundreds of Splatoon threads are A-okay.
6we'll never have cool robots or mechs in Starcraft againeverything will look like it has down syndrome and anything possibly good will be removed in patches
9That's because all the "cool" stuff they come up with is impractical bullshit. Things like deathstar units that are supposed to kill everything at once - which is possible to implement but not for Blizzard's devs.I think that at first they were going to do something like Supreme Commander, where you could build massive experimental units like the Odin and the Mothership, but then their deadlines hit and nothing was ready, so they launched with totally incomplete rosters and had to scrap a ton of ideas.
6Supreme CommanderPlease don't remind me of superior RTS games. It bums me out because of how far Blizzard has fallen. Starcraft was right there with the original Supreme Commander. SC2 should've been their Forged Alliance. Imagine a badass like THIS being used by the Protoss.
7lion face on his crotchFor what purpose
66Heart of the swarm dropped everything they tried to make in Wings of liberty, which was good, it had its momentsGeneral Warfield trusts Raynor even though they are enemiesTychus gets to command the fucking Odin and rampages through the cityYou see how the Raynors Revolution starts off even though its not really explained how they got some units without saying things like "Yeeaaah we borrow that schematic and that other one too, and Firebats are just pyromaniacs and we had the suits all the time"And then there is Heart of the SwarmWarfield is killTychus is kill since the end of WoLRaynor gets buttfucked by the fact that he did all that shit in WoL with the artefact to save Kerrigan and make her human again, and sacrificed a shitton of people to do so, and she just turns zerg again to tell hem she loves himThat fucking cliche endingI hope Legacy of the Void tries to do at least a bit of damage control to this shipwreck
9And also: Raynor broke one rule : Bros before hoes 
19Tychus should've been the main character. Or at least Mathew. Better yet, it should've been about them bonding as bros, without Mengsk's suit, or love struck Jim. What could've been...
2It would have been cool if they could do what Supcom did and include such a massive variety of units and tactics. Supcom is better because you have three tiers of basic ground, air, and navy units. Each faction has differing capabilities that set them apart, and the units you make depends on what you're trying to do. Yes, you can spam tanks all day, but you can also break from that to build long range artillery, tactical missiles, or air support and it's all practical if you know the game.Then towards the end you get these massive, stomping death machines that feel deadly and extraordinary. But know what? They're not overpowered, because if you can build one your opponent is either slacking or they've got the ability to hammer that thing with enough air support to stop it.SC2 on the other is full of holes. You build units because you have to more than because you choose to. Like, Zerg have to build mutalisks because otherwise they have no offensive anti-air. As opposed to Supcom where you can choose between interceptors, mobile AA, cruisers, or static AA.With as badly as SC2 is designed, if they included something like the Czar in a way that felt as threatening as a Czar, there wouldn't be any way to bring it down. For all the "hard counters" Blizzard uses in that game, everything is either overpowered with glaring weakness, or underpowered but one feature, and consequently needs to be mixed in with deathballs to achieve maximal efficiency.
1He also broke the "Don't stick it in crazy" rule. At some point in the lore they decided Kerrigan had dissociative identity disorder, then kind of waffled on that when people complained how stupid it is. Still, bitch is crazy, and not only because she's a sociopath.
i like it because matches end in under 25 minutes and I dont have to sit there and farm for 25 minutes before the game starts.
5Yep, you hit it square on the head. Sup Com just offers so many options, without it being excessive or unnecessary. There's a minimum of 10 different ways to handle any given experimental, yet in SC2 you need this exact unit to counter another exact unit, and every battle plays out the game.Also, another thing I liked was how each race in Sup Com had their own advantages. Cybran were masters of sea, Aeon were the air kings, and the UEF had ground supremacy. Seraphim jerked off inbetween.
5Still, bitch is crazy, and not only because she's a sociopath.Its allright to be crazy, but not that "I REZERG MYSELF" crazyVengeance is never fucking good, neither is zeging yourself In fact, the only infested terran that has his reasons is Stukov 
6The story for the entire Starcraft 2 trilogy is so wildly contrived and poorly paced that I'm wondering if Metzen is at some kind of transition period in his writing career and he's trying to become a black comedy author. There literally isn't a single thing from the original two games that hasn't been retconned. I just replayed them a few days ago, literally EVERYTHING has been rewritten like "uh, no, this actually happened becuz an ancient evil awoke lol."Hivemind was actually good all along xDTassadar is a spooky goastie becuz protoss aren't an advanced technological society based on a hierarchy and religion, they're just ooga-booga tribal apes with machinesFenix? lol who's that oh wait I remember now let's have Jim mention him once in the second part of the trilogy long after he missed every chance to bring it up, and only as a passing comment so that I, the writer, don't seem like so much of a hack by forgetting about himZerg have a giant mothership that floats through space instead of their colonies being spread by overlords, as was established literally every 10 minutes of the Zerg campaigns in the first two gamesThe Zerg are descended from another alien race, rather than being a genetic abomination created from the DNA of multiple living species across the galaxy as was established literally every 10 minutes of the Zerg campaigns in the first two games.Duran? Oh that guy. Oh wait, he's dead.Dragonball Z cutscenes with ridiculous budgets that take 10 minutes to do what literally one line of text can say.RAWR I'M ANGRY JIMMY THIS IS A MUTINYYEAH THE CREW AGREES JIMMY THIS HAS TO STOPTychus gets punched once in full-body armor designed to repel explosives and alien claws the size of trucks and crumples to the ground like he's been shotYEAH JIMMY WE WERE ON YOUR SIDE ALL ALONG LET'S GO KILL- I MEAN RESCUE KERRIGAN
This game is just not good. I tried it. I tried it for a long time even, I forced myself to play it and I probably ended up making myself like it more than I should.But it's just not good. They went too far with removing mechanics and features needed to make these games exciting, different and skill-requiring. If they had only casualized it a little bit it would be fine, but they don't know the meaning of the word moderation - they went all out. My advice: Play any other moba, be it Dota, LoL or Smite. Don't waste your time with this.
4The game is free...
8RAWR I'M ANGRY JIMMY THIS IS A MUTINYYEAH THE CREW AGREES JIMMY THIS HAS TO STOPTychus gets punched once in full-body armor designed to repel explosives and alien claws the size of trucks and crumples to the ground like he's been shotYEAH JIMMY WE WERE ON YOUR SIDE ALL ALONG LET'S GO KILL- I MEAN RESCUE KERRIGANWoL was like a fever dream with how much stupid shit like this happens. I'd post the screencap of Raynor having to choose between the Ghosts and the Spectres but I don't think I have it saved anymore.
I hate mobas intensely. Almost everything about them.I'm installing HotS to see if all the genre-staples they apparently fucked with might make it actually interesting to me.
I feel like I played this 6 months ago. How is it just now coming out?Its shit btw
9If you hate having to be good in any way whatsoever then give HotS a tryIt's pretty much impossible to fuck up.
8At least the missions in WoL were pretty fun and interesting.Unlike HotS, where literally every mission is a timed conquest where you win by destroying the enemy base and gain multiple neutral units along the way in case producing your own is too hard.
0it's pretty much impossible to fuck upYou should probably play the games you're commenting on.
9and has good skin workThen why is every single Master sking complete fucking shit?
8"Hi Jimmy! It's me, the spy/assassin network that works for your mortal enemy! Um, I was just wondering, would you like to team up and kill the spy/assassin network that works for you? Our boss says they're really bad.""Sure, baby. Lucky I'm not gay, 'cause otherwise this choice would not possibly be explained in any logical fashion. Let's kill my own spy/assassin network.""Oh, awesome, Jimmy! As thanks, I'll let my spies hang around your ship and join you on missions! I promise we won't spy on/assassinate you!""Cool. Also send nudes, please."
tired of lol and dotasteam suggests me strifedoh might as wellactually comfy as fucksuddenly played for 5 hourslook up gem code on g2a1000 gems for not even 2 yuropsPic related is their official price for gems. Feels good to do /biz/.
0For one thing, I hated items.I just got the feeling the game was "pretending" to be an RPG or something, and the items were too confusing. I never felt like I was getting the right ones.My first experience with these kinds of games was Demigod. It fucking sucked and left a bad taste in my mouth. And I haven't been able to avoid feeling the same way about all the other games in the genre I suppose.
8I'm your friend who has made many business deals with you, stayed among your crew, and directly worked for you to further your goal in defeating your common enemyI'm a spy and assassin for your common enemy and I say he's a nigger"SURE THING NOVA, LET'S TAKE CARE OF THOSE DIRTY SPECTRES!"
8Who even chose that anyway? Tosh was a better everything compared to Nova, and the first game he starred in DIDN'T get canceled.
This is hands down one of the most boring online games I have ever played in my lifeNot even my love for Blizz characters can salvage this
6but this game is shit.And this is coming from someone who was first wave alpha and maxed out tychus, hammer, and rehgar. its fun for the first few hours, but then it just gets worse and worse. Optimization has also taken a huge nosedive since alpha.
Have any of you seen Froggy? I can't find him anywhere! I'm starting to get lonely... :'
I'm here to chew ass and look for frogs, and I'm all out of ass
2Are you here to help? Thank you!
9Yo Big some big water goblin swallowed him
HEY BIG GUY
So I got this game for free and just realized that I love racing games. What peripherals would you recommend? I'm on a budget. I need a racing wheel.
I know you're out there, what's the good word m8s? What are you playing? Did you manage to get your hands on Hatred?
I spent the whole day watching season 4 of Arrested Development on NetflixAlso I'm getting into the PSP version of Final Fantasy but I don't know how long that will last because I'm planning on playing the Arkham games before Knight is out.
3I wouldn't of bought hatred, even if I could
8ofAmericans
3what's the good wordCertainly not boong, I'll tell you that.
3Watch the fucking cricket you plebBased Kane just got Cock out
3Got some error on the cracked version and didn't give enough of a fuck to fix it tbh
3im aussie
Why would anyone go out of their way to download hatred? There are a million games exactly like it, it's literally just walking around shooting people til you die.
so what was the point of the r18 rating if everything just gets banned anyway?
1Damn good question.
Playing FF8 before FFXV's Episode Duscae comes out.Drinking Hoegarden.
1So you can go buy games that legitimately are mature, like GTA5It's the tryhard edgeshit like Hatred and A Serbian Film that doesn't make it through
3Hatred looks like shit so I don't give a shit.Gonna play some FFXIV and show these weebs how it's done.1So that we could get MK?
4Regardless if its 'tryhard edgeshit' it shouldn't be banned for consenting adults you fucking fascist.
Playing Witcher 2, FF8 and KOTORCould't care less about some meme game m8 do i look like a child?
1So the ratings board can pay themselves 100k+ and make it look like they do work.Seriously, if all it takes is a gender studies degree or someshit, i'll do it.
1The rating shut up a lot of people that were demanding it but had no idea what the rating would cover, and were just complaining for the sake of complaining. The majority of shit that the government says would fit under AO is passed under MA ratings after the parent company changes something minor in their general release anyhow after seeing that they're going to skirt too close to adult ratings that they see hurting their marketing chances.
Witcher 3 has a lot more disturbing shit than Hatred and that wasn't even censored, why is the classification board filled with retarded dinosaurs?
9Why?Some shit just doesn't need to be seen. Not to protect anyone, but just because it's just retarded shock with absolutely no artistic value.Did Funny Games get banned? No. Did A Serbian Film? Yes.That's the point.
9And who decides what 'doesn't need to be seen'
Not terribly interested in Hatred m8, looks average and my PC is 4 years old so it would run average too. Just playin csgo and some castlevania in a minute m8.
9I need the government to decide what I'm allowed to seeEmbarrassing m8
9One issue is who is determining what is worth seeing and the "artistic merit" of films. When you have a cloistered review board overseeing what can and cannot be allowed you open the door to censorship not on public morals or general artistic merit, but to arbitrary restrictions.
8He does. The faggot.
9Get the fuck out of my country and move your dumb fascist ass to North Korea.
9Weak bait.
8The ratings board, duh.5No, I don't. I have the internet, so why are you complaining? lel you're all so retarded it hurts1So where's the artistic merit in Saints Row's dildo gun, or A Serbian Film's scene were a newborn baby is raped to death?7fkn gooks aye handle the banter aye cunt cunt cuntLearn to put your opinions into legible sentences.1I am being serious. Nothing's been banned that mattered, ever. We have huge piracy rates here, so it's never even mattered anyways.
5People with autism shouldn't have access to the internet. I propose an alternative to twitter where one has to provide a doctor's certificate free of mental illnesses to gain access.
Yeah, nah, cunt, just gone fishing and shit.
9braindead lefties"Its OK when the government bans things I personally don't likeconservatards"Its OK when the government bans things I personally don't like"Fuck this country.
9Did you see the newest video from your pic? TG256 I mean. They're practically molesting each other by the end of it.
8I am being serious. Nothing's been banned that mattered, everMattered how?L4D2 and Hotline Miami 2 both got banned.Or don't they matter because they're just video games and not master works of art to rival the sistine chapel.
Coopers best beer.Bogans can fight me.
2i am le smart one in the middle i'm not like these braindead lefties or conservatards, i'm unique-every person out there
8So where's the artistic merit...Where's the artistic merit in dadist art? Eye of the beholder. I may not like it, but denying a person the right to perceive and make their own informed decision about the media they consume is a stupid. Consenting adults should be able to indulge in practises they want that don't harm other non-consenting adults, or present a clear and present danger to non-consenting people.
1Are you people retarded? Go read the news on it. The developer banned the game themselves, not Australia's/German's governments. They purposely didn't submit the game to be rated and told steam to deal with it.The devs are trying to stir up a controversy but we found out.
9it's just retarded shock with absolutely no artistic valueno artistic value in shockWithout shock, the slave continues to work and sing. You government kills people on a daily basis, foreign ind countrymen, and you sit here, talking about censoring pixelblood. Everything around you is burning and you just want more curtains to hide it.Fucking degenerates these days
6Not exclusively drinking IPAs6He's not wrong.
6Struck a nerve, huh?I wonder which brand of retard you are?
7No, thanks for reminding me of the channel though. I guess.
1Considering I distinctly remember renting L4D2 for 360 once don't judge me and I pirated and finished HM2 the day it came out, yeah it doesn't matter.6You still didn't answer my question you little bitch, I got halfway through your tangent before I realised you failed to actually respond to what I said.37Sure I'm wrong and a retard, still can't see anything in there that actually counters the points I have to make though.
West Austrayan here. Just played a bit of Hatred. Simple twin-stick shooter that's serviceable I guess, feels jank on a controller though. It HAS to be classified under satire or something, everything is played straight but the main character is like and edgy Duke Nukem. Everything he says fucking slays me.Also been playing a modded Skyrim. Doing a run as a Bosmer archer/dog fucker/werewolf prostitute. Sexlab is the best thing to happen to the game period.Started Dying Light, it's okay. Mirror's Edge with zombies lel. The one game I need to turn depth of field on, you fucking expect me to climb ledges while staring at the wall?Would be playing Akiba's Trip but already played and beat it on Vita. Why the fuck didn't they tell me it was coming to PC.Tangentially related, I get the biggest boner hearing Americans bitch about how scarce Amiibos are over there. Australian shelves are still lined with Greninja/Jiggly/Splatoons and we're getting Lil' Mac, Cap Falcon, WFT and Forehead Villager back in stores this week. I don't even care about any of those, I just want to hear your displeasure you fat fucks.
2The devs are trying to stir up a controversy but we found out.The devs said in the FAQ on the steam page that they weren't going to sell to Germany through steam but would find other ways to sell to people. The only people stirring controversy are idiots and bandwagon hoppers. The devs don't need to do anything when the outrage generation can do it for them.
6Did I hit a nerve? I never once implied that in my post and you are projecting pretty hard right now.
1They've released like 1 video in the last 3 months. I forgot about the channel for a while too and expected a bit more of a backlog ;
7You still didn't answer my question you little bitchYeah I did you tool. Can you name me the artistic merit in every piece of art hanging in the National Gallery? Even the monochrome art pieces in the modern art sections? Art is what the beholder makes of it and takes away from it, not what some faceless knob in Canberra tells us is art. It might hurt, but you have to occasionally use your own brain to make decisions.
7Are you baiting us right now or are you actually this retarded?
7Yes you did. You called the left braindead and the right tards, therefore implying that you're the aloof moderate above this political bullshit.Your post still didn't have anything to do with my original point though, so it's a moot point.
Any other Ausfags here with a New 3ds XL? Can you answer these two questions please;Does your's have an IPS screen?if so do the shoulder/Z triggers clickly noise, like a mouse click? or is it much quieter?just trying to determine if I should send mine back or not
7"TG256 uploaded and posted 2 weeks agoAs with the last couple of episodes, the banhammer will be in full effect."
5I really prefer it if he did kill himself
7Considering I distinctly remember renting L4D2 for 360 onceCensored.Has no cop enemies or dismemberment.Corpses fade after you kill them.I pirated and finished HM2 the day it came outHow does that make it not matter?The rest of your post is just you failing to grasp simple arguments against you and acting superior about it.Stop posting libtard.
1Your point falls flat because I don't see those paintings getting banned lel. What a joke of a post.So yeah, back to my question, why is it so important the public sees a baby getting raped to death or get their dildo gun in Saints Row?
8if so do the shoulder/Z triggers clickly noise, like a mouse click? or is it much quieter?Mine don't make a peep.
1Hatred wouldn't have been refused classification the Devs are just faggots trying to stir up controversy.
Pretty sure the devs never submitted it to Australia or Germany for financial reasons, thinking it had cunt all chance of getting rated. Someone said they were encouraging people to use VPN but I haven't seen sauce.Either way, game looks shit and will be forgotten about in a couple of weeks. Should've been a FPS.
8Where'd ya get it from?Does the right Z trigger make a slightly louder noise then the left?
7libtardIs censorship a rightwing or leftwing agenda?I always thought it was neutral
7why is it so important the public sees a baby getting raped to death or get their dildo gun in Saints Row?Why is it important they don't?
7I didn't even notice it was censored, played the same. So it doesn't matter.Also, yeah being able to freely access and play HM2 regardless of it being "banned" means that it actually doesn't matter, retard.You are mistaking me "failing to grasp" arguments as seeing them and wondering what impact it has.The only argument I've seen so far is "WELL, WE SHOULDN'T BAN ANYTHING BECAUSE UHHHHHH ART"
Referendum to reinstate WAP when?
3thinking it had cunt all chance of getting ratedThen they are just retarded, with the 18+ rating only "sexual violence" can be refused classification. Over the top violence like MK is fine.
4I got a monster hunter 4u ed, from eb, they both don't make much noise at all, nowhere near a mouse click.
7Traditionally right but today you have liberals trying to censor anything because it may offend.2Also, yeah being able to freely access and play HM2 regardless of it being "banned" means that it actually doesn't matter, retard.Never in my life have I read a single thing so goddamn stupid.
7I don't see those paintings getting banned lelThen you don't actually follow any kind of artistic or political news at all.
3It's not really, but I never claimed it was. Just that the public doesn't have to see that shit and that's why I understand why the ratings board exists.You'll notice that the actual original question that started this whole thing was why is there an R18 rating but games are still banned. It's because of the distinction between tasteless bullshit and something that's actually for mature audiences.
Mates how can I buy Hotline Miami 2I know the dev said pirating is fine but fuck that.Plus, if it gets added to my account does Steam perma vac ban me or do they just not care?
6No seriously, if a game is banned in Australia, and all I have to do is click around for a while, wait for a DL and play it and never be in any danger whatsoever, why on earth does it matter? Hell, the devs said they wouldn't care if any Australian pirated it.
6I never claimed it wasClaims just that in the postYou're trolling. Not even the bogans down in Frankston are this stupid.
6liberalscensoringReminder it was the Labor government that wanted to instate an internet filter.I will never stop reminding you butthurt labordrones about this.
8You have more faith in the board than I do. I can't imagine in a million years this game being sold legit in Australia inb4 GTAV comparison on killing innocents.
3You missed your chance bub, used to be able to get it on the humble store and redeem the key on steam or directly download it, but they also blocked it.Steam doesn't give a fuck, I bought it on launch and had nothing happen.
7Here's a better question, who are you to decide what the public can and cannot see? I don't want to see a baby getting raped to death, but I like having that choice of not seeing. I don't like someone telling me what I can and can't watch, I'm not a fucking baby raped to death or not.Also what's wrong with dildo guns in Saints Row? You gonna ban every phallic symbol in every piece of art now? How come a painting of some ugly fuck with his dick out is in an art gallery and a father is okay with BRINGING HIS 8 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER TO LOOK AT THE UGLY NAKED MAN'S PENIS AND BALLSACK yet we're not allowed to make decisions for ourselves what we want to see?Fuck the Perth Art Gallery. There is a fucking STICK WITH GOOGLY EYES in the FUCKING ART MUSEUM. FUCKING WHY.
0Where'd I claim that?I just said that the public doesn't have to see things like that, not that they must not be exposed to this sick filth under any circumstances.Don't call me a troll when you're acting silly and putting words in my mouth.
7Conservatives used to try to ban stuff like homosexuality and freedom of expression but now that those things are rampant, liberals try to ban things which offend their feelings.
mfw an Australian lived in a nanny state near me
8Why? The board has a strict set of guidelines it grades games against. They can't just ban it because they want to without changing the guidelines. And as it is, excessive violence is fine for 18+. It's only sexual shit that they have a problem with.
0Basically, fuck extremism.
3Pretty sure they don't care.6Some people want to support developers by purchasing their games, also, convenience, multiplayer, updates.I mean I'd be pretty pissed if I couldn't buy MKX.6Talking about Liberal and Conservative in the social sense moron.
6Both sides wanted it, that's the major problem with Australian politics, whomever is in power tries to fuck over the majority of the country while the oppositions calls them diabolical for it, but the second they get in power they start doing the same thing while the new opposition takes their turn to scream about it. It's like two guys arguing over who gets to fuck us in the ass first and blaming the other for being the first to penetrate, all the while waiting their turn to ream.
7Thought it was more skewed to the right wing but also would be some left wings if there were non equality comments in the material.
1It's not up to me to decide, it's the government and it doesn't matter because with the dawn of the information age you have to choice it watch it regardless.Also, the controversy over the dildo gun wasn't that it was a dildo, it was that it made a light joke of rape or something idek. I guess 4chan's made me not give a shit about that but rape's a touchy subject for most of the population I'm pretty sure
9Talking about Liberal and Conservative in the social sense moron.Not Australian, get the fuck out.
Lib and labor fags arguing over which party is the least shitcome the fuck on, both are absolute fucking traitors to this country and the Australian people and deserved to be lined up and shot in the back of the neck
3I won an xbox onewhat are good games for it?
830ofThis is the cancer killing English
2More like, lined up and forced to drink VB
2That'd all be fine and dandy if the ratings board wasn't allowed to just refuse things classification meaning that legally Australians aren't allowed to ever see this media.
4It's not up to me to decideYou fucking cuck.
4Implying Labor and Liberal aren't both social conservatives
2Palmer United Party member or something else? If you're Mark Latham I'll buy you a beer if you promise not to punch me in the neck.
4You sound like you're slowly indoctrinating yourself into some kind of cult.
1...that's not how it worksRefusing classification just means that it be sold in Australia
8epik XD
The grammer in this thread is appalling.
45Are you people fucking serious? I mean it's not up to me to decide as in I am not personally on the ratings board like some of you people are acting.Holy shit. My entire point is that the bans don't matter, not that they're necessary. Yet I'm being called the troll here.
7You're fuckin' face is appalinng mayte.
7Nice goalpost moving ;
On that level where you get the jeep with the turret, how do you cause the train crash for the sub-mission?
9Used to be fines for importing stuff.Guess that got removed.
So how about that Tony Abbott, huh guys? xD
4It's not up to me to decidekek7the ratings board is perfect none may criticize it all must obey the nanny stateDouble fucking kekalso I'm pretty sure it was the anal probe gun and it was banned because it was an anal probe
4Abbott the Faggot
8I didn't, and as far as I can tell I've shot all you fuckers down.Guess you can only argue "muh art" for a limited amount of time before you feel like a fucking wanker huh
4
Watch Arrested Development all dayPirate Hatred, Play it, get bored fastEnd up buying a 32GB Wii U with Pikmin 3 for $180Feels good to be a gangsta
7Didn't say those things. Bet you deluded yourself into thinking you were secretly trolling that whole time and didn't just start acting like a retard when you realised your arguments wouldn't hold weight too.
18XD so funny!
7So you admit the ratings board is retarded and refusing classifications to video games serves no purpose beyond denying the gubbinment that there tax money and annoying Australians.
9Guess that got removed.They haven't had the "are you importing porn" on the declaration form for a number of years. I assumed they relaxed laws on low quantities for personal use, probably after some magnates son got arrested for importing all his Japanese fapping games.
8Wii U's are that cheap? Splatoon looks pretty fun
0I guess so, but I understand why A Serbian Film was banned and Saints Row 3 was asked to change the anal probe weapon.Not to say things like Mark Ecko's Getting Up or AvP weren't silly, but then again we didn't have the R rating then either.
5Great, you've finally grasped the argument that literally everybody else was talking about before you started up.
Why did the anal probe get nixed but the rest of the game get a pass? Why is the probulator any worse than a myriad of other things in the game? Why did they nix the optional drugged out of your skull mission on Saints 4 when in 2 that kind of mission was a story line necessity? Why am I still asking these questions when the review boards findings should be public knowledge instead of "we're banning it because of morals"?
9Except they weren't talking about it until I started the argument lol.There's still no real argument to be had beyond "MUH ART" and it doesn't matter when both piracy and importing are incredibly easy options. If all the board is doing is making you have to use the internet instead of going to JB Hi-Fi, does it even matter?
3They're just lazy, i bet they're just banning random shit to keep thier job.
6If all the board is doing is making you have to use the internet instead of going to JB Hi-Fi, does it even matter?Yes.And the fact that you don't understand that means you probably need to go outside more.
83You say that like games get banned for literally no reason or something
6Could you be anymore of a retarded big government drone if you tried?Don't answer, its rhetorical.
0Yeah that'd be nuts.
5So what does it mean then, oh knowledgeable one?I'll wait.Just want to see if there's actually an answer to this supposed reason for why pirating banned shit is a big deal instead of buying it.8I get it, you haven't got a point but you can't let me get the last word in because of your pride. It's okay, just walk away from the screen and let the things I've said sink in. If you get over "ERMAGERD GOVERNMENTAL INFETTERENCE IN MUH LIFE" like that isn't normal maybe the logic will actually sink in.or maybe you're a geneirc /pol/tard "libertarian"
0Most upper management types create work for themselves to do, to justify thier position.
2who are you to decide what the public can and cannot see?It's not up to me to decide, it's the government And we're criticizing how the government chooses what we can and cannot see, while you're defending thatAlso you sayMy entire point is that the bans don't matterit doesn't matter because with the dawn of the information age you have to choice it watch it regardless.Which misses the point. It's not that it's impossible to watch, it's that the Government is even trying to prevent us from having a choice. We can't legally view that material or legally support those movies/games we want to. You're saying laws are pointless because you can still break the law and not get caught and there's no difference between committing a crime and not getting caught and doing something legally.Also come the fuck on, the Saints Row banning thing was absolutely petty.
1Fucking hell you're stupid.
0I say that like bans are given to media for no reason. White Zombie were refused visas years back for a tour because of ... reasons. No reason given, beyond "they don't fit the morals of Australia."
government drone still going
Banning content for ADULTS is fucking retarded. Basically it'sadult looks at violent/sexual contentNow that I have seen this for myself, my opinion is it's too violent/sexual and you shouldn't be able to see it for yourselfIt's literally the same thing my parents did when I was ten years old wanting to watch the terminator.
6It's literally the same thing my parents didAnd look at the state of the country, it's obvious that the average parent isn't fit to be a parent. Only the government knows how to be a responsible parent. I bet your folks never told you to go dig strip mine in the back yard to fuel the economy.
8How can someone be such a fucking dickhead is beyond me.At least hes widely excepted as a idiot unlike Gilard.
1exceptedI hope you mean accepted. And you couldn't attack Gillard without being tarred by the "you just don't like women" brush so she was able to ride out more shit than should have been allowed.
1Okay completely new anon. I'll explain why people are calling you stupid. I agree with the people you're arguing against but they're being retards about it.The reason that it matters that they ban games is, regardless of whether we can get the game illegally or not, they're trying to stop us getting them. Why the fuck should government tell us "no you can't have game it might hurt your feeling lol" Also for PCs and last gen consoles bans are easily avoidable through piracy but what if you only play games on a ps4, xbone or wii u?
So where's the best place for us aussies to get our onaholes/tengas/fleshlights?
9what if you only play games on a ps4, xbone or wii u?Import them from other PAL region countries. There's no reason to purchase from within Australia with the prices they try to charge. If you're not importing 50 cases of something or something that looks like a gun chances are customs won't even open the box, they've been understaffed for the last decade anyhow.
1any sex shop ever
5Yeah actually that's a good point. Does ozgameshop sell games banned in Aus? I got the SRIV and SP:TSOT and I'm pretty sure both of those were the censored versions
0It's 1am here anon, cut me some slack.
7They seem iffy on shipping anything that is grey zone. A mate of mine got an uncensored steam key for Saints 4 by going to amazon, putting in an American billing address and using his Australian card. He just googled a warehouse in kentucky and used that then claimed the digital key.
6You might have been some Perth derro, it's hard to tell.
6Wayne "I'm too old for this shit" Swan4Yeah I thought so. I don't even own a new console but I have no idea where the fuck I'd get an uncensored or banned game in aus as a physical copy
Been 5 stacking dota with mates all night, havent lost a game yet. Feels good to have no pinoys
6While Abbot might be actually be a muhsoggynestm, it was definitely not worth using as an attack on him when he's got so much more bullshit available.
3Yeah I got hatred, shit's not even 2 gigs, but it still took longer to download and install than it took to play and uninstall.
2Yeah but politics in aus has degenerated into FUCK THAT GUY, LOOK HOW MUCH OF A CUNT HE IS, I WOULD NEVER DO THAT!While 6 months later they see how far they can shove their cock in your arse
2Politics 101, don't use logic just spew shit.
3Yeah, politics in Australia has devolved into arguments about how much lube they'll use when they fuck you and rhetoric about boat-people.
australian gaming threadpolitics and censorshipcan't escape this shieeet.worst part is that Hatred was some cowardly self-censorship by the ebin edgy oh so rebellious devs.
3You just described samara when ΣΥΡΙΖΑ was going to be the leading goverment party
6cowardly self-censorshipThey chose to hassle with steam and want to target other avenues. That's not self-censorship, that's saving effort. If every store in the world, including digital refuse to sell to Aus because the Devs have said Aus is verboten that will be self-censorship. All they've done is say "those cunts are too much effort to sell shit to, let them do the leg work to get our game."
0I described pretty much every political party in all honesty
5The ones around me don't have onaholes or tengas, only shitty looking no-name brands and overpriced fleshlights.
3OLLY OLLY OXEN FREECOME ON YOU CUNTS
How many of you aussie faggots are still awake?
3Charle's Barkley's Shut Up and Jam: GaidenConstant crashes unavoidable crash that prevents progressYahtzee's PoacherConsistent crashes, one unavoidable crash that prevents progressL.A. NoirePS3 version. If you decide to restart a case, you have to sit through 10 minutes of cutscenes to get to the questions you fucked up the first time because you mistook "doubt" as not "force" for the umpteenth time.THERE'S AN OPTION TO SKIP THE 10 SECOND ACTION SEQUENCES THOUGH, GUYSI'm out of games on my backlog.Nier arrives tomorrow,, at least.
62AM here. I'll be up and drinking for another 6 or so hours.
62am. Bit of a nightowl, ey?Honestly I'm due to hit the sack. Have to be up early, do a final tidy-up for house inspection.
61:30 am yo, like 3 it's drink until I can't feel anymore o'clock.
6I have a presentation tomorrow and I haven't started working on it, gonna be a long night.
30Chateau collapso or are you drinking some homebrewed turps?
4nah Metho m8Go hard or go homeAnd i'm already home
6You an abo mate? If so, give the computer you stole back.
3Dunt giv me shit whit cunt, straya belung tow te NUNGA
Too poor for anything good, rich enough not to drink goon
4I was drinking this but now I'm on the absinthe to get drunk a bit quicker.
8It's vodka, mate. Is there any difference in brands? It all just tastes like burn to me.
8Red Square aint bad. it's when you're drinking balalaika or v-kat you know you're in trouble. I should have known that a ten dollar bottle of vodka would never work well. 4Used to drink that shit all the time, now it tastes too sweet for me.
0The price, that's about it.
8I meant vodka in generalAt least I got a 6 pack of some jap beer half price with it
0Is there any difference in brands?Massive differences. You only tend to tell the difference if you're russian or drink like them. Good vodka has almost no taste and a clean alcohol burn. Bad vodka tastes like ass and burns like the unfiltered ethanol it is.
4Got me some fucking mead, why does it taste so good? Why was it so cheap? Where had it been all my life?
8wineo here, explain mead I've only seen it in skyrimgonna drink tomorrow night
8It's honey wine or someshit, all I know is that it's fucking delicious.
8Let honey rot, that is to say "ferment" until it's alcohol. Some say it tastes like shit, some say it's nectar from the gods, the only thing most people can agree on is that properly made mead will fuck you up viking style.
8Fermented honey mixed with herbs or spices for flavor, very easy to drink and it will fuck you up seven bells to hell thanks to just how easy it is to drink.
9You mean that Asahi stuff? Shits fucking nice, grabbed a box of that and corona for $90 at BWS the other day.
0tfw bottle shops only discount beer if you buy 2 slabs at onceFuck me sister I'm not made of money. Also responsible service of alcohol much? I live and drink alone.
2not buying two slabs at once anyways to last you through the month
2responsible service of alcoholNot everyone lives in boong-land. You can buy as many slabs as you need as long as you're not obviously shitfaced when you purchase them and aren't trying to get a few slabs as takeaway from a pub.
thread went from vidya to politics, to drinksI love you Australians.
0Nah it was called Kirin, it was really good and I was pleasantly surprised.4Politics is sort of a drinking game in aus anyway
0Is Asahi really that good? I want to try it but I haven't checked if the bottleshops around here sell it. Whats it taste like?I think the real question here though is what videogames you have been playing lately?4All Aussie threads on most boards turn into politics with the occasional board topic. Its always politics or abos and sometimes what we are drinking.
00Oh, need to give that Kirin stuff a try, gave Suntory a shot since its cheap, its weak as fuck but easy to down, but I definately reccomend Asahi if you enjoy VB, XXXX and other 'australian' beers, however it's got a tinge of sweetness to it.
0Wasting my life on this shit, but hey at least I'm DMG3Kirin is surprisingly strong, I was feeling it after 2 and by the time I finished the 6 pack I was gone. Tastes pretty good though
1sweet as shit. mead is for old poofs who fantasise about robin of sherwood and young poofs who fantasise about skyrim
0Asahi isn't bad, it's just not that great. It gets hyped up by wankers.
8I just hit Gold Nova 1 a couple days ago. I actually really don't like CS:GO if I don't play with friends but that's just me I guess. To each their own.32I'm not really a big fan of those beers, but I'll probably give it a go anyway. Probably worth trying at least.I'm not really a big drinker anyway. The last time I really had anything to drink, until tonight, was a month ago. That absinthe just hit me pretty hard though.
0If you're below GN1 or above MG2-MGE you can't win games without having at least 1 friend, people are just fucking retarded. I don't even enjoy the game that much anymore, it's just the quest to rank up.
0That absinthe just hit me pretty hard though.Yeah, it tends to do that, especially since the shit they sell in Australia is basically 120 proof with some food dye.
7Oh, really? I didn't know that. This is only 60% which somebody bought for my birthday back in February.5Yeah, I feel the same a bit. I'd really like to rank up more but I also heard that there are quite a lot of hackers at the higher levels which puts me off a bit.
6I never really encountered regular hackers until MGE level double ak. Just watch out cos if your team is full of shit players or they're doing badly they tend to call out hacker on whoever is topfragging on the other team. Wallers are probably the worst but aimbot/triggerbot really isn't that hard to deal with surprisingly VAC fucks up anything but the slightest of these hacks
6Aus used to have a legitimate ban on Czech absinth because wormwood was listed under one of the controlled drug laws. Since absinthe using actual wormwood was banned a bunch of companies put out stuff that had artificial flavouring or alcohols that would have a similar taste to proper absinthe and they're the only ones you can find at anything other than very speciality retailers. It's becoming easier these days, due to the prevalence of hipsters wanting legitimate bohemian style absinthe and a loosening of the laws regarding wormwood. I knew someone who tried to home brew some. I could strip tar from a road.
2Yeah, my bottle says that its original Czech absinthe and it says something about wormwood on the back, I dunno. Its okay, I guess. It tastes like burning licorice. I threw up when I first had it but it goes alright. I had some more just then.4Yeah, I have noticed that a bit already. People telling the enemy team that hackers are apart of that team. How embarrassing. You'd think that I that wall hacks would be worst than aimbot/triggerbot though, right? Whatever, I'll take your word for it.
0It's nothing like CoD whereHEADSHOT HEADSHOT HEADSHOT HEADSHOT HEADSHOT HEADSHOT 180 flick headshot. honestly walls are the worst because it's a much slower game and a lot more about positioning than shooting ability that comes into it though obviouslyAll the shit I'm talking about it though, it's a lot of fun when you have a good team who are into it and listen.Anyway I've got to travel half way across the state tomorrow morning so have a good night anon and enjoy the absinthe
Australians are some of the most untrustworthy people in online vidya ever.
0Aw man, I tried some of that bloody green fairy stuff on my 18th birthday with a whole bottle of vodka and a round of goon pong and nearly died. Tried offing myself in the campfire and in the creek. They had to tie me up in a tent. Absinthe mixed with anything is fucked.After that for a while we used to drink from my bottle of it at school on cold days to warm up
WHERE ARE MY 16 HOURS CDPRYOU LIED TO MEEVERY SEX SCENE IS COPY PASTED
What's your favorite Dragon Quest Spinoff /v/?
The thread is already overThis is the only good Dragon Quest spinoff
Monsters.
The one you just posted.
0the one that never ever get localized
7All of them?
DQMHopefully this thread isn't full of shitposting. 
, 
Remind me not to watch the ubisoft conference
9But she's fun, slightly akward but overall pretty fun. And she towers over tons a manlets.
BRING BACK MR CAFFEINE
3thisshe aight
LANAAAAAAAAA
girl wood?
She's the only decent host Ubisoft has had the past several E3s. Mr. Caffeine was only fun because he was bad, and while Joel McHale was OK, you could tell he really didn't want to be there.
I don't give a fuck, she's pretty.
3It's pretty hilarious when she looks down at them. I like her.
8
girlwoodITS 420 IN THIS BITCH!
Who was that one dude that looks like Satans Representative for again?
9I don't hate her she just feels a bit off to mebring back mr caffeine
Aisha is pretty good, though.Not like I'll be watching any conferences, since I'll be working.
36Eh. I don't hate her but I think she tries way too hard.
8That was some EA suit
3How tall.I need to know for reasons.
8EA. It's really funnier in context.
She's so old that she appeared on Friends0Can't replace Drew Carey though
9that fucking fart joke in watch_dogsshe's terrible
Too freakishly tall for my liking.
not watching the gigantic shapely nigress embarrass all the male presentersWhat are you, gay?
2Pretty black.
8Nobody can, but it's nice that Whose Line is back.
Literally who
9She's a big girl
3ZING
So is there any chance of a new Rayman being announced? Otherwise I'm not going to bother, last year's was almost as bad as EA's.
for future reference, shes 5'2" tall, take note when other people stand next to her.
8
I love this bitch
0Also understand she never wears anything that isn't super high heeled or platformed. Both of which can add several inches to height.
1Was it ever explained what the fuck #girlwood even was?
tfw Aisha Taylor is barren and you'll never give her the mulatto baby she wants
6Ladyboner.
3Go fuck yourself, Aisha.
0it's EAIs anyone even surprised anymore?
0That's fucking impossible. Nah you're fuckin with me anon.
5freakishly tallYou must be short as fuck anon, she's only 6"0
0It's actually kind of unsettling how evil one man can look.
0Ronaldo?
06'0 is tall for a female. Perfect height for me though since I'm 6'5 masterrace.
9Sure she tries a little too hard some times but generally she has been alot of fun to watch in an otherwise drab show.It is Ubisoft tho so the games are hardly worth paying attention too.
0I'm 6'2, but I'm a male. 6'0 for a woman is very much freakishly tall as well as disgusting.1He is fucking with you, she's 6 feet even, plus as said she wears platforms and high heels a lot so she looks even taller.
9girlwood 2.0
36
9Ubisoft pandering to niggersWhat's new?
5I-I'm totally 6'2", but a 6' girl is just disgusting!
0
4dont you mean 3.0
4Aisha Taylor is an honorary aryan.
0That graph is completely off. A basic google search shows you that the 6'4 guys are 6'2-6'3. The 6'2 guys are 6' to 6'1. Where did you find this inaccurate shit?
9I want to fuck Aisha!
40willmind
0I remember himHe looked diabolic, like satan decided to dress up as a man
1tfw jason statham height
I wanna fuck Lana
3H-hell naw, anon
2Hollywood
9Oh fuck off, you know you'll watch it and shitpost about it here just like the rest of us.
94Thread/sex theme
Ross should have gone with her instead of Rachel, she was clearly the better choice for him, and the way she left the show was bullshit
3
But anon, Aisha istalldelicious brownWhat more do you need? Of course her jokes suck, but same could be said about every other E3 host
8watching ubisoft conferences
So with DaS3 basically confirmed to be announced at E3; what do you want to see in it? More of the same or something different?
More of the same for me plz
DS1's world design, more varied bosses like in Demon's Souls, less copypasted weapons.
Based Miyazaki back on the project so hopefully Demon's/Dark Souls 1 level design.
B-team designing gameplay and gameplay mechanics, A-team designing lore and levels.
3Nothing. Never wanted Dark Souls 2 to happen. Sure don't want a third.
3what do you want to see in it?Dank memes and social justice.
Who confirmed it? Something seems odd here.
Just keep doing whatever they did in the DS2 DLC's. Those areas were 10/10
NOT CROSS-GENPlease! Fucking please
I want it to look like how they showcase it
9Miyazaki won't be on another Dark Souls, he said he absolutely hates sequelsIt'll be B-team Bamco again
5They will probably drag him into it and force him to at least sign as a director.
I'm not gonna buy it before I've had a good look at it. I'm not falling for it twice. Might just pirate it.
5So the game is going to be even better than DS2 DLC areas?
6DS1's world designSo you want the last third of the game to be total shit?
1thinking that an opinion on something generally good refers to the obviously bad part
I want them to undo every single change that Dark Souls II made.
2Bad partIts a pretty large amount of the game. And yeah, everything past Anor Londo is pure shit.B-BUT MUH A-TEAM
I'm burned out on Dark Souls and don't really care anymore. Even Bloodborne felt this way.
3Actual good combat
SL based online. fuck soul memory
6Actually it should also have DeS level design because that's the better game.
A good and challenging game for once would be nice.
3I would love to see some kind of highscore system in Souls games. Just something to make them replayable. Or something similar to the invisible weapon rings from DaS2. I just hardly see any reason to replay them always.
4I don't care about the a-team circlejerk. DS2 had is equally good as DS1, both with their strengths and weaknesses, but the world design is what always set the first Dark Souls apart.
5I'm not talking about level design, I'm talking about world design.
I want it to be set in Central America.
a good pc port.
Anything is fine because Dark souls is a good franchise. :3
8DS2 had is equally good as DS1Even as a A team denier, you gotta admit that statement is false.
I want to swim and kill sea monsters.
2As a ds2 denier, you gotta admit each to their own.
7This. All things must come to an end, so let it be on a good note. Why water down the franchise with more of the same?
5Underwater Dark Souls
7DaS2 was a decent port by Japanese standards
Bloodborne kind of monstersBloodborne kind of overworld themed as a fantasy settingMore depressing loreNo soul memoryOnly a handful of humanoid bossesEnemies respawn indefinitely
9i just want the ability to swim, it's just plain stupid that the player fall into oblivion everytime he goes into deep water, how fucking heavy he is?
5finite amount of enemiesWho tought that would be a good idea?
DaS3 basically confirmed to be announced at E3Source ?
272Releasing a new entry in the series makes the older games less fun for me!You're in the minority bud. No one cares. They could release 10 more dark souls and guess what? You can still play dark souls.
2"oh look at me im so enlightened"
3do you not know what indefinitely means?it means without definition. in this context, he means endless spawns. none of that 11-15 kills and they are perma-dead stuff.christ.
9It's a rumor, apparently VG247 has a source that says it's being directed by Miyazaki. Sounds like bull to me.
3what do you want to see in it?So far only one Dark Souls was good first obviously so idk. 2nd was just garbage compared to Dark Souls and Demon Souls.
, 
class="quote"AMD Fury$850Only 4GB VRAMSlower than 980 Ti ITS OVER! AMD IS FUCKING FINISHED
Do note however, that this is a prototype product and AMD is still working on improving the card.
if HBM + Mantle doesn't manage to run hatred at 144fps on ultra with a single card then i doubt AMD will be around for long and i say that as someone who always used AMD because of price/performance
2another report this time from PCGamesHardware reveals that AMD is preparing to launch a 8GB edition of the Fury X sometime in August take with a pinch of salt. The original price tag of $849 that we talked about some time ago is also mentioned here again, something that makes a bit more sense with twice the amount of memory.Also, the cheapest model is rumored to be around $599.
2curryniggertech2dspgamingwhere's the actual sources?
3At E3, everything else is just rumors.
the Radeon R9 Fury X GPU does not beat the GTX 980 Ti in terms of gaming performance. Do note however, that this is a prototype product and AMD is still working on improving the card.It's like you faggots only read click bait titles. Is this reddit?
9alleged release in 3 weeksprototype product
4Hatred is capped to 60
6implying anything can run that thing at 60 with max settings
Samsung need to buy AMD.
2They're predicted bankrupt by 2020, can you imagine how shit it would be for a monopoly?Fuck I hope they can pull back
6I find this hard to believe with their console deal.
2what am I looking at?
2Isn't AMD owned by some retarded sandniggers?
aehoooo
paying over 400 for a gpu
2 hours ago by Usman PirzadaStop linking to that shitty indian clickbait webNone of this shit has been confirmed yet by AMD
9Not much they can do, at this point it has to be pretty much finished hardware and design wise. Improving drivers or increasing clocks is pretty much all they can do.Improving drivers is the only way to legitimately get better performance to us, the users. Increasing stock clocks doesn't actually do anything for us as long as they don't change something else that also increases the OC ceiling.
Can't AMD just die already?I want them to die so consoles can die as well.
Who the fuck thought it would be a good idea to name the voice AI cortana?Am I the only one who finds this a terrible idea?
itt: idiots clicking a clickbait site, earning the site money which makes them make up more shit
2If AMD dies it's PC gaming that's going to die with a single company making gaming graphics cards. Consoles are going to be just fine.
99i-it's just a beta
2best card is almost 2 years old
2Are you willing to spend $2000 for a medium-end gpu in 5 years?
9retailers already have stock of the fiji GPU
7Consoles are on their way out
5fiji are the rebrands, fury is the new GPU.
WCCFeven remotely reliablelook at all those sources
I could of swore when i bought a graphics card 5 years ago the top of the line cards cost around $300. Is it even worth $850 for price/performance?
4he plays hatred
6You fucking wish
6no, dGPU's are, if anything.
indians in charge of making shit upits a nation of habitual liars.
3Are you a special kind of retarded? Hawaii XT/PRO are the rebrands, hence the fucking reused arch name.Fiji PRO is probably the 4GB $599 version with a 8GB dual interposer version coming around the $850 mark they initially rumored.2enjoy your $750 for a 960 rebrand in 2017.
2So this is the power of Nvidia marketing, impressive.
9expecting amd to confirm their flagship card is slower than the competitorslol
6Sometimes. 290x is really all you need and is hella cheap.
4Dual 980s can't hit 60, even on non-ultra 1080p settings
9If this is true what would you expect AMD to say?Yes, our much-vaunted HBM flagship is indeed slower than both of NVIDIA's top cardsOh by the way, it also uses more powerpls buy
AMD dies outNvidia and Intel gain a monopoly over the market$600 for rebranded GTX 960, $700 for 5% improvement over last Intel CPU genEvery game runs like shit thanks to Nvidia Gameworksthis is the future you people chose
6consoles keep them afloat. at least i hope so, not that i'll ever buy an AMD card but they are the only one that keep fucking nividia in check. A monopoly will be the end for my wallet.
6unless you have a 4k monitor, 144 Hz monitor, or both, no. The 750ti can run any game on high settings rendered in 1080p@60 FPS. You'll get the occasional shitty game that you need to play on medium, but that's about it.No real reason to spend that much on a GPU unless you just NEED to play on ultra or have more money than common sense.
6can run every game on highexcept when it can't!but if my low-tier hardware can't run a game I want, then the game is shit
15expecting some currynigger to be a realiable benchmark sourceOf course AMD won't confirm that if it was true, but I was refering to memory and price which is all rumors for now
Are AMD GPUs really that bad?I've been using a 7870 for years now, no issues ever since I put it inside my PC.
4if a game sint optimised it wouldnt matter even if you have the best rigwhy people still dont understand that?
4they're completely fine
tfw upgraded from 980 to 980ti on the last possible day for me for $90EVGA's step up program is absolutely based
9hotdumbasshotdumbasskill me
6750ti is magic and can run every game on high!besides the games that it cant!i fucking hate this meme
2I want nVidya to have a monopoly on GPU'sAnon, you can't be this stupid.
4Like for nvidia they alternate between shit generations and good ones, Imo the R9 cards did fine while the previous line did very well, next one looks like it's gonna be from meh-tier to shit.
4They aren't bad, in fact they are pretty good hardware-wise. Problem is the software side is pretty weak and they refuse to admit it.
2How is their software pretty weak?Please don't say drivers because that's an outdated meme and only applies to Linux today.
2AMD is still fine tuning their driversHAHAHAHAHOLY SHITSEE YOU IN A YEAR WHEN AMD RELEASE OMEGA 2.0, DRONES.
7THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING
1kek
I just want a new AMD card to upgrade to. Oh well guess I can stick with my 280x.
/v/ falling for clickbait againYou faggots could at least pretend to be interested and check their goddamn sources."The cards also can't run in their current form, as no BIOS is present. It can therefore only be switched on, but no image will appear on a screen."
Why would you need anything more then a 970 right now? Witcher 3 runs at a solid 50-60 fps with everything maxed.I can't imagine games are going to get that much more demanding in the next 5 years.
7we choose?so we should buy worse products JUST TO keep a company alive? but umm yea I dont know
7buying the inferior product helps the market!No.
4Reference cards might as well be prototypes. I pitty the fools who buy them
12you summer kids just don't understand
4that buying the inferior product helps the market!ok
4Well if you care here, you obviously care about all the products you buy. So do you like research all the companies that deliver a certain product in a supermarket and only buy the one with the smallest marketshare? I mean if you care about it here, you should care about it when grocery shopping as well.

1244Coherency is NOT the main objective here.
2290/x are the best cards at the moment, though
4Why would you go on the internet just to lie?
6I could of sworeWhat?
0AMD is so out of touch with the market that they're pretty much allowing Intel and Nvidia monopolies with their respected marketsyup
8"could have"
own nvidia cardscannot stand nvidia fanboysI can't be the only one that feels this way.
8It's also supported by no games which makes it shit performance wise.
4they're good price/performance cards if you're budget mindedthe best cards on the market are the 980ti and Titan
2So that AMD can make even shittier products? Yeah, no thanks. Samsung is the most shit electronics company I can think of.
1Bitcoin benchmarksNeat.
4How's those Witcher 3 drivers treating you? Are they even out yet?
2are you retarded or just pretending?
7Samsung is the most shit electronics company I can think of.You do not know many electronics companies then.
3I'm the reverse, owning AMD. The cringey, "fight the man" arguments are the worst.
2 I mean if you care about it here, you should care about it when grocery shopping as well.No, because there are shit-ton of companies doing groceries so there's no risk of a monopoly. With tech you should do this kind of research if you don't want to get shit tech in the future.
3They came out last week. There's even a mod that improves performance further without any visual impact.
3They released witcher 3 drivers a week ago. I'm honestly curious if its nvidia shitposting or the fact that all of AMD drivers are just listed as beta.
6they are the best price/performance which is the main metric by which you judge consumer products, especially something like graphics cards
4Worse compatibility with games, less features, features that are there are worse than nvidia equivalents, worse support for outdated cards, such shit.
5This is the part where you desperately try to convince everyone that synthetic benchmarks are equal to real-world gaming performance.
9No, because there are shit-ton of companies doing groceries so there's no risk of a monopoly.How do you know if you haven't done the research? I'm just gonna blame you when the only product we have in supermarkets are coca cola a few years from now because you didn't do the research.
9synthetic benchmarks don't count when Nvidia loses!
5Neat gonna download it.
3Name a worse one. That isn't out of business or at a point of complete irrelevance.
5Synthetic benchmarks don't matter period.
0So much wrong in one post, but as expected from brainwashed Nvidia consumers.
5synthetic benchmarks don't count I agree.
7I'm not saying they're reliable, all I'm saying is that if this WERE true, AMD wouldn't confirm it anyway.
4It goes without saying that blind loyalty is bad either way. I wouldn't expect the underage fags on /v/ to understand that though.
6You're wrong but I'm not going to bother telling why you're wrong so I'll just call you brainwashedTypical fanboy.
7Oh I see, don't they have like new APUs for laptops and HBM technologies for new GPUs? How's that going for them?
2You know, there is already threads on /g/ for this, the board it was made for. Get out shill and use the right boards next time instead of trying to post your shit elsewhere.
6Perhaps you should attempt to counter his arguments, drone.You can't though because he's absolutely right.
3If you bothered doing the research yourself, you'll see why but I can see already that you don't so you just want to be spoonfed by marketing and what the /v/ hivemind says.
3Same, It's really shitty tho
9It goes without saying that blind loyalty is bad either way.This, all those morons need to learn to buy shit that offers the best performance/cost for what you want to do.
7went from a 780 to 980.feels good. card has been great for me since turkey day last eyar
6980tiIt is the best right nowTitanHell no, those are just overpriced prototypes that nvidia sells to retards290/x are the best price performance for 1080/1440, for more than 60 fps or 4K without SLI/Xfire the 980ti makes more sense, the 980 now sits at was his original position really was, an overpirced non gimped 9707Of course, no company would do that
8foxconnhuawei
3It's common knowledge that AMD is the budget option in CPU and GPU hardware. You don't really need to research extensively to know this. Even the market data shows this. If AMD wasn't the budget option, then they'd have Nvidia's current market share because they're priced cheaper than Nvidia.You get what you pay for, drone.
PLACE YOUR BETS, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
78You do realize that every single electronic device out there probably has some part made by samsung right?
tfw just bought a 980ti
3I did research myself, which is how I came upon that conclusion you fucking retard.Am I supposed to research by buying AMD cards or something? I'm not made of money.
9He said best cards, and there's no denying the Titan X is the best single GPU on the market. He didn't mention price.
Buying a card without DX12 support
0your post gave me so much cancer that it hurts.no wonder corporations love dumb shills like you.
3samebut anyone who actually think amd is better, are morons. Only thing they have going is being cheap.
AMD is the budget choiceI love this meme
6multi-GPU spec in one cardHigh-endkek
1With Huawei you get what you pay for and Foxconn is one of the biggest OEMs in the world. How are these companies worse? They are about as inoffensive as you can get.Foxconn makes products for pretty much everyone, including Apple which I'm told are the most premium products money can buy.
7You know I'm right, which is why you've provided no counter-argument. Epic shitpost though, kiddo.
6AMD's Fury cards come with AIO WatercoolerThey're most likely in single GPUWhy is AMD sticking to housefires?
9they stopped holding nvidia in check the moment nvidia dared to release a single chip gaming card for $1000
5
6I know that you're retarded, that's for sure.I'm out of here, /v/ has become too much of /b/ for me.
6Duct taping two GPUs togetherNot budget
0Yes. And no, not every single electronic device. Only memory flash/RAM is commonly from Samsung and memory is not present in all electronic devices. And how does that make them less shitty? They sell cheap memory. Sure.
AMD IS FUCKING FINISHEDGood. Those cocksuckers sold out, and now supply the nextgen scammers with chips for their shitboxes. The assholes doomed us to another 10 years of gaming being held back. Fuck those AMD sons of bitches.
5Thanks for proving me right, kiddo. Say hello to Tweaktown for me.
5He didn't say anything wrong, but it mostly depends on budget and purpose of the build
2Fiji is $850, 4GB, and is slower than a 980tiFiji is $550, 8GB and 30% faster than a titan xFiji is the 390xFiji is AMD's titanRumorsRumorsRumorsRumorsI'm sick of hearing some new bullshit article about Fiji every god damn day. Wait until actual specs are out you autists.
2wccftecha rumor mill is not a valid source
/g/48292834
6multi-GPUpenn.jpgDidn't it also release for twice of what it is right now?
7they're the most credible source in India
5India
6Do you also love the lack of proper CF support?Because I sure as fuck don't.
8Not really. this seems to be some sort of a group thought spread by people who have never used AMD cards.
2We buying HD5850's and GTX460 space heaters?Because everything this gen and last can do DX12 unless they get deliberately gimped, to promote latest series.tfw can't trust nvidia to not gimp the 980ti once the 1080 landsbut 1st gen HBM will probably have issues
5yeah, theyre a credible source of curry.
0first known issue is that it's going to be $600+ with only 4GB vram
7Well, games either don't run gameworks and AMD does just as well as Nvidia, or it run gameworks and AMD takes a performance hit. So currently you could say AMD has 'less support' but only because of Nvidia
2beating a dead gpu manufacturer
2videogames
6weak bait/10
5Last I checked, AMD cards ran Hairworks in Witcher 3 better than Nvidia after a small tweak.
5Except because this is the PC market and not consoles people have already made mods to fix some of Gameworks problems on AMD GPU's.
50I said 'less support' because that person said game support which I assume he meant game devs. I'm just trying to be neutralBeing neutral in an Nvidia vs AMD thread
0I'm not attacking you I'm just saying. That's the strength of the PC market. Its user base and there ingenuity.
5That's not running hair works better, that's forcing lower tessellation setting, eg graphical quality. Nothing wrong with that since the visual difference isn't a big deal until you drop below 16x, but it is what it is.
2DX12 is just an optimized DX11.1It runs on all GPUs supporting DX11.1
It's totally okay to prefer Nvidia cards, but those of you who are hoping AMD goes out of business are straight up retarded.Enjoy your overpriced low-quality garbage as soon as Nvidia has a total monopoly.
5Got a chuckle out of me.
6there's hardly a visual difference between 8x to 16x
5A small tweak, sure, what you actually mean is you're reducing tessellation and getting a worse-looking end result. It's not just a tweak for HairWorks either, it's for the entire game, though in TW3 tessellation doesn't seem to be used for too much else so you won't notice it.
2TW3 literally doesn't use tessellation for anything but hairworks.Not even for character models, which desperately need it.
3Enjoy your overpriced low-quality garbage as soon as Nvidia has a total monopolyNah, just forced to upgrade every other year as the drivers 'optimize' so that a 2017 X60 out performs the 2016 X80
3We already have overpriced low quality garbage.
3As a 980 owner, I really want AMD to BTFO Nvidia soon, cause Im still salty about paying $600 for a 1440p card.
2015still using a PCWhy don't you switch to consoles? You don't have to spend as much money and get the same experience
8I think it uses it for water effects too, but you won't see a difference. AMD is still pretty bad in TW3 though. I doubt a real fix will come out soon unless CDPR does something themselves in a patch.CF in TW3 is still broken:shadow flickeringpuddles flickeringreflections on water surfaces brokendynamic water effects broken waves caused by boats, Geralt, signs, etc.
0same experienceYou mean I can use a keyboard and mouse while playing online games without extra fees and running everything at 1080p 60fps?
0480p15fps quality bait right hereNot much different than consoles
2They fixed CF with the latest beta driver, runs great here on my 270x crossfire.
0I have a console and the experience is different. Load times are mind numbingly long for starters.The console is also noisy as fuck.
8/v/ is getting BTFO
9early access video cardit's happening
4That's with the latest beta driver, 15.5. I'm running 290X CF. I'm really disappointed in support from AMD this time around.You will encounter all those issues in different areas of the game. They don't always happen and not all at once, but they're there.
0consolessilky smooth 25fpsdraw distance 10 meters144p youtube quality
6They won't. The 300 series is a disaster
6Show your catalyst control panel software info tab
1First of all, online doesn't even cost that much. You're still paying less for a console than buying or building a PC that will inevitably become outdated in two years.Secondly why is everything about muh framrate
4
6AMD lost the war years ago.The 390x or whatever is already confirmed to get fucked by the 980TI, so why even bother.
1Oh shit I forgot it is already out. Cause you know, it being out and all tells us exactly how shit it is, right?
, 
Crackdown 3Halo 5Forza 6Gears of War 4Why do people keep saying that Microsoft will have a good E3?Spoiler: It's gonna be a bunch of sequel dudebro shit and multiplats
Crackdown and Halo are fantastic games though.
All they have to do is confirm Reach on the MCC and I'll say they won
Where have you seen people saying it's going to be good?Spoiler: Nowhere.
414 year old spotted
I think it's going to be a good year for them even though I don't care about any of that shit. I'm not much of a Rarefag either.
9Mostly shill threads on /v/Thankfully, NeoGAF takes none of that bullshit and quickly shuts down Microsoft marketers.
4
4
Its fairly obvious MS are gonna dominate this E3. No amount of platfprm bias will change the fact they actually have games.Its that fucking simple.
5
8Spoiler: It's gonna be a bunch of sequel dudebro shit and multiplatsBut anon, that's not PlayStation's conference.
8Hope and desperation. Don't forget:Hey look! Rare! Rare is totally still relevant!What a joke.
Microsoft will probably win.Crackdown alone is gonna blow the stage.
4
4
Those are all better than weeb shit sony has or shovelware like mario maker.Also BK3, which has been seen by Playtonic and they love it as well as having original DK lead dev, and Scalebound, and any other surprise.Xbox already won E3
83575samefag.
Mcc burned me extra toasty. How much can I sell an uno on eBay for?
8Halo will probably be good, easily a console seller if you're a fan of seriousGears will possibly be the only other IP worth shit, but that games dies in a week
8Don't forget about Rare and Tomb Raider, which is rumored to be an exclusive now..not just a timed one.Also a slim Xbox One and or price drop will be happening. Sounds like a decent conference to me.
8
2GearsDies in a weekNigga what? Aside from maybe Judgment, gears has a loyal and populated online space. Gears 3 especially lasted a long time and is still popular on the 360.
You know what would make a really good announcement? Price cut in XBL or somehow make online free.I think a good way to go about it is you can play online free if one of your friends is playing a game online you have but you dont have gold or whatever. Theres still incentive to buy the subscription since Gold is one of the main moneymakers for MS but also helps the consumer a little.And with W10 Xbone games not requiring gold subscriptions, they have to find a middle ground to appeal to console users if the PC counterparts dont have to pay a yearly fee
8Better than what sony will have you pathetic sonycuck
1There's no way it can be free, don't even think about it.And there's more chance for HL3 to be shown this year than a price cut.
7Obviously, but like I said, really specific loopholes or price cut would still be just as good of an annoucement
4All they have to do is to bring exclusivities, that's what is going to sell the console and that's their plan this year.If Call of Duty Black Ops III is the first game shown at the xbox show like last year, you know it's fucked.
1And with W10 Xbone games not requiring gold subscriptionsYou still require an Xbone and a XBL Gold subscription in order to play W10 Xbone games online.class="quote"see 3
Sony says games are gonna be sparse this yearMS says we have a lot of games in storeIn that fact alone its obvious who wins that one. Nintendo has a different audience that it does cater to well during conferences, too bad they neglect their biggest fanboys in favor of kids. Bethesda games are bug ridden messes and I give no shits what happens there. PC conference will hopefully not be a big nvidia shillfest, although more metal gear footage for PC would be awesome.
because those are good games and you forgot about scalebound
2Kek
New gameplay never saw yet that is going to be shown this year :- Crackdown- Scalebound- Gears of WarProbably one or two more exclusivities, maybe one new IP.That's all i'm hyped about. If they bring more that could be the best E3 they from the past 7 years.
1Blops 3 is the sony opener this year, along with mountain dewritos advertising for sony instead of xbox.7But i mean for the cross-play games like Fable legends and highly rumored any time now KI. The PC players wont need XBL or xbone.
I just want them to confirm phantom dust reboot is still in development. That game was the best impulse buy I ever made
5complains about weeb shitposts an anime reaction image
8anime = weebOnly a summerfag would deal in absolutes
7No shit, Fable Legends is F2P.Not on the Xbone though, they still slap them behind the paywall, hahahhahaha
8
9KI is F2P :^
7applauding sonygaf for being a sonygger echo chamber
2Great bait bro.Making up a rumorPrice drop/slim xboxActing passive and aloofBeing this obvious of a shillGo away faggot.
7Good goy! Make sure to donate to the Savage Land kickstarter brought to you by the Associate Producer Coffee boy of Turok 2008 and Neogaf Administrator too!
0/v/ was already up in arms about Kamiya making an xbox on exclusive last year, cant wait to see how mad they will be this year
5Do you need XBLG to play KI online? I thought F2P games don't need a subscription. Or is that only on the PS4
Minecraft 2Just think about it. It would sell like sliced bread and the Youtube community alone would go batshit insane.
2Platinum shovelwareOutside of /v/Will probably sell 400k units. Even Bayo 2 sold under 700k
6I'm pretty sure you do.3Perfect. W10 and Xbone crossplay
8Wow, the 3 xbots on /v/ keep getting more vocal.Reminder that dudebros don't belong here.
6doesn't mean its a bad game
6sales are indicative of quality
6Bayo 2 is not even 1 year old.700k is pretty great.
5dudebros are on the ps4 now
5class="quote"According to a new image on Reddit, a user has spotted a Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 packaging for a Mountain Dew bottle. The bottle is the Berry Lime Flavor, which has been exclusive to Call of Duty promotions in the past.Currently, visiting the website listed on the bottle – dewanddoritos.com – takes you to their promotion page, which is for PS4’s Warframe title right now. However, the tag line for the website is, “All year long, DEW® and DORITOS® are teaming up with PlayStation® to bring you closer to greatness with rewards for your favorite games.”The most notable part of that tagline is the partnership with PlayStation, which may hint that Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 may be partnered with Sony for marketing this year; Activision has not confirmed which system or if any system will be getting DLC first for Call of Duty: Black Ops 3.
8What about Madden, bro?
2why, it is indeed summer my friend!
3no gameplay shown/v/ is fucking furiousgameplay will probably be shown this timeI'm scared, Anon.
3typical xbot dudebro
5Not yet. Unless you're referring to the gimped version with one rotating character.
4Crackdown was great. Crackdown 2 was utter shit and killed the series for a lot of people.
5sonyggers mad they share space with dudebrosNo sony, you are the dudebros
4RIP weeb games
0Falling for MS hype after all these years.
8Forza 6 Forza 5 was a huge step backwards compared to 4. Horizon games are alright but their hipster music bullshit motif always agitated me
95 was rushed though. 6 should be what 5 should've been and much more
9Nigger these are predictions, and going off of last year's E3 and all of these announcements, MS looks pretty good compared to Sony right now.
0the only thing i care about from bethesda is Doom 4. Fallout 4 isnt made by Obsidian so its automatically shit. Might be interested in Dishonored 2
Did You Know Gaming is now sharing their channel with Game Theory
, 
2 rabid dogsbattle music playsLAY-LUH LAYYYY LA-LAY LYUH LAYY LAYUH LA LAH LA LAY LA-LAYYY LA-LAYY YUH
I wish we got a Witcher movie with based MadsLiterally perfect for the role
was playing GTAO a lot before TW3 came outstart playing TW3E is mountkeep fucking pressing F to mount instead because muscle memorydozens of apples wasted
8mfw watching this film
8Kirk Lazarus starring as: GERALT OF RIVIA
2That's fine though.I have food out my ass in that game
that FUCKING musicwhat the FUCK were they thinkingfucking retarded FUCKS
, 
Ctrl or C?
esdf + z
Ctrl
0utter shite hipster faggotry
0try it, sheep
2Ctrl for holdC for toggle
First Person Shooter?COtherwise?Ctrl
Ctrl.I basically default to the control scheme of Half Life. Seventeen years later it still works.
5You have that totally backwards, my friend. 1This is the best option.
spacemwheeldown for jump
Ctrl if holdC if toggle
Shift
5star pls
Why ever using ctrl holy shitI always hit the windows key and go back to desktop WOOOOOOOOOOOW
2Ctrl but I sometimes used Alt especially if there's a prone/low crouch
7DSP WE ALREADY TOLD YOU YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED HERE.
7Not turning on gaming mode where it disables the windows key. Do you even keyboard?
5This.
Arrow keys for movementRight ctrl for crouch, doesn't matter if toggle or hold
Previous Thread: 8Include full names and what series your characters are fromCompile multiple images into one or link to a gallery for additional referencesTry not to bump requestsNo shitpostingKeep it vidyaIf a post breaks the rules, DO report and hide it. DON'T respond to it.Have fun!Post your art to the booru for anons to find later in case they miss a delivery or if it is NSFW:to learn how to draw or improve your drawing skills? Visit the /ic/ sticky:/ic/1579290NSFW Deliveries should be posted in/i/441515Drawing Books:
First for AshleyI love you Ashley, I love you I love you I love you
5Where all the thirsty niggas at?
Requesting Elpizo getting wrecked in a swordfight with Harpuia
4crossthreading early on because I misjudged how long the thread had left.
I remember a couple threads ago that someone was working on a Mai Shiranui Mermaid pic and possibly a lamia version of another KoF girl. How's that coming along?
Requesting Ryoubi and Ryouna licking each other’s bellybuttons in a 69 position in their swimsuits, Ryouna’s breasts pushing against Ryoubi’s DFC.
8I liked the second one, btw.Art looks familliar, Mejic?
7Again, thank you very much for the picture.
Requesting something cute or sexy with Hinoka. Maybe with an off-screen or faceless guy running his hands through the back of her hair.
Requesting a cute pic of Kaoru from the Rance series with a short bob haircut.
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing.A pole like this would work nicely.
6Yeah. both images will have an alt version.
not using that zelda picWowwe
Requesting Link reaching for a hug from the viewerAdult preferred, although toon/young link is fine too
Am bored, and have a few minutes of my life to waste. Will draw nintendo related stuff, just ask for it.
1Daisy throwing a wiimote through a tv screen
7furiously or by accident?
1Link walking in on Cia's stalker cave.
requesting you guys to draw something for your favorite requester
9I think on accident would be funnier
7All requesters are faggots
1Midna sitting on true Midna's head.
5In her underwear
Requesting Shimakaze in an open trenchcoat so we can still see her normal clothing underneath and a fedora, which she is tipping. The same for the little robot.
7But requesters are always anonymous, that doesn't make any sense. If I wanted to draw for them, I would draw their requests!
1Samus sitting on a couch, watching TV with baby metroid.
5tfw you arrive at the start of the draw thread for once.tfw the OP isn't stamped with the dumb text.tfw metaknight looks all cute and bashful.Just being here has put me in a good mood. Can't wait to draw some stuff.
7If I drew for Marielx, I would be considered a shitposter.
6Seriously contemplated drawing extreme porn of his waifu, not sure what the reception would be from both him and the thread though.
Requesting Camilla comforting female Kamui from behind and running her hands down Kamui creamy exposed thighs.
2Marielx has stated that he doesn't care much for porn of his character, but he'll save it anyway.The thread would at first attempt to mock him. But after they realize he doesn't really care, the thread will turn bitter and angry that Marielx got something they didn't get.
75 there you go6I'm on it
5To me it would be funny, simply because he self inserts as this character.
7We could post stuff that has been delivered to us
Requesting Yuzuriha enjoying herself in Skullgirls' River King Casino by playing the slot machines.
1If it's funny getting a mild reaction, followed by nothing more out of him, then have fun.
8Wow that was fast, cute!
Requesting lewds of Hisoka please. Ass focus is always nice. If you want something specific, she is said to be a bit of a masochist and loves to test her endurance, so getting spanked or seeing how long she can ride a dick are nice.
1I'd rather not fill out an entire thread by myself.
Requesting Katt and Krystal in place of Callie and Marie, with the conversation having a meta joke overtone as Krystal knows she has more fans than Katt does. If you want, you can have em wear squid masks on their eyes.
will draw cute characters, ones shaped like a friend preferredkirby, pokemon, etc
6You could just link to the booruYou did upload all your deliveries to the booru, right?
1Alright, I'll check out the gallery in a while, then.
6The Dee using his spear for the Waddle-Copter
1I can safely say the reaction isn't worth it, we've done this several times on the flockmod.
Requesting fusion of Greenheart V2 form Neptunia V2, Nu13 BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger and Tyria Ar tonelico Qoga: Knell of Ar Cie.
Drawfag, if you're here I really want to thank you for this.
2I love her more
6Kirby sleeping on a pile of Noddys
Requesting anything Dark Souls related art Sitting by a bonfire, injured, ready to fight a boss etc. with my DS character wearing the Alva Set Without Helm and equipped with a greatsword and royal kite shield on her back.
6Inkay wearing a cute hat or something of that sort?
Requesting anything lewd of female Robin and Lucina
6there you goi'm out for now. May come back later.
373Aight I'm doing these.
5Good luck!
5Requesting them both being fucking ripped.
Maybe I draw something later tonight. Or later today. Or now, I dunno.Redesings, fusions or joke deliveries are appreciated, but feel free to request whatever you want.No lewds or porn, I'm not good at it yet and I want to avoid dissappointment.
5Thank you!
Cute, lewd, sexy anything really I want to see someone draw her.
Starman putting a video game character in a submission hold
0Could you try drawing Fi as a Murakumo unit?
4I don't see why not. I'll give it a try
0could you draw Dean and Gary drinking and smoking like bros
8Awesome.
Requesting Charlotte as a giantess pushing her boobs together on a little Kamui in-between them.
5Looking forward to seeing all of them!
3No, most of them are commissions or drawings from /b/.1one today, the other in a few days, as said.
0Could you draw this scene with Metallica  the with with shark teeth  and Visco replacing the characters from Sengoku Rance?
Requesting M.Bison having a blast riding a sled.
0I'd suggest a fusion but I've been struggling with those. Nothing clicks.
...Are you guys REALLY talking about me WHILE im not even in thread?Dammit people...
0Shizuka from the Rance series the girl on the left wearing the clothes of Sill the girl on the right. But keeping her boots.
Requesting Valentine from Skullgirls in/as a warframe.much a warframe designed after Valentine is what I'm getting at.Alternatively, seeing your own favorite characters as warframes would be neat too.So, feel free to pick your poison.
Requesting POV of Orochi's fat ass bouncing up and down on a thick penis.
2Sorta
Requesting Red left using her dragon to tie up Nepgear right with Red saying something like 'Now I have you all to myself!"
This is pretty awesome anon thank you.
7not squidnessAlso is that paint or peanut butter
7Awesome.
1Anytime!And as I said, as if you need my approval: feel free to rerequest
5How about Horny, el Presidente and Maximilian?
3It's paintDarker oranges look peanut buttery 8Thanks
5tfw Fran isn't vidya
6requesting fran becoming vidya
Taking funny dark souls requests.i havent playedbloodborne and demons so preferably just dark souls 1/2
2Didn't you get this already?
Wanted to thank the colorfag for this. I just got back in business after my other computer had a Hard Drive failure, so I only now caught on the threads I missed.
Requesting the pic on the left, but with the Mario Characters replaced by the Mavericks from the original MMX. I hope some artist will be willing to take my request.
9requesting ornstein and smough watching a movie
3Just as jokes because Nep triggers autism in some people.
7I want to do thisdoing another request nowFUCK
6TH, there is no rush or obligation, but maybe later if you're still feeling like it, I'd certainly appreciate it if you did.
Any requests for MS paint shenanigans?
8I guess, it's just that I love drawing for Drawthreads but I have schoolwork to do and it's something I want to forget.I want to draw in here all day.
Any cool/radical/epic requests?
7There's a time and place for both nigga, you gotta get that work done, but you can't just do work, as you'll become exhausted and bitter. Just work on the request and then do some schoolwork for a bit and then go back to it, it's pretty ez.No reason to stress yourself out over it.
5
0Can you draw this Zelda Boss, Tentalus, as if it were actually a terrifying sea monster?Alternatively, make it a cute girl.
9Her with radical sunglasses.
0other reference.
1I laughed.PSYCHO SLED~
Anything with Opposite Senshi from Sailor Moon: Another Story, pretty please?Or any scene from Sailor Moon VN on PC-Engine if anyone here played that, I haven't seen any fanart of Past Wiseman or Senshi Shitennou co-operation from that gameI guess it's video games related?
1M. Bison found happiness that day thanks to a sled....there were no survivors.
WhatSteam Summer Sale this week?
The summer sales is 11 of june, the game is already on sales at 80%.btw, what should I buy? I only have money for one DLC.
4Buy the game and big band, fuck squigly
4Big Band  squiglyAlthough ranking all the dlc characters it would beBeowulf  Big Band  elizabeth  squiglyBeowulf is still free so just get big band
22I already own the game, Elza and Beowulf, the only DLCs I don't have are Big Band, Squigly and the color palete.But I think that I'll buy big band.
9Big band is a good choiceAlso, should I buy Oddworld now or is it going to be cheaper on the sales? It happened to me before, I bought a game for 50% a week before the sales, then it just got a 75% off.
4It's at it's lowest at this point so I doubt that it's going to get cheaper in the summer sale.
7Thanks, maybe I'll get stranger's wrath and wait to new 'n' tasty getting a lower price.
9If you don't already have the other oddworld games I recommend just getting the oddbox since it's basicly 50% more expensive than just stranger's wrath but you get three more games in it
, 
Anything good on the wiiu eshop? Heard praise for shantae but felt lukewarm about what I played of Risky's revenge. Any good exclusives?
The eshop is a big part of why I always laughed at the 'WiiU has no games' meme. Seriously, there's a lot of high quality content on there. Shantae is great, you should start with that if you're interested.
, 
Anon and I were speaking about this, but what does /v/ think?
2no
It has about 5 or 6 hours of solid gameplay.From then on it becomes a Drauger-killing simulator where you open the map, fast travel, kill, loot, repeat.There are a few quests worth your time, but you're like at about 15 hours of unique content that isn't repetitive in nature.
Consider the things it had going for it: huge budget, long development time, veteran developers experienced in games of its type, all previous games to learn from, all other games released it to learn from, even an active modding community to learn and hire talent from. When you put it into proper perspective like that, even the apparent production value is ABYSMAL.And even when looked at independently, almost every component of the game is crap. Casuals might prefer a low-skill combat system, for example, so we can even make a concession of accepting that as a valid design goal - it's still completely weightless etc. Bethesda even had the authors of Dark Messiah working on the game for fuck's sake. Even the things that rely on production value more so than anything else, like graphics, are shit. And let's not even think about the quality of the actual content quests, dungeons and so forth.It might not be Dragon Age 2 tier which, I'd argue, is at the line of unavoidable quality, a level that professional developers simply couldn't have gone under without actively trying to ruin the game, but it's still fucking appalling, FAR worse than it, by all accounts, could and should have been like. If you like it for whatever reason then good for you, but that doesn't change anything. If it was actually well-made, you'd like it even better.
Worse than its predecessors in every way aside from graphics and set pieces. Gives a VERY good first impression, then you realize it's shallow as fuck.
9all previous games to learn from, all other games released it to learn fromShould beall previous TES games to learn from, all other games released before it to learn from
2Skyrim, was itanything but shit? hell no!
I'm always kind of torn in the Skyrim debate. It was a great way to suck in casuals, and that's why it sold so fucking well.But it just felt lackluster compared to morrowind and oblivion. The guild quests were all a let down, and to top it all almost every sidequest was "Hey dragonborne, I need you to go save my [item] from this cave, hope you're not tired of fighting draugr, spiders, or bandits yet." There just wasn't enough variety. What they did, they did well; but given the budget and past games they could have done so much more with it, and that's what really stings about the game.
/g/ hereI am getting ready for skyrim againgot some mods got perkus maximus as the main overhaul modand of course quite a few from top 50 mods on nexusAnything you can recommend?
9Gives a VERY good first impression, then you realize it's shallow as fuck.I've payed morrowind until level 20 something.Beat Oblivion.Beat skyrim.What makes skyrim so "shallow"?I'll admit the environments and atmosphere are lacking in skyrim and oblivion compared to morrowind, but that's about it to me.
0Gutted the character development system, spell effects, removed spellcrafting, which resulted in less player freedom to make outrageous character builds. Quests, which were the single greatest strength of Oblivion, were reduced to "go kill thing in Draugr ruin" or "go find thing in Draugr ruin". There were a couple more involved and interesting ones mostly the Daedric quests, but the writing and characters were just weak as hell. Quests are incredibly important to an RPG, and Skyrim's did not deliver. Combat was a joke compared to even Oblivion. Dodge rolling was removed, and you can't even attack in the air or underwater anymore. Speaking of underwater, there is literally nothing to explore in the waters of Skyrim. Oblivion and Morrowind had lots of that, and dungeons involving lots of diving. 2and of course quite a few from top 50 mods on nexusI hope this is satire. Popular =/= goodGo to /vg/ and find the TES generalwww.tesgeneral.com/
Why I love skyrimwith frostfall and realistic needs and diseasess, the world out there feels like you belong there, yet its harsh and unforgiving.But it does not feel like gta, borderlands or many other sandbox games, where I feel exposed or bored, like I am here doing this shit and better pack and go home when I am done or it feels like its empty. The size is great, large enough but not boring enough. Skyrim is the game that did the open world right, yet fuck it up in many other aspects, magic, unique/rare drop system, interesting perks, variety in enemies and their behavriour, scaling,...
2the world out there feels like you belong thereHave you been diagnosed with autism perchance?Because Skyrim is literally most unimmersive shit ever.
2Bethesda has never made a good game. Skyrim was no exception.
2holy fuck turn that bloom down, that's washed out as hell
0I hope this is satire. Popular =/= goodkneejerk reaction I hope, or you are just retardedpopular in skyrim mods most of the time means one of the best or the best in the category
3no.The top Nexus mods are popular because they are popular. Because people sort by most popular and then continue to download the most popular mods. It's a cycle. There are obvious exceptions for things like SkyUI and the patches, etc. But if it's a gameplay mod or a texture or something, popularity doesn't mean shit.www.tesgeneral.com/Save yourself the future trouble and do a bit of reading. Just trying to help.
Skyrim was ok.There were only 2 good quest chains that standout, and that was getting all the labyrinthian masks, and getting the aetherium crest
0Walk into Skyrim's Mage College2 hours later I am ArchMageWalk into Oblivion's Mage's Guild2 hours later I am ArchMage
5Oblivion took a much bigger time investment, because to be able to even enter the main mages hub in the imperial city, you had to get a commendation from every other cities mages guild, which wasn't just a slog through a linear dragur cave.
5Talk to a bunch of people2 hours later go to Mages Guilddo 3 or so questsbe arch mage
7Using fast travellmao
7Are you implying that all the commendations were just "talk to someone, get commendation"? Cause that's wrong as fuck. The quests had some decent variety. Much better thanChain of quests dungeon questsEither hack through draugr, or hack through dwarven botsLiterally dont even have to be able to cast magic to become archmage
Literal perfection, holy shit.tfw not enough intelligence and perception to complete her dialoguesFuck me
The only girl in that game I remember is the lesbian monk with the power fist.
8shes a lesbian as well
8This is her former lover
dead money is shit, its worse than anything in fo3
0pls no
Figures you'd like a woman that can't talk back
He's my crew in fallout TTWBooneJericoCharonButchSargent RL-3All using high desert tactical gears and modern area weapons.Yall fagget. Go back chugging your lgbt pride and sjw baby shit out of here. It has no place in my apocalyptic setting.
5but i want to fix her
This is the only good character in new vegas for 1 reason:She doesn't talk for most of the dlc.
8Am I the only one noticing her boobs are fucking huge
3I noticed too anon. When she popped out of that autodoc I knew in my heart that she was the waifu for me.
5high desert tactical gears and modern area weaponsI threw up in my mouth a little
mfw 10 luckwin 4000 caps in the atomic wrangler in a few minutescan't gamble anymoreWill i be able to gamble later or am i banned for playing forever?
7Forever. Learn to love Caravan to get your gambling fix.
7you can get like 10k caps from each casino on the strip
6Till you get banned from those, too.
3Veronica loves big tits.
3Wasteland doctor fatigues makes them look bigger for everyone.
4Yes, because new vegas didnt introduced tons of modern shit anywaymuh loreFuck off, fun allowed, there nothing better than sargent Rl-3 going "Another glorious day in this man's army!" when you're wandering the place with your little team of tacticool misfits. But the smells of your own farts that you enjoy so much is getting in the way. You cunt.
8Gotta stuff your cotton balls and gauze somewhere.
8She does all kinds of cute stuff if you can pass all her checks even if you play as a man.
8i think a huge portion of her personality was lost when she got a voice.
6I agree.
7Use a mod that lets you play forever
I have been playing 3 and NV for years and i still don't understand how hacking works.I just hack based on luck and trying several times.Any tips?
8you need to try one word, then it is going to tell you how many letters from that words are correct like 3/7 or 1/5 etcthe goal is to guess wich word on the screen has all the correct letters in it. But you can just open and close the screen and punch anything until you get it. It's not that long.
1Yeah i thought that, but sometimes for example i get.MakesTakesIf i take "Makes" it says 4/5You would assume the right letters are "akes"Then you choose "Takes" and it says 3/5Do the matches mean the letters are in the corrects place or just that the keyword has those letters in it?
2Just that the keyword has those letters in it, it's the tricky part indeed.
7I see, well thanks.
7that's not true at allpassword: exampleTrample 5/7Samples 0/7shit isn't even hard
8lesbianwith power fist
8You can also get rid of incorrect choices and replenish 'lives' by clicking on enclosed symbols such as  or [] or {}E.g. Clicking on $&@$&&@&@ or [^^***^***] or #%%##
8Fucking loved that character. Forgotten her name now, though. Didn't even consider her romantically until the very end, where the dialogue option "I'll come back for you" appeared. I could not click that option any quicker.I was so fucking pissed when she was just swept away when the DLC's story ended. There was no reason for her to stay in an old ruin, with nothing buy ghouls around. But apparently that was easier than making her a proper companion, I guess.
8Any good mods that let you take her back to mojave?
baldshort hair in general
9nigga you gay?
6hurr your gay for not liking male characteristics in women
9i hate difrent peple :
8Agreed OP, I expected her to be boring due to the whole mute thing, but she was actually pretty cool.
Harvest moon Seeds Of Memories Coming To Wii U and pc hnghhh. but will it be any good?
made by natsumegoodPick one
Natsumeonly if they learned from their last HMSo it'll be shit
1Yeah what this Anon said, its a shame really. It'd be cool to get an "actual" harvest moon game on PC without emulation. 
6Nintendo exclusive coming to PC You're shit up
6I haven't played Harvest Moon in years.Are the games still good?
shit
2no they're awful
I'll buy it. The last one they made was okay I had fun with it for a while, I'm just hoping they learn from the mistake of not having a village in this one.
6PiiULolPCconsidering the huge library available to the PC I doubt I'd play this over anything elseios and androidconvenient, literally the best option if you don't want to buy a console still stuck in the last generation.
4it's not actual harvest moonStory of Seasons kept the real team"Harvest Moon" is just some pile of shit for mobilesFuck everything. I was actually interested in HM/RF on PC.
4^_^
Harvest Moon by NatsumeEw, no
6Wii U, PC, iOS and Android~Unless they're 3 different games, no way it's going to be good.
NatsumeiOS and AndroidInto the trash it goes.
jesus christ whoever is in charge of their twitter is a tool
4Honestly if you're going to criticize at least do it with validity instead if making yourself look like an ass.
4someone used an emoticonOr cry yourself to sleep you big baby
1Probably just a German.
6NatsumeDropped harder than a bag of ice.Story of Seasons U when?rUne factory when?Pokemon X SoS when?
1It's a girl who handles their PR from. Ahe's from Hanover if I recall correctly, na,e is Elin something
6Harvest MoonPCHoly shit this is the best news I've heard in weeks. Fuck yeah I love Harvest Moon.
6I wish Natsume could be given the A-Train 9 PC rights in the west. A-Train 3D was godlike and the people handling A-Train 9 now are cocking it up.
still no story of seasons release for yurop announced
DON'T MIND ME JUST POSTING ONE OF THE BEST HM GAMES IN EXISTANCE
0Too bad this isn't Harvest Moon
1that's not wonderful life or mineral town
2not having a Gateway or just importing and using RegionFourExplain yourself.
Surprised a new BokuMono hasn't been announced yet. Story of Seasons was kind of disappointing though. And less said about the Natsume series the better.
2Honestly, what's so great about Mineral Town? I really liked its cooking and TV shows, but otherwise it seemed worse than some other HM games.
8Friends and Family play Harvest Moon.They tell me Story of Seasons is shit.The new Harvest Moon on 3DS is good.I don't know who to believe anymore.
6coming to PCyes!
1
00hyped for not-Harvest MoonWhere the fuck have you guys been the past year?
6Reminder that these games are no longer the actual Bokujo Monogatari games that you know. This is the same title but the actual game devs are continuing the real harvest moon under a new name in the west due to a switch of who has the rights and who has the right to the title itself.
0How? How can you possibly fuck-up cutesy farming with waifus?
0Rune factory U with dateable milfs
1how does this compare to a wonderful life?
6Another console exclusive being ported to pc
3being able to date the milfs in any HM/RF game, regardless of who makes itKeep dreaming, bub.
2I'm trying to get into Wonderful Life but my character keeps bitching about being hungry and I have no food. Think I'm just gonna keep playing Back to Nature. It's just more simple for me. Plus the cute Elli.
2Even though I probably invested the most time into Wonderful Life out of any of the games, it's one of the worst top-tier games since there's just nothing to do in it. Also a real shame that Magical Melody was probably the last good game in the series too. Everything from DS onwards got too distracted by gimmicks.
9Technically it's a handheld exclusive, and has been for the one previous game
1basic reading ability is needed to fully enjoy this game.;_;
9*handheld exclusive - and even then it had only one game
4Isn't it okay so long as these games actually play like Harvest Moon instead of that mineycrafta shit? Not that I have much faith into this one when it's coming to mobiles, but still.
0Then why do these fuckers always make the milfs the best girls?
23Natsume never made Harvest Moon games, they just localized the game and called it Harvest Moonwhich has a different name in japanese. Now that they can't localize games from that seriesXseed does it now they make their own basic games and use the "Harvest Moon" title since they own it.
4So that you're in a permanent state of blueballs and forced to settle for their inferior daughters or some other girl.
6Is it going to be like A Wonderful Life? Thats the only HM I played and I loved it.
2Natsume were fucking awful translators, editied out same-sex options and often somehow added in game breaking bugs, there's no reason to support them
4The game likely wont be anything special but why would it need to be 3 different games? All 3 games have control options that are basically the same and Harvest Moon has never been hardware intensive.
4do her training requests over and overshe starts coming to my house and stays there for hours every morningthat smiley never turned into a heart
harvest moon will never have a sex minigamewhy live
1no
1Harvest Moona Nintendo exclusiveu fookin wot m8
4That is bad!I thank you for informing me of this.
3It's overall better than AWL because it has-35 villagers-better fishing-better mining-better farming-can play as boy or girl-11 waifus/husbandos to choose from each-multiple HM character cameos-You don't die at the end and isn't depressing as fuck-game doesn't rush youMagical Melody was the last good Harvest Moon game made with love
6That's not a real HM. Fuck Natsume for this bullshit.
235 villagers22 people you can romanceyfw the other 13 are all hot milfs you can't romance
4I'm not really against console/PC ports, but WiiU is a really gimmicky console, so either it won't be using its own strange hardware to its potential being a PC port, or PC will get a game with terrible gimmicks or missing features that were intended for WiiU. And mobileshit coming to PC and other platforms is nothing to ever get excited over.Bet you'll be able to buy those seeds of memories with premium currency.
7but its coming to PC so it will
8More like 2 milfs and the rest are kids/old people
9germanwell that explains it.
6PCoh fuck yea-iOS, Android
1Good thing we still have Rune Factory
I don't understand, how is this not a real Harvest Moon? It's by Natsume isn't it? SNES, 64 was all Natsume.Or did that original team get gutted out or some shit? I haven't played HM since Magical Melody.
Wait, what Natsume's Harvest Moon looks like? Anyone have example?
4Then why do these fuckers always make the milfs the best girls?They don't. You just want them because you can't have them. If they were available, you'd toss them in the bin with the rest.
2Read the fucking thread. 4
1Aww yissThis and Back to Nature are GOAT
2We don't have any examples because they were just recently kicked out. Notice that Story of Seasons was the first "Harvest Moon" that didn't bear the name. Given that the game is on iOS and Android too, I'd fear for the worst.
0I wasn't impressed by the GC one, but BtN is the best version I've played.
My interest entirely depends on the art/graphic style. If it's retarded and too childish looking then I won't care about it.
0Notice that Story of Seasons was the first "Harvest Moon" that didn't bear the nameAre you referring The Lost Valley? Because i remember that's the one that didn't bear BokuMono name.
3I was referring to Story of Seasons, which just recently came out. Although you are right that Valley didn't have the name either. Regardless, Natsume has never made a Harvest Moon game yet; they only localized them.
I can understand Natsume being allowed to use the HM name, but how do they get away with making a cheap clone of the BokuMono series?
0Story of Seasons still bear the name
Not playing Harvest Moon: A wonderful 10 FPS
9Harvest Moontoo childishAnon I have some bad news.
8I wasn't impressed by the GC oneWhich one are you talking about?AWL or MM? because one is vastly superior to the other
2ps2 version allowed you to continue playing after you died at least
5Never played either version. Pls spoiler me
I enjoyed A New Beginning but the low FPS really ruins the experience.
4Hmm, maybe it was AWL. It was a while ago and I didn't play it for long. What makes MM so much better?
2
8I don't get what you're saying. Wii U's "gimmick" is a touchscreen and stylus. It's not actually a gimmick as its a standard feature these days to the point where cars and fridges feature one. All this would do is allow them to mimic the KB+M if needed and make for easy porting to tablet.Bet you'll be able to buy those seeds of memories with premium currency.Will be some kind of premium system, no doubt about that.
5The TwilightIn this chapter, the player and other villagers have aged. Some have died, and the player's son is now certain of his career, and can no longer be swayed. The game ends with the player's death and Takakura thinking to their father about how Forget-Me-Not Valley fares after the player's death.Heaven ChapterThe heaven chapter can only be played in Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life Special Edition. In this chapter, the player may play at any pace or chapter they wish. The player gets their wife and son back, along with your money, animals, and crops.such a happy game
PC, iOS, AndroidI bet it's made with Unity.
8Please Read21Go watch a youtube video or read this wiki listed below
6phonesno actual handheldshuh? Im guessing its just some facebook flash game then?
N64Back to the NatureFriends of Mineral TownTale of Two TownsDo something like that, and you got my money.
Waifu status: obtained
7I mean, the Wii U dev kit is Unity, so it's not like that's shocking or anything.
3Ellen truly is best girl.
, 
MEANWHILE IN CSI /v/
7ZOOM AND ENHANCE
When does this game get good?
When you WORK YA DAMN NAG
4The end is the only good part.If you're not a fan of the old west, just tank it through or give up.
4When you start playing
When it's played in 2010
4when it boots up you no-taste faggot overlord
All the missions are just following people on horses, or shooting canon fodder with the auto aim. 2/10
when john marston dies
7i used auto aimin a shooting gamei had to ride horsesin a western gameits a 2/10 game
6Name something else you do in the game that isn't a boring mini game or collect-a-thon
6Its a controllerYOU HAVE to use auto aimWhen it comes out on pc, it wont be necessary because you can just point and click
5HAVE to use auto aimtheres literally an option to disable auto aimsounds like someone is just butthurt that theres still no pc version. its ok friendo :^
they finally fixed that lighting glitchmassive performance improvements, I can even get ~80fps with 32 chunk render distance on my shitty laptopall these new world generation optionsTell me why new Minecraft is bad again?
55 years late
It's minecraft
5because lego worlds now exists
5because it killed indie game development by teaching conmen that the current generation has no impulse control and will drop millions for perpetually unfinished buggy generic pieces of shit
Reminder that ZUN has his priorities straight
0Full version when?
1Delayed until next year
0Fuck
0Maybe.The demo is really glitchy so expect the delay.
Who here loves mg mg?
SO HERE I AM
9Psychic Girl  Drowzee 2hu  Mg Mg  Shitty Rabbit
5Let me guess, this is related to Futo?
8Naturally.
tfw you kind of didnt like futo or her shitty meme/fanbasetfw utsuho gets one place higher than futofeels good man
What do you think of this new remix of flandre's theme?was posted on youtube literally yesterday.
I still don't understand the love for Futo. There's nothing special about her.
FuckStageFour
3You can say the same thing about every single touhou.
0yfw phantasm stage in LoLK
3She's an old-fashioned youkai hunter that makes dramatic poses and has a nice boat
9Strange and Bright Nature Deity CDYou are literally an idiot.
3Let Seiga explain you why Futo is so popular.
9Just go ahead and delete this post, Anonymous
3Doesn't understand the love for a memehuPosts a memehu
3What did you just say about my girlfriend, nerd?
3Meilinga memetouhouOther than "China", she doesn't have anything else.
5DOING EVERY THING I CANI need more Futos. The more arson the better.
3Dirty dumb chink scumGo swim back to the continent, nerd
0Having to delete a mistake when they can just pose as a different anon.Only tripfags suffer the consequences of their mistakes.
3I could say that about a certain 2hu too.
1
1August Comiket.
3JAOOOCHINA HIJACK LOL
3Her fans are the meme.
Is the supernatural border in PCB activated via score or graze?

7ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
Dark Taoism.
Does anybody feel like ZUNs music has been lacking on every game after 10? Sure there are still a couple of stand out pieces but most of the time it doesn't seem very memorable like in the older games. Maybe ZUNs style changed or something and I'm not used to it.
8You take that back fucker
0Every single track in MoF was gold thoughIt's kind of hard to surpass it
0What you are asking is subjective as fuck...or in /v/ words: OPINIONS.
3I think you need to have 50000 Cherry for it to activate.
2I thought most of the previous titles had great music for the most part too though. After that the great music was a little bit more few and far between.8I never tried to make an argument or anything, I just wanted to see if anybody else agreed.
0SA has some of the best music in the series.
012 and 13 were overall lackluster, but 14 was great and 15 sounds excellent so far.I'm not sure why, but 15's actually kind of reminds me of the older games for some reason, at least the boss themes. Maybe I'm just crazy.
3I liked everything except Yuugi and Orin's theme, although both had great stage themes.
3Futo is totally radical.Meiling is boring as shit and a communist.
9Hating Yuugi and Orin's themesShit taste confirmed.
9no liking orin's themeNigga, i will fight you.
0Hey buddy, don't you know who's boss of this gym?
Kowalska.
6
Reminder the Suwa War was fucking rigged and didn't mean shit
2implying it wasn't just a big ruse planned by Suwako.
2Reminder that Suwako wanted to lose, so she could finally go take it easy while looking after Kanako and later on her daughteru.
5Maybe she was pregnant at that time.
2In reality, Suwako won.
0I personally find EoSD to have a very overrated soundtrack. Especially Remilia's theme though her stage theme is good.
3That Doujin was shit.
7The thing with EoSD's track is:It sounds weird in their original version.But they are smooth as fuck as Jazz tracks.
3But decided to take it easy.
7Remilia's theme is overrated, but still good.Her stage theme is honestly pretty forgettable compared to things like Ultimate Truth, Voyage 1969, and Hellfire Mantle
0Thats actually the most humiliating thing one can do.
2that is your opinion and i respect it, but tell me anon, what do you think of this other doujin?
30m-muh froggy LoliA reminder that Suwako lost when Kanako used her power to rust the iron weapons of Suwako's army, and Suwako was forced to surrender. This is clearly stated in a profile, which makes it the most canon of canon.
5She was actually trying to let Kanako with no options other than accept to be her waifu.
8Her stage theme is honestly pretty forgettable compared to things like Ultimate Truth, Voyage 1969, and Hellfire MantleCan't argue that, Voyage 1969 is the GOAT stage 6 theme for me and the other two are better as well.
6I didn't read it.
0forcing someone to be his/her waifuThats rape.
6Looks like trash porn joke doujins.
1
5read it herehref="#p296678325" class="quotelink"5talking shit about warugakiWhat fucking shit taste
3Well he's better than the guy who does the daily Kogasa strip
25/5, you're the boss of this thread for sure
3It was pretty good.
6Self-insert artists
4I don't have a problem if it's funny, but Mizushi's Kogasa strip has been nothing but going to restaurants and sightseeing. It's fucking boring
Has anyone played this yet? I downloaded it free on xbone. It's surprisingly addictive.
3pretty great so far
I love it. It's seriously a much more simple and casual and streamlined XCom, but I am more addicted than I have ever been to XCom. I think it's entirely because of the concept.I love the mini stories in my mind going over the dynasties and legacies and houses and shit. It's fun.
What game are you most excited for?Pic unrelated.
0Who's this lovely semen demon?
Fallout 4.I'm not excited about the game itself, but the shitposting it will bring about.
0
2you walked right into the trap
2being blind
2Jeniffer Aniston
2lovely
I like to think of gender confused "people" as weak.The change seems to occur most in "people" between the age of 8 and 20, when the human body is most into it's stage of growth, when hormones are surging and the mind is most unstable.The desire to switch gender usually comes from the idea that the grass is greener on the other side, for the majority it is that they wish to become a woman, so they never have to grow up, so that they can remain childish and mothered by other people - so that they never have to go through adulthood. Lazy, selfish. I find most traps are incredibly narcissistic too, victims of their own complex now that they have designed, in a way, their dream girl, having given up looking for her, they become her, then wear her like a corpse over their real identity, and act as her, fooling others.Having others see you as what you want is manipulation, it does not matter how you put it, and traps are sly, damaged "people" who live through manipulation of themselves and their surroundings.Even on the Internet they try their best to be feminine through their misguided view of women ":3" spam, etc.You are a failed male.You will not escape this in the eyes of people who don't sympathize with your immaturity and failure
028275098she
4thank you, captain
0So like does he still have facial hair... Or sound like a guy... Because honestly I think he looks like a hot girl in the pic. Best trap effort I have seen from a person.
8copypasta but he has a point
0I'm the furthest thing from gay, and absolutely hate gender bending faggots but damn if I wouldn't fuck linetrap in a heartbeatFeels beyond weird man
Let's do this, /v/.
Would it use fixed camera angles like the original, or a free camera like Crisis Core?Would it use updated Chibi models, or regular models?Would Genesis and other EU garbage be retconned in?
4They would remove everything that made it good.
Free cam, regular models, and yes of course those would be retconned in.
4Will never happen because of the terrorist bombings you carry out at the beginning of the game.
4Final Fantasy 7 Remake should play like MGRising
4Fixed camera. HD, fully-animated pre-rendered backgrounds for in-door areas.
4it would be completely shit and ruin everything the primitive graphics and limitations allowed them to get away with the first time around.
4Free camera, regular weeb models, Eu crap shoehorned in wherever possible, all personalities wiped clean to blank emo kids of the anime era, all guns replaced with walkie talkies
4updated and completely remade FMVs at 1080p with quality exceeding the CG from the XIII sagafree camera with combat inspired from XV so basically let you do all the churazy moves from Advent Children in real-timeor at least free camera with ATB and XIII or LR inspired combatno chibi models but possibly using the models from Advent Children reverted obviously to the original clothes Tifa needs the tank top back and possibly a slightly increased bust sizeretcons inserted in the game possibly with related side-questsavoid at all costs Cloud's post VII-personalityM rating so they don't have to remove stuff like the blood trail in ShinRa HQ and the swearing
4Would it use fixed camera angles like the original, or a free camera like Crisis Core?IF Square had enough balls, it'd be with preset camera angles in 3D world.Would it use updated Chibi models, or regular models?Definitely regular ones.To be fair if they'd make a FFVII remake for portable systems that'd mostly just be a graphical and UI overhaul like FFIV on DS, I'd definitely buy it.I've been playing FFVII lately again and damn, this game's better than I remembered. No wonder why it's so often considered the best game of all time.
Lack of fixed camera angles would destroy a lot of the feel of the origit game. I think they could still have it be similar to ffxiii and work though
3Primitive graphicsLimitations Allowed them to get away withAnd this, ladies and gents, is how you spot a fucking spastic. Those who were alive for the release of FF7 are aware of how groundbreaking it was back in its day. 3d models, massive game, cutscenes, storage which the N64 had limitations of, hence why Square jumped ship to Sony. You know what? I can't even be bothered to correct you any further. tl;dr you're talking fucking shit.
4I feel like they would take out all the fun stuff.
4I hope that it would have a new fighting system. Something similar to FFXIII, since original is outdated.
best girl by milesnot even no romance optionsWhat the fuck CDPR?
8I want to jizz on her strong manly jaw.
8fucking Crach's daughteruc'mon
witcher 1bunch of dickingwitcher 3very mild amounts of dickingwhat the fuck happened?
8She definitely was down for some D
8geralt decided to become a family man prude when yennefer and ciri show up
8best girl by milesnot even no romance optionsWhat the fuck CDPR?
3Him going full Dandelion would be unthematic for this reason, yes, but I think it goes too far and feels out-of-place.
8Can't have the new ruler of Skellige just put out for a random Witcher who did and said nice things
couldnt fuck the qt nilfgaardian twin who clearly wants the d badREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Rosa invites you to a private fencing sessionNothing even remotely sexualSo when can we expect the sex dlc?
0You couldn't fuck her? i thought i just ruined my chances telling her temerians hate nilfgaardians because she's a huge bitch
9Rosa invites you to a private fencing lessonLiterally is a fencing lessonBeing this mad over you being such a shitbag you think any girl wanting to do anything with you is a sexual invitationHey, Tim. Let's go to Taco Bell after this.OH MAN IM GONNA GET LAAAIDD
both /smtg/ and /jojog/ are goneFuck, what a coincidence
If you want to talk about JoJo, go to /a/. The threads here are complete fucking shit.
0That general is also gone
4/jojog/The /a/ general?
1Yes, it's gone
5No,/a/126156257
7It didn't pop up, but thanks
1no problem m8, you've scared me, since JoJo threads are my favourite on /a/.
0they are, most of the jojofags on /v/ are secondaries and they're pretty much brony tier shit
KAKYOIN DIESJOSEPH DIES AND THEN COMES BACK AS DIOJOTARO DIESDIO TAKES OVER ZA WARUDO
7AND THEN COMES BACK AS DIOJOTARO DIESDIO TAKES OVER ZA WARUDOThat's fake.You forgot to say that best part is part 7
0best part is part 7you got that right
0fake
5He's only pretending to be possesed.
What happened to /smtg/? Stopped going there a few months after its conception
There never has been a stealth-oriented game half as good as this one since these past 10 years.
0You know what's funny?I went to play this a couple of weeks ago after not playing it for years, and once it starts up and you're on some kind of beach / coast, I started moving around and I was like "this is vaguely familiar"... it was because Ground Zeroes basically straight up rips off Splinter Cell in controls. I would say GZ's controls were tighter, but it was basically the same.
0Chaos Theory is good but it's not that fucking good.And DE:HR was a stealth game released in the past 10 years that is not only half as good as Chaos Theory, it's as good as it is.
Blood Money is better.
9GZ badly needs a dedicated cover key. If you try to move along cover and the camera is titled just a tiny bit the wrong way then you leave cover.
take assault option loadoutshoot everybody is a facegame is suddenly easyStop crawling around like a fucking worm, are you a man or what
4DE:HRgoodEverything about that game was extremely shallow, same as the original. Jack of all trade games are never, ever, ever good.
2Yeah, the game wasn't strictly balanced for that. But if you're playing on the highest difficulty you go down in two shots. Full alerts should have triggered more guards.
2I only played a little bit of it when I rented it from the Ingles video store when it was still that.I think that was kinda cool how the game lets you decide on how to approach missions whether you wanna go full rambo or go full stealth.I rented the Gamecube version and didn't have a big enough memory card so I didn't make it that far in.
0I started from SC1, going through all of them. I didn't even beat 1st level yet, it's really lot harder than games we get these days.I hope TPP will at least be as hard
1Jack of all trade games are never, ever, ever good.What a retarded statement to make, exactly the type of thing I'd expect from someone who mocks a video game as "shallow". As if 99% of video games aren't shallow, you posturing twat.
7CT is not part of that 99%. HR is.
7Chaos Theory is shallow, you idiot.
7cutting through the fabric gimmick that is used literally TWICE in entire gamenot shallow
I still find new paths when I play this game today. Didn't know about the overhead option at thw start of bathhouse until a month ago.
3Still claustrophobic and small. Compared to gigantic Thief 2 maps that gave you million different ways to approach the situation its just laughable.
Thief 2  Chaos Theory  Thief  MGS3  MGS2  Hitman Blood Money  Double Agent old gen,  Hitman 2  Riddick Escape from BB  Dishonored  Pandora Tomorrow  Hitman Contracts  Thief 3  Splinter Cell 1  Blacklist  Hitman Absolution  Conviction
E3 is nearno leaks whatsoeverNot even those fake as fuck lists on paper that /v/ used to make except pic relatedThis is going to be the most tame and predictable E3 ever.We already know about Fallout 4. We already know about Xcom 2. We already know about Doom. The 1TB PS4, Ryu and Roy for Smash and Dark Souls 3 have already been leaked. Ubisoft announced its "new" Assasin Creed one month ago.And about Nintendo, we already know they will show StarFox as surprise plus stuff we already know like Fatal Frame 5, Devil's Third, Xenoblade X, Mario Maker, Amiibo and DLCs.Fuck E3 2015, it's boring even before starting.
shenmue 3 leaked.fuck you fag
1believing thatlol
1That was confirmed for fake, cunt. A neogaffer made it, mind you.
Pac-GalaxyImplying Namco fucking cares about Pac-Man anymore.What a bunch of retards. Every time somebody says that nerds or video game players are smart I'll just send them to /v/ so that they can see what gullible retards you all are.
59MAKING A NOT OF YOUR POST NUMBERS FOR WHEN YOU GET BTFO AT E3
1Implying Namco fucking cares about Pac-Man anymore.They do. Unlike Capcom and Megaman.
2It's time to let it go, anon. SEGA didn't even renew the IP copyrights.
nothing big has leakedE3 is so boring and predictableWhat do you even want?Did you make this thread so you could circlejerk negatively over nothing?
2circlejerkE3 marketer, please, go be butthurt somewhere else. If you can't stand criticism, Reddit is that way.
9Dark Souls 3Why fucking bother
4Mobile game created by Hipster WhaleJust fuck off already m8.
5Gotta make back the money lost on Bloodbore.Next time, they will learn not to make an exclusive game.
9Ryu and Roy for Smash and Dark Souls 3 have already been leaked
2There's no such thing as an E3 marketer. How about you lighten the fuck up.
7STRIKE WHILE THE IRON IS HOT!NOW ENTERING THE #SAVE SHENMUE SOCIAL MEDIA HYPEdont forget #SAVESHENMUE ON THE 3RDAND EVERY 3RD OF THE MONTH !!
5Who the fuck wants Dark Souls 3 anymore? 4 games in 5 years is more than enough. But then again these are the Armored Core devs, so they'll only stop once their series is driven into the ground.
4B-buhShut the fuck up. I showed you at least Namco remembers PacMan's anniversaries. Go crying about Megaman.
5Because soulskiddies will slurp that shit right up.
0Either way, you are pretty butthurt over nothing, fuccboi. What's wrong with criticizing E3? Did I kill you cat? Hide yourself.
new MediEvil
9There was one fake list I saw for Nintendo like a week ago.On top of a bunch of other factors, they spelled "Woolly World" wrong so an immediate 1/10 for that idiot.
FF7 HD remake!
9Have you been on the internet in the last few months or you are just a legit retard?
1This looks like every fake leak ever made. I swear, there must be a template or something.
0I'm a retard for not believing fake leaks on the internet in 2015? lmao
3Did you save it? At this point I would accept even the most stupid leak ever.
2You mean this fan project?
9the treasure hunting game is actually real though right? so is this pac-man game actually coming out?
5What's wrong with trying to have fun as a group watching the biggest event in video games every year?You have a shitty attitude.
5I know it's fake, i just want real new MediEvil.
8the treasure hunting game is actually real though right?That was announced several months ago though. We already knew about it.
1Well, Pac Man's 35th anniversary is coming up, and he DID make the company what it is today. How can we honor him?"I YUH HAVUH A GOOD IDEAYUH! LET US PUT PACCUMAN IN A MOBAIHLE GAMUH OUTASOURCED TO SOMEUH INDIEU SHITO DEVELOPAH. HAMBURGAH STEAK"Yeah, they "remembered". Just like how Capcom "remembered" Megaman by taking SFxMM and slapping their logo on it.
0the biggest event in video games every yearAre you absolutely sure E3 marketers don't exist? Because sure as fuck you sound like one.FunLet the buzzwords flow, ladies.
5muh mobile boogeymanWill you ever stop embarassing yourself? Who gives a fuck if the game is a mobile one? The 256 glitch is a great idea. And Namco is not a shit tier dev unlike Capcom.Just say "yes, I was wrong anon, Namco does remember about PacMan" and eclipse yourself from existance.
2Well, I'd love a new Crash, which reminded me there was this fake Crash leak few weeks ago.
1Name one yearly video game event that's bigger than E3.fun is a buzzwordYou're a bandwagonning idiot.
5at least no one will believe a single frame from that announcement
8who the fuck cares if the game is mobile?seriously defending mobile garbageAnybody who has taste and prefers actual video games to microtransaction simulators. There isn't a single fucking mobile game that's half decent that isn't a console port.
1implying anyone from the original team are even part of Naughty Dog anymore and not directing an MLP fighting game
5Name one yearly video game event that's bigger than E3.TGS. How about you go eat shit now?
2I don't defend jack shit. But I'm not a retard that spout retarded posts either, like someone that says Namco doesn't care about PacMan even though they do.
5It is in the update files?
1fake
5Except TGS isn't bigger. E3 is watched live by Americans and Europeans alike.TGS is watched live by Japanese people and weebs.
0That is not happening. We would know something about it already.8Uhh, how is it fake?
8Who the fuck wants Dark Souls 3 anymore?me
8You are legit stupid. It has been confimed by different dataminers that those files are indeed in the game.
5They could be lying.
5TGSBigNintendo doesn't bother to show anything there at allSqueenix's reject games get trailers thereBig
8Except TGS isn't bigger.I just can't take this anymore, americans are THIS stupid.
8I never said they don't remember Pac Man. I said they don't fucking care, which is absolutely true if the past thirty years is anything to go by. The only decent one was Championship Edition, created by the creator of Pac Man, and then subsequently ruined by DX, with "MORE GHOSTS AND POINTS LOL", instead of keeping the regular championship gameplay.
3Sure, a group of dataminers that don't know eachother are all lying at the same time.So you are admitting you don't really know if it's fake?
5fake
0I never said they don't remember Pac Man. I said they don't fucking careBut they do care, otherwise they wouldn't even bother making a fucking celebration for its anniversary, HOLY SHIT.
8legit
9tfw first E3 I'm excited for in like 5 yearsMost vidya companies have released fuck all for the last 2-3 years, and naive me believes this is the E3 where they're gonna announce all the shit they've been working on. I'll most likely be disappointed.
1I'm sorry you can't handle being wrong on the internet.I'm not even American.
0Defends E3 like it's hot shitSays I'm wrongPack it up, guys, E3 shills really exist.
3I'll most likely be disappointed.You will. so far, all companies are blowing their load before E3 and there will not be any surprise left for the show.
9no leaks whatsoeverdark souls 3 have already been leaked
What I want from E3Sequels from games I like and original fun IPsWhat will most likely happen in E3Nothing about the things I want from E3Happens every year, no exception.
9It just shows this E3 will be terribly boring.
0So you're going to look away when /v/ blows up during E3 in a few days then, huh?Try not to have too much fun.
1Sequels from games I like and original fun IPsI can't believe you. What are the series you like?
4I'm going to laugh a lot when people will show their butthurt and disappointment because they had big hopes but E3 failed miserably like each year.And this year's E3 will be even more miserable since everything is getting announced before the show itself.
1Sega doesn't have the dosh to pull off a proper Shenmue 3. Jet Set Radio Future on PC soon
Shenmue bought by SqueenixMade by Absolution devsExotic and Immersive Open World Experience in Tokyo Japan
9This will be the year guys... FF7 will be announced. I know I say it every year but this is it.I am not at all delusional. 7 for truth.to be honest I would rather there be a Legend of Dragoon sequel
5People should realize that SuareEnix will make a FF7 remake the day they will risk to go bankrupt.That's the only thing that could keep them afloat.Now they are too rich and healthy to care about a FF7 remake.
7CelebrationTwo Facebook posts, a mobile game, and one free hour of bowling and gameplay at Namco headquartersOne fucking free hour.
3Ya know, [franchise] and [obscure franchise]. But mostly the latter.No, but I'm still waiting on that Wario Land, fucking Nintendo.
1Thing is if too much time passes nobody is going to give a fuck anymore. The newer generations of gamers have never even heard of FFVII, do they want to wait until every nostalgiafag has grown out of it?
How do people even watch E3? All the conferences are in the middle of the day and I get watch a 2 hour stream when I need to get work done.
9After E3 2011, last year and Snake on Brawl, there is nothing I can imagine to surpass that.
6THEY only need half, the community will from the rest along with yu's other out sourced backers. all they need to do is use their marketing and PR to get the hype spread. face it, trap zeldo u is dedgrimdark massacre muh edge is dedtime for hyper realistic shenmue 3 FREE to reign
2I just want muh legend of dragoon sequel
1last yearWhat the fuck happened last year? It was one of the most boring E3s ever.
3some of us live in a good time zone.GMT+ NEET
2Fact is, pretty much like OoT, FFVII is a "legendary" game. Even the newest generations know about it, even though they probably never played it.FF VII's legacy survives basically thanks to its fame. They could make a remake by 2050 or later and people would still get hyped to the roof.
2New gen faggots' opinion can be easily turned through shills, e-celebs and media coverage. Play up the angle of one of the cornerstones of videogame history. You'd need time to create a yearning, though.
9Doubt it, but if there ever was a Wario Land Shake it U I want it to be crudely drawn a la Wario Ware Inc./Twisted/Touched.
2Last year, only Sony's conference was plain boring. Nintendo was ok thanks to Treehouse, Microsoft tried to improve but they create a huge amount of butthurt with Conker.It was acceptable but not boring.
Will we ever get something like pic related to happen again?
8Man, I'm surprised platinum isn't bankrupt after bayonetta 2 and wonderful 101
2Platinum is always poor as fuck.But sales of the games have nothing to do with it. They get paid before the game gets released, so it doesn't matter if the game bombs or not.
0It would be funny if DaS 3, which has been leaked, will be DX12 and Win10 only, so PC and Bone only.
2Why would they? Those are all paid by Nintendo, like their Korra game is.
2muh feelsKamiya turning to the Dark Side of the ForceMegaman Super Fighting Robotsomething something Girlwood
I just want a Kamen Rider action jrpg where you fill your gauge before you henshin, things like jumping off cliffs could make your belt charge up
23I'm guessing neither of you read what I replied to
0
9He was wrong as well. If you were trying to be ironic, you failed.
7I feel you're overestimating the impact of these "legendary" games. It's true they're still held in high regard, but only by people who actually care about vidya. I can guarantee you the main target audience of large publishers, the six gorillions teenagers and dudebros, hardly know they were a thing.
9Man all the PAC IS IN GET OVER IT shit was so fun. I love smash, but part of the fun of that series is all the retarded theories/hype/rumors etc. leading up to the games release
3I remember those who were saying "Pac Man will never be in Smash, fuck muh patterns, Namco helping the development means jack shit".I bet they still feel pretty stupid in insight.
0I can guarantee you the main target audience of large publishers, the six gorillions teenagers and dudebros, hardly know they were a thing.I don't know. I think it's one of those games that when you name it, everyone, even dudebros, immediately can see what it is. I don't know if it is because of its success oor because EVERYONE fapped to Tifa at least once in their lifes, but I strongly believe FF VII, like Pac Man, the first Super Mario Bros or OoT, it's a game everyone knows about.
1Thanks for the constructive feedback
2Thanks for your unecessary posts.
9lol no, FF VII is just known and praised among weeabots, Pacman and SMB are part of general culture, OoT is "the best game ever" so no, as much as you people like FF VII isn't as widely known as those games, even Halo is more popular.
I mean, there was this.
9They know "Final Fantasy", like they know "Zelda" and "Mario", but they don't care about FFVII or, say, OoT specifically.
9Sounds neat. At least it's on PC if it turns out true.
9StarFox x F-Zero is in development. We will not get a standalone StarFox game
65I'm on even a VII fan but I always thought VII was always seen like some kind of Holy Graal of videogames.
9check page codePS3, 360Into the trash it goes. Well done you incompetent fucks.I don't think I ever lost hype for a game this quick before.
3What the fuck are you talking about?
6As I said before, it is, among people with some vidya experience. For most gamers holy grail material is Modern Warfare 2, Assassin's Creed II, Skyrim, or stuff like that.
9Kloana
7You're welcome
1Miyamoto doesn't touch anything that was not created by him, he is developing Star Fox and is coming out before Zelda U, it will feature Mechas, surveillance cameras, the wiiu gamepad will show a first person perspective from the cockpit and the TV a third person perspective of the Mecha/Arwing/Landmaster.6Nope.
4is coming out before Zelda U, it will feature Mechas, surveillance cameras, the wiiu gamepad will show a first person perspective from the cockpit and the TV a third person perspective of the Mecha/Arwing/Landmaster.I got an erection reading that.
5Then you will come if you watch this I'm not fond of those new gameplay mechanics, I just want to shoot things damnit.
9As a Pac-Man fan, I would cream my pants and declare Nintendo the winner of the show, regardless of anything elseMaybe K. Rool returning in some shape or form. Seeing the Miss return?
9Darmn it looks like a pretty good Mecha simulator, even though a bit goofy, but I like goofy things.That enemy looked like a Splatoon boss too.Still better than the ground missions from Assault.
Ridley leek
1Look a bit too big to me, to be honest.
6if you really want to go after any Ridley Smash fans and piss them off like usualgo to Smashboards, hope you got a back up account
8Bloodborne and Dark Souls have two different publishers you retarded faggotEven if Bloodborne did lose money it's on Sony's head not From's
2You sound already pissed off enough, thank you.
1Yeah, I hope they sort that out, we've fought Mechas before, it's time for slippy to stop being useless and create something cool, I'm expecting a Great Fox Mecha and some amiibo shenanigans.
9That pacman game kinda sounds fun though
Why aren't you getting anime highschool GTA?
interview with the game designerWhat's the deal with the long title?Since this is a new type of game we wanted customers to be able to tell what it's about at a glanceThere is a lot of characters in the game, isn't it?There are 360 named characters, together with the unnamed characters I'm unsure of the total. But basically besides the twins all characters has unique faces.How many different kinds of panties are there?About 100What's the next dream after this?If this turns out well I want to make the next one PS4 exclusive. There were events and quests we weren't able to fit into one game, there are 7 main girls so I want to make 7 games!Other features revealed so far:Unlockable free modeGirls change panties every dayMusic can be found in the game world and played from the in-game phoneThe game tracks your reputation with all named charactersDuring events and quests your character learns keywords that he can bring up in conversations3 months time limit
No PC release.Not enough lewd.
1PC is irrelevant, friend. Get a cheap console. You're not poor, are you?
No translation ever.
5best girl
DUNNNNNN!
Is this the most fedora'd game of all time?
shin megami tensei is
CRAWLING IN MY SKIIIIIIIIN
THESE WOUNDS THEY WILL NOT HEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLL
4I don't know
4No, but I want all those steam achievements.
4horrible gameplayawful isometric viewshitty optionswhere the fuck is the targetenemy snipes you from beyond the long range right-clickingwho the fuck is heconstantly press ALT to see were the fuck the weapons areretarded AIstumping into walls, little fences and boxesthis game is 3/10 and i was trolled.
2Wow, it's almost like you should wait for a game to come out and see what other people think instead of buying shit blindly.
4BUT GABENHE APOLOGIZZEDHE PUT THE GAME BACKWHY
2Not censoring a game isn't the same thing as putting his seal of goddamn approval on it, dunkass.
game is literally two colours copying a game over a decade old that could run on a fucking pentium 2 with voodoo in itquad core nvidia titan struggle with itHow is this even possible.
8Slavs.
8Shitty, unoptimized game built by literal eurotrash struggles on even a choice video cardhow is this a surprise
44GET UP C'MON GET DOWN WITH THE SICKNESS! MADNESS IS THE GIFT THAT HAS BEEN GIVEN TO ME!
2That looks like a butt.
4You saying this like I didn't pirate the game
8The game is unoptimized shit, but UE4 isn't exactly the engine for semi-old gpus.
playing alien swarm: edgy edition
6SAID HERE I COME I'M DROPPIN PLATES ON YOUR ASS BITCH
, 
, 
Best 8th gen console is selling the leastworst 8th gen console is selling the mostWhy
3Just like last generation?
3dumb frogposter
OpinionsOpinions I personally agree with, but still./v/ has discussed to death why the Wii U didn't sell and why the PS4 did, but here's an abbreviated version.Wii UMarket RecognitionMany normal people don't even know the Wii U is an independent hardware iteration, they assume it's an accessory for the Wii if they know it exists at all. Chalk it up to the name and poor marketing on Nintendo's part.3rd partiesExacerbated by the issues of the hardware/coding differential for the system compared to the Xbone/PS4, astronomical casual sales no longer there to ensure shovelware for the non-core.PhonesSmartphone games are how casuals spend their money now, they aren't playing Wii U with their grandpa or whatever.Meanwhile, the PS4 capitalized on the flop that was the initial presentation of the Xbone and that basically sold it alone.
3I know. The Ouya really needs to be given a chance.
Another gen, another Sony console selling only on promises.
3but xbone isn't selling the most
3People grew up so dont care about the wii anymoreFace it, it is your opinion that PS4 is worst, and the opinion of so many many more that it isnt.
I guess you are talking about portables
0/thread
Nintendo's fan base is they're biggest downfall.They just don't play anything not made by Nintendo or a handful of consistant third parties.All it does is lead to no one else wanting to make games for it and then no one but the core fan base wanting it.
0Vita = 3dsBoth are great
3Meanwhile, the PS4 capitalized on the flop that was the initial presentation of the Xbone and that basically sold it alone.I would love to have been one of the guys in charge of Sony's marketing after the xbone's many launch failures, they must have been laughing into their champagne
, 
, 
GOTY
4I wonder if this happened in the game version.
4 dubbed videoOP gave me ear cancer..
2..hating P4 dubfuck off weeb
2The Jap version was deletedI'll pay for the chemo don't worry
4release date when
Can /v/ be part of the Swedish forces? Doubt it.
, 
Thanks for playing!
This is Sony's mascotThey rarely use him for anythingI don't fucking get why Sony can't just stick to one damn mascot.
3#BringBackPolygonMan
, 
Each includes about one-third of the full game eight chapters for Metro 2033 Redux and nine for Last Light. Should players decide to purchase at any point, they can continue playing the full version with the save data.You have no excuse.
demodisgusting
7I have. Already own them.
7why would I pay more money for games I already own? do they atleast change enemy/item placements? the originals were good games, but not worth paying them more for the same
how about make a new game instead of remaking ones that came out less than 5 years ago
7That's actually a pretty neat way to go about demos I must say.
0it's ok if Fromsoft does it
09Well they did changes to both games graphically and 2033 is basically a full remake of the game. I made the post more for people that did not own the original versions or the Redux versions.
4Did you not see the thread bashing Scholar of the First Sin and Dark Souls 3?
6Tbh I never found graphics lacking in the original games. On ultra settings they looked great. I don't think they're gonna be improved enough to buy again.
0Did you see the video? They have been vastly improved among other things.
6$24.99 each for Last Light and 2033I'd just tell people to just get used copies of the originals for the consoles, or just get the original copies from cheap game sites for $5 each sometimes $7 for both in a bundle
0Doesn't matter what version they play as long they play it really. More people should give the Metro games a try at least.
wow...
4Different anon: They have improved the PS3 / XBOX 360 which isn't saying much graphics but if you compare the redux graphics to the PC version it's generally worse. 
Hey /v/I recently bought some counterfeit Pokémon GBA cartridges by mistake off eBay pic related, I didn't realise they were so prevalent.My question is, will this affect me being able to transfer Pokémon I catch in FireRed/LeafGreen to legitimate copies of later generation games? If so, would I able to transfer Pokémon from my fake FireRed/LeafGreen cartridges to legitimate copies of Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald so they can then be transported to later games?Thanks in advance
Bought them once with a friend. We played for about 6 hours straight before saving and turning off the game. Turns out the games didn't save Any data. Make sure you check that first
6Yeah the game saves data just fine. Audio does cut out during saving and then it glitches after saving when it returns, leaving one of the channels much quieter than usual so I have to reboot the game if I want the full music back.Also I keep getting the message "The previous save file will be loaded" but I haven't lost any data. Yet.
6Trading to RSE should probably work, while directly transferring to Gen 4 games probably would not.
You can also contact the seller and make them give you your money back or else you'll contact Ebay about them selling counterfeit products and get them banned
1Thanks, that seems to be the case from what I've read elsewhere on the internet. Most people seem to have no issue trading from these fake FR/LG cartridges to legit R/S/E while the gen 4 games apparently need to have the time synchronised or some crap and will delete the save file on the GBA cartridge if you attempt it.7I was thinking about this but I'm not well-versed with eBay, I have no idea how to report someone and to be honest, I'm not too bothered by them being counterfeits if they'll do what I intended for them to do.
buying GBA gameswhy
7Because you can't transfer Pokémon from an emulated ROM to a legit physical copy.The whole point of this is that I'm trying to catch every single Pokémon and have them eventually backed up to Pokémon Bank.
8Because you can't transfer Pokémon from an emulated ROM to a legit physical copy.But if you can just buy a DS flash cart and then you can do it all you want, plus play any DS or GB game.
4I bought a pirated copy of Sapphire with that same problem. [Spoiler]It's actually kind of cool when one if the channels goes quiet.[/spoiler] You'll be able to trade Pokemon to any other GBA Pokemon gane just fine. However, if you try transferring Pokemon from the pirated version to the fourth gen games, it won't work.
2You can't play GBA games off a DS flash cart, otherwise I would have loaded these games onto my R4 a long time ago
8
8
8I bought a set of four Pokémon games for DS and identified them as counterfeit. I told the seller about it. He knew what he was selling, so he immediately gave me a full refund with no return they're counterfeit, it's not like they're worth the cost of sending them back anyway. Even if you're not willing to put too much effort into arguing about it to get a refund, you can at least tell the seller you know they're counterfeit and see what happens.I'm guessing the seller's some faggot in Hong Kong or China, right?
Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. You have to test it out yourself.
5Rumble packWha? How would it even know unless it's programmed in? Did some DS games have support for it?
8You can Pokegen up some "gen 3" Pokemon in your gen 4/5 games if you want. I've done it before. You just have to be careful with the trashbytes in the Pokemon's name, and if you don't know what you're doing it's a bit harder to check for errors now that Pokecheck is gone.down to Originated in Gen 3.
3This must be quite recent, when I looked into playing GBA on R4 years ago it simply wasn't possible.5Didn't know these existed either, should've thought of it really.3I'm guessing the seller's some faggot in Hong Kong or China, right?No, one is from England and the other is from Ireland. I'll send them a message and see what happens.
1Did some DS games have support for it?yes
1There weren't a whole lot but a couple of games supported it.
6I got the same counterfeit games just like you. You can't transfer your pokemon onto the ds games. In matter of fact don't even bother playing them.I ended up getting halfway through the game and decided to play platinum with fire red in the gba slot. I guess when the legit games boot up it checks to see if it can transfer your stuff to pal park or something because after turning on platinum it completely erased the save file of the gba game even though I didn't select the pal park option.Don't use them. Look up how you can spot fakes and reorder from a different seller that looks like it passes. Or look for collectable stores in your area and buy from them.
8I got a deoxys off a friend with hacked pokemon back in the day
2This must be quite recent, when I looked into playing GBA on R4 years ago it simply wasn't possible.Nigga I've owned a Supercard dstwo since 2010. You've been able to play gba games off those for years.
Post god-tier micspam

1Shut the fuck up you raggotEverytime

1Man I remember all those days spent on jailbreak servers
1Beat me to it.LAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWW
19Me too anon 
6the kid singing at the end
here, I forgot to post the link.

DELETE THIS
 Hello? 
2Fucking love this one.

tfw I can't find the one I'm looking for It's that one where the guy says 'another one added to the mute list, mmhmmm'

tfw 'I wanna be pikachu' is gone forever

www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4jH0WeV67I

7onlyafrowhy

Hey can you guys hear me alright AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
7onlyshitthough
watch griefing videos on /v/ that are supposed to be funnywatch themthey suckyoour'e all shit
TIMOTEITIMOTEITIMOTEIIIIIIIIIII
7griefing vidoes on /v/have long since seen them allI don't mind classics getting posted, but still.

Micspam is the #1 reason developers don't include ingame voip anymore
1This is like my favorite thing.And this:
back in the days of the fortress of fappitude there was one micspam that was just various inflections if PUT IT IN YOUR ASS for like 3 minutes. I always lost my shit at that one but can't find it anywhere
2punishing the majority because a minority abused it
I can't find it, but can anyone else find the TF2 pole position mic spam?
0Since when was this not the case?
3Some people clearly don't like beans.


48not liking onlyafro
MY WAY MICSPAM FUCKING SHITS
5I use this one all the time
3
3First they're mad, then they want moreNagi is love, Nagi is life
DUHLEET THIS
remember enjoying this.

2only shitty developers do this
Epic thread everyone.

I GOT BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS
6Based JiMMy home sweeeet hoooommmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmme
6liking Onlycancer
5underated masterpiece

I remember one video where this dude had a name like "I'm gay" or something, and everyone was screaming "omfg I'm gay" every time they got TKd.Anyone happen to have it or know what the hell I'm talking about?
1I miss those days. RIP FA.

5My fucking sides
4average night at the /v/ mansion.mp3
8driving down the richest neighborhoods with one of my bros blaring this years agothe dirty looks were all worth it, pretty sure he or one of his friends used this song to piss off a church baseball league


9This is accurate.
2why include it in the game when things like skype and teamspeak exist though? You'd just have to reimplement voip code
turn down volume
/v/, I need your help. I have no one else who I can ask.What is the stgggs video where he is playing counter strike and REALLY pisses off some guy, so the guy starts making fun of stgggs nonexistant stuttering? Like, he calls him a stuttering bitch over and over, or something like that.
0Have you ever thought that you can make friends ingame and have decent conversations with random people? Probably not, because everyone here is a sperg who's afraid to hear another person's voice
Obligatory

1This, sometimes playing online with randoms can be fun as fuck. Voice chat can make it even more hilarious

8
2show you who's boss
2every major AAA game has voice chat tho?
Pyro mic spammer needs to use this

Older than dirt with no excuse to be as funny as it still is to me.
8
6ones special to me
found this, GACHIMUCHI be one with all
6
5no BEES or MAGIC MISSILEI'm disappointed.
Obligatory
3Already posted, anon.
34
6
5I like how he sounds like Spongebob for a moment at the beginning.
8

2This is actually a lot more tolerable to listen to.ITS RUINED

how are you supposed to micspam in TF2?
6
6liking the man who single handily made DS PvP a meme
Prepare yourselves
8
6Im sure i have heard that scream in 3:50 somewhere else but i cant remember where.
1fug now I gotta watch Wild at Heart later
5she really shouldn't let a five-year-old play an M rated though.welcome to the internet
3I actually remember when that happenedGo away John
2bazinga
4SAXTON HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALE
8A guy was playing this on tf2 earlier today and the faggots on my team kicked him.
to try and find something other than gachimuchi

5ahaha thanks for this. so this is the typical american bitch that always was daddys good princess that could never do anything wrong. entitled whore.
3It never ceases to amaze me how so many people have just no comprehension of the mute button
to me about sex is great too
best smash
can see this being played in cs go
94000 viewsNice self advertising fag
8My social studies teacher back in high school used to play this at the end of class at least like 2-3 times a week.
5This the kind of shit used to torture people
1Oh my god I had to stand up and breath, this is too good
6Liking the cuck that single handedly ruined Dark Souls PvP
4guys ;_;
3got-tiermicspamI take it you were born after 1995

0Actually I was born in 1995 but you were close

7Stop disgracing my birthyear faggot
5this makes me want Mount & Blade to have voice chat
3N00B FGIT GET REKT FGIT ROFFLE ROFFLE N00B I FUCKED UR MOM FGT PWNED ROFFLE GAY FGIT ....unintelligible.... FGIET
7
2Splatoon doesn't have voice chat probably because a lot of kids will be playing so we don't need neckbeards yelling at children, and because Nintendo wouldn't know how to microphone.

5I just found this on the recommended videos 

3melee best smashdamn straight
1Sorry for including you in OP's chucklefuckery.It just seems he's the clone-product of his half-generation whereas you are an individual.
1Birth year1995You must be over 18 to post on this-Oh, oh god. It's too late.They're here

2Not gonna lie I hate all the childish chucklefucks infesting /v/. Its practically unbrowsable compared to a few years ago. Probably the people my ages fault.
8oh that takes me back
bazooka.

2People born in 1995 are 20 years old you fucking cuck

46How?
man why hasn't this been posted yet
9because it's actually catchy and not annoying
5That story of the guy with this as his ringtone
4I gotchu, fam.
5Hello?
5
5
010/10 laughed so hard
1I'm coming, I'm coming!
3Contributing to the thread with some OC.didn't log in to play Bioshock 2 MP for several weeks after this. Now every time we see face, she threatens me with lawyers for cyber bullying.
5all i can think of when I hear that intro.
7Le giant dad build xDPvP became a hell of a lot less fun and just became a chore at that point. I stopped looking forward to invasions after that video. After the 20th giantdad, I just began playing offline. The only good thing it did was make me even better at parrying.

1Holy CRAPE
4It's not a hard build to beat.Any range or parrying is a free win.
7BASE CANNON XDD
7That doesn't mean I totally want to fight giantdad after fucking giantdad.
5;_;7
3
94mfw when i'm the one that recorded that micspamgood times on vent back then.it's funny nobody really seems to get the story behind it
1SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT YOUR DEGREESI dont know why the degree guy makes me laugh
How do I mic spam in TF2/CSGO?
3The wheeze in that guy's laugh makes it really fucking contagious.


2hurr hurr Im too dumb to muteYou are the kind of faggot who defend splatoon
1You know, this video was originally unlisted. Ever wonder who posted it here first?
5FA will live on forever in our hearts.
I use this for Ro2 longside Ghost lines from true capitalist radio
4Who you? No one gives a shit.
9oh man dat hat
4No idea.Is there some meme I'm not aware of?
1And you're the kind of faggot that uses micspam. Now that that's sorted, you wanna fuck or something?
The best one is where they take the response from spamming in this video:5And they spam another server with it:

5dem rhymes

4
OH NO YOU AINTYOURE GONNA PLAY...
9when the parent gets on the micchrist, that shit always makes me cringethe other stuff is fine but damn man
1This fucking depresses me.All those TF2 servers like this are dead and gone. 4chan Party Van has already been dead for a few years. I don't think I've ever had more fun online than the early days of TF2.
5get off vent or I'll have you bent
5damn everyone on this vent server has a sexy radio voice and great microphones
1my fucking sides
1Party Van fills up every now and thenThe Teek is dead except on Friday/Saturday NightsAll the FA servers are toastmfw I was an admin on the /co/+/toy/ server in the golden age of early TF2how the time flies
1Negotiations are OVER
5why didn't she leave the game?
3I still don't understand what they're doing here but it's hilarious
3server admin since the beta up to the mannconomytfw finding the temp folder with all the sprays from all those years
5Why haven't I seen this before?
46you can't retroactively assign blame for a joke's creation, they can't control whether it will fade into obscurity or take of and be beaten to death. before giantdad, he was just making a video he thought would be funny and sharing itIn the videos I've seen he's referenced that joke himself twice I think. Once in the bolas video and once it was the punchline to his "minecraft let's play".blame the other faggots who wouldn't stop spouting le bass cannon GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS wut ring u got bihtc
3Share a few highlights.
0He knew damn well that posting a video like that would make other people start copying the build. It is 100% his fault.
6Part 1
9what a bitch


7Fuck off afro, nobody likes your circlejerk of unfunny weebs.
3nothing too fancy, just your down to the mill reaction images, terrible jpgs, guro, ponies, clans shit and hentai
3Tfw i've had a server up for 3 years nowNever even knew about the temp folderThere's an unbelievable amount of porn and autism in here.
used to play deb of the night on the mic alongside the commercials6Funny thing is, the temp folder in the early years of TF2 was hidden in the files they change it later
4This is absolute gold, thank you.
9webb?
7He said reggin. When I was younger I'd hear black/spic kids say it all the time.
7I hate Haruhi's new design
Only time I ever micspammed was Banjo Kazooie music during TF2 seasonal events.I kinda regret not finding a lot of this shit earlier; could have been fun, back in the days before the game went to shit.
2HOW DID YOU GET UNMUTED?!
3Everyone does.
3Some stay dry, others feel the pain. 
3New design?
This thread reminds me of soem vid I saw a while ago where some dude was fucking about on some Brony 2nd life thing pretending to have no clue what anything wasI wish I saved the link to the vid it was funny

9New shitty anime spinoff don't even bother watching it it's awful and I enjoy awful shit.

2Thanks for the warning anon
7The amount of effort that people put into these is astounding.
Are there times when someone made a "CSGO with /v/" server?
5"Fuck off 4chan faggots and go back to your shitty weeaboo site with your funnay doggy maymays and kill yourselves, but not before you unsubscribe fucking autists."
1what is the point about this game?
4for some fucking reason she sounds like Lana Rain
3i could exercise you, this could be your phys ed
4post it?
8This one hurtsToo far;_;
Kappa 125
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
5Why doesn't the child just leave the server?
ANYBODY SEEN RICHIE?


8
Does anyone have the video of the two redneck best friends that are just laughing and having a good time at a mic spammer or whatever

2did this nigga seriously just talk about katanas
0PUT IT IN YOUR ASSwant
1That echoYOU ARE BANNED TO THE SHADOW REALM!
0I remember that one. It was great, it went on for ages. Just Put it in your ass.Put it in your ass!Put it in your ass?Put it in YOUR ass!Put it..... in your ass.
Anyone got the video where someone was playing sex and whale noises in some girl's game while she was on twitch?
5holy fuck
8Now Thats What I Call Tasty!

0I don't even care this post is an hour old but its so retarded and flamebait I have to reply to it.He made the video BECAUSE giantdad copypaste builds were already a meme, the first part of the video was read directly from an image that somebody else on /dsg/ made. He had no idea it would get so big and faggoty.
5this:4
5Holy shit, I couldn't help but laugh.
TeekTF2partyvanFa ServersAIDSPOOLFuck.. It really just hit me how long its been since the glory years of TF2. What kills me now is how there isn't quite a game right now that holds together such communities anymore with such passion.I mean, I feel like everything is so diluted now, and games like CSGO just don't feel like the old days of TF2/CSS custom servers.Also all the groups died slowly.FA: Became this drama singularity with people getting so obsessed with "were NOT /v/!! we are so much better!!! we dont greentext we BLUETEXT!!" elitism, and circlejerkingTF2Van: Used to have a very nice balance between holy-shit-crazyness and community creations and fun modding. Then just became unplayable due to many insufferable paymods. Group fell apart and some people wanted to salvage it by ditching the 4chan nameAIDSPOOL: All I know is that they couldn't keep it funded so it died the quickest

5
5Holy shit honestly these guys took it too farBut on the other hand she could have easily leftI don't know who's side to be on here
2fuck that stuck up asshole death trying to keep me away from his skeletal treasures

3Or muted them, would have taken 5 seconds then she could have played the game no problem.Why do people forget that the mute function is a thing, someone even recommended that she mute him and she didn't. I don't get it man.
6Oh fuck I was there
5
3Does the 4chan partyvan still have the saysound commands? Are there any other controlled micspam-friendly servers?I feel micspamming is a lost art. But here are some I spammed in my TF2 days
5that was beautiful
Want to play TF2 againdecide to reinstall for old times sakeover 14 Gig installJesus, shit really got out of hand didn't it?
3THE BIG FAGGOT WHO FREEKILLS PEOPLE
sometimes the best stuff is the simplest
9iirc it was at around 20 gigs before they started converting audio and scrubbing unused models and junk.
9Do you live in australia?
Hey, can you guys hear me alright?AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
1Amazing, and creative

always spammed this. It always got a drawn-out reaction. See you don't want them to instantly mute or kick you, you want it to be just inoffensive enough for everyone in the server to listen and get their attention
1that scream at the end.
Does anyone have that one video where those brave Naïve Americans attack a gun shop owner on Gmod in an attempt to reclaim their sacred clay from the white man?
always my favorite
6one never fails to make me laugh.
9I was just about to post this, hell any ghost call would be great
8Just sad.Not super funny. How sad.
4
look at me making fun of asian shit10/10
9BASED brings back memories
5team gamerfood advertising here againhow have you guys not died yet?
there's at least a couple youtube videos of me being a loud retard on vidya serversI'll never know who made them, where they are, and if anyone saw them/liked themI'm out there somewhere in the cloud, my autism forever preserved.
0Right before he stopped doing shows I had a friend who had a Ghost radio feed into micspam so we played CSS while listening to his shows live.It was glorious. I miss Ghost so much
3We all miss the melting pot of friendship.
3he was arrested because everyone was getting too suspicious about him being an NWO reptilian shill
5YOU GUYS ARE STALKING ME!Were they really following her or was this all in one match?
this threadAre you niggers 12 years old?
2People like this are the reason why Splatoon has no voice chat. Idiots can't figure out basic functions.
2She was obviously a fucking SJW cunt. Probably a feminist too.
8hahaha, fuck that kid
8I used to benow im just some old nostalgiafag browsing these threads and reminiscing the glorious days of having great laughs with bros
9ohhhh, that's great
4GUIZ?!
3
1Would this kid know he's on Youtube? And how will he react when he sees this in a few years?
5Did she actually tell them her name.all those "I needs", all those "I can't do anything myself".she actually gave them her facebook.
5
1That scream at the end holy shit
7GET OUT OF MY STORE

6Like I said, they went way too far with the shit they were saying there's a difference between trolling and just being an asshole over the internet, mainly that trolling/griefing is about pissing people off, not harassing them until they cry but she was really freaking stupid, didn't mute, didn't ignore, gave out information, let her 5 year old play an M rated game, etc.Basically it's a situation where I don't really know whether to feel sorry for her or laugh at her.
1I miss Stgggs.
3Stgggs comes here.
0THE fucking classic CS vid gets totally ignored4chan has gotten too young for me
back when tf2 was good
5COUPONBUGDOTCOUPONBUGDOTCOUPONBUGDOTCOUPONBUGDOTCOUPONBUGDOTCOUPONBUGDOTCOUPONBUGDOTCOM
5fuck me
02the video is so fucking compressed i can't see shit
1More like "I am the lawl".
3Kids these days
1that buttmadMy god it's delicious
5she's sitting on my lapconstant swearingI'm so glad my parents aren't white trash
1natepack is better
4Incoherent babble
8Get off this vent or I'll have you bent
Anyone know how to do this on TS3?
1they took stggs channel down? fucking youtube niggers
LOOKING SUCK MY COCK
0why do i laugh
15000 hours in cssto this day I have no clue what the fuck the point of jail mod is
0Literally 100 percent of games with voice chart are like that.Literally100
Someone post the mod abuse one
8first his channel was shut down after he streamers claimed copyright on a video where he killed them on stream, because he used their feed in the video. /v/ freaked out, and got 2/3 of the claimers shut down/made them quit.He came back, but shut down his channel a little later, not sure why though. Maybe too much drama
6anybody know why is guns sound different in cs:s? I like those sounds better then default
3Seconding this
Not really related, but a classic
Salutations
9Fucking hell, that's just pathetic.
Excuse me, who the heck is this?
I GOT A RING IN 'ERE LAST NIGHT
5this is gold
4Please remove this, this instant.

the absolute undisputed GOAT forever
4I wasn't expecting any of that
9mfw
4every fucking time
8And you're banding me?Dude...
5
9god damn this is gold
7the best
5holy fuck myg0t is still around?
9I've seen this video many times, but never actually looked at the gameplay. Holy fuck that guy is bad at TF2.
4Holy shit, i can't breathe
5bueno
7only afro suckskill yourself
1/out/
9why did you link outside pictures btw
7because i want too and they're not saved on my HDD because im a lazy faggot
7can you post more anime memes please? i want to start my own collection
3No seriously post it
4
4your anime memes are the memiest tho. give me your anime memes, please.
1No
3haha omg you're like a meme machine
5he probably changed the sound files
1He doesnt talk in any of his dark souls videos so he's bareable compared to fanfic fags like vaatividya

5I'm gonna buttfuck your daughter. Has your daughter ever done anal before?"My daughter is fucking 5 years old now shut the fuck up please"Has she done anal tho, that's the real question
5if she left and they followed its pretty fucked up, but she could have muted them i don't get the thought process.

best, Team Avo deserve ice cream.
86164guy plays in our arma grouphe's pretty good and kinda quiet he's a fun guythe only problem is he has a very popular youtube channelevery time he uploads something from an op you types of people come flooding in
64No niggers. It was bonedigglers such as yourself that made DS PvP a meme. He made a video. It was everyone else that ran away with it and made it what it became.
1had him on steamtried to erp with mehomosexual as fucks-s-stutter in textshit taste in girlsnahfuck you
A classicclass="quote"good job chozo
4That kid might actually be a legit retard
4SAXTON HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALE
5...aaaand then we act all surprised and deny it when women complain about harrassment in online games. They just call her a whore and a bitch and threaten to rape her daughter. There's no humor or wit to be found here.Could she have left? Sure, but we don't know if they really were following her.Could she have muted them. Of course, but why would that be an excuse to say horrible things to someone in the first place?
7Mfw He has to shit post here as well Can you stop shit posting on a3g then?Also sonix
1Not really related to this thread.This is just some guy playing a character/hamming it up while everyone else listens.
4missing the fact that she's cursing like a sailed in front of her five year old, who by the way, she's willingly allowing to play M rated games and is dating some gangbanging cholo who threatens to kill peoples families.#girlythings
3OUT OF MY WAYBEST MICSPAM INCOMING
4fuck you nigger faggotCan't handle the banter then dont play videogames
8WHAT IS THATWHAT IS THATWHAT THE FUCK IS IN THAT BUG
7YOU'RE ON MY NATIVE LAND!
4That kid sounds like the Spoilsbury Toast Boy.
8dumb cunt can't just mute his assfuckin hell
5u mad bro?
When playing with friends and cool people, I would spam tune.When pubbing or playing with shitheads, Lucky Star Fandub or Death Note Fandub all day erryday.Also, Guile's speech from SF the movieTROOPERS
5
5call of duty
3915
7YOU ARE COLUMBUS SON
910/10 listened to it 12 times
6THATS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS THINKING.I was trying to remember what the reference was. I hear the voice, couldn't remember the imagery.
7Oh god, I've never seen that one. I'm dying.
0TRULY GOD TIER
8tfw draenei male dance

9the girl was being a douche tho.

plok plok plok
0Stroking his goddamn pepper shaft
7Gmod RP servers were fun as fuck, mostly.Bantertastic if you could find the one in thousand good one. Terrible otherwise.
3micspam2015voice_enable 0
4Unbearable.

4Pucala

9That is Shawn Elliot. He used to write for CGW and go grief around in games.Ralphie is a character he does. People still think this is legit and it's sad.

8
6"We need to kick this guy""IS NOT POSSIBLE"My sides
0This cant be real
0BloodborneCrowsAttack.mp3
1Kid got fucking vanquished at the end holy shit.
7ragged

Here we fucking go.of course
4I fucking love esteban winsmore.

5this is the best thing ever
32This is never not funny
5im dying
1I recognize all those by the thumbnails.Good times
5cant breathe holy shit
6Guy at 2:40 sounds like Mordecai
8ballsballsballsballsballsballs
7This is our land now.OUR LAAA-UNND!
43Came here to post this. Classic.6CAN'T BREATHEI CAN'T BREATHE
3holy shit loosing it at the wheezing guy
5DEE - LETE THIIIS

5clickbait thumbnailgo kill yourself
Is micspam dead? TF2 is dead and I don't think it works as well on CSGO
at his best
fails to start a race war on the server
1So is he a lawyer?
6oh my fucking god
6I'm not gonna show you if you don't obeyjesus christ this kid
Hey are you guys going trick or treating?
BAZINGA BAZINGA BAZINGAgets me everytime
6Fucking christ my dad was walking past me when I played this and I was laughing like a fagget.
go to tf2 temp folderits absolutely empty despite having over 300 hrs
5tfw Scottish
5Couldn't he have killed his avatar and just respawned?
8aww poor kid. He is adorable awwww. I want to give him a hug :Bad grandpah
7That was about as nice as she could be to someone online. What the fuck else should she say? It was nicer for her to say no than to take advantage of him and then drop him later.
Can't tell if it's already been posted because mobile 
4Sounds like Swee
3holy shit he does

9these guys are assholes and that kid is a fucking spaz
9what a bitchohOHOH OK

7Shawn Elliot most certainly doesn't sound like that.
5Why can't he just type kill in console?
6This has always been a favoritejets go FULL FUCKING FIRE
9This guy is so bad at TF2.
5HAHAHHAHA
5the guy that owns the server has a sexy sexy voice
64EXCELLENT
really spam per say but hilarious nonetheless
4GUIZ
thinking mic spamming is funnyMic spam is the lowest hanging fruit in the tree of grief.
6it's a modified voice, you can tell he's using a thing to make his voice lower. lols
3I'm more amazed at the lack of people who know about this video.I still regularly use this theme for shitposting.I'd kill for the Script he's using though.
8Oh shit i actually felt bad what is this feeling?
are always well recieved for me
7this entire threadFaith restored in this board.
4Lllllolol holy fuk
/v/, why do lol and dota players hate each other? And why do they hate smite?
my ball is better than your ball!but these two balls are exactly the samemy ball is BETTER your ball SUCKSin short, I haven't a clue
7dota was doing well, but then riot shut down the forums, stealing many ideas in the process, and made a game that was at the time a huge rip-off of dota. dotards responded with hostility, and loltards responded in kind. then Smite came along, which is so league-like that league seemed a creative, original masterpiece in comparison. by the time it came out, loltards and dotards had gotten mostly tired of hating eachother and enjoyed the new target: smitards.
5Tbh I liked smite's gameplayI love lol's atmosphere/feelI would love it if lol gets a smite gameplay mod or something
5lol's atmosphere/feelseriously?artstyle is awful only thing i like about LoL is the cinematic trailers/advertisements
5It got the cutest loli.
Anyone else remember when HoN wasn't dead and players kept touting how superior their game was compared to LoL?
4who the fuck cares about lolis anyways
4Really? Who?
5I dunno how to explain it. It just feels more... Asian.
8Tristana
7Dota hates LoL because they are cucked about being the shitter game.Everyone hates smite because only autists play it and it's shit.
7I don't hate LoL players, several of my friends play LoL.I hate LoL and I despise Riot, but how fucking sad do you have to be to hate someone based on what they like to play
5I can't stand the cinematic trailers, the models look like plastic and it's just ugly.
Is bloodborne too hard? I am planning on buying this critically acclaimed rpg, but im kind of worried about its difficulty.Just to compare, currently im playing witcher 3 on second hardest difficulty with no problem
8Artificial difficulty for dudebros just like every Souls game
its the easiest souls game, you'll breeze through it you can handle wticher 3 on hard with that atrocious combat
9Being this cucked about not being able to afford a ps4.
9I chuckle that they still try to talk about it like it's still relevant.
8rpg
6What about all the people who can afford a PS4 but also have a brain, so they don't buy it?
8Nah, you'll do fine. It's not really hard if you're even a little familiar with souls.69DON'T YOU TWO HAVE TO SHITPOST OVER IN 4 ?
8lock onpress circlepress r1repeatnot a hard game
5Thanks, I'm on it
It's pretty hard, you can't save and if you get bit by a werewolf you immediately contract lycanthropy and die. There's only five healing potions in the game and you have to craft bullets by hand, with each casing taking easily seven minutes once you get the hang of it. The dungeons suck, each one is unique so you never know what's coming and a lot of them have press x to not die QuickTime events
1sounds frustratingwell fuck nothing else to play right now
1Heartily chuckled
7He's joking anonWhy not watch some gameplay and decide for yourself, instead of asking the shitpost capitol of the world?
Pewdiepie can beat it.
, 
class="quote"1TB hard drive 300 grams lighteruses 200 less mAdoes not have a Blu-Ray drive And this is how Sony ended up selling 40 million PS4s by 2016 and taking 80% of the market shareWho else is gonna buy a PS4 Slim day 1?
3does not have a Blu-Ray drivenope
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveWhy?
3does not have a BD driveHow am I supposed to watch my movies?
3Bullshit nigger, then what does it use to read disks?
3broken linkso credible
does not have a Blu-Ray driveJUST
31 TBOH SHI-no blu-ray drive why tho
3does not have a Blu-Ray drive nigga what?
1CUCK
MY
The problem with PS4 slim is that I like having disk copies of games. Something nice about being able to take photos of the games and post them on 4chan on the collection threads. And what would I do with the disk copies of the games I have? I dont need two ps4s. Could be cool though. Now Xbox One, if they did a slim that's fine. I really just use Xbone for exclusives and have two disk games that I don't play anymore so I would love a slimmed down xbox one with a solid state drive.
3uses 200 less mAHoly shit what an improvement!
no br
no blue ray drivewhen most of the people bought it for movies
6OH SHI-1TB muchJust get a 2TB.I have to eventually, I ran out of space on my 500gb HDD.
3Can you imagine this piece of shit 3 years from now? Computers are going to be 3 times more powerful than they are now, and this garbage will be the same, weak old hardware.Devs will have to keep pandering to these retard console cucks and keep making shit looking game despite PC hardware probably running Witcher 3 maxed on 200 FPS by that point!
no blu rayBecause download your games. No need for physical anymore.
3does not have a Blu-Ray drivehuh?
3But aren't the games bluray discs?
1or play my... oh wait
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveAren't PS4 games Blu-Ray disks? How the hell is it supposed to play games?
3does not have a Blu-Ray drivehow the fuck are you supposed to play vidya?
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveSony goes for a digital only console before MS and people doesn't believe me when I said Sony are as guilty as MS about the whole DRM disaster.The sad thing is that even with their shitty PS Network, constant hack problems and no refund policy for hacked accounts and stolen money there will be enough sonyggers that'll still buy this shit.
3slim ps4It's a minor hardware revision. It is not a slim version.It happens a lot on consoles.
1144its for digital only and Playstation now exclusively, basically itss another PSP GO.hope it crashes and burns if true, Sony s doing what people shat MS about and they are going to be cheered on.
3There's already a thread about this.
3
3doesn't have a Blu-ray driveWait. What's the point?
3does not have a Blu-Ray drive That's just plain stupid. You can't watch movies anymore AND have to download all your games through their bullshit of a network
does not have a Blu-Ray drive
6Tell me where it says it'll not have a BD drive. I need sources.
0
3looks like something a ricer would stick on the front of their car
0that guy in the background
does not have a Blu-Ray driveI love how they're not even trying to hide their nogaems anymore.
3Sad thing is I can believe itDoes this mean the original model will be cheaper?
3300 grams lighteruses 200 less mATHIS CHANGES EVERYTHINGNOW WHO SAID CONSOLES CAN'T UPGRADE HUHWHERE ARE THOSE MASTERRACE
3no gamesnow it's no movies too
3mfw I already have a 2TB hard drive installed in my PS4.
gramsWho the fuck measures weight like this?
6Big whoop. You can change your HDD any time you want and it's even easier than on the PS3.
31TBto store what, exactly?
digital only console
7So you can buy a a cheap PSN subscription for just 60$ a year, so you can download all yourgames and get awesome sales.
3The civilized world, faggot.
2That's actually smart though.Why do you need a stupid drive in it when you can just get stuff off the internet? I've seriously been wondering why they ALL don't just dump their stupid CD/blu-ray drives.
peeps bought PS2 for its dvd playerpeeps bought PS3 for its BD playerpeeps bought PS4 for its movie download capacitySeems pretty consistent if you ask me.
7It's the PS4 Portable
0OY VEY ROLLEN
5$349 ps4$299 ps4lite?
3Drug dealers.
loving every laugh @ physical plebs
0Time to roll this shit
9Several copies of Bloodborne and Senran Kagrua
2Yerushel Bruanstien, I'd believe it
3
0ay
3I wont regret being a early adopter when the jailbreak comesIt will comeR-right?
1paying for and then downloading moviesWhy do this? Not only are you wasting your monthly data limit, you're also only getting the license to play those movies. In the end physical is better.
1So.. this is the successor of the Vita...
6it's ok when 399 does it"woaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!"
Welcome to the digital age! I guess Sony is doing what the Xbone was going to do in the first place. NO DISC ONLY DIGITAL NOW.
2I actually like those cigarillos
class="quote"...I'll just pretend 100% of this thread is just going with the flow and not actually serious
3Link's dead and dualshockers's FCC link doesn't say anything about a non BD model
All that marketshareLiterally no games
5imageboarddoesn't post the image on the imageboardhas a link to an image insteadHow fucking retarded are you?
4They're fantastic with coffee
3Good goy.
does not have a Blu-Ray drive Why would you even do that
9$399same as €399same as 349 bong moneyskek
9why sony so shit at exchange rates?
People actually think it won't have a blu-ray driveyou fucking guys, I don't even know anymore. I would guess 75% of sales are still physical on console
3enjoy downloading 50gb games
Wouldnt the slim version be lighter for more than 300 g?
3No bluray driveCan't wait for Sony drones to defend this when it releases for the same price"B-but it has 1 TB HDD!"Amazing, the price difference of a 500gb and 1tb is $10. It's a fucking hard drive, not a solid state drive.Hope this thing fucking crashes and makes Sony lose millions. There are tons of fucking people that still only do physical regardless of them having access to internet or not. This thing is going to cause headaches for consumers and retailers.Buy little Johhny a new PS4 and a bunch of games for ChristmasWoops, no bluray driveRetailers are going to hate this thing, since they wont be able to sell their physical copies. Expect most stores to carry a couple from Sony paying them to stock them.
9568.87 USD on release in UKwhat howis this how sony makes a profit?
0Ok
0ROLLING
350 is the max. Most games are closer to 30.
Aren't the games on blu ray discs?Is it literally no games?
does not have a Blu-Ray driveuhhwhat
6digital onlyHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
5he thinks the euro is still worth anythinghe thinks bong money is much betterameridominance is back m8
0rolling
Are there any games not sold on the store digitally that you need to have a disc version for?
2Bloodborne is a good game, I guess.
9welcome to the futureWhy pay money for physical copies to be printed and shelved at some middleman when you can force everyone to buy the horrendously overpriced digital version?
3doesn't have a Blu-ray driveBLUNDER OF THE CENTURY
3Where does it say it won't have a BD drive? Your link doesn't even work.
3no blu-ray driveonly 1TBGreat, so now I can download 10 whole games at once as opposed to 5, thanks Sony.
no bd driveI still liek collecting physical games
5maybe you should throw our your commie leaders and lower taxes
3Nice job fucking up the link and mixing speculation with actual facts.having a blu-ray drive is retarded speculation on part of the writer.
0Roll
3does not have a bluray driveGOODDAMMMMITTTT SOOOOOONNNYYYY
0rollin
3Dump their stupid CD/blu-ray drives.I remember that one of PS3's big selling point was actually the BD drives.Basically, they are selling consoles as all-in-one home entertainment systems. That's also what MS tried to do in 2013.Vast majority of people won't bother with BD, but it's a selling point for many others.And, if they ever went full digital, they would require fucking larger HDD.
0goyim
3i will probably buy it i'm getting tired of xbox and its faggotry. don't care about blue ray because its for casuals.
3SONY WON BABY SONY WON!!!SUCK THAT NINTENDRONES!NINTENDO IS FINISHED!!!
0why not
sony admits they have no gamesremodeled ps4 will now not play games
I guess they will stop producing physical copies of games now. No more sharing games with your friends and digital from now on. Hopefully this means the cost reduction of production will mean more discounts, cheaper games, and more games being produced.
I wonder if Microsoft will make a cheeky video of how to play physical games with the Xbone
1I have 16 games not including digital and haven't even used 1TB of my 2TB hard drive.
Looks interesting. I live in the ghetto and have to lock up all my valued items when I leave the house so the slim size would be advantageous.
6Do they use those cheap ass screws for the hard drive like they did with the ps3? The ones that strip easy as fuck?
0CUCK ROLL
3no blue ray driveWE'RE TOTALLY NOT MICROSOFT, GOYS! eheh
3New PS4 slim 1TB, low energySWEET!No BlurayDropped
3No Blu Ray
GAMESTOP ON SUICIDE WATCH
6You're totally not a Sony shill.
at workliterally an hour ago was discussing PS4 storage and the next hardware revision with coworker who thinks 500gb is too little Spoopy
3to enforce the rent system Sony begins to slowly make "slim" models the primary model for its systemsPlaystation 5 is announced, its almost as thin as your résumédigital downloads onlyeverybody is pumped regardless because muh Sonyskip ahead some yearsSony drops all support for PS5 serverssince you need to verify you own the download, you can no longer play the games on your consoleSONY WINS AGAIN BABY
3I can see retailers not liking this, as Sony is basically trying to take away what they get the most of their money with.
no blue rayfor a device whose only content is moviesayy
1Curious, why does that make you so happy?
2015Buying physical games
5sell codes for games, like they do with season passes and psn cash on cards
6As a matter of fact most companies are, not just sony.
0Grant me a new name you rancid swine
no sauce neogafFCC website has no indication this is true.great thread OP.
2So in otherwords, it's exactly like the PS3PS4 "upgrade"?
3no second hand marketyou really think they make money selling new games?
3Sony goes for a digital only console before MS and people doesn't believe me when I said Sony are as guilty as MS about the whole DRM disaster.Xbone's issue wasn't that it was a "digital only" console. The shit still had physical games. The problem was that it was an always online console that locked you out of your physical games if you didn't check in every day. Digital distribution wasn't Xbone's problem, it was the constant security checks.There is nothing wrong with the idea of digital distribution. For fucks sakes, a good majority of us have GOG and STEAM installed.But consoles are not ready. Their demographic are a bunch of stupid idiots and the waste of space on some of these games is astounding. PSN is too fucking slow so download rates will take hours or days. This shit will flop, and it won't be because DRM. It'll be PSN.
3You realize retailers have the biggest profit margin on used games sales, right?
i might actually buy it if its a hundred dollars cheaper other wise I dont see the point, its not going to happen either way since theyre going to use the 1tb hdd to justify no blu ray drive for same price
post fake sourceclaims no bluray drive and everyone believes themAre people this desperate to shit on sony?
2all that green textstill buys games from steam
digital only should make games cheaper but it won't. The average game price should be $20-$30 on an all digital platform.
3no bluray drive would literally be worse than the original xbone announcement.
I just want external HDD support. Even the Wii U has this.
0These used to be funny but its the same joke over and overI dont even own a PS4
the only reason Id buy a PS4 is by using a flimsy justification like "well at least I can watch blueray movies as well.."
7That's incredibly stupid and terrible. It didn't look like a crimped bullet either. Wow. I drink a lot I've never been that stupid.
0data limitamerilards
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveSo what are you supposed to do with it even?
I thought Japs didn't like digital only vidya
7S-steam is the only place you can buy games!
5Japs dont buy the ps4 anyways and Sony gives not a single fuck about them
No disc driveSO THIS IS THE POWER OF BUDGET CUTS
5data caps are far more common in europe than the united states. Our internet is overpriced but no one has limited data unless they just use their phone for internet which is stupid
0monthly data limitI've still got a few boxes of unused AOL discs from the 90s in the basement. Do you need some?
0rolln'
All these digital cucks that ruined everythingWe will never truly own the games we buyI blame valve drones.
0ROLLIN
4you fully own anything on your hard drive. stop being stupid
8The average physical game should be cheaper too considering the manuals are maybe like 4 pages nowadays.
6d-digital o-only is grrreeaatttttl-licenses never expire
4You didn't own shit beforehand either. It was always a non-transferrable license you acquired and second hand sale of most software was technically illegal but too hard to enforce.
4PC downloads effect the console marketnot how much consolefags are using the option to download and preorder games from their consoleSensiblechuckle.gif
6Pretty sure that's false.Given that blu-ray is Sony's OWN FUCKING FORMAT.That they had to fight for to avoid going bankrupt.
7Pretty much.The real thread is over here 8
5Majority of PC gamers don't even have high-end graphics cards so at the end of the day Devs would be catering to the very small minority of fat neckbeards like you instead of where the big money is like consoles.Who would be so retarded.
So it will be like paying for steam?
7digital only is greatimplying you can't buy PC games physicallycompletely neglects the original post that triggered his autismThe SDF can't seem to have a grasp on things.
7says thisis defending Sony for its digital only consoleGOOD GOY
9This. Even if consoles stopped existing devs would still have to consider those who have low-to-mid range systems.An even worse outcome is if they either go balls-to-the-wall with the graphics or have the game not optimized one bit and simply tell the consumer to upgrade their system. Consoles disappearing would either do fucking nothing for game development or put it in a worse situation.
0rolling
2why do you think publishers/console manufacturers are hyping up digital anyway? they saw the returns from PC gaming and knew that it gets rid of losing sales from used games. it's valvedrones fault.
7do you think people stream video games from steam? fucking idiot. every game I own on steam is on my hard drive and I can play them whether steam exists or not.
9Kingdom Hearts 3 probably
What do you need 1TB for? The PS4 has no games
0monthly data limitIn the year of our lord 2005 + 102What? Data caps in Yurop are only for mobile internet.
4buy a physical copy of a gamestill have to log into steam to play it1he thinks I'm defending anythingi'm just over here shootin holes in logic m8
Worst redesign ever. Why did they make it lighter? How is it supposed to keep my door open and prevent my papers from being blown by the wind now?
4b-but offline mode!c'mon nigga
5valvedronesSteam is the only place people can buy gamesI really like this meme
Nice but I'm building a PC atm.Have fun sonybros
1still have to log-in to steam to play itafter buying it somewhere elseDelving into shitposting isn't going to help your case kiddo
3no BR drive
fake.Abandon thread.There is a 1TB coming, but no redesign
1shooting holes in logicThat's not what you're original post says. You replied to anon out of sheer anal anguish because of Sony, that's why you attacked Steam immediately.
No blueray driveDigital onlyThat's fucking retarded, I really hope this isn't true, because I don't want M$ to be dominant, since they're a fucking cancer on the gaming industry.Sony is the lesser of two evils.
7Two new modelsTWO
3So what if it doesn't have a blue-ray drive? digital games are the future and superior to physical disks.I'm upgrading
5come on and what? You're some stuck in the past retard that doesn't know how to manage and control data on a physical storage medium. Everything you say is ignorant and has no ground to stand on.
0rollan
6You replied to anon out of sheer anal anguish because of Sony, that's why you attacked Steam immediately.But I'm an idort. If you one device fags can't see the forest for the trees, it ain't on me.
Buying the same console againWhat's it like having more money than sense?
9lets let Sony grow more cancerous because they are slightly less cancerous than yYou're almost asking for them to become another PS3
9Sony is the lesser of two evilsThere is people that really think this. Pro tip: they are about the same. They both just want your monwey, they both lie, they both do big fuck ups.
3SONY DOES IT AGAIN!ALL HAIL THE PS4!
6PS3 is a good console with tons of games
/v/ loves steamnever buys physical for PCnew PS4 doesnt have blurayREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
And with this Sony killed the sales of used games.Most probably the ps5 wont even have a drive. Sony went full digital. inb4 but the psp, the psp was a portable machine, it made sense. This just kills the physical games and used sales. Thanks Sony!
0top roll
9He catches the chamber before he closes it
0Rollan
2There are physical versions of most pc games, you can activate them on steam. Regardless, steam games and keys resellers like gmg, nuuvem, humble store cost cents compared to digital console games. Thats why some people prefer digital.So you get all the cons of digital gaming, but non of the advantages.
2I don't have to pay 60$ dollars to valve every year just to keep my games.
1b-but I'm an IdortIf you were a real Idort you wouldn't be shitposting against something specific after what you worship gets shit on. You could've ignored his post, but your SDF blood demands you appease Sony.
4Sony is at least smart enough to listen to people, MS don't give two shits, they assume all the dudebros will buy it anyway, it's a console made by a soulless committee. The Xbone announcement was just a giant middle finger to everyone who cares about games.So, yes, Sony isn't much better, but they are less cancerous than M$ is.
3buying consoles and new revisions thereof day 1You deserve what is coming to you.
0kekkest of rolls
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveWell I guess i'll stick with my superior poor mans PS4 then.
5changing the subject
I was genuinely considering buying one JUST so I could play Heavensward when it comes out.This one should be cheaper so I'm happy
2if you actually used you're brains you would know why buying digital copies for consoles is retarded
3no blu ray drive, as in, entirely digital?
digital only
0Rollin'.
1TBDigital onlyThis'll get filled up as fast as the 3DS' default SD card. What are they thinking?
9:^
does not have a bluray driveFull fucking retard. Yes I mostly play digital games now but to not have the option for physical at all is fucking dumb as shit, especially when games are now 50GB or more.
0they see me rolling
2anon doesn't realize as soon as the servers go down PSN can't verify the digital download and won't let you play the game
3
3Does not have a bluray driveWait, what? How the fuck do i play games then?
0rollen
4Remember how Xbox was pissed on for this very idea, I guarantee Sony will be applauded
This just means they'll keep the Default PS4, this one is just for idiots.Anyway I'm glad it's gimped because I kinda regret buying the hype so early got it for Ground Zeroes but now since it has the now rare Silent Hills demo and there's no replacement I'm pretty happy.
3I BET ITS 5400 RPMJUST LIKE THE NORMAL PS4IN 2015consoles
 Having to buy the same system for launch price 3 years later Having to buy a brand new system when you want a smaller one
0download them from the ps store i guess
uses 200 less mAdoes a blueray drive use that much current ? :^
xbox one slim when?
0Rolling and then selling the dice as new for x3 the price.
3Then you wake up.
0Japhraim Braunfeld
0jew rolling
1Is this when the power supply becomes bigger than the console?
1The xbone is so big a slim version would probably still have a disk drive.
3Sexy as fuck! I have only bough maybe 2 physical games since the PS4 came out so not having a disc drive seems like a no-brainer for me.
An external harddrive that has the name Sony on it? No thnaks.
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveoriginal machine confirmed for better?just like every sony console ever thenwoooo 1 terabyte if only you could replace your PS4 hardriveoh wait you can
9PSN has downloaded me 50gb titles in a short enough time, I honestly don't think this will be an issue. Anyone buying this already has an idea of how their internet connection has served them with patches, and will use that as a reference for if they should own an all digital platform.
0bowlin
3then, where will I play my movies??
3Literally consumer rights. I know this is going draw heat. I do not trust any company that wants to sell me digital console games exclusively. If they want to offer me a choice, that's fine.However, after seeing that digital games do not necessarily mean that they are "future proof" since companies just want you to buy the game over every generation, I'll stick to physical so that I can at least sell my copy if I want to.For Steam and GoG though, it works since there is no "generation" of PC. You can get a game that works on XP to work on Windows 7 if you have the mind to and if you really need to, you can just dual boot a compatible OS.You have none of these options on console. This, the Wii Mini, and the PSP Go can all suck a dick.
link is broken220 posts ommited
3Consolecucks ready for another cumshot to the face?Is your master SONY cum thick enough?Get on your knees and open your mouth you sissy consolecucks
3Are they seriously doing this? Just to push their PS Experience?
they've done this for everyone of their consoles. why not, oh i don't know. Make a fucking slim one to begin with.
3No Blu-Ray driveThat what the fucking point?What the fuck Sony?
0thread successfully derailed
Finish my based game of CS GOHad a great fuckin' experience Expecting a steam summer sale soon Think about when I was a console peasant, Nostalgia Hits See this thread, laugh internally at how bad Sonygers and Microshit are fucking over u weebs. God danm it feels good to have finally left that shit hole. Paying monthly to play KEK
I was basically waiting for a PS4 slim to come out, but I'm not buying this shit. I'm fine with digital only on PC because game prices drop to almost nothing so fast on there, but digital console games take ages to become cheaper and even then it's not by much. Fuck that noise.
3Dank
02original4me
6There hasn't been a single game not available digitally. In fact some are digital only. I only have like 2 physical ps4 games. The rest I bought on the store.
3no blu rayDropped, also I would hope that design isn't official, that's worse than the werid parallelogram ass ugly design of the current PS4What's the point in owning one when literally everything is coming to PC now. You don't have to pay to play online on PC
Is the older PS4 going to drop in price? I'd rather buy an older PS4 and upgrade the HDD than buy this shit.
0
3does not have a Blu-Ray drive are so easy to fool.
1buying a console to download movies when PC and TV streaming devices existI don't even think the average consumer is this stupid
0rollan
9You can be partially done with a psn download and start the game. Only takes an hour or so on large games and you can preload if you buy on release.
0c-can spics be jews?
3Everyone except for you.
0Goddamnit.
No blu-ray driveKiss my ass, I don't need Sony price controlling digital versions of games I can get physical copies of cheaper.
7"success"
does not have a Blu-Ray drive Who knew Sony would turn out to spearhead the death of physical game ownership and used game sales in the console market?Microsoft will be thrilled. Every awful thing they wanted to start with the XB1 that they had to backpedal on is happening anyway.I give physical copies five more years of existence tops. Thanks Sony and Valve!
0
3Yep, now I get a PS4
There is no way the slim won't have a BD drive.It would alienate all current PS4 owners who already own physical copies of their games/BD movies. Why shut out an entire potential customer base like that? Sony already learned from the disaster that was PSPGO.
9It was going to happen eventually. Digital distribution has worked far too well on PC for consoles to ignore it.
0OY VEY!
0rollin
4It's going to be a very sad day when physical copies inevitably die and every game cost $60 forever.
9They literally started the generation by talking about their purchase of gaikai. 9th gen they will kill physical hardware entirely and go for a streaming service that is an evolution of PlayStation now. It's pretty obvious. I just hope they go for a Netflix flat rate.
3PS4 Testing KitLOLK anon, keep your gay fantasies alive.
6Sonylearned from the disasterThey never learn...
does not have a Blu-Ray driveLol, thank you Sony, but nope.
0Rollan 'n /pol/lan
6Sony s doing what people shat MS about and they are going to be cheered on.Microsoft never made a version of any of their consoles that was digital only. The Xbox One has had a disc drive since the moment we first saw it. Anything else is speculation. So no, they weren't shit on for that.
0rollin
924zero change in the IP countAre you niggers seriously just spamming the thread with this shit?
3No blu-ray driveIt's always something.I would've otherwise, too.
3No games alreadynow no movies
2Considering how so many developers complained about the Cell Processor and coding for the PS3, the fact that they went and made the PS4 based on existing x86 architecture says that yes, they do learn.
SATA II
0ROLLIN FOR MO MO APPLE OWSKI
3good goy
2Nope, get ready to shout "McDonalds!" at the screen to respawn in Dark Souls 4.
7a 1TB console with no BD drivewon't be redesignedSo you think they're just leaving the disc slot and eject buttons on it? That's really stupid, anon.
6Why would it alienate them? This is a "sidegrade" console. It is exactly like the Wii Mini or the PSP Go, neither of which killed the original console.
1Nope
6It would alienate all current PS4 owners who already own physical copies of their games/BD moviesWhat? No it wouldn't. Why the fuck would having a cheaper model that doesn't support discs make the main model less supported? It wouldn't alienate anyone.The PSP Go didn't alienate anyone. It was indeed retarded because digital only simply isn't good enough or popular enough to hold its own, but it didn't alienate people who bought physical copies because the standard PSP was still a thing that they still owned.I'm not saying a BD Drive-less PS4 is a good idea, because I really doubt there's a market for it and it's just dumb speculation anyway, but having a BD Drive-less and a BD Drive model would not alienate people who buy physical copies.
2streaming games will not be feasible. you will always have a non-trivial amount of input lag. just look at the steam local lan one. minimum 30-50ms delay
1whoops misclicked one of them 4
7Implying they've ever managed to get people to use their camera or mic
0Roll
7I see what you're getting at, and my phrasing was not correct in what I was trying to say.I was trying to really say that Sony would lose out on existing PS4 owners who would still want to buy a slim in addition to the current PS4, or even trade-in/upgrade, since they would not be able to play the games they physically own.
3There is no PS4 Slim coming. Just a slight hardware update to keep the bitch cooler and a 1TB hard drive option.
6Wait you mean people STILL buy physical copies? Why? What year is this? 1990? get outta here.
Where does it say no bluray drive?
Having bloodborne on launch is worth having a launch model.Im still jelly
3At minimum you can expect the next will default with no drive with an emphasis on streaming. Calling it now.
0
0roll
06There he is. There he goes again. Look, everyone! He posted it once again! Isn't he just the funniest guy around?! Oh my God. I can almost see your pathetic overweight frame glowing in the dark, lit by your computer screen which is the only source of light in your room, giggling like a like girl as you once again type your little nogaems thread up and fill in the captcha. Or maybe you don't even fill in the captcha. Maybe you're such a disgusting NEET that you actually paid for a 4chan pass, so you just choose the picture. Oh, and we all know the picture. The "epic" PS4 empty shelf, isn't it? I imagine you little shit laughing so hard as you click it that you drop your Doritos on the floor, but it's ok, your mother will clean it up in the morning. Oh, that's right. Did I fail to mention? You live with your mother. You are a fat fucking fuckup, she's probably so sick of you already. So sick of having to do everything for you all goddamn day, every day, for a grown man who spends all his time on 4chan posting about a video game console. Just imagine this. She had you, and then she thought you were gonna be a scientist or an astronaut or something grand, and then you became a NEET. A pathetic pcfat NEET. She probably cries herself to sleep everyday thinking about how bad it is and how she wishes she could just disappear. She can't even try to talk with you because all you say is "PC MASTER RACE PC MASTER RACE" You've become a parody of your own self. And that's all you are. A sad little man laughing in the dark by himself as he prepares to indulge in the same old dance that he's done a million times now. And that's all you'll ever be.
56There he is. There he goes again. Look, everyone! He posted it once again! Isn't he just the funniest guy around?! Oh my God. I can almost see your pathetic overweight frame glowing in the dark, lit by your computer screen which is the only source of light in your room, giggling like a like girl as you once again type your little nogaems thread up and fill in the captcha. Or maybe you don't even fill in the captcha. Maybe you're such a disgusting NEET that you actually paid for a 4chan pass, so you just choose the picture. Oh, and we all know the picture. The "epic" PS4 empty shelf, isn't it? I imagine you little shit laughing so hard as you click it that you drop your Doritos on the floor, but it's ok, your mother will clean it up in the morning. Oh, that's right. Did I fail to mention? You live with your mother. You are a fat fucking fuckup, she's probably so sick of you already. So sick of having to do everything for you all goddamn day, every day, for a grown man who spends all his time on 4chan posting about a video game console. Just imagine this. She had you, and then she thought you were gonna be a scientist or an astronaut or something grand, and then you became a NEET. A pathetic pcfat NEET. She probably cries herself to sleep everyday thinking about how bad it is and how she wishes she could just disappear. She can't even try to talk with you because all you say is "PC MASTER RACE PC MASTER RACE" You've become a parody of your own self. And that's all you are. A sad little man laughing in the dark by himself as he prepares to indulge in the same old dance that he's done a million times now. And that's all you'll ever be.
9Perpetuating blatant falsities because you're butt blastedkek. Check out some steam stats sometime.
NOBLURAYDRIVENOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE
2buying physical copiesKill yourself.
0why not
0Not buying physicalEnjoy your rented digital games while I have my rightfully owned physical copies of my games with manuals included and can resell singleplayer games to get a profit.MONEY MONEY MONEY
6of course, physical media and middlemen take a big cut out of revenue and you can't lock down your product. digital has basically no overhead, makes it way easier to sell and market, and you have complete control over the product once it's sold. it will also accelerate turning the entire traditional video game market into the apple store like steam has done with the low barrier to entry and dime a dozen one dollar games
00Fucking retard paying 60-70 Bucks on the PSN Store while I buy shit for 20 Bucks used on amazon
I will not buy a PS4 until they release backwards compatibility or I can get one for under $150
3ZER0 BLU-RAYwelp
1No need for physical anymore.I'd prefer to be able to play my games, in the event that Sony ceases support, without resorting to digital backups.They're pushing this shit hard, and it's not for any noble reason. I say this as a Sonygger, but the company is in love with locking down absolutely everything. All-digital means no used games, and no game ownership -- you "own" a license. And now they're trying to take it a step further and Jew you for subscription services to rent games, so you don't even own an ephemeral license. They want to turn the Playstation platform into an arcade that you plop quarters into okay, Hamiltons, but you get the point.I hope people react by keeping their wallets closed tight, forcing Sony to come to their senses. I will never, ever buy into an ecosystem of Spotify-for-games.
3i haven't got a ps4 and i wanna know, to download games and shit, do you need to pay for the online service like XBL?also no blu-ray drive, wtf no physical games anymore? no damn wonder people keep saying it has no games BECAUSE THEY DON'T FUCKING SELL THEM IN STORES ANYMORE
5I too like having a physical copy of games mainly because it takes about a millennia to download a game digitally also I just like having the ability to sell a game or let a friend have it when I don't want I anymore
06666666666 keks
3Fuck, I already have a PS4 but am thinking of buying two of the slims. One for me and one for my son.
0let's see
4enjoy your physical media with a finite lifespan on a drmbox while you can get all games for free at any time on proper platformsno reason to buy any non-multiplayer game unless you want to show them your support financially.resell singleplayer games to get a profitsell games for less than you paidprofit
6Sony s doing what people shat MS about Uh, no? Not even close.
40 Keks sonyNot like the average console ownerkids can get digital downloads. Pspgo failed and so will this.
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveGud goy.
First they take out backwards compatibility, and now they're coming for our movies.Fuck Sony.
0jewan
hue
00AIN'T IT GREAT, HOW WE MET EACH OTHER?
0JEEEEEWS
3Streamers are representative of the entire buyer baseI've got a a 750. My shit would be kill if they targeted high end cards.
06 trillions
02015
0The rollinga stones
0rolling
no blu rayno moviesWhat's the point?
4Japhraim Barenowsky.
4buy one game on disk and one digital for the same priceplay bothsell game on disk for half the price add another half and buy new gameyou can't do anything with digital gameyou don't even own it in the first place and it will be gone with Sony serversYes, buying physical media is stupid when you can _pirate_ it or buy for 1/3 or 1/4 price. If it isn't one of those the cases, buying digital pretty much retarded.
0rolex
0Rolling!!!!!
How am I suppose to play the PS3 classic: Talledga Nights?
0lets jew this
3I just sold my PS4, but I could definitely see myself picking one of these up and embracing a purely digital streaming future.
941They are now the same, but people keep shitting on Nintendo, when they are the ones who are right in keeping videogames as a kids only thing and if adults play that is their problem.
6I hope people react by keeping their wallets closed tight, forcing Sony to come to their senses. I will never, ever buy into an ecosystem of Spotify-for-gamesRemember who's fanbase you are dealing with. As long as Sony has the power of marketing, they will think shit is prime rib steak.Seriously, watch in two weeks when the big Dew and Doritos defection to PS4 happens. Then Dew and Doritos are now acceptable.
3does not have a Blu-Ray driveDigital onlyon a consoleThat's how you get jewed. At least you could use custom firmware and install homebrew on the PSP Go.Isn't this what MS wanted to do with the Bone but everyone went apeshit? I bet nobody says shit about this. Prepare for a future of games never going down in price.
5Just as how the superior software-wise PS3 models were the early ones. But of course the second physical redesign was the best.
3No Blu-ray driveSo now it has no games AND no movies?
9You don't need a high-end PC to beat a PS4 though and haven't since a few months after it released.$350 PC that shits on PS4:
0rollin' rollin' rollin'
All these retards stuck in the past and still wanting retail discs.Every single game on PS4 is available digitally. Get with the fucking times.
9You don't need a high end card. The PS4 is equivalent to a midrange card from 2011-12.
0both sides are pretty shit when you think about it. consoles have physical which means you can resell them but theyre completely locked down and you mostly cant pirate stuff. you have to pay for online and so onpc is digital only, so you cant resell shit but you can pirate most things. as time goes on more and more things will become centralised and locked down to digital distribution.wish the EU would make themselves useful and clearly delineate digital ownership rights
1Yeah what do I know about consumer rights and stuff? I'll let the bigwigs at Sony deal with all that.
8$350 PCDoesn't include pcpartpicker linkYeah, nice try.
I've had my PS4 for almost a year and the only discs that have ever been in it are Heat and World War Z blurays. As far as games, I'm 100% digital with lots of AAA titles. So if I already had a bluray player which i do, my PS3 I could absolutely see myself buying a PS4 with no hard drive.I'm not some poorfag that has to resell every used game he buys.
I`m too tired to think right now, so can some one say to me what the 200 less mA mean for the piss4 and what dose mA mean...
0New PS4not even compatible with PS4 gameswill still sell over 300 million consolesRolling!
3Ps4 will never have a terabyte worth of games
2
3I'm an idiot but I'll just say I'm too tired to know what a milliamp is
4Yes, I can resell my physical copies. I can also display them on my wall with my vinyls, my Laserdiscs, my VHS, my DVD, my HD-DVD, my betamax, and my other formats.
3It won't be "slim" , it wil only have some internal revisions and will weight a bit less. Also, 1tb
3I was going to butno blu-ray driveNOPE NOPE NOPE
After P.T. i'm buying physical whenever possible.
3Sexy design. okay1TB hard drive Okay, that's not a bad idea. does not have a Blu-Ray drive I thought they were going to support 4k blu ray drive, not fucking kill the only gaming console that keeps blu ray alive. If they were remove Bluray drive from the PS consoles, they would not only killed phyiscal copies, but kill blu ray foreverThe only people who buy Blu Ray anymore are smart tech guys who knows that Blu Ray is good for storage, has shitty internet, and wants good picture quality playback. Everybody else is fine with DVD quality playback and storage. They still put DVDs on PCs just because outdated dvd quality is cheap. There is no way Sony will do this, SDF cannot defend this shit.
Online only console Oh, look . The good guys were the bad guys all along
6because P.T. was available on disc...
5If they were remove Bluray drive from the PS consoles, they would not only killed phyiscal copies, but kill blu ray foreverWhat a stupid statement
1milliampHow did i forget that.... Thx btw.Faggot
2I'm not some poorfag that has to resell every used game he buys.if you make a wise financial decision you are a poorfagif you don't spend all of your money as soon as you get it you are a poorfagif you have money you are a poorfag
2Ha that's truePs4 is just a role box now
3fakesliimlooks the same300 grams lightershow does this matter for a consoleno BR drivethat's at least 300 grams right therefake and gay
0jewin
7because the industry clearly still hasn't locked down the nitty gritty of digital distribution
0Schlomo goldstien
1Here's the specs:i5 750 overclocked to 3.7 ghzAsus H55 LGA 1156 motherboard4GB DDR3 memoryGTX 760320GB Samsung Spinpoint HDDCooler Master Wavemaster CaseArctic Alpine 11 GT cpu coolerLogitech wireless mouse and keyboardA slightly better build for $390 inc/tax+shipping from YT comments:Cpu: i5-750 $50:It is a first gen i5 cpu so the price has went down a lot and it is like 5 years old Cpu Cooler: Artic Silver 11Gt: $10:Asus P7h55: $65:4gb DDr3: 1600mhz:$27:760:$132:7200rpm: $30:Corsair Cx430: $25 on Rebate:Fbm-02: $30: Mouse and Keyboard Combo for $15: 
4Because consoles are awful with pricing.Second hand, returns, sales, competition, physical media has this.Locked pricing and only one store selling it? Cool yay for consoles.Until they do digital like the PC, no thanks.
0troll
3 doesn't give full link claims no blu ray to rile up idiots who believe without confirming2/10
3Buy a fucking pc already
So are there two revisions coming out or just the no Blu Ray one?Assuming of course this rumor is true.I've been waiting for a PS4 slim with better memory but there is no way I'm going full digital with a console
4ebayused goodscpu from the 1900syou can fuck right off.
7Huh? Your comment doent have anything to do with what I said.
6Not my fault that old assed PC parts shit on the PS4.
4I can buy a used Ps4 from ebay for $200. :^
0roll
3does not have a Blu-Ray drivefakethis would fuck over so many people buying it then releasing they cant put there physical games inside it
Does it do anything better performance wise?
I hate this digital only shit, it works only on the pc not on fucking consoles. What's worse is that the prices will stay the same and people will say nothing about it.
4 using ebayWhy would I want used cum stained shit?Also your mobo has a 25 dollar shipping fee... fuckkkkkk that. Rather just get a brand new mobo with free shipping that cost 25 more than whatever his ebay price is.The card is also used... also SOLD. no name brand drive from ebayNOPE NOPE NOPE. You must be retarded s fuck to believe it's new. They just took off the brand sticker, put their own sticker and reseal this shit. That is what white label really means.GTFO, you are a disgrace to the master race.
1no blu-ray driveWHAT
0
6The IGN article doesn't say anything about the new models not having a Blu-Ray drive. Read a little more carefully next time, anon.
52The original argument was that only PC users with high-end GPUs can match a PS4. That is not the case. Any remotely modern low/mid-range PC takes the PS4's lunch money.You guys can ignore facts and pretend like you need a $2k machine to play games, but it's not true. The PS4/Xbone was obsolete when it released. The only reason to pick a current gen console over PC is for exclusives and there doesn't seem to be anything out or on the horizon to justify that. It's an x86 multiplat world now.
0Hemon Braunmeyer
0rollin
5I don't give a rat ass whatever the original argument was. I'm not even arguing for the ps4. I just don't like how you pick Ebay shit for a PC build.You just don't buy used bullshit if you building a gaming PC period. Especially from Ebay. People get burnt all the fucking time on ebay on used parts. People sell used shit as new or factory refurbished. Don't ever fucking use ebay for PC build next time.
3uses 200 less mA...but the voltage increases, right?
If this is a lot cheaper than the regular PS4 say it costs no more than $250 then it has market domination potential, at least in USA and JP where digital purchases are about as high as physical. In EU it doesn't stand a chance.
If you run out of space you would have to delete the game and redownload it again?Although to be fair in some years it would probably be faster to download the game again than to install it from disc. Not sure about the transfer rate on PS4 games.
3So this shit wont play ps3 discs nor ps1 or 2. why should i even care of buying this piece of shit?
6 If you run out of space you would have to delete the game and redownload it again?Yea..... but that's the same for... everything.
2Who else is buying Blu Ray? Modern electronics don't have them? PC/Laptop don't always bundle it. Consoles one of the main things that are keeping Blu Ray alive. Removing optical drives from the consoles would damage blu ray adoptions even more then it is now.
8....to stop people from realizing they have nothing to play?
5Stop being a fucking retard. Try confirming next time instead of believing everything you read right off the bat. OP never provided a real link.
first there was no gamesnow there is no moviesnext there will be no consoleComing 2016 the Sony GA, a shorthand for greatness awaitness. True fans of Sony can pre-order a GA and be guaranteed to be forever waiting for greatness, you can't beat that value.Pre-order the GA today and never stop waiting for greatness.
6Fucking Estonia have better internet than the US. You can get fiber even in the shithole of Europe known as Romania.
4Buy digital gameNo internet connectionCan't play digital game until you connect again due to needing the licenseIt's okay when Sony does this!
Would a digital only system make piracy easier?
0Rollan
3Does it have games tho, or is it still a $400 Bloodborne player
0rollan
TAKE THIS, TAKE THIS, TAKE THIS
, 
This game fucking rules.Also spook thread
What are some easy vidya songs to play on piano?
Virtual piano thread?9 0 q e t u9 0 q e t u9 0 q e t u o u t e q 0p g f s a p o az b x z b xp g f s d f g hc m v c xjD J j g hg h fp g f s a p o az b x z b xp a sf d oi s a uo d p o d pp f a p f ap h d s a
3hey op, pianist here. recently taught myself pokemon main theme. easy peasy, pretty much just D major, F major, and a bit of C major and A major. So you wanna play:D D, D-D-D, D D, F F F F F F, D D, D-D-D, DD, F F F F F F.You'll get the idea.
Claire De Lune.
3
1u y ty u e u yt y up o u t yu p sa s d s po p as a p o p
0
Any pianists here? I want to learn everything about playing the piano. Is hiring a teacher the best way?

1Not really, you can learn by yourself.I don't play the piano, but I play the guitar and it's similar.If you practice piano 3 hours per day with youtube tutorials etc, you'll learn in 3~4 months.
1general rule of thumb for classical training progress is one grade per yearFuer Elise is a grade 7 pieceone is expected to take 7 years worth of $50/week piano lessons before one can play this: class="quote"$17,500Piano lessons are a scam.
Dire Dire Docksevery piece from zelda
1i am a pianist, am 23, got taught for just under a year when i was 7 or 8, never took any grades just kept practising everyday. it helps if you enjoy it, obviously, and i love it. still never taken any grades, cant read music TOO well, but if i know the song, and the musics in front of me its easy. favourite music to play is Queen btw, followed closely by Beatles.
1thats a grade 7 piece? it cant be, thats piss easy to play.
1I want to play something like this.

119I see. Are there any good sources to learning piano? Other than Alfred's Basic Adult Piano Course.And is it important what kind of piano I need to learn?
1This. 1I learned music on my own as a kid with a 3 octave kid's electric piano. Eventually got a 5 octave electric piano, and then move up to a regular sized upright piano.I couldnt read music when I first started but I naturally learned easy songs like the Mario Bros theme, Luigi's Mansion theme, and Dr Mario's Chill. Eventually with enouh practice and just playing, youll learn you dont really need a teacher.
Easy as fuck.
488 graded hammer-action keys.
1generally it takes you until grade 4 to learn division4 years of roughly 190 days/yearJust to learn 25/5 = 5Elementary school is a scam.
For anyone who wants a piano game; Android has a game called 'Deemo' which is a rhythm game where you use a keyboard.Good game.
3just play the green part though.
You guys probably won't get this one. I just transcribed this right now. Its from a vidya OSTvi shci shxi shzi shlu shu s hu s hu s h
9Fuck off, Jew.
tfw I managed to play Gangplank Galleon from DKC on piano even though I didnt really knkw how to play it much.
3Mah nigga, posting the GOOD moonlight
1Can you use it with an actual keyboard? I use my casio with synthesia but my tablet lags a little, might have to get a better one.
4Maybe. There was a guy who hooked his Rhythm Heaven 3DS up to an entire set of... things, so he would physically slice his sword during that samurai-demon-slaying part of the game.Was neat.If you don't want to play the game itself, you can always just youtube Deemo's songs and play them. They do another good game called Cytus.
The Ocarina of Time melodies are easy. Figured them out when I was 8.
9That's true, though. like 1500 hours just to learn arithmetic and pre-algebra, total fucking waste of time. People think kids who learn calculus at 10 are prodigies when in reality most of them just have one-to-one tutors who teach at a pace that any average kid can follow.
5Nice ad hominem faggot.The point I was trying to make is that isolating a single element of a grade and then claiming that the entire process up until that grade was to learn that one element is fallacious.In 7 years you aren't just learning Fur Elise. You're learning between 5 and 7 pieces per grade as well as a bunch of less practical and more theoretical knowledge scales, chords, triads, intervals etc. After 7 years you should be able to play at least 32 pieces, of which about 15 or so don't sound like tutorial shit.Whether that's worth the price of lessons is entirely up to you, but to claim that over 7 years you're just 'prepping' to learn Fur Elise is blatantly wrong and also stupid as fuck.
3its just various broken chords for the most part.You'll struggle with it you're new to piano, but experience players won't struggle.tfw small hands
What's a good, fairly cheap beginner piano?
3So what's the hardest piece ever conceived, yet humanly possible?
learned this shit by ear within a month, just mostly practicing parts and combining them. Still have trouble with the finer details a bit after 11 years, but its all muscle memory. It probably wouldve been easier if i just spent more time reading notes. think ill learn the others. 
9casio px150they're releasing a px160 soon so you'll be able to find the 150 for pretty cheap once stores start clearing them out.
4Looks fun I use an android tablet with my keyboard anyways.
i wanna be able to play to zanarkand on pianohow do
2between 5 and 7 pieces per gradeOh wow, *only* $500 per piece, of which half of them don't sound like tutorial shit, what a bargain!It doesn't take seven fucking years of $50 a week lessons to learn theory and be told to practice your scales. This is the biggest scam ever and it's fucking ridiculous that they still get away with it. Most of them aren't or have never even been professionals. It's the equivalent of taking expensive chess lessons from someone who isn't even titled, and who's valuable counsel consists of "good, good, keep doing your tactics, good thing you have me around so as not to slip into bad study habits! That'll be $50"
7$500I know pianos and keyboards cost money but damn
thepiratebay.am/torrent/6114341/Learn_and_Master_the_Piano__14_DVDsI can recommend this. Easy to follow and you get to learn full on songs pretty fast. It helps if you can read sheet music but isn't even needed in the earlier lessons
0
9that's a start. i'll get this down and move up to the real ass piano one day
1lol
t ui t io opPp oio iuit uit ioopPpoioPpiPiopPiopoiyuiittiuPpoiotuioissghhgdghjlhjgsghhgdhgljdsghhgdghjlhjgfd dfgfg
9animal crossing?
How is a keyboard compared to these modern pianos? I'm talking about a workstation with 88 weighted keys, like the Korg Kronos.
0if you got a laptop, just get yourself a midi controller of 88. 61 key minimum. You can find standalone piano software for 100. Its the same as if you were buying a digital piano. except you have the option to expand on sounds and capability and record and share if you like it.
9Gravity Rush, amazing OST
4Its the same as if you were buying a digital piano.The keys will feel like shit though.
hey guize do you like coffeereal coffee from the hills of columbiaer[6I]^r[7I] [0I]u 6rIrI [9u]yyTy[5y] we[8E]tyui[5o][4p] 46 6^7 ppI[3I]yy[3r][6y]ryuy[9u]Iyy[6e]5 yt[5y][8i]uyu[4t]8qts[7a]70i[3u]yu[6y]t~rt[9u]y94ert[3r]u[6e]^7r[QI]pI[0y]ry3%6er[0I]uy[9u]I9[6y][5p][9E]pE[8p]o5io[4p]ui[8t]~e[4t]56~8[7y]uiq{ui[0u]}[%r]ty[6y]tr[%t]yu[5p]~a4s[9s]~4p[6p]~9s[0a]7^
2here4workstations are outdated and limited.its better to just buy software since they are state of the art in sampling. 
1 No, you dont need a teacher, but you must have a direction with your learning, like, what is your final goal, being able to compose piano pieces ? being able to play and interpret advanced repertoire ? The best thing to a self teaching begginer i can recommend is using a technic book to build a basis for you playing, something like Hanon, Czerny, Pozzoli. Pick one and stick to it. When you are done with at least one you should already have decent dexterity and feel liberty to play around in the piano.
8tfw i will never ever be able to play thishow long would it take to go from retard that's never touched a piano, but has good rhythm and hand coordination from years of playing IIDX to being able to play this shit?
5yes and no. depends on the manufacture.
6noits this 8
2Workstations are like PCs inside. They have RAM, HDDs, processor, etc. Just get a digital piano or a midi keyboard. I just bought a px-350, the keys feel nice but by the time I can play somewhat decently I'll probably have to get a new one.
7has good rhythm and hand coordination from years of playing IIDX.That doesn't translate at all I've been touchtyping all my life and playing guitar, bass a couple of years, it didn't help much at the begining.
These are some esy song I teached my adopted sister on keyboard.the games and fill the non piano parts with your own knowledge about keys, chords and the likes.
What's the best site or youtube channel for learning piano online?most are just shit quality or are awful at teaching, that or I'm a terrible learner.
3Anon how am I supposed to play these [6I] both at the same time, also what's this ^7
8mfw this song played in after storyI couldn't hold it in at that point. I didn't cry at all up until that one scene played with this.
I want to learn how to play Katawa Shoujo songs on piano.Pls no bully.
1Just get synthesia, but play scales.
2Quickly press shift+i after 6 or other way around if that's more comfortable, you'll learn it^7 is shift+6 followed by a 7, I presume
1100% use this.Even if you dont want to learn the piano/not confident enough to learn it, this game makes you feel you're good at piano.Plus VK is an absolutely masterful composer
7Same here.
0Still, I figure my hand separation would at least be better than most beginners since I'm used to playing different shit on both hands.
77 years
last week.The guy has a lot of videogame themes he transcribed and gives out his sheets for free. I personally recommend trying to figure out the notes by ear. I`m shit a it and it takes me forever but I feel like i learn more
2I read that this game works with most midi keyboards on PS2, theres also a PC version, cant find it anywhere though. You could always try synthesia.
1Youtube is fucking sucks for learning, this is coming from someone who experienced it, the information is too convoluted and your playing might get fucked, since you will get a lot of bad habits. recommend what this guy said 9 , but also learn to read music and get some minor/major scales and chords theory, since those will help you reading faster.
3the guyYou mean you? Liked and subscribed.
1what? I learn this my first semester
5This reminds me to update deemo and play it againso much fun - mirror night is my favorite
The main theme from katawa shoujo
8What, and risk forming bad habits and injuring your wrists by tackling pieces above your level? You need a new teacher right away anon, no good teacher would ever allow you to do that.
Got lazy after trying too hard at the start but here it is6 e-r-t-y-u 0 qp f f f f s od ao upy y upf pf pf pf ps ad oa upr t y r w qeip s a-s-a o tu 8 w qip s a-s-a o tf8 q w teip s a-s-a o tu 8 9 qy 0eu W9y u i O 9a-q-W-r y 9y u i d iad-g-H-k9y u i O 9i-q-W-r-O a dO a d g ak i-O-a
Been playing piano on and off for yearsCompletely clueless about music theory in any formCan't improvise for shit, can't play anything by earShit's so embarrassing when playing with friends, all I do is play sheet music.
7are you me?
7Never took lessonsCan't read note sheetsCan only play by earAs long as it isn't using to much jumps small hands I can play most music as long as it has melody.
6wind waker best zelda ost
67I never played piano music, but is reading sheet music really that difficult?
7FCd most songs on both GH and RB expertswitch to pianocan't do shitYeah it kinda sucks and makes me feel stupid in front of my peers.
7No
5Just beginning pianoSee thatHOWMY HANDS HURT JUST FROM WATCHING THIS
Tfw want to buy a keytar but they're all expensive as fuck
8 9 0 w t y u o s d f h l z x v m v x z l h f d s o u y t w 0 96 7 8 0 e r t u p a s f j k l x b x l k j f s a p u t r e 0 8 74 5 6 8 q w e t i o p s g h j l c l j h g s p o i t e w q 8 6 5[5] 8 9 [9] [w] t y [y] [o] s d [d] [h] l z [z] [v] [z] z l [h] [d] d s [o] [y] y t [w] [9] 9 8[6] 8 9 q [e] t y i [p] s d g [j] l z c [b] c z l [j] g d s [p] i y t [e] q 9 85 6 [6] 9 w e [e] y o p [p] d h j [j] z v b [b] b v z [j] j h d [p] p o y [e] e w 9 [6] 6 5
U.N. Owen Was Her? is pretty easy.All joking aside, Zelda's Lullaby is fairly simple to learn.
4I want a Lucina and do stupid shit like playing the guitar with it so bad.
3Mozart is ali
Is Rockband 3 a viable option to learn piano?
3MY FUCKING NIGGA
1If you have no motivation going to a teacher once a week was like having an epiphany every week making whatever piece I was working on so much easier.Otherwise go to a teacher to learn the basics then once you can read music and know how to move your hands just teach yourself songs.
0You'd have better luck with Phase Shift or Synthesia.
So, V which anime got your interested in playing a musical instrument?t
I took piano lessons for a few years and kept playing music picked up drumming after I stopped playing Piano, I should be able to keep going on piano no problem yeah?
9My parents
9Other musicians got me into making music.
9FLCL
6My man. Me too. I still suck shit at it, but hey. I can play parts of One Life decently.
Why are brass instruments so expensive? I guess I'll stick to bass.

9K-ON is shitI want to learn piano because of Nobuo Uematsu and FFX
1I'm no footfag but damn
here's two separate pieces of weeb.dsd h dsdos os gs ppdsd h dsd hh ggfs h k l z l z x l h l z l z x lh z l z x c x z
tfw all I want to learn is this
3i fucking love you for posting the savescreen themebut whats the first one?
3I KNOW I KNOW I HAVE LET YOU DOWNI wanna learn that one too.The Beginning. Persona 3:psgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j jpsgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j J jpsgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j jd f psgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j J jpasf h h g g g D d D d D d PP s f j j h h h g f g f g f dpsgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j jpsgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j J jpsgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j jpsgl l g l l g g h hgf g h j J j
5FFX inspiring learning the pianoMy nigga
Most of the songs from OoT and MM are pretty simple and easy, even if you don't read sheet music and try to figure the notes out yourself. The first few notes of the songs you play on the ocarina are right there in the game as actual sheet music, and the rest aren't too hard to figure out from there if you have a good ear for music. I managed to peck out part of the Clock Town theme not too long ago.
4Title theme from Yume Miru Kusuri
9
Be asianGet forced to learn piano as a kid as asian kids doHated it as a kidLater realised I can play all sorts of cool vidya and chinese cartoon songsI'm so glad I learnt how to play an instrument
7Play this slant eyed motherfucker 
p a s f sa p a ͜ up a s f sa p a ͜ fs d f h f d s d ͜ os a p-tt u o ee t u qq e t ww r y-P [YD] o [PD] gi E J [Y*h]E Y O o [iPg] [tosD]Eh... can't be played with only keyboard, you need to use the mouse or be fast with CAPS when you see an asterisk " * ".Darn, it's one of the few songs I can play on piano.
7oh okayi don't really play VNs sounds good though
4A fucking 3rd grader could play this anon
Hey guys, Satan here. If you sell me your soul I'll let you have any skill you want. It seems like you want to play the Piano, I can let you. This is actually a thing, look up Robert Johnson.
2I'm not asking who can play this I'm telling you to do it
4if that was just the piano part it would probably sound like shitseems like 20% piano 80% everything else
3Mother songs. I know the Soundstone melody from EB by heartThe main themes of all the games are meant to be playable with one finger
7i learned to play an instrument as a kid but had absolutely no motivation to play one until i saw them in LOTROwas LOTRO the first mmo with playable instruments? if not i would like to know which game did it
9you are now
0Telling someone to play something without giving them the sheet music or midiI'm not going to spend ages figuring out each note by ear
1But part of the fun is sucking a little less every day. I wouldn't take a pill that would let me learn a instrument.I'd do it for a language though.
2Then I suppose you ain't as good as you think you are. Pity.Here you go, just cause I really wanna hear it
24FUCK, Alt-Q to fast... 
5well maybe just for that pic
9Why?
1Tfw no cute friend to finger my bass
7
4I never implied I was good, also I have better things to do than spend time trying to figure out an entire song by ear0Also this sheet music isn't even remotely the same one as the video
8Just shut the fuck up and play
1Is this moeshit actually worth watching or are they still messing up?
1Dude, what? Maybe for entry level models, but a decent bass costs waaaay more money than a nice trumpet. Maybe larger instruments like baritones are more.
5BIGIGSWEATYWEATYTOESOES
4I... I play with a pick anon. I'm sorry.
9They're still gitting gud. It suddenly has yuri now though.
5Hurr durr please play this slow piano melody from this videoOk sure it sounds pretty simpleNope I'm going to give you a completely different sheet which is significantly harderHow about kill youself and stop wasting my time
9has yuri nowThat has and will never be a bad thing.
9How about you stop being a useless piece of shit and either get the song by ear or just play whatever is on that fucking pdf
3not playing with both
3You shouldn't be ashamed to do both.
5
7I'd like to be able to play this but I can't make my hands do separate things.
3I'll settle for your delicate calloused left hand, then.
This is the only videogame thing I played unless you count Miku songs as videogames
9implying I'm going to waste my time doing eitherIf you're so desperate how about not being shit and learning piano? ;^
8Duh, because I got better things to do than being a slant-eyed motherfucker forced to play piano by crazy parents.DAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNNN
REEEEEEEEEStupid witches. I'll be ringing again.
4being this bamboozled
9What subs for this show?
3Don't know if easy, I don't play any instrument, but learn this:
3mario theme
4Post pictures of young female relatives, thats the only reason I ever talked to asian kids anyways.
tfw some of the resistors in my keyboard have failed so hitting one key triggers several othersDamn you OP for making me want to play
9Do you have any idea how much harder and longer it would take to play a song by ear than just reading it off a sheet
I can play the guitar, bass, drums, piano, banjo, and synth all at least proficiently. I want to play saxophone, where do I start?
2decent
2Do you even buy used?
got an electric piano for christmasno piano experience, but was percussionist in band for 8+ years so I know where the notes are tfw that shit is easy as fuckplaying melodies from my favorite songsand learning to play this to annoy my roommates 
Hey guys, I have a vidya MIDI collection for Synthesia, over 1k files. Anyone interested?5
All you need to get good is hope, dreams, a persevering heart, and a shit load of money to buy your instruments
2Are the songs separeted for left and right hand? Do they have finger numbering?
I'm ringing my small bell, Yen.
1Tempting, tempting.
3Shit, wrong thread.
2Not all of them are arranged for piano, you can arrange them yourself if you're not a total scrub.
3you can delete your posts, look on the very bottom. just check the ones you want to delete
3
2I can only hide some instruments, I can't select different colors for each hand sometimes. Do I have to do this outside synthesia?
5You know there are piano sheets for these right?Also, goddamn I love that Besaid Island
5Oh, yeah, you can just hide instruments no problem. Some are just one instrument but most of the time you can clearly see which part is left/right hand
How do I become Nobuo Uematsu
3I wonder what zohar is doing now. I love his arranges
How do we get gigs? We practice twice a week but it feels like we're treading water because there's no goal. Nobody I know throws parties. here's some recordings with shit quality and no vocals because reasons 
3/mu/
0This thread isn't remotely vidya. I can play Reach Out to the Truth if you want to make it vidya
3Take it slow, and focus on one hand at a time. When you can do one hand near-automatically, then do the other one. Then combine the two, slowly at first.
3To zanarkand is the first i learned, just look up a synthesia version on youtube and memorize it.
7As someone who learns with synthesia and can't read notes I must disagree. I tried learning it like that but then when trying to combine them i was even more confused.I suggest learning both at the same time , piece for piece, just chop up the song in small sections. Or if you want to learn hands seperately first still chop of the song , learn one part with both hands individually and then with both before moving to the next.
2Yes please, I recently learned of synthesia and this would save me so much time.
7post in game instruments you fags
5Where should I upload it? preferably somewhere where I don't have to make an account
3FFX main theme or whatever its calledcoming to zanarkand or something
, 
What's the difference between Skyrim, Oblivion, FO3, New Vegas?I can't remember a single character, nor the plot from Skyrim.
4Fallout 3 and NV are good games, Oblivion is for TES fans and rpg nerds and Skyrim is the most boring game of the bunch played by autists everywhere because the extreme marketing made it popular also autists love repetitiveness.
, 
, 
Fallout 4 announced.First Trailer tommorrow.
4The fuck is wrong with you. Fallout 3 was just Oblivion/Skyrim with Guns. It had a weak story that was unfaithful to the setting, and snowflake design.It was a very uninspiring game. Why are you excited to let Bethesda disappoint you again?
5but I like oblivion with guns.It's .fun 
I used to play a very grindy mmorpg, but than i got hacked and gave up.I now want to back to it, but haven't got the patience to grind around from the beginning.Question is, where do i go to buy accounts/characters?I know this is a thing because its very common within that mmorpg, but every site i find seem rather... shady.Is there a mmorpg site designed for buy/sells for accounts and charactcrs?pic unrelated
bump any1?
kek... dude.. you buy shitty wod and get insta 90... spend 5 days casually leveling to 100 and then you get free epics they throw at you... you literally could get geared to raid in two weeks without effort...
1Ebay, mate
7I sad pic unrelated bro.The mmorpg i play doens't even have level limit.we're talking about 300 and above
4Tibia?
7Not him but is Everquest 2 worth it? I'm worried that Daybreak might kill it soon.
4Asheron's Call dude, it's a dead game. But you can get a life time sub for $10. Just bot to 300+ like the good ol' days. Takes like two weeks.
own a wii udont give a fuck about splatoonam I the only one?
Nah, I'd maybe get it when it's cheap but I only like it for the squid lolis.
Nope, I want Yoshi and XCX immediately. Still, it's nice that the Wii U has games.
0You're not alone. It's far too stripped down for my tastes.
I feel you, OP. It just doesn't look fun to me
You are never the only one OP. Next time you think about asking if you are consider punching yourself in the face instead.
0No. My Wii U is pretty much just a Smash machine until Xenoblade and Star Fox. Maybe I'll get Yoshi.
If I had a job I'd get it. It just costs too much right now with what I have left.
2It's too New Wave For My Taste
0I think you've had bit too much potatoes OP. You should expand your nutrient intake and I recommend some squid.
6PotatosNah, I'm on a high metal diet.
Same for the most part. So waiting for this.
Probably not, I'm in the opposite situation though. I give a fuck about Splatoon but don't have a Wii U.
I hate shooters, and I hate online focused games. That said, I feel like I'd like splatoon a littler more than the average shooter, but something like 20 dollars is the most I'll ever consider paying
2Me too. I'm tempted to buy a Wii u just for splatoon
So how much am I gonna need to know about the rest of the series to play Xenoblade X?I recently got a WiiU because it hit the amount of games I want from a new system with splatoon, and this looks interesting.
I have a Wii U and never played it. Have smashbros and mk8 but I played those games once maybe twice but its just the same old shit.Splatoon has me coming back for more because its a lot of  funand something new
I'm not even excited about Xenoblade anymore.But I know I'll end up buying it. Also, have a lewd pic.
Splatoon looks genuinely interesting, but I'm not going to pay nearly double that of what other regions have to pay for it. Fuck you, NOA.
own a Wii uhaven't bought a game since smash brosThis year is terrible. If star fox doesn't come out I probably won't buy any games for it this year
1So how much am I gonna need to know about the rest of the series to play Xenoblade X?Not much. Most of what you'd miss is easter egg-tier. I think the only big HEY THIS SHOULD ALARM YOU thing in all of them was how Abel/Neph looked like Fei/Elly and even then due to the nature of who owned the IPs at the time there isn't even a canon connection.
0am I the only one?of course not. my weeoo is basically a MK8 plus Platinum games machine until YWW comes out, then again until we see a new Metroid or Zelda.why the fuck would I want to play a shooter on a console anyway considering that I am not a poorfag and can afford a PC?
4I did. Its fun.
I'm waiting until it gets more modes before buying it, but I still really want itPlus I spent the rest of my money on art supplies anyway
0Nope. Couldnt care less about it.
0Nope, I even think its a bad thing.
4I'm not too tempted to buy one actually. The game looks great and the fashion is dope, but I'm fine just leeching and playing it at a friends house for now.
It looks fun but it also doesn't look like it's worth $60
0am I the only one?Yes. The only one in the world that is not interested. Just you.
1You only need to know stuff from the first Xenoblade for a long side quest chain that explains how the games are linked. There is nothing in the main story of X that has to do with the first game.Riki is the only character from the first game who appears in X, and that's just in statue form.
0No I'm in the same boat. The only way I'd even consider buying splatoon is after all this "free" cut content has been put back in the game and by then the online will most likely be dead anyway so fuck it.
5Ooh, do you get the muhnado in X? Is shulk still relevant?
5or a long side quest chain that explains how the games are linked.the games are linked.
0Same, It's not that I don't like it, the aesthetic is nice and it looks like fun, but I'm just noy that interested
2I'd maybe get it when it's cheapThis is Nintendo we're talking about, it's going to be 50-60 dollars for the next five years at least.
I like the battle themes, feels very PS2 
same here op, splatoon threads were autistic havens and the game looks mediocre for even a $40 price-point... and its $60 i made this picture as a reply to someone in a splatoon thread a while ago and got 1 day banned for it because it was a janitor who got butthurt
0Dude, Splatoon is a really good game! Yeah, it might not have many modes/maps/stuff right now, but Nintendo has said that we are getting weekly updates! Look at this one, we got a NES Zapper and a new map, plus ranked battles just opened today!I´m ok with you not caring about it, but you should seriously try it!
I own a WiiU and don't give a shit about Splatoon but bought a Squidgirl Amiibo to hotglue.Which I will post in /gif/ if people want.
0Not at all, however, the only reason I don't give a fuck is because it's 60 dollars here, and cheaper everywhere else.
7Same here.
Hardly.I hate multiplayer-focused games.
Wii U owner here, I don't play controller-only shooters.
1I got my copy new from a high street retailer for ~$38
0I don't own a WeeabU and I fucking love Splatoon.I even considered buying it just for this game because I want to be a squid and a kid.
0This is what you like instead?
4SHUT THE FUCK UP BOCO
0why the fuck would I want to play a shooter on a console anyway considering that I am not a poorfag and can afford a PC?Because PC gets no games.
9Xenoblade at least has enough content to be worth the $60 unlike Splatoon
4Sonygger falseflagging
0nah we're on the same boat paying 60 for something with almost no content out of the box is fucking stupidbbut muh free dlcwait for it a bit longer and they will charrge for it
0You're not the only one.This game was made especially for autists and neckbeards. It's the MLP of wii u.Good on you OP for not getting it, you have reduced your autism by 20%.
own a wiiulove splatoon and can't wait for xcx, devils third, fatal frame, and starfoxam I the only one?
7own a Wii Uloves every game that comes out on itam I the only one?
1Splatoon is getting updates weekly. You´ll see that in 1-2 months its way past 60$ value
3every gameThat's pushing it.
1every game exept fifa and some indie gamesis that ok?
0I bought my Wii U for Xenoblade x and Bayonetta. Anything else is a bonus, like Dong Freeze which was amazing. I'm actually getting a lot more mileage out of my Wii U than I thought. But yeah I have no interest in splatoon since I'm not big on multiplayer games and splatoon. I wish I was though because if splatoon doesn't sell well I know it will be another decade before Nintendo tries a new IP again. Ugh.
3Not every game, but I love about a dozen games and don't understand at all why people are all "HURRR IT'S COLLECTING DUST, NO GAEMS!"I can understand feeling that way if you don't like first party nintendo games, but then why did you buy a wii u in the first place?
4Aren't you obsessed with a character from a fighting game?
You little pussies, you know nothing about games.A game is your second live, you do what you want, dosen't matter what people say. just play what you want. If you want to be a dumbass that run with a gun of ink shotting the walls... you can be. And if you want to be a hero that save the others you can be. So, stop discussing about your games and go play your fucking games.Thank for your time.
0newfag
1Shit man who ever the hell is rapping needs to learn to flow with the beat not just talk over it. Fuck!
6So is everyone here. What's your point?
6My point is that poeple who hate on a game have to try it out first.
7Thats my point.you probably is that guy that I said, about the gun of ink.
own a wii u never play itAm I the only one?
00puts name in 4chan
1Ewww. What happened to the operatic basedness of the trailers? I don't want this EDM garbage.
I literally only own the Bayonetta 2 pack and am waiting for the damn DLC we were promised last year
0Yeah, I put my name.Because if I say shit i want people to know that i said the shit.
9Fantastic. Lets talk again in 1-2 months then. Until then its content doesn't meet its price point.
3Bayonetta 2 DLCAnon I think they dreamed that up
Bought it for ZE5, XCX and Splatoon. Maybe I'll buy Tropical Freeze if I see it at a good prize.
1
originally only hyped for XCXgot a refurbished WiiU for 200 dingo dollarswhile waiting for XCX, see announcements for Xcom 2, DS3, and Fire EmblemSplatoon didn't even register on the radarMaybe it's cause I don't really like multiplayer focused vidya. but I did not have an ounce of care for Splatoon. I just want more fucking mecha games.
0I'm with you even if you post anime girls.
0Nope.Fuck that unfinished early access game.I just want Xenoblade X.Plus splatoon is online only multi-player focused shooter.In like 3 years you won't be able to play 75% of the game.
3I dont care.im just saying shit because i have nothing to do.
Even /v/ shits on it. Did SJWs actually won? Looks like...
3shitting on a shitty game because it's shit has fuck all to do with your boogeyman
the sjws are the ones who sold itand only probably hyped it up because of the woman begging for her life in the trailerthey don't really give a fuck about violence in video games
88Oh well, i guess that's that. Before release /v/ was all over it and excited how SJWs are getting BTFOThen it came out and turned shit.... Pretty sad
/v/ is scared of things that look """edgy"""m-muh linkin p-park
Fuck off you shill.
8/v/ was only excited for it because they fell for basic shill techniques.They also ironically got caught up in the politics around it, that they forgot to support games for being FUN.
3Liking games makes you a shill
, 
PSO2 is coming to the westWanna know why it took so long?They wanted to wait until its content grew so it stood a chance. Japs have been beta testing for us.Just under 6 months to releaseWhat class/race you gonna be?
no more arksys english translation patching?whoopie!
4Don't give a shit. Already played it with the english patch. Sega can go fuck themselves.
6You DO give a shit otherwise you wouldn't have posted.
7Yeah, I gave a shit to tell you my opinion. That's it. It would've been cool if PSO2 was released here officially earlier, but now everyone who wanted to play it already played it with the english patch. I doubt people who already have been playing the Japanese version, would move to the english version and lose their characters.Not to mention there's no source about this coming to the west any time soon either.
Why would I want to play with outdated and shit voices?
, 
Excuse me...Sir?
SHUT THE FUCK UP, FAT MAN!
I know you took this girl, now where the fuck is she at? I'm getting sick of this music
6SIR?
6Hey, Leon - what do you think of LEGO Worlds?
Sm4sh mains thread?Let's judge each other, what do my mains say about me?
4IkeYou a bitch nigga
inb4 "edgy cunt"I just find DP to be better than pit. Dunno why
4my mainsHow about you end your life? Or atleast learn the difference between main and secondary.uneducated fucking child.
Mega Man, but I'm better with Pac Man. I use them both very often. 49I hate pit
By "main", do you mean the character I enjoy playing as the most, or do you mean the character that I'm most effective as?If it's the former, then my answer is Olimar. If it's the latter, then my answer is Ganondorf.
9I like DP's side-B more than Pit's. It just feels like it has more punch behind it.
Sm4shLiteral party gameThis is a Project M thread nowRemember faggots, you can only have one main
MAIN Mains:VillagerWarioAlph2nd MainsDorfDongG&WPac-Man
having mainsonly excelling in a handful of fighters and not gitting gud with all of themwhy is /v/ full of fucking casuals
6why is Smash 4 full of fucking casualsFixed
9Because even though DP was a shitty character to put in the game, he's still a better character then Pit. Pit sounds like a goofy whiny wimp and is palutena's slave. At least DP can think for himself
, 
Daily reminder Morrowind is the best elder scrolls if not the best RPG ever made. Also general RPG discussion
, 
Ok you memers, ive been thinking about getting into this series for a long time but i need to know some shit first.how good is the storyshould i start from the 1st gamegive me a brief introduction without spoiling the story
1Just start from the first one already, it's good.
it's fantasticabsolutelyYou start 1 as Geralt of Rivia and he lost his memory. Find the rest out through the game.
1The combat in all 3 witcher games isn't as good as other games, but it's functional and everything else about them makes up for it.Just start with the first one. If you're an impatient faglord casual who doesn't actually enjoy video games then just watch them on youtube. They're not meant to be blitzed.
1A complex story based on already established in few books characters and events, with massive lore to back everythingIf you never read the books - start with 1st. If you read them - just read shorts about the plot of 1st and 2nd, then you can go straigh ahead to 3rdYou are Geralt of Rivia, a witcher, monster hunter for hire, with a memory loss.
1how good is the storyFucking 10/10 for story and writing purposes.should i start from the 1st gameIf you don't mind clunky cRPGs and don't play RPGs just for the combat gameplay, absolutely. Half of the second act is sluggish, be warned.give me a brief introduction without spoiling the storyIt's very morally gray and your choices are pretty fleshed out and matter somewhat, certainly more than any mainstream RPG ever. You can find the rest out yourself.Also if you're into reading I highly recommend the books, they're great but a lot is lost in translation, if you're a lazyfag you can listen to the first one as an audiobook if you want. they're pretty good and increase your enjoyment of the game.Don't play 3 without going through the books, that's really important.
1Story is Skyrim-tier, if you're fan of good writing you're going to be disappointed.Only 3 is worth playing.
1In the end you were dead all along
1courtesy of /wtc/While it talks about modding it, I'd suggest just going into 1 as-is. Just a heads up though, the combat is more like traditional RPG's like NWN or Planescape, and just happens to have a third person camera instead, but you'll get used to it pretty quickly after the tutorial area at the beginning.Otherwise 10/10 game
4how good is the storyshit
184generic chosen one mary sue story with ancient evil is goodRofl, babby's first lore?
1We've been over thisTake the witcher Add one part SkyrimAdd one part Arkham CreedAdd one part Game of ThronesSprinkle with graficsBake with heavy marketingThe way it's meant to be played™
4RotWW is just a visual thing, so I don't see why he shouldn't install it. Also happens to have the best UI skins of the whole franchise, poor CDPR UI graphics designer can't do anything right.
8Nice falsehoods.4This is some really good bait, you might catch someone tbh.
8Nice argument. Really showed them!
4Skyrim isn't really similar to tw3It's completely static, all foliage and most NPCs
3I can bother to disprove what they're saying, but should I really waste my time taking very obvious bait?
1It's extremely well written with great character development and actual choicesNo, you'll probably hate it and think 3 will be just as shitYou kill monsters
1No you should start with the third then second and then the first. It makes the most sense, am I right?
1You're an amnesiac mutant searching for your 64'd version of yourself to stop an ancient evil that's awakened.
1Are you implying it's not a generic chosen one and ancient evil story?
Not OP but will reading the books before starting any of the games ruin anything or should I like, play 1 and 2, read books, then 3 or something.
4You forgot serve with consoles9.5/10
1There is a chosen one and there is an ancient thing that the inhabitants of this world perceive as evil, that's hardly what the story is about though.
3Pretty sure you're supposed to read the books first.
3Geralt loses his memory before 1 and gets it back at the end of 2. So if you really wanted to you could do 1  2  books  3 to get the full experience.
Great, and leagues above most vidya storiesYesYou're a mutant freak who must kill the monsters and fuck the women
7As someone who's gone through all of the fiction, I'd suggestThe Last WishSword of DestinyThe Witcher 1The Witcher 2SagaThe Witcher 3Both of the first two games have plenty of callouts to people who were at least of secondary importance, such as Coen and others which you'll completely miss if you don't know about them, and they won't stick in your head either, because you won't be connecting them with anything.
Geralt is dead. All 3 games are non canon and should be ignored. Go read the books
7I'd play 1 first purely so you have faces and voices to go with a lot of the cast that also appears in the books. Not to mention you'll have an idea if you actually like this setting/lore/cast much more quickly than reading a novel.
2you'll completely miss if you don't know about themThat's sort of the point, because Geralt wouldn't know who the fuck they were anyway due to his amnesia.
1How is that? The entire story is you finding Ciri, the chosen one who is hunted by the ancient evil, the Wild Hunt.
83Read the books then.
7Technically the first game starts with Geralt having amnesia, so going in blind to the first game would make the most sense as you also will be just like Geralt.
First game is a shit port, game only uses 1 core
1I can see that logic, but Geralt isn't a blank, self-insert slate. You can use him as such in the beginning of TW1, because hurr durr amnesia, but it's still nice to get all the references.My point is moot if the player will be making repeat playthroughs though, as you should.
9The Wild Hunt isn't ancient or evil. They've been around as long as any other race and there are actually nuanced political reasons why they're trying to get Ciri. Ciri literally is the chosen one though.
1portYou're an idiot
So does the Trial of the Grasses really strip Witchers of all emotions?Everyone always says that throughout the games and even Geralt says it a few times, but I can't tell if he's being serious or a cheeky cunt like usual.
1I tried getting into the series a while back. The games excelled in everything but the gameplay.The story was good, the characters felt real, the environments were alive, enemies were a threat, and the gameplay was meh.I would definitely recommend it, but don't expect too much from the gameplay.
4port/build, same shit
1should I start from the 1st gameThis is a mixed bag. People who aren't used to older school RPG's have a hard time getting into it and complain about the combat, which I never had a problem with to be honest.I usually recommend to skip to the 2nd game since it's more accessible and then go back to the first game - it'll make you appreciate it A LOT more.Witcher series is by far my favorite of all time.
9helicopter/triceratops, same shit
1You've got two swords: steel and silver.Both are for monsters.
9Anon...
4nice shitpostwhat's the time limit for a webm?
2That's pretty much a meme.The reason it's said and considered to be the case is because it dulls and gives a lot of control over the internal body chemistry over to the witcher. So of course they will feel emotions differently when they feel hormones and chemicals differently and can be aware of them on some level.Geralt is more emotional than your regular Witcher because he had more experiments done on him and we don't know how those fucked him up.
Very good, although pretty unsurprisingHow come so many people still haven't played it?You search for your daughterfu and kill monsters
it definitely ranks in the top of RPG storiesif you like PC games and RPGs and are patient, yes. if you're a consolefag who likes action games, start at the 2nd.The game does it good enough.
9they ported a pc exclusive to pc from pc
Geralt in TW3 is seriously the most annoying character I've ever played as. He just has to throw his stupid sarcastic quips at everyone, they aren't even fucking funny. I don't remember being this annoyed by his dumb 2kool4skool attitude in the previous games.It's not as bad in the more emotional scenes, but when he's just dealing with normal people he's fucking insufferable.
8I never read the booksNor play the gamesStay frosty, anon
8I don't remember being this annoyed by his dumb 2kool4skool attitude in the previous games.That's because he regained his memories and that's how he is in the books. Basically all his friends and his waifu chew him out for it and complain about it every time he gets quippy.
7That's because he regained his memories Oh right, that makes sense. I hope he loses them again, what a fucking asshole he turned out to be. I'm going for the lonely ending he deserves.
8He's a loveable asshole moralfag who tries to play the cool guy but fails more often than not. That's why he's cool in TW1 and 2, cause he still doesn't know who he is, so he just plays it cool. Then he becomes Geralt again, but those around him can't help but like him, cause he's an ass with a heart of gold.
0Ciri literally is the chosen one though.No.Ciri is among other things a carrier to the fable Lara Dorren Gene. If i remember correctly her child would be a powerful magic wielder or ssomething, the elves from another plane wanted her to bear their child to be their next emperor - exact details elude me.So she's not really a chosen one, not really a mary sue either, if you read the books, just a really important political/genetic character for a lot of powers.
Playing E.Y.E Divine CybermancyHaving a blastSee this neon light signHave the weirdest fap of my life10/10 game
4SulfatumMon negro
4want to pick this game upeveryone agrees it's fun but the translations are abysmal and you don't get the game mechanics if you don't look a guide up first.
3EveryoneI didn't read a guide and discovering the game intricacies by playing it has been nothing but fun so far.
3Game mechanics are ez, missions generally follow the same procedure:1 kill all dirty Jian/monsters/bandits2 do the shitty hacking minigame3 get to the exitYou pick the Sulfatum, pumpgun or bear killer if you're not some dirty fucking Jian.
Need more Brouzouf
3It's one of those terrible games /v/ likes to circlejerk about, avoid it.
9It's not about the story, in fact i almost always disregard it in any game but i don't want to be given a choice like:-dazuuper-honhonsurrender-kaputwithout knowing what they do.0SulfatumThe kind of shit i was talking about.I know Brouzouf is money but what's that?sulfatum=sulphur maybe?
3Only if you're a young casual fuck who wants to just play through a game once without engaging your brain and see everything that one time. If you remember and had fun with older games where it actually took time to figure stuff out and you might restart a few times or discover new secrets then EYE isn't going to be anything that different.Won't deny a better translation would have been nice though.
4I know Brouzouf is money but what's that?sulfatum=sulphur maybe?Nigger, did you even play the game? Sulfatum is the minigun in OPs post, you get to pick it in any nearby armory.Jesus Christ, some people really do raise the autism bar sometimes.
4Brouzouf is obscure french slang for money.
3It's not obtuse in the slightest, unless you're a millenial that never played old RPGs with good worldbuilding. The story on the other hand is a complete clusterfuck though not bad at all.If I had to compare it to another game, it would be Killer 7. Both give that sense of "what the fuck is happening" vibe
9No, i didn't play it, that's why i'm asking opinions about the game.What do you want me to do, go to gaming journalism sites?youtube let's players?Fuck that.
3Might as well be, technically apart from pokemon red my first RPG was super mario RPG in 2010ish and Dark souls last month, that's about it.Exploring is fine, i just don't want to go in like an idiot.3I mean, Metastreum, really?
4What's the difference between calling monsters Metastreum and undead Hollows? Or evil reptiles Koopas? It's just name swapping to make the world more unique
9No you inbred cretin, I want you to go play the game .
4You sound like one of those faggots on steam reviews.
So what was up with the wolf and the serial killer and all that shit mentioned in the background?
2Welp fuck you too, i'm going in.Adding the gift to my library, i'll play in sync with furry simulator strangely optimized RPG
6TF2Dust
0Shit, meant for 1
0What about tf2?Dust is quite fun, too many quest to keep track of and some "secret" areas require a thing that i can't tell is a glitch or not but overall is fine.
4TF2 is a shell of its former self, poorly balanced too. Dust is furry bait
Bullshit! Ultra failed attack!
2tf2 poorly balancedNah.As for the shell thing lobbies are a thing, never had a problem finding one, valve servers are for screwing around.Confirmed matchmaking on the way and the "competitive tf2" guy talked at valve, they are rebalancing things in light of competitiveDust is 100% furry bait but i like smashing things in the face so there's that.
4They're like 8 years late though4Here
3It's fun in the sense that Vampire Bloodlines is fun.It's a horribly clunky and broken game that pulls off some semi-decent execution of great ideas. If you reskinned the game, it would be a much better Syndicate FPS than the one that we got.
3nobody cares about theseWhy is that?
2Finally a reason to post this.
3The translations are abysmalThat's wrong you faggotThe game makes more sense in English than in native French
7Superhuman reflexes has a really low chance of making you avoid a hit, both are not really worth it. You're better off playing decently instead of relying on crutches that happen 1/200 made up number of the time
Do Bullshit! Ultra Failed Attacks actually do anything?Because blowing a dude's arm off and killing him only for the game to say the attack failed is kind of silly
, 
You fucking normies disgust me
My name is not important, and I hate every single one of you.
My whole life is just cold bitter hatred of normies
Just when you think the guy in Hatred is laughable and could never exist.... OP.
What's the difference between Dragon Age Origins, and Dragons Dogma?I've played 2 hours of Dragon Age.Also, I really like the Souls series. Which game will I like more?
they are completely different
one's a shit successor to BG the other is an action rpg loli customizer
They're completely different kinds of RPGs. Why don't you just play both and see for yourself?Dragon age is the world's dullest WRPG, hyped only because they claimed it would be a successor to classic infinity engine games and features romances. Dragon's Dogma is an insane action RPG that plays like the best parts of Elder Scrolls and Legend of Zelda had a bastard child.
6in dragon's dogma you can climb on griffons. In dragon age you "enchantment".
6Dragons Dogma has GOAT-tier combat. Runs like ass though, better start hoping for a current gen/PC port.
8shit successor to BGI know it had some warts but calling it double shit is a bit harsh.
dragons dogma is good dragon age is shit
They are all completely different.They are also all great.Go play them one after one.
5no dragon age is shit
, 
, 
Am I the only person that played Red Steel 2 for the wii and enjoyed it. It had an cool cell shade art style, decent story and good gameplay. I mean it would have been better without the motion controls but overall it was a pretty good game. What do you think /v/?
If this is the only reply by a unique poster in this thread then the answer is yes.
It's a great game. It tried seriously to show that you can use the motion controls properly for stuff beyond waggle and delivered.
It was pretty much just qte-tier combat anon, the motion controls are the only reason it was even worth mentioning, shame they were inaccurate as fuck and generally just waggling garbage.Cell shading is nice if theres a rational art style about it, red steel 2 was just lazy in terms of art style.
1no they were pretty accurate, :/
Risk of Rain thread!Who will host?
bump
Anyone else waiting for Nintendo to win E3 again?
I'm a Nintendo fan, but ehhhhhh, let's wait before jumping on any conclusions. Although I'd like that very much.
4i'm most anticipating nintendo's showing only because i'd be more surprised by what they actually have to show rather than not.here's to 2016 NX reveal and an unopposed console launch in 2017.shits gonna be weird as fuck.
4Square Enix will probably win this yearFFXVDeus ExKH3DQWomb RaiderJust Cause 3Womb Raider
4Bethesda is going to win
I don't want anyone to "win" E3, I want good video games, it really does not matter who the fuck makes them.
4ALBW was ok, nothing more, nothing less.
Tfw you bait a wake up dp
8Great blog! No one gives a fuck.
6Settle down m8
, 
Share your Splatoon themed Animal Crossing outfits here
bring up my post
1ded
Anyone still playing pic related?What would be a fun unusual class to play the game with?
6I'm playing this now for the first time. Real fun.
8What class/party members?
0PC mage, Jaheira, Imoen, Viconia, Minsc and Dynaheir.
Just play baldurs gate 2. This was back when video game squeals were inverably better then the first one because all they had to do was Polish it more and not fix anything. Not broken.
9No. Play BG1 first, it has the best plot.
9No, fuck you. BG 1 does a lot better than BG2, such as a fully explorable open world and a campaign that is more in line with p&p sessions. And if you're a romancefag just install BG1 npc project.
9Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 should both be played. Despite a boring start, you cannot experience the feeling of empowerment if you only play the 2nd one.
3Fucking this.
9I already played the games though i just wonder what could be fun for a new playthrough6Despite a boring startIt's funny, i find the beginning to be the best part of the first game, i usually start to become bored when i get to Baldur's Gate74 Spellcasters
6still playingOn and off, it's not a game you play continuously for years
6If it's your first time, get BGtutu working and equip everyone with ranged weapons, low level AD&D can be suffering.
6I just wish that the enhanced edition's multiplayer worked better, I've played both a looooong time ago and i remember fantasizing about playing with at least 1 or to more players, and minsc or the female drow i cant remember the name :P
64 SpellcastersWhat's wrong?
0Well nothing, just that it must be tedious as fuck
8No, magic is the best part for me.
Playing for the first time as well. Mage, and my party is Jaheira, Khalid, Ajantis, Imoen, and Kivan. Just found Cloak of the Wolf, it is probably the greatest thing since slice bread for role playing purposes. I like to think my Bhaalspawn is actually trying to disguise himself from all the shit tier assassins, and I finally have some variety among this one and the Girdle of Masculinity/Femininity. Here's hoping I'll find a few more.
0It works fine for my friend and myself, except the whole needing to pause and shit.The only crashes we got were dreams, which it's pretty fucking obvious when that is gonna happen so you just save, go single player, go through the dream, reopen multiplayer and continue.
Which areas should i avoid for the first half of the game? Durlag's tower and accumbent?
6Stay away from:Any of the TotSC areasThe Basilisk areaThe Gnoll FortressThe Siren CoastThe Ankheg areauntil you have at least cleared Cloakwood mines.
6I'd say avoid the east side of the map until you get some level. The monster are generally easier on the western area, just be careful near the sea
0Gnoll Fortressgnolls are piss easy
0I forgotThe Vampire Wolves near Beregost TempleThe Firewine dungeon6The sheer numbers of them plus the ogres are harder than any story battle until the Undercity
6 4 SpellcastersImoen isn´t a spellcaster in this one.
In BG2, is clerzerker a viable option?
6pc is mage
6You should make her a spellcaster as fast as possible. She can use bows and has a high constituion which makes her better than all native mage NPCs meanwhile there are much better thieves like Coran and you really only need a thief in Durlag's tower. All locks can be bashed open or opened with the Knock spell.
2yes my last playthrough was as one , though a ranger/cleric would be stronger spellcasting wise
1The guy you fight in the bandits camp, the one at the entrance of the mine and Davaeorn are harder
0Cloakwood minesOk, now I feel kind of retarded for asking, but I have no idea what that is. Have I somehow missed some early dungeon?
7This is like the most uninspired party. What happened to using Shar-Teel, Skie, Tiax or Eldoth. I always use Safana instead of Imoen. This game has so many cool NPCs. 3This so fucking much. Low-level adventuring is the best!
4Fights against humansNever heard of the Charm Person spell?
0Any of the TotSC areasWhich one exactly?the restAlready cleared.
3If we do it like that then Gnolls and Ogre can be put to sleep
2its a quest area west of the friendly arm inn , 3 forest zones before you get to the mines which are about 3 levels deep. you can pick up the best archer in the forest  Coran and a dwarf cleric in the mines
2HOLY FUCK I ENVY YOU! To play BG1 for the first time...Youll get there, as the story progresses
2It's left from the Friendly Arms Inn. Should be your next destination avec nashket mines mainquest wise
2They come after the Bandit camp.
4Ogre can be put to sleep
5*facepalm*
4I've encountered just Shar-Teel so far. And i can't call them uninspired, especially Viconia and Minsc.YOU POINT - I PUNCH!
3No, if it's your first playthrought, then they're totally legit. Have fun with the best RPG ever made!
1789Ah, okay then. Maybe I should hurry up and progress the main quest a little. I was already way too overleveled when I headed to Nashkel mines, and as much as I love aimlessly exploring I don't like accidentally destroying any and all kinds of challenge the mq is supposed to provide. Hell, normally regular maps at least have those level-scaled random encounters, but the Nashkel mines had nothing like that.
4Yes?
Hated the first time I encountered her.
6Every so often, once I'm done with exams it's time to reroll some massive mod compilation.
What is your favourite quest?that boy who missed his dog
7Sometging should be invented to let you temporarily forget certain games so you can play them for the first time again.
1that biatch
3role playing gameleaving your childhood friend behindThat's not a persona I'd like to play.
tfw no Baldur's Gate 3tfw no Icewind Dale 3Why even live?
0Stay away from EARLY FREE EXP until the second half of the game.For what purpose?
1The sheer numbers of them plus the ogres are harder than any story battle until the UndercityI went through it without healing and low on supplies with a badly unfinished team.No arrows/bullets.Nigga the gnoll fortress is the easiest part of the game.The crawler in the cave is the only part that can possibly fuck you up.
"HEY-YA IT'S ME IMOEN"
3walk into Lord Foreshadowhe lives in Neverwinterbut he's actually from WaterdeepWaterdeep when?
3Baldur's Gate 31.5 soon
4Waterdeep was in hordes of the Underdark
Mfw I'm playing bg2 for the first time on my iPhone 6 plus.
3Go away, Sarevok.
Fuck, now I'm considering buying Baldurs for my Android Tablet.It also costs like few bucks, should I /v/?
actually check the whole map where the game is located baldur's gate map is the equivalent of switzerland on world mapand there isn't more RPG game located in that very same world ?man i'd eat more RPG from the same world any time if they were all good like baldur's gate
9I wanted to punch her so hard because of that voice. But she is surprisingly quiet after you recruit her.
4buyingandroidWhat you doing man, download it
6Assassin/Mage is funPoisoned fireballs
6I'm not poor and it literally costs a couple of bucks.
1The whole forgotten realms games yeah, they all take place within Faerun.
7What's wrong with her voice?Do ya wanna tell me a story bout' trollops and plug tails? Please?qt
1The steam summer sale is probably coming soon. you could easily get it on there for a few bucks
10Baldur's GatesBaldur's Gate Dark Alliance 1&2Icewind DalesNeverwinter Nights'DaggerdaleOff the top of my head of games that take place in Faerun/Forgotten Realms, I want to include Champions of Norrath but I think that's part of Everquest series
2That map.. shit nostalgia just hit me hard.Are those enhanced editions from Beamdog actually worth playing? Or is it literally widescreen mod that was available years ago?
1Gateway to the Savage Frontier and the sequel Treasures of the Savage Frontier let you explore the area north of Baldur's Gate.
7It's tutu with horrible OC characters and additional bugs.
0What?Any of the TotSC areasIce prison is a bitch but if you have EE +100% frost resist belt it's easierWerewolf place would be retarded to go to earlyDurlag's upstairs is doable at level 3 or so.The Basilisk areaScroll of protection from petrifaction or whatever it is, or just use the ghoul quickly.The NPC party is the only challenging part and they die pretty quickly to hold person + distraction spells while you pelt them with arrowsThe Gnoll FortressBaby tier difficulty, do this before nashkel mines, especially with edwin or MinscThe Siren CoastCan be difficult, send in your weakest party member to talk to the siren bitch and then kill her and the ogre mage. EASY exp, even soloable.The rest of the sirens are easy as fuck.Summon skeletons.The Ankheg areaOkay I'll give you this, these fuckers can be trouble even for higher level parties.But not impossible.Once you learn how to fight them they're not so bad, pretty easy to sleep too.
0The Gnoll FortressHell yeah do that before the mines...and make sure you pick up the Ankheg plate from nashkel in the farm at the bottom left.Best suit of armour besides full plate
2Especially for Viconia with her pretty lackluster strength.
So who's your BG waifu?
0None of these. Safana all the way
0Jaheira
0Viconia all the way
0Oh Jesus I never even thought about a harem party.Do they bitch each other out if you start all 4 romances?Also who's the slut in the middle?Edwina?
2Custom character of the artist.
6Wild Mage is best mage. You can only use it if you use say, Baldurs Gate Trilogy to merge the games.Double casts, polymorph other and random free gems are a nice touch, in addition to casting more.
6Sorcerer is far better than Wild Mage.But Wild Mage is definitely #2.
4Yeah, this.I reply BG1 and BG2 maybe once every three years. Same with NWN and the Diablo series.I also play the BG game for the PS2 every once in a while.
3Cast a level 2 spell and then all your level 1 slots will cast anything? Yeah, ok buddy, second best.
2Cast anything with a 40% chance to fuck up and turn you into a squirrel.orChoose the best line up of spells and absolutely destroy ever single encounter solo without even tryingTimestopImproved AlacritySPAM THE FUCK OUT OF LIKE 20 SPELLSWishrestYes you CAN do that as a normal wizard, but you'll never get that versatility during the time stop.
9The final boss fight in BG1 is still miles better than any boss fight in BG2 and TOB.
0Sorcerer-fag, please go.
0Viconia. Always Viconia.
0Jaheira.
0Imoen is my platonic sisteru
5BTFO-fag, make me.
7huh, you're a queer fellow
0Viconia.Best companion, best waifu.fight me
0dirty whore who's had literally thousands of dicksused goodsattention starving, needy maiden who needs constant babysitting through 95% of the gameGuess I'd take Jaheira over the other two.On another note, Imoen's the best. Every single party member will abandon you if your reputation gets too low or high even if you romance them, or starts fighting with others in your party. But your imouto will always stick with you even if you go around burning villages and murdering children.
8But your imouto will always stick with you even if you go around burning villages and murdering children.Your post just reminded me of how shitty the evil options werepick good option100000xpsword of kill +6-100 goldpick evil option1000 gold500xp-2 repWhat's the point?
6Yeah, there's no reason to be evil, just time-to-time kill a peasant for maintaining neutral reputation to hold evil npc in your party.
0Mazzy and Edwina are only acceptable answers
6Example of one quest that does it.
4The one where you get the human skin armor?2thank god for the Slayer form
6BG was made with a goody two-shoes protag in mind. Playing evil doesn't really work out. You pay twice as much for all the vendor items, for example. What sane shopkeeper would intentionally charge more when he sees a notorious and armed to the teeth murderer enter his shop?There's like 2 quests in all of BG2 that have an actual evil way out.Also:help some kid with a mundane chorehis father rewards you with Sword of World Destruction +10play evil and instead just kill them for the lootdoesn't drop
8if your reputation is too low they refuse to sell their items to youI'm sure it's a good idea to tell the infamous group of murder hobo to fuck off
There will never again be a weapon as fun as Cursed Sword of Berserking +3I don't care that you can't actually beat the game using it, wandering around the map going apeshit on mobs, getting ambushed in town and continuing to slaughter the entire city, 'accidentally' killing annoying companions.
3With the evidence and the eyewitnesses pointing towards the tanner, you can either let Aegisfield confront him or do this yourself. Both have potentially the same rewards, but you may not gain the reputation increase if you confront the tanner yourself and choose the wrong option.Oh no you get no rep point
6finished it twice, not planning to play again anytime soon.Still, when I play something with my brother it is an Infinity game. Last time it was BG1Never finished TOSC though.
6BG1 plot is ideal, without overblown scale like BG2.Sarevok is more intimidating than Irenicus imho.
3You are in the right. BG2 is surprisingly linear when compared to BG1.I love getting off course to level up some and just spot random adventures.BG2 has a long prologue, and there's not enough wild areas for you to discover. Everything happens in the city and you have some big adventures in contained areas.Is there a game that is not a part of TES that gives you such fantasy p&p feel? I mean you can free roam some in Fallout 2 and NV, but that's post-apo
first time playing a evil party, who should i get as the last member , playing a bounty hunter
8Irenicus is one of the least intimidating villians I've ever seenmuh revengemuh pridemuh godhoodI'm so lonely ;_;And then he gets gangraped by a bunch of demons. Fuck, Firkraag should've been the main villian, suave drake that puts you in a dungeon straight out of Saw movies.
2Well, at least he is more inspired than Throne of Bhaal villain, who I could not give 2 fucks about.
0You're fine as it as, just fill the last spot with Sarevok once you beat SOA portion. I actually hate playing with more than 3 characters since AI starts going full retard in narrow spaces.
Playing up to chapter 6 on the enhanced edition. Currently my party is Fighter PC, Imoen, Khalid, Jaheira, Minsc, Dynaheir. Should I dual-class to a Fighter/Thief? Also fuck Basilisks
BG1 is great also because it has a lot of NPCs to choose from.Too bad a lot of them gets killed off in BG2 for no reason, like the paladin who is Keldorn's squire
3I think there's no reason to do it since you have Imoen.
5Too bad like half of all NPCs in BG1 are shitty thieves....and then you don't get a single good thief in BG2.
5The fuck would you need thief for? They're second most useless class after bards.
5that's why I sometimes play as a thief myself, to bypass this suffering.I hate thief companions in BG, Imoen included. Anyway, in BG1 I tend to use multiclass character for traps and locks
3enhanced edition What are you doing m8Stahp
4Who cares
8role-playing maybe.Plus, in BG1, it's good for stealing Drizzt's weapons, I think one of his swords can only be stolen.
4because I'm not hardcore enough.play vanilla editionthe mage enemy you meet at the steps of Friendly arms inn hands my ass everytimeplay enhanced editionlol what mage?
Just finished beating BG2 for the first time a couple hours agotfw the only boss that wasn't destroyed in 5 seconds flat was FirkraagI guess I shouldn't have played kensai/mageI guess I shouldn't have done every quest in Ch.2
4Yep, playing in tablet is fucking great.
8They're good if you do the fights with finesse over brute force.I like brute force so the most I'll ever get is a Fighter/Thief in the evil party of 4... but still.If you want a good thief, you need to make one as the PC.
5The mage is still there in the EE though
4I know, he dies easily rather when I played the original version.
0Because you know the game better than when you played the original maybe? I don't think they changed his stats/spells
6Agreed. The way there's counters to most of what you'd otherwise try to pull on anything else makes it fantastic.Summon skellington armyBTFO by fireball hurling wizard
5Whoa whoa wait a second, my nigga Ajantis is getting offed in BG2?Goddammit, first I learn Khalid doesn't make it, now Ajantis too? But... but... my party. ;_; There's no way in hell I'm tolerating Jaheira without Khalid, and Kivan is not recrutiable as far as I'm aware.Fuck this. I'm going evil in BG2. Time for revenge, bitches.
Isn't making a melee PC boring ? I'm quite new to D&D so to me they just seems to auto-attack.
2Different kits have different special abilities, kensai get kai, rangers can cast simplistic spells, paladins can dispel and lay on hands etc.In TOB fighters get ebin abilities like whirlwind
7there are some really great NPC companions in BG2: Keldorn, Mazzy, Yoshimo, Jan if you don't mind a bit of lolrandumb, Korgan and Sarevok
0The Basilisk areahe doesn't have best friend Koraxx solo the entire map for him
look up at how many dungeons and dragons vidya gaems were made80 games without counting the unofficial onesWhere do I start ?
0release order
8korax is an absolute beast
8An all-male squad? Well, why the fuck not. How many of these can I take without risking them killing each other?
8Guess I'd take Jaheira over the other two.husband of years diesimmediately proceed to suck the cock of PC 1 week laterYeah anon, go Jaheira!
5all of them, but korgan will get mad and leave with high reputation. Mazzy is a grill btw, lineup is paladin, fighter, thief, thief/illusionist, fighter, fighter.Don't let that deter you though it would be a really fun party
6seems amazing, I'll record a let's play of it and post it on /v/'s facebook page
6low level shit
5all-male + best girlAlthough having a party with Mazzy but without Valygar, Edwin and Korgan is boring
5I-is that literally about sucking?
0low level is objectively the most comfy and adventurous
5Should it have started 1 year of mourning later?Khalid was beating her anyway
0I think korgan spends the whole time hitting on mazzy as well
5To be fair, romancing Jaheira is superlong and tedious, and I think bugged in unpatched game. Its certainly not a week, more like half a year.
0When you are playing tabletop perhaps.On a CRPG?Wow, my mage used 2 spells already. Oops. time to rest I guess!Wow a kobold breathed near the mage. He died.Wow my rogue has 15% chance of hiding in shadowsWow an ogre hit the the fighter tank. He died in 1 hit.Wow everyone but the fighter has 80% chance of missing the enemy and 1 attack/round
2level one sucks sure, but 4-10 are the most interesting in my opinion
3Sold. I shall mourn my party, but I'll get over it. Although it makes me reconsider giving them the permanent stat boosts. Wait, do those even carry over to BG2?
2Better than ToB oh my characters are now demigods capable of destroying whole planet with a fartwhats that? Bunch of interdimensional horrors? Pffft, not even a warm up, let me get my time stop, wish and +10000 weapons
5only yours. Hoard them all
6exactly, I love when things like ogres are a threat, you have to think about how you'll engage them. Use up resources such as spells and precious potions to succeed.
6every random thugs carry a +3 weapon
0Baldur's Gate right was right to fear the might of the Amnish soldiers...
5you will unfortunately miss out on minsc who in BG2 has some of the best lines in anything ever.
Main characterKeldornKorganViconiaObligatory thief which should be Yoshimo, but I guess you're stuck with Imoen later onMinscBest party setup. Prove me wrong. You can't. All you have to worry about is Keldorn killing the shit out of Viconia.
2Keldorn, Viconia, MisncRacist paladin cuck, nerd fapbait and hamster retard. Come on, anon, you could do better
2Yoshimo should be a kensai thief.Anyway, I always use lvl1npc to to make Imoen into a swashbuckler and then dual her at level 10.
9Giving constitution and strength bonuses to my mage doesn't feel right, but on the other hand it's better than wasting them I guess. Oh well. And you just saved me from giving a charisma bonus to a dead man walking. I should be grateful for that, I think.
Posting best character. He's the only barrier between order and chaos
7Keldorn-awesome old guy paladin that kicks ass in the lord's name while well into his sixtiesKorgan-badass berserker who doesn't give a fuckViconia-best healer and she'll ride you into oblivionImoen-loyal sister that will stick with you until the end.sounsd about right. I'd swap out Minsc for Edwin though. Don't need two barbarians in a party and Edwin rocks. Edwin, not Edwina.
7tfw can't romance EdwinaBiggest fuck up of the game. Imagine if you fuck Edwina as a guy and then he turns back and still lusts after your cock.
2Replace Viconia with Anomen and Minsc with Sarevok and it's actually good.
7keldorn literally becomes Torm, the god of justice's right hand man when he ascends in TOB for being the most badass fucker around plus he can wield carsomyr
4oh and he's an inquisitor with free true seeings and dispel magic abilites at twice his level
7That would be absolutely horrible. Fuck this new trend of people liking transgender characters, women with cocks, fags and the like. Fuck it all to hell. You are a bad, bad man, but I don't blame you. You are just a victim of modern times.
3muh explorable world.Boring, bland screens of nothing.
2Once I had Aerie, Jaheira and Viconia in the same party and was 'friendly' with all of them. It goes well for some time, while the romances are still gearing up, but they argue and force a decision. you can also suggest having two wifes, unsuccesfully
3 transgender characters, women with cocksWat? As far as I remember, he completely turns into a girl, with tits and all
mfw one of the EE character threaten KorganYou're a shitty thief stop it
6I was talking in general trends about what people find "attractive" and "sexual" these days.
save Nalia's stupid castleshe wants further helpask if she means political marriage WHAT NO YOU'RE TOO FUCKING UGGO FOR ME JUST DO ALL THE WORK HERE IDIOTWhat the fuuuuuckAnd this is why Mazzy is the only woman I'd ever allow in a party.
3Keldorn is easily the most powerful NPC in the game, and I say that as someone who plays with True Grandmastery tweak.Makes me feel bad for never giving him a chance until my 3rd or 4th playthrough, as I dislike goody two-shoes and holier-than-thou characters. But he's a real bro, his Dispel Magic gets your party out of all the nasty spells that would otherwise have you load the last save, his True Sight is almost instant and frees up precious slots on your Cleric. He can be gotten fresh out of Irenicus' dungeon and starts out with a +2 sword hint: those two Golems in that mages house required for Edwin and an armor that is so good you'll never have to replace it for the rest of the game, incluting ToB. Seriously, Free Action is the shit. Carsomyr is just the icing on the cake.His only real weakness is his abysmal Dexterity, and that can be fixed with the gloves. Which is somewhat bad if you also have Korgan who also has shitty Dex, but still good enough to be in the best party regardless.
1as good as a paladin with free hastes and full grandmastery. Mazzy is the true waifu
8Keldorn is easily the most powerful NPC in the gameAnomen and Korgan will shit all over him
5anomen is extremely unbearable and useless until you complete his quest, keldorn's +6 two hander also makes him amazing
5The first 20 dialogues or so which in itself are seperated by at least several days, only talk about her loss and your friendship. Love for you comes later and dealing with her loss is a central part of the early and middle part of the romance.
5Not even close. Anomen is the best Cleric in the game, and Korgan is a beast with True Grandmaastery Tweak when dualwielding, but Keldorns True Sight and DIspel Magic alone make him the most useful NPC in the game, even if you ignore all the rest he has going for him.
9True Sight and DIspel Magic alone make him the most useful NPC in the gameDispel Magic is useless and is easily replaced with Remove magic/Breach combo. He wont even get to cast it much due to being in melee shit. True Sight is good, but again, can be replaced with million other things. Wielding Carsomyr sure is sweet, the problem is that dual/multi classes are simply stronger
59Actually it's Aerie.At least at higher levels. Because Robe of Vecna and improved Alacrity with a bajillion priest and mage spells in contigencies and spell triggers and timestop Did I mention spell trigger 3 projected images and immunity:divination yet?
2Actually, Inquisitors have a fast cast dispel magic and double the caster level.
2aerie can't cast max level spells due to her low stats though, right?plus the whole, 'muh wings' thing
2Everybody is good in ToB because balance is thrown out of the window, in SoA Aerie is subpar at best.
6BG is a game that is deep enough and has enough content that it has great replayability. If you can get past the bad graphics and antiquated system, the depth and story are really rewarding.I'm playing as a Cleric/Ranger. Pretty good class combo, actually. My team has Kaigan, Dorn, Coran, Edwin, and Baeloth. Tons of fun.
8Yeah, that's true enough. A PC mage/cleric would be truly a thing of marvels though.Anyway, all she really needs is that one or two Wish. Obviously you gave her the the Wisdom bonus at the weird machine Wait...you mean because of the intelligence? I think in BG the only thing it affects is the chance of learning a spell from a scroll.7Yeah, she kinda sucks at lower levels. Not too mention she's annoying.
9Dual or Multi?
2Dispel Magic is uselessI can't believe that I'm reading here. Regular Dispel/Remove magic is almost useless as it's a gamble and more often fails than works. Inquisitors Dispel Magic is twice his level and works very reliably. Breach is a different spell for different purposes, also it requires a visible target to cast on whereas Dispel Magic is AoE and works on Liches, which are immune against Breach.True Sight is good, but again, can be replaced with million other thingsLike what? True Sight is the most powerful spell of its kind and gets rid of almost everything at once and continues to "tick" for serveal turns as the fight goes on. It's almost mandatory for any fight againt casters.2Robes of Vecna on Cleris is really great, but I don't really find it worthwile to babysit a nearly useless chaacters through at least 70 to 80% of a game to finally have her shine. As a multiclass she levels so slow and gets so few spells per level that her puny low-level spells will be almost useless for a long, LONG time and you're forced to take an extra mage and cleric with you who actually can cast reasonably higher level spells.
2Multi.If you play this class combo you actually have both the cleric AND druid spells available for the entirety of the game because rangers get access to druid spells. So you get the best of both healing caster spellbooks, plus your character is a strong fighter that has good THAC0, plenty of attacks per round, dual weilding bonuses, and wears heavy armor. What's not to like?
2Edwin is much, much better at this role. He has 2 more spells per level than Aerie because he is a specialist and his amulet, levels faster because he's a single class, has higher intelligence, and can actually use 9th level magic unlike Aerie. Give HIM the Robe of Vecna and watch him solo Abazigal, Sendai, and Yaga Shura.
9Baeloth is a fucking machine
3Starting at level 8, rangers have druid magic, so dualing a 9 you should get all the druid spells as well.
9Who the fuck is Dorn and Baeloth?
just recently purchased icewind daletakes me 2 hours to make a partyfirst encounter is 10 goblins who immediately run past my warriors and shit on my two 4hp mageshow do i even play this? just keep my mages in town for this encounter and try to get the goblins with my warriors only?
8being this new
6Mirror image and slings are your friend. Mages are pretty much useless until level 3 or so.
0Oh, the Enhanced shit edition. No wonder I had no idea. Fuck that game.
8Classic.
6Anon kun you can cast sleep with the two mages and pretty much nullify all goblinsAlso send the warrior first and the ai is usually braindead enough not to change targets
7She's quiet because she was dropped in at the last minute because they thought the first part of the game would be too hard solo.
2There's a few occasions in BG2 where you may have to give up some statsI think CON is one of them.Strength is useful to increase on a mage if only to lug around more stuff like stacks of potions, etc
5my mages haven't learned sleepi have a "mage" and an "abjurer" i think
5That mage is easy if you use the wand you get early on I think it's magic missles, haven't played in years.
8You realize that Edwina is a joke that's like 15 years old? Who the fuck cares
I actually just beat this yesterday as a boring ass fighter. I didn't mind, though I was told Longsword was the way to go so Minsc's two-handed proficiency meant that he was the DPS melee. Good game overall, hoping Bg2 is better. I liked it though.
1starting D&D game without sleep at level 1That was your first mistake
6Why would you use pure mages at the first place? A Fighter dual-classed to a mage at level 3 is far more useful and a single late-game random battle gives more than those 4000 exp.
1go to nashkelHELLO I AM A RETARD CAN U HELP ME FIND MY TARD WRANGLER?okay, sureTHANK U SIR :It's an easy quest. Gnolls barely even archery. And if you have a mage and sleep its a joke
1The sheer numbers of them plus the ogres are harder than any story battle until the UndercityThere are many spots where you can funnel them.
The colours of infinity mods for BG2 are really fun, at least tomb of the deep gardens is anyway. Some really cool items are available, if you bring enough money to pay for them.Staff of silver and gold20% chance to cause enemies to go berserk on hitGray cloak10% chance to protect from timestopBlue chain mailNon detectionMagic figurine3x per day user can dispel all spells and effects that slow movementNothing is really overpowered, but tomb of the deep gardens has a really cool series of quests.
What's the point of that BG EE hating?
It is useless to resist!
0It's healthy to hate. Increases bloodflow due to heightened bloodpressure and gives us inner strength.
0To be fair, on release, BG:EE was inexcusable. It introduced new bugs and broke quests in ways that the original did not have.Also the new companions are awful.
0The game is hard to like as it is for the modern crowd, and EE reintroduced it at far less than its best.
Witcherfags will defend thisSeriously, people actually think this looks good? It's 2015 and you can clearly see how terrible it looks.denying the massive downgrade2015
oh i get it, it's one of those reverse things
It's not downgraded!It's supposed to look this bad!topkek
8I like it.
Looks horrible, I'm so thankful I didn't buy this shit.Jokes aside, I played Witcher 2 for like 2 hours and that's it. There was just something missing there for me personally to hook me in. So I probably will not be getting W3 no matter how good/bad it looks.
That looks comfy as fuck. Why are Witcher games so comfy?
3you're missing out
3OK
8that actually looks pretty sweet, like a 90s adventure game brought up to par with last gen graphics
Europe is really beautiful.
There are times when, in your quest to shitpost as hard as you can, you look absolutely flaming mental.Take a break from 4chan for a week. It'll do you good.
3Witcher 3 is almost a completely different game.
You deploy waves of mobile infantry from your space ships in high orbit, creating different squads of troops and mechs.They come onto the planet in drop ships and only in waves, giving it strategic depth when you should build units.Research upgrades on the ships in high orbit. If they get destroyed from plasma you have to call in reinforcements.Each kill increases unit morale; Enough morale increase will make them veterans you can bring on new missions.Can get special units like Roughneck Troopers.Objective is to get the brain bug on each planet.Special missions where you build outposts and defend them while a separate team you control recons the brain bug's nest.You control the brain bug and it's swarm.Objective is to get the big bug batteries to the mobile infantry drop zone and destroy the enemy ships.Nest tunnels spawn bugs periodically; Much higher amount of units than mobile infantry since you're on a harder offensive and also because it's cool as fuck.Only 5 plasma bugs. If you lose these you have to run away with the brain bug.Entire play style is swarming with arachnids and heavy microing bigger units like tankers.Final missions plays this song as you both clash head-on.think after the commercial success of Starcraft someone would make a Starship Troopers RTS that wasn't bad.
Discuss
I'm glad, for a while it seemed like 343 was promoting their w Spartans but now they are shutting all over them in favor of the chief.
I dont understand how anti covenant propaganda is BTFO for spartan 4s
4Don't trust Covie liesdont know why but that made me laugh so fucking hard
8I like the "hinge-head" dig.
8AROUND ELITES YOU ONLY GET BEAT
I don't understand
7Senator andrew dorito says sII's are dangerous and says le spartan IV's are the future, because of what Chief "did". In reality it was a bunch of faggots called sapien sunrise who are xenophobic and crashed an alien peace meeting with no survivors and Chief had to get all the senators out of there
we've finally reached peace relations with an alien race, one of the greatest achievements of mankindxenophobe fags wanna screw it up cuz "muh reach"
Basically the government is shutting in chief and supporting Spartan 4's.You, as a viewer, are supposed to think the opposite.It's good because it puts to rest the rumors of 343 trying to push dude bro Spartans as better than the chief.
you haven't forgotten about this, right?post vidya related things that we have been blatently being lied to.not talking about little graphics downgraded, I'm talking about right on bullshitting us
0jesus fuck, I shoul've read over it before posting.
YIFFE!
Mystery cards are dropping on Steam. It's happening.
I actually play the game, only months after.
How do they drop?
4i haven't seen any
Go check badgesmfw it's real
I have never gotten a random booster.
My wishlist is ready!But no cheap Russian games from traders means I'm going to buy a fraction of what I bought last time, probably just shit that's 90% off.
1wishlist with over 20 gameswhat a faggot
526 herewhy the cutoff?
5Why is it my fault that you're casual?
8OH SHIT
2You craft a badge from steam trading cards and get a mysterious card.
Feels good to have 1000+ games on Steam but still not be the type of faggot that collects meaningless cards/badges
anyone crafted a mysterious badge yet? What does it give? I have no intention of crafting anything myself but I am curious.
6not craftable yet
4hey guys remember that paid mods thingi do
4So does that mean that Summer Sale starts this week?
How do you complete a card set? Do people just pay or trade?
100 cardshave to buy them with moneyor trade with friendsguess this one's not for me
4giving a fuck about steam after greenlight/paid mods fiascoYou cucks will never learn.
4It's gonna be the summer sale cardsprepare for ultimate disappointgranted last year's event was utter shit and rigged, it'll be difficult to top this
why is steam all about trading cares nowwhat happened to video games
5being vidya gaem wal-mart is a lot cheaper and profitable than actually investing in making games themself
hyping for summer saleafter the last 4 years of shitKek
0I hate the "Steam sales are shit now" meme, when every Steam sale comes with historical lowsI own like 1200 games on Steam and I always find something worth buying in every single sale.
7Comes with historical lows on old or indie games that has already been on sale a million times.
0problem about last years sale was that nothing worthwhile was released in the time from 2013-14 or it was so fucking new that you couldnt expect any worthwhile discounts.this summersale will propably be a lot better in case you have some indies on your wishlist or didnt buy last years bigger releases like div:os or ayylium
71.2k gamesholy shitnoicedid you play at least half of them? 
6To some extent, but I own most old and indie shit already.If I remember, last year Pinball Arcade went on sale for the first time, TDU2 got discounted for the first time and Flight Simulator X debuted.
1Fuck no.
0Also, during the Holiday Sale, I picked up this sweet-ass game using the gems auction at a fraction of its retail price.
1That's a real gem of a game.
bought counter strike to play with my friendsdecide to open one crate just to see what happensget a knife woth £200my steam wallet is ready for the summer sale
0That's not a gloatable list of games on sale. Granted they're new to sales but they wouldn't sell for shit otherwise. If it was still 2009 valve shit like mgs v and other good games would be on sale. Plus a lot of the sale games will be green lit games and the paid dlc was probably planned for the sale too.
7Nah, I really wanted the Pinball Arcade titles. I like goofy shit like that, though.
Steam Summer Mod Sale
4buy the game during sale600 hrs and still goingbest sale ever
75I meant paid mods
7how the fuck do we craft a badge?
2if you have every trading card from a game, go to the badges menu, hit the craft badge button
Half the reason Steam sales now seem shit is because places like GMG and Nuuvem do similar discounts year-round.I'm hoping the big 3D Realms bundle gets a good discount. I love that old Apogee shit. 75% off Shovel Knight and Ori and the Blind Forest would also be nice.
1Sweet as fuck those auctions, I won 1 of the manhunt auctions and got 16 copies for some reason.
PROTIP: DON'T LOOK AT THE STEAM SALES KEEP AMAZON BOOKMARKED
HAPNIN
7but i don't support amazon
5Alright.. How do you get every trading badge from a game?
9the fuckhaha
0Their sales are better. Also you actually own the games you get from amazon too.
7FWIW, Amazon's main sale is already up and it's utter shit. Literally the only good discount is on that shitty Star Trek game.
8Also you actually own the games you get from amazon too.what do you mean
0Trade/buy
Today is my pay dayPLEASE NODON'T DO THIS WITH ME GABEWHAT WILL I EAT THIS MONTH
5Games you get on steam are licenses tied to your account. They can be revoked at any time.
6Anddddddd interest lost. Thanks for the help though.
tbh I don't think there's anything I desperately want.
4How fucking new are you?
5Actually, thinking about it, I wouldn't mind Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel if it gets a heavy discount say 80% off. Not paying $15 for it, though.
8Unless they decide to revoke your purchase and your left with just installer file on your harddrive. You own it as much as pirate would own his image file.Besides, amazon can go suck a cock, valve at least hasn't build it's empire by fucking over tens of thousands of people.
4Don't listen to his shit. You can get cards from playing games or just leaving them on idle as a background process.
9Send me one buddy
9but you can't get full set of cards just by idlingyou have to trade/buy
Can't wait to see what the money changers come up with this year.
giving that fat fuck moneyFucking valvedrones
3valve don't fuck people overpaid modsearly accesssell licenses
4I literally only want Dark Soles 2's expansions, nothing more.
2it's you own damn fault if you buy early access games
5You can get booster drops
5sent :
7Received :^
Yes good goy, spend your hard earned money on games you''ll never play.Gaben Newellstein needs his shekels
0but it is highly unlikely you get all cards different for the crafting process
0Yeah wow I'm sure the chances of you getting half of the cards you need through playing and then also getting a booster pack which gives you the other half of the cards you need are huge!
3That doesn't make it an acceptable sales practice.
15I only have Mafia 2 on my wishlistshould I buy it?
0How? Because I never get booster drops. Is it exclusive to only a handful of games?
9yes. I beat that game like 3 or 4 times.
2Yet none of things compare to things that amazon does do its employees.Besides, amazon still sell licenses just like valve, unless you buy physical copy, which still is a technically a license.
9if it gets discount you are ok with
9he didn't get it free from gmg
0by the time half life 3 comes out, i still might not have a booster pack
96summer sale it is then
2paid modsdon't exist anymore. business exists by taking risks, they took, failed and admitted their error.early accessthat's totally on you for willingly giving money to something that's blatantly stated to be incomplete. it's not any store's responsibility if you're trigger happy with mom's credit card.sell licensestell me more about those games you can buy and suddenly you own the IP/copyright
1fuck off grandpa, go waste your hard-earned money on your shitty whiskey and The Wall Street Journal like a grumpy old fart
The only thing I want is for the SFIV costume dlc to go on sale. I genuinely can't think of a single game that I want.
8the more badges you have, the better chance you have of getting boosters, if you dont have any badges you'll never get one
3You own physical copies
5God fucking dammit. I guess I'm never getting boosters then. I've got shit cards as is, and fuck spending money on cards that do nothing.
I think i have too many games
2the only purpose of the cards is just to get more cards, or craft badges to show how rich you are, so the best thing is to just sell all of them, make a little money out of it
3Naw.
0Fair enough. Last time I checked, I don't have anything too rare. Maybe I'll make a quick dollar out of them.
0You're lucky to get one booster pack a year.I actually just got a TF2 pack this morning. Before that, the last booster pack was probably some time in 2014.
5plus you are only eligible to receive a booster packs from the games you have no drops left2i have steam account with around 80 games and its level 4 and i get at least 1 boosterpack drop every month
5if you have a sell a bunch of cards from your games, itll probably be enough to buy something decent during the summer sale
4at least you got a booster faggot
1It's true. I bought 50 games in the christmas sale and I only got around to playing 10 of them. Thank god I stopped using steam after the jewish shit valve kept pulling, paid mods were the last straw for me.
5You can sell cards from one game and get cards for another using money earned from selling cards, you don't lose any real money that way. It's not worth bothering with though, better to just sale everything.
5even with steambucks it's still buying :^
9Anon, I will trade you a copy of King Of Fighter 13, a copy of Frozen Synapse, and a copy of defy gravity extended for two copies of manhunt.I'm serious. I live in Australia and want them.
So, no more voting to get summer cards this year?
0which are also licenses. you can't alter their content and resell them with your name in the credits.an offline installed game is as good as a disc-based game in terms of availability. and complaining you have to access the internet to download your games is DSP levels of retardation.
0not likelyit was the same way last year
4I got two boosters before I gave a fuck about cards and stuff. I just looked at my inventory and they were there, and I didn't have a single badge back then.This was over one year ago. I haven't gotten a single booster since I started caring.
reminder to buy sacks now because with the event the price is going to sky rocketthis is the only time i will post this
8Anon I can't trade them it says so in the pic.The only thing I can do is gift them.
Early steam salesways to get items and games just by participating by playing old games or buying new onesrussians come in steal credit cards and exploit the systemvalve doesn't do it anymoreI remember when steam sales were fun even if you didn't spend money
4Huh, that sucks. If you were someone I knew I'd just ask you to gift them to me, and have me gift you back, but seeing as we are both strangers, we can't trust each other.Amazing.
it would be more intelligent to save cards and craft shit in the event? or just try to get the mystery cards and sell them really fast
5Event cards usually go down in value as the sale goes on, while people buying and crafting regular cards boosts their value.
5Craft your shit right now, save the mystery cards and sell them on the very first day of the event
9The last ones were worthless. It's not worth it.
8jesus christ saved
4I only crafted like 2 badges and I've probably gotten 4 booster packs.
Oh boy I can't wait for another rigged community event!
4How often do you log in? You're only eligible for a booster pack for a week every time.
1It likely will. I still have it in my inventory from like 2 years ago when it went on sale.I'm hoping for a heavy discount for the USF4 upgrade
4What is happening?
4IM HOPING FOR IKARUGA SALE
I just want Steam Gems to come back, that shit was the best
Time to buy gems??
1mfw I got both Mafia 2 and Civ V from that giveaway
9How often are they, though?I'm out of the loop so I've never really heard of cases unless maybe someone really fucked up with online cheating etc.
Is there any point to the trading and collecting, though? Is there a better way to make money off the drops than just selling them for $0.0004 immediately?
I have a few badges ready to craft, are the mystery cards already dropping? Can you sell them already?
4I get one booster a month
3it's foolish to start crafting now since crafting badges once the summer sale event starts gets you a summer event card. within the first few minutes it starts is when you should craft badges, provided steam doesn't fuck up and shut down since 6 million+ people will be using steam at that time
3They usually aren't. Just don't try doing a charge-back after buying a game with your credit card or use over 300 confirmed hacks, for example. He seems to be caught up on the fact that Valve can even though pretty much every EULA says that a company/service can do X thing. They just don't unless you give them a good reason to. It's to cover their ass and set up some general rules.
31the cards are dropping already
The booster pack drop rate is such horse shit. You only increase the odds of you getting one if you lvl up your steam profile but you have to lvl it up to a ridiculous number. I'm lvl 42 and haven't gotten a booster pack in months. If the booster pack drop shit isn't a rich getting richer system I don't know what is.
giving a shit about cards, badges, xp, achievements, trophies, gamerpoints or anything like that
4When does the summer sale begin?
0You're missing the point. It signified that the sale is starting soon, and also marks an opportunity to make money for those that care.
6How do I make money from these then?
3Oh fuck you're right. Price is already low though.
5You sell them on the market, obviously.
57p8p17p5pWow m8 I'm going to be fucking rolling in it after selling these
5Keep crying bitch nigga.
5I bet you just wanted to show off your HuniePop cards.
5Never said you'd be rolling in it. It's better suited as credit to get some games even cheaper. But I'm talking about buying a bunch of these cards low and selling them high if you're willing. In previous sales nobody knew what the cards did so they were like 3 cents before jumping up to like 30 cents each for a while.
83gibe monie pls
9No, don't give any money to those fuckers at 2K.
I HATE THIS SHITTHIS IS THE TRUE CANCER OF STEAM
9it just means extra planning is required to game the system.
9but i just wanted to surprise my little brother by getting him to level 10
4What level is he?
46
4Really? I get like 3 booster packs pack this year, you just need to get lucky.
Wait, so if you can't sell mysterious cards that drop when you craft a badge for a week then where do all those cards that are currently on the market come from?
4there is no "cooldown" for drops
4I've crafted 7 badges today and I'm allowed to sell just one of the mystery cards I got from it. I don't know why.
8But there is
1thats weird
8Muh nickles
9Well, yeah...What's your point?
1If you buy a card on the market you need to wait a week before you can sell it. If you craft a badge with this card and get the mysterious one you need to wait a week too, just because of that card that had the timer.
8Oooooh, I see, thanks
Should I?
1Yeah, and post result.I don't even know what this is about.
1Do it
1I triple dog dare you.
11Only just noticed now, but there isn't a craft buttonhow mysterious
6set up for steam sale next week? These are obvious placeholders
44there are people who care about their steam level.unless you're some skin trading faggot who relies on being reputable who gives a fuck? besides good goys
1Probably.
How do you get these fucking mystery cards?
2read the thread
51anything over 10bitch please, everyone knows you get rewards for having atleast 10 forced games on that list and I always tend to have 9
0it's going to always be cards from now on isn't it
9same as every monthabsorb moisture from the next door guys house
9lucky duck! that game was awesome!
5yeah imagine that, he can play the game up to 16 times now!
4or just pass it around to friends.
7friends
9C-can I have a copy? My sister really wanted to play this and my ps2 copy is scratched to hell and back
I just wanna craft all my badges hnnngg
So in the past, the idea was that you'd trade your holiday cards to craft the badges too?But now steam apply a 1 week wait time before things can be traded on the market. Anyone think this will eventually be lifted?
3Hurts them in the long run.The market doesn't move as fast, they don't get their share of each transaction as often.
3I hope so, otherwise the events will be a bit frustrating. But the reason the restriction is in place is because the system isn't robust enough to prevent abuse, so they would have to figure that out first.
Okay, I sold my HL2 cards and bought the four Garry's Mod cards I needed, and crafted the badge. Now what? Just wait for the mystery game Half-Life 3 to come out?
5craft 5 card game badges. CSGO is really cheap and so is The Shivah
5You mean badges for games with 5 cards or 5 badges? Do I get the rest of the cards for this?
29 games to idlewelp, time to get started then
7might as well. the more you have the better
6136 games with drops remainingmfw
9give them to Ozzies and Kiwis
7You get one random cards per badge craft.16Including foil there are 20 to get.
6Wouldn't they have a block on redeeming it?
5not buying the Shivah at this price would be annudah shoah, you dirty goyim
So should I start crafting now? I got $40 to spend on cards
6Spend it on games when the sales starts one week from now.
they should clean up the badge page to show all the badges you made, not just the highest level.im not gonna craft over my level 1 adol christian
You buy your Xbox One yet, /v/?It's actually got games, unlike a certain other console.
The fact that you have to say to people that the Xbox has games and people need to buy it says something.
What games? It's got jack shit. Unless you wanna play halo 5 this console has got nothing.
Nah. It's got a terrible UI and that's about it.
4
ill probably get it when halo 5 is out
Why do Blizzdrones refuse to accept that WoW is dying for real this time and it's time to move on?Bleeding 1 million subs a monthThe lowest production value expansion ever releasedTwitter and SELFIEsMythic Guilds are disbanding left and right because they're having trouble recruitingAll but a couple of servers are like ghost towns with empty citiesBlizzard implemented a $5 increased price token to offset sub lossesWhy can't they let it go and move on? Activision/Blizzard is the new Sony. Sony killed off their own game with SWG by doing exactly what Blizzard is doing. In 1-2 years, WoW will have under 2 million subscribers, possibly even 1. The worst part is, there will still be about 50,000 of you guys who keep buying their $25 store mounts. I do not get it. They keep shitting on a plate, making you buy your own fork and you guys keep gobbling it up. Is it Stockholm Syndrome? Is it the whole time investment? What is it?
9Why do you care so much? The only time I ever hear someone talk about WoW is when they are bitching about it. If you don't like it, don't play it. Pretty simple concept.
1Pretty simple concept.30% of their playerbase since WoD agrees with you and counting.
1Because marketers need to try to hook some retard subscribers
3marketers How is any of what people are saying about WoW right now good publicity?
Oh shit it's coming
2Is it?

Garbo?
, 
what are you looking to pirate guys, when fallout 4 comes out i gonna pirate it since it gonna have shit graphics like always but a nice game playi could pirate me witcher but i have a toaster#myblog
I just got cities skylines just to see what the fuss is about, seems cool, might drop the dosh on it next week
4Do you think you'll be able to pirate the mods?
1yeah
I wish cyber pirates had to fight each other for control of their winnings like in old times
night, sweet prince
5Shit what did he died from?
7No idea
WHAT THE FUCK I thought it was the typical joke post but it's real. Loved his music.Rest in peace, Kirill.youtube.com/watch?v=i8LNfbyZXrwyoutube.com/watch?v=yLxHHbqDzjI
5Alright phewThats not the guy that writes the storiesWe still need those old assholes as long as bioware exists
7Lymphoma type b cancer
Damn... sad to hear.I was listening to Forest and Wind on a constant loop a few months ago. Got me through some tough times. It's still on my phone.
5That song is beautiful
this fucking song reminds me of chrono trigger and I don't have a clue as to why. Is the progression the same as one of nobuo's songs or am I just imagining it?
After much deliberation, we regret to announce the official shutdown of Infinite Crisis. We will end development efforts today and will close the service on August 14, 2015.My 28th birthday.
2My 28th birthday.And you're still playing video games?
Kek, This game literally came out like 3 months ago
2yeah loserI play video games and browse /v/ now but when i'm 28 i'm definitely going to be touching boobies and making lots of money
2at least the art was good
2didn't this game come out like a year ago? Maybe devs might realize making a MOBA isn't guaranteeing Dota 2/LoL amounts of players
Strife is alright if you still want a steam-based not-dota moba.
That's what happens when you try to get in on a genre solely for the huge money that other games in the genre are making.Same shit that happened with all the wow clones with MMOs. MOBAs are just a fucking cash cow genre that has tons of garbage made for a quick buck and only 2/3 games that matter.
7Infinite Crisis began closed beta testing on May 8, 2013.The game went into open beta on March 14, 2014.The game was released on Steam on March 26, 2015.
2literally shut down two months after releasethis is hilarious
2are they gonna make every hero free or something?
2source?
0Just check their website
2in beta for two yearsclose in two months after releaseWay to go
03yeah found it my b
3It's by Anonymous so I don't think it's real.
9Between now and August 14th, the game will remain available to play completely free.
assfaggots developer shutting downGreat news. I hope every single talentless shit in that studio is without a job now.
This and Dawngame just prove that Mobas are the new MMO. Everyone wants a piece of it, but unless you have some big gimmick to set you apart SMITE and Awesomenauts with the different camera angles, no one's gonna bother and will just go back to LoL/Dota 2.
6Pretty much this. Nothing about it on the forums,o r on their twitter feed. Nice ruse.
5Did you get banned for poor sportsmanship bro?
0It's on their facebook.
06
I can't wait for the same thing to happen to Heroes of the Storm.
0But why?
0The comic was good, Gaslight Hawkgirl and Luthor were great.
Make this a lesson. Just because you put recognizable superheroes in your "me too!" MOBA doesn't mean it will be at all popular.
0HotS is unique enough that I don't think it will happen. I play it every weekend and have no trouble getting into games. Almost every single Tychus I see bought his expensive skin too. It's definitely making Blizzard money.Infinite Crisis was never praised. Outside of /v/ I see HotS get praise all the time for being fun and more like a battle arena than other moba. Infinite Crisis was basically a shitty League clone that's sole gimmick was that it had DC characters. It was not at all fun to play.
3Dawngate was the only new MOBA I actually kinda liked. It could've flourished if EA didn't decide to just shut it down there and then because of their sudden focus on mobile F2P games instead of PC ones. Really unfair on the devs.
I though this is the 3D action F2P game that Namco Bandai has for Steam.
2Yeah I was thinking the open beta, didn't think it actually 'released'fucking abysmal
Flash vs Doomsdayhow is it not over in an instant? All he does is run fast, Doomsday killed Superman
5Strife is alright
I love seeing retarded shitty games fail. It turns me on.
Turbine used to make amazing MMOsNow they make Justice League of LegendsFuck Atari, we'll never get DDO2 now.
0wont happen because blizzdrones will eat up anything by blizzard
6All he does is run fast
2All I do is you're mom
7i'm definitely going to be touching boobies and making lots of moneyfucking normalfag shits of my sekrit klub
Maybe if it was more like Marvel Heroes it would have succeded instead of being a half-assed HoN
Word of mouth says this game was a very generic moba with the only main selling point being DC characters. Not surprised it died.
3Yeah, Dawngate was surprisingly good. It basically took the best from every MOBA out there and smashed it into one game.
6I need a character like Zalgus in some other MOBA. Snobby prince-like effeminate guy.
2That's Rise of Incarnates or something like that. Seems like Harada is bored with Tekken  seventh one is the best example of this 
I wonder how hard Gigantic will bomb. It looks like they put way more money into it but it also looks boring as fuck.
2i've never even heard of this. What is it? When did it come out?
5read thread. but basically, about 2 months ago. damn near a world record I'd say.
5Was in beta for about 2 years. I played it really early on. Was fun but I didn't care to play it very often. Came out for real on Steam about 2 months ago.
5A couple months ago. Was in open beta for a year before that.It was essentially LoL but with DC superheroes.
was this a video game? I thought it was a webcomic set in the DC universe. I don't recall ever seeing in-game pictures of this
I'm wondering how long it'll take until Strife gets shut down. No one wants to fucking play that shit when LoL and Dota 2 exist. Doesn't help that it's apparently incredibly P2W now as well.
7Not fun to playDang I actually was enjoying the shared gold, two lane system and how all the skills had strong impact. Welp looks like I'll done
8It's both. Digital comic based on the game but ended up being better than it.
5It's been in beta for a long time. The map is almost identical to the Dominion map in LoL, with gameplay being more or less the same. The only gimmick it had was the DC characters, but aside from that it was fairly mediocre.5It kind of is, but it's not really a MMO but rather a multiplayer title. Shortest lifespan for a MMO was around 150 days or so.6Despite /v/s massive hatred for MOBAs, they're very difficult to make right. LoL did a lot of things right by streamlining the concept, and Dota 2 is backed by Valve.
6Strike is fucking awful. I couldn't play more than ten matches of that watered down shit before giving up on it.
2Holy shit that was fast.I can only hope they keep making art
7HOTS doesn't seem to be doing very well. The sole reason it'll survive is because of Blizzard's name. It's the blandest, most insipid moba I think of, and I've played a lot of MOBAs. I can never play more than a round or two at a time. Its prices are also obscene.BLC and DI:E are examples of unique MOBAs, but I don't think there's much room for anything other than LoL, Dota and Smite.
2That was fast.I remember just signing up for it a couple months back. lol never even got a chance to play it.
8HotS isn't really a MOBA, it's a hero brawler. To be honest I'd say it's the imported MOBA mechanics that's holding it back. I fucking love hero brawling, but instead you're forced to sit on lanes and harass and shit.
8A lot of people don't feel the way you do about the game. I find it a lot of fun and enjoy its much more fast paced nature. Every time a new hero comes out I see them in every single game and I see at least one costume every game too. People are buying stuff without a doubt.And it just entered open beta. I think it's only going to get more popular. If SMITE can survive HotS certainly can.
6Strifeincredibly P2W now as well.wut? Last I checked they only sold cosmetics.
8HOTS doesn't seem to be doing very wellGot any information on that? I've never really seen any numbers on it but I can guess they've mad some money from people buying into the beta and getting those bundles.
1Something about potions/elixirs or something that give you big bonuses. You make them with a currency you get very little of every game, but you can buy as much as you need.
0My friend played the beta then came back to the game after i said i was playing. According him the final release was much better and enjoyable.mfw I'll no longer be able to Irish whip people into walls and throw power bombs as Solomon Grundy
0When I was online there was generally about 2k. No idea how much there is now.
6I played GL and Captain Marvel a lot when I did play. I think they had maybe 15 heroes out when I got into it. Throwing jets at people was fun.
TurbineA Turbine game fails hard....and water is wet.News at 11
6Release was way more fun than beta, that's for sure. Man, it was pretty fun stomping people as Arcane Supergirl and Catwoman.
2SMITE is gaining popularity if anything.It's also hands down the best MOBA to spectate, even if you don't like the gameplay. I don't even play it much anymore but I still watch the odd tournament game.
5Yeah SMITE is quite a bit of fun. I wish I had an XBONE as I imagine playing it on there is probably more enjoyable than playing on the PC.
6thats what happen when you make a shit game
50My only problem with SMITE is its sense of humorthe kind of thing where most of it won't even be relevant to an audience five years from now.
8It's the blandest, most insipid moba I think ofI actually like it because it's barely a MOBA. It's more an arena RPG with minions.None of the dumb set up shit people pretend matters for fun, I just want objectives and to mess with players. The problem is that it still has MOBA-centric maps instead of stuff like destructible footing, auto-platforming, and balanced uneven maps.
60See I played a lot of Moba but there was something about Infinite Crisis that clicked with me. I liked how units shared gold in lane and the maps were a bit smaller to encourage team fights and way points mixed things up.But what really drew me into the game were the skills. They looked like they hurt, ultimate were great see green latern, Superman, Batman etc.However the best thing was that the fights were brutal thanks to the particle effects and camera work. Oh and the short playtime, daily bonuses, merit boosts for not quitting and daily rewards were a nice incentive to keep my attention. The game was full of good ideas that I hope other games steal from
5I still don't believe it was a game. Even in threads discussing it there are literally no screenshots.
2No fucking way.August 14th is my 28th birthday too.14/08/1987
8For every one bad skin, we've a skin like
2lel What? It just came out. Are they closing it because they aren't seeing league or dotashit numbers? Fuck ASSFAGGOTS.
0Yeah I really hope they start to introduce more dynamic arenas that stray further away from the MOBA concept.5I think it's the voice acting that's the problem. Most characters just sound so fucking amateur it hurts. The best voice in the game is the default announcerGAAANNNNKKYOU ROCKIM DUH GREATEST
1It's being closed because the game sucks and is a clone of the least played mode in LoL. It probably has less than 100 active players and just isn't worth keeping alive anymore.
7Two people were born on the same day?! What the fuck!
5VVP
7I know, it's a fucking MIRACLE.
No million eye Killer Croc unitThat would made them a lot of scaley money
2but i thought it was infinite
2click2move
2only the crisis was true.
2Damn, how do you fuck up THIS bad?
2This is just sad.
0I was looking forward to playing as Deadshot, Penguin, Booster Gold and Guy GardnerI am sad
It was pretty much league of legends with DC characters, they recently had a big push opening a ranked mode and a server in brazil.It was fun, I played it for about a month.
27kek2This is why going for the LoL audience is bad. LoL players will stick with LoL especially since riot and tecent are pouring more money into it.DawngateInfinite CrisisNext on the list could probably be Strife or HOTS. But I doubt the millions of blizzdrones won't keep any blizzard IP running.Even though Smite is "unique" enough, I wouldn't trust hi-rez not to fuck it up.Also Garena bought out S2 and HoN, so don't expect that to go anywhere
I played 2 or 3 games during the beta before stopping altogether. Didn't feel, look, or play well.It was pretty ridiculous just how much 'gold' and codes they were sending out to me, and probably other players, to try and hook us. All of which was taken from the switch to open.And I was pretty confident the occasional thread about it that popped up on /co/ was definitely a marketing attempt on their part.
6Game super improved after the beta for final release. Worth a shot since everything is free
, 
/v/ocaroo thread.vocaroo your vidya impressions
, 
Will Xcom 2 be better than it?
Knowing Firaxis, it'll probably manage to have more bugs. Also it will probably be about a hundred times easier.
0doubt it. I expect xcom2 to be as buggy and rng heavy as the first one.
0considering that both are completely different and also that both have very little in common with original XCOM I think u potatoe
hopefully they took a couple pointers from LW
even steam marines is better than this crap
What is the best current version of original X-COM?
6Xenonauts has quite a lot in common with OG XCOM, at least a lot more than EU. Although it does come with the bonus that the most effective tactic isn't just to level everything with a million rockets, and that you don't have to spend $4 on assault rifle clips after every mission.0openXCOM
0Thank you, my friend.
0I really liked Xenonauts but I have to disagree with you. Looking at the gameplay it's really different to UFO.1. Shooting down ufos with planes and keeping air superiority instead of ground assault is a major key to victory2. multi level gameplay is barely existant in Xenonauts3. covering with shields and suppresion make give the game a completely different pacing in ground missions4. management of money is a complete different matter as you cant produce stuff for profitNot many points but they really make it a different game.
0I definitely agree that there are some pretty big differences between the two, and the tactics you use end up being completely different, but they are two very similar games in most broad respects. Also, I don't think it can be doubted that Xenonauts has a hell of a lot more in common with UFO than EU/EW does.
0My version of openXcom has no mutons. I played for like 50 hours and haven't seen a single muton. What is happening
5This
7I think the dev's always on the lookout for new bugs, might want to put that in an email.
White-Ra thread2015not eating home made strawberries
Chernobyl strawberries
e-celeb threadFuck off
there are people on /v/ who've played KOTOR 2 without the restoration modWhat do you have to say for yourself?
I just don't care
haha. my peenus weenus
5HK47's droid manufacturing planet was shit, and clearly obvious why it was cut. It should have stayed gone.
5I have a very good reason.I never played any KOTOR
I just can't force myself through the tutorial and citadel station again
should I mod it even if I haven't played it before?
5The mod didnt exist at the timeGame is too boring to play through again.
9There's a mod for removing that
5Yes
I did but then i got boredpretty mediocre game
What I have to say for myself is kotor 2 sucks ass, it's 90% recycled content from a better game, and even if you restore all the shit that was unfinished the story and characters are an incoherent mess.Every time I say to myself "hey, I'm going to replay kotor 2" I end up reinstalling and replaying kotor 1 instead.
5Yeah, it doesn't take anything away, it literally gives more content, so you won't miss anything from vanilla.Actually, the mod was the difference between a mediocre game vs a game that lived up to its original.
I only owned it on the HUEG for the longest time, just barely got it on PC this year. I plan on playing it with the restoration mod soon enough.
5I never played vanilla KOTOR 2. First time I played, I used TSLRCM.
5What does that mod do?
5there are people who didnt play KOTOR2 on release numerous times overthere are people on /v/ who didnt play one of the finest CRPGs of a generation until years laterwhat do YOU have to say for yourself, you faggot?
a thread where people shit on KOTOR 2 and praise the originalThank god. Everytime I see one of these threads its allmuh superior morally gray charactersdespite KOTOR 1 being more complete and having better worlds considering mods and all.
3What do you expect obsidian drones are legitimately some of the dumbest most deluded people in the world.
5I played it at release, sue me.
2from a better gameLol.5To be frank, a lot of that content should have remained cut. There wasn't enough material to bring it back in without cringeworthy results. Late Nar Shadaa and Malachor V went from bad to fucking appalling.
3I like the way KOTOR2 dismantles George's infantile concept of the Jedi/Sith duality, the Force and their relation to morality. But that's about it. The game itself is garbage and the only noteworthy character is a dirty old woman who serves as the writers' mouthpiece.
Just leave that here
9Learn to use the catalog, you newfag shitter. You dont get e-points for spamming threads like in your reddit.
Can you suggest me a game like pic related, with  lolis  solid gameplay and  good graphics  character customisation?
0PSO2But it's PVE only
