15 days until the gates of judgement open.
Do people still manage to fail on Steps of Faith after the nerf?
4does ffxiv have a site like mmo champ that gives all the necessary xpac info?
3No
I look forward to new players being fucked over as they'll be unable to get through the main quests because no one is doing the forced dungeons.
5Main scenario quests will give double xp and give loot rewards so people don't have to grind for gear.
4Time expired: 53:15Average wait time: 16mWhen is my fucking PvP queue going to pop? Do people even PvP in this game?
0pvp
5class="quote"Second, so that you can do the required content without getting stuck in queues for an eternity especially for dps classes, players new to a given duty will be placed in a priority queue. Basically, you can go straight to the front of the line so you can progress your quests quickly.
0I craft while I wait for Frontlines queues. Takes a while but the matches are generally better since not as many shitters queue anymore. Most people that queue are actually interested in PvP and not free tomes or light.
8No. I just did it for he first time a few days and we beat it in one try. You still have to use the same mechanics.
8mfw 1shot steps pre nerftwice in a rowI really don't get how people thought that was hard
8I did it a few days ago on my bard after switching from controller to kb&m and having had taken a break for three months. I completely forgot my rotation and half of my abilities and my skillbar was half-assed. Finished it in one go. Is that the last actual piece of combat related content I HAVE to do before the expansion?
4See HeavenswordRemember ARR not being that badTurns out they nerfed all the new on top of echo just so retards don't have to learn to gitgudWhy can't there be just one good MMO?
8Tank friend and I Healer did it two days ago.It was so easy we screwed up multiple times Not hitting it with one of the harpoons, the main tank not grabbing adds and still got it done before it broke through the final barrier.Piss. Fucking. Easy. Easiest trial in the game by far.
Can't wait. Won't finish relic in time. Those books took forever and grinding fates for alexandrite is painful. Hopefully the expansion makes this suck 50% less.
age
7Heavensward is already confirmed to be a lot harder than ARR
6[citation needed]
Making some gathering food. Planning on doing leve grind with botany while listening to some music and chatting with bros. Looks like today's a good day.
Between MNK and BLM, which one do you guys think will be the better job overall in HW?
Hope they release more X win's in PvP stuff.
9Can't compare AoE-centric nukes and single target DPS. Both look like they're standing in a pretty good light though. BLM got even more nukey and MNK had all its weaknesses covered.
4how many days until this game finally dies the death it deserves?
0I don't think those kind of rewards ever motivated anyone to play PVP more.
7join staticturn off echo buffFucking solved m8. This is legit just like WoW when it comes to raiding. Duty Finder is LFR and you should expect LFR difficulty when using it.
6the rewards are the same thoughnice inferiority complex by the way, gotta drop WoW in there otherwise people might call the game shit otherwise
7Its the easiest comparison to make. Also why do you still post in these threads Nep? Is high school done already?
I do hope they make some more cute clothes.
7Even with echo buff you still need to do mechanics. Can't zerg everything and instant win.If anything, the echo is a confidence booster more than a crutch.
4How's that relic quest going?
0Who the fuck still does that this close to HW?
0Coolest weapon in gameCan only be used by a tank class, and the shittier of the two tank classes at that
0I stopped at Animus and never looked at that shitty grind again.
9coolest weapon in the gameIt doesn't even have a sharp edge, it's just a paddle.
8It's the last step where it's an even easier light grind. I'll be done by the end of the week.9PLD has more moves in HW, including some actual PLD like heals barriers, and new combo
So I've become a BLM god and was thinking about playing with the melee peasants.DRG, NIN, or MNK- which is more fun?
9Coolest weapon in gameOnly 1/3rd of the blade's length is sharp
And 18 days until my sub expires for good.FC deadStatic deadAbsolutely no one to play with nor any desire to play anymoreI only wish I hadn't pre-ordered already.
3The game is closed behind closed doors apart for NDA closed beta testers and press whenever they actually do something about it. Which is good.
Which jobs typically die the most often?
0MNK
8They did say they'll nerf zodiac steps again so I suppose it'll be for anyone who wants that bonus involving your zeta.I can't be bothered to finish my Zodiac for SCH especially when AST looks so appealing.Did they say what AST's limit break was because Celestial Stasis was confirmed to be their level 60 skill.
0MNK for pure awesomeness. Job is underused and it has more utility and can pull the best DPS if used right .
2
2The joke is Dragoons are always the weak link, but in most higher-end duties it's Summoners, Scholars, and sometimes Ninjas that are too retarded to stay out of boss AoEs.
2Fuck my brain. I meant to say it has more overall utility compared to DRG/NIN
2undeniably DRG. partly because retardation, but also because their jumps have animation locks meaning they'll be stuck in an AoE that decided to open up the moment they use a jump.It's a recurring joke even to the devs where they make fun of loldrg on a regular basis.
5you got lucky and didn't see any of the direst retards running around like chickens with their heads cut off, not using cannons on adds, tanks not picking up adds, DPS getting stepped on and dying over and over, etcI cleared it second go because I lucked out and got a group of pubbies that both listened and learned.
8There are people on my server still doing ATMAs
5Can this game not even fucking have punches and kicks without a billion flashy particle effects raping the screen?
6NIN has as much utility as MNK with Dancing Edge + Trick Attack A reliable stun/silence in JugulateMonk has better defensive utility, while Ninja brings better offensive utility, so you should always strive to have one of each
2There are... auto-attacks?
7DRG brings more overall DPS than both though.
5Dead people don't do DPS.
5Asspained MNKposters incoming
5They have greater burst damage at the start, but no one out dpses monks at the end.
ITT: Make the edgiest DRK macros
5which is why the top raiding guilds do farm content with DRG/DRG instead of MNK/MNK or MNK/NIN, right?
22I also like to think it's because people took the class quest literally about having courage and never backing down, and that is why they just take the AoE damage instead of trying to evade it as that is cowardice.
0Limit Break: "BEHOLD, DARKNESS!"Taunt: "You think you can make me bleed? Go on and try!"AoE: "Darkness swallows all!"Cooldown activation: "HEAR ME, KINGDOM HEARTS!"
13You have to count the piercing debuff for Bard too.
3Also possibility for doing dungeons with pre-made party while ignoring the level synch, so old players can just carry newbs over everything.Personally I'm not fond of that feature, but maybe someone will find it helpful.
9Move servers
0I can feel myself giving into... the {Darkside}!psshhhh... I guess I have to reveal my full power. I'm finally {Unleashed}!By all that is unholy, may your mind be torn asunder by my hand! {Delirium Blade}!
3The other MNK's utilities are usually more valuable than the slight DPS increase you get from having a DRG.
8They still dont out parse monk, what does it matter?
4Defensive cooldowns: "COME GUARDIAN"
0Let's turn down the light!
7Pay another 18 bucks to go to another serverWind up finding no FC or a static that triesMore money wasted just to quit a week into HW
4job? have you cleared t13?
6They do in fights with many breaks, while they're about equal in prolonged fights.At the end of the day, bring a MNK if you want more defense, bring a DRG if you want more DPS, bring a NIN if you can't find a good DRG or if you don't have a BRD.
6bring a NIN if you have a MNK or DRG in your party and they don't want any competition on that STR ring drop
4WHM.Nope, only ever got to make one real attempt at it and reached the final phase.Then anyone who was capable of T13 started quitting or taking a break until HW and I could never find a group.
6Bah, I don't need a whm.
4Faerie is pretty active with end game right now
Get Ironworks Grimoire Can't put materia in it What the fuck is even the point of materia if you can't use it in the second best weapon in the game.
3You use it in crafted items.
7No one does, everyone has already decided they're going SCH/AST anyways.8Faerie is dead.
3to min max with the random 110 crafted stuff, which is completely unneeded outside of some right out of the gate content progression
8I got in there on Trial Roulette and we did it before we even got to the third harpoon
People care about hard contentDon't just stand around chatting with erp friendsNot spending 90% of your time sucking dick or getting your dick suckedNot spending all your gil on cute clothesIt's like you guys don't even know how to play the game.
2Either DRG because of Jump or NIN because of AssassinateDRG has been around way longer though, so they definitely win overall
8I've been doing it for the hell of it, I just started playing a few months back. Gonna finish up my last two Books this weekend and probably stop there.
0I needed one a few days ago, but I just took what I had when the healer I wanted decided not to come.
0False. It's always very active during prime time.
6But I can't find cute highlanders to erp with
0Now sure, but come HW no one is going to want a WHM5Unless something changed in the last 5 months, it's a dead as fuck server.Mor Dhona was a ghost townDead PFRarely saw anyone in any zone
2There's plenty of those though. You can throw a stone and hit three of them.
0Kirito Uchiha: Even Death can't stop me!Kirito Uchiha: Activating Living Dead! se.10Kirito Uchiha: 9 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 8 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 7 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 6 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 5 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 4 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 3 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 2 se.9Kirito Uchiha: 1 se.9
9Both are gonna be good. But if you want to be secure in your job being excellent, go for Yoshi's baby- BLM
2You can turn those off
So did you get those upgrades for HW yet /v/?
6But why would you?
6No one wants a roe cock suckerSo I just do stupid shit like leveling classes and progressing
4I only find cat boys and potatoes...
2Which generally has better que times, slaughter or secure?
91920x1080
0Mor Dhona is super filled and there's tons of newbies everywhere
2Thats the standard monitor resolution. Is this the part where you tell us you play on you 6000 inch TV or something similar?
6slaughter, secure died when slaughter was introduced in 2.4those two modes will probably die with the 3.0 fl map as well
8Why wouldn't you if you don't like the flashy effects
3Of course not. Catgirl dick is where it's at.1Look harder.
0Mor Dhona is super filled and there's tons of newbies everywhereLooks like a ton of people fell for that population site.
So what are you going for 1st in Heavensward?I'm planning to use early access to level up Dark Knight, then continue to use Paladin or Dragoon to progress.
Do rouletteSomeone in your party is a cat in a wedding gownMetallic colored
0B-but what if they are straight or not into other highlander
1ERP at the bench with my bros
, 
About to play some OG Fallout for the first time. What should I expect?
1A blast. This is easily the best game in the series.
It's too late for you.
A post nuclear role playing game.
A fallout game where power armour is actually good.
1To restart 9 times before you finally have a grasp of wtf you're doing.
1Don't play with a guide. Fuck up on your own terms.
1Clunky interface and a good time.
2Maybe not. I first played Fallout 1 when I was 14/15, pirated it because Fallout 3's announcement sparked some interest in the series for me. I enjoyed FO1/2 a lot, more than 3.
1put it all in gambling trust me
You might need to read the manual to understand the menus. Its a really comfy game.
This asshole.
1game breaking bugsthey give you a lot of quicksave slots for a REASON
1also aquire all the companions, and then disregard their safety
6the...com....put.....er.....chip..
Shitty UI and tedious inventory management. It's still a fantastic game though.
you need to acquire a rope for the old vault you are directed tothis cost me more time than im willing to admit
Play 2 instead.
9This, so satisfying doing shit yourself
Become a kleptomaniac
6kicks you out after you save the vault because he doesn't want others to leavefast forward to Fallout 2, everyone left anyway and Vault 13 is filled with gentlemen Deathclaws while the former Vault 13 residents are retarded tribals
1when you go to vault 15, stop at the village on the way there, one of the people in there is recruitable for either 100caps or a speech check, if you looted the knife off the person at the start, just sell that and your 2 flares to make the dosh for him
1I am aswell, one thing i dont quite understand is, where do I go from the cave? all I've done was find a lighter place but then i go right back into the cave.
1Don't take Bloody Mess, it sounds cool but it's much more satisfying to get the gorier death animations through critical hits than just doing it every single time.Also if you like Dogmeat then don't recruit him until after the military base.
5is the lighter place the exit? it should bring you to the world map the minute you stand in the orange area
1ok so thats the world map. so where do i go from there, it only takes me back to the cave.
5Fallout had no companions, that's 2
leave the starting cavemove in the map a little bit so that time passesreenter vault 13grab all the shit from the supply roomuse science in the computer room for an easy level up
6Fallout 1 had companions, anon.
1click where to go after you leave that's outside the box, also there is a button that takes you on route to vault 15 in the right corner
0Also you can pay him but then pickpocket your money back off of him immediately at no penalty.
6IanDogmeatTychoKatjanot companions
6fallout had no companionsdogmeat and ian beg to differ
4They don't count because you can't romance them, duh.
15you really want to look up the manual, a lot of shit is explained there you wouldn't know otheriwse
Don't give Ian an SMG
1Go play it you attention whorePut all your points into AGI and INT before you do anything
5but he says he specializes in them
5Doesn't he start with an SMG
game crashed so i lost all my starting progress.I see why you guys said to save often. I'm gonna make a new person now, whats a good spread to use for someone new to this kind of game.4will do
4Bioware pls
9Pistol
fmvsanyone else find that scene where they get into your vault really disturbing?can you imagine being in a vault and seeing nothing of the outside world then one day some huge fucking green monsters burst in and murder everyone
7Did you patch the game so it runs on a modern PC?
1I tried earlier this yearIts fucking terrible, expecting my eyes to deal with that ugly ass slow shit
6steam has an "Orignal" version play on old PCs so i played on the one that wasnt that.
Why does Fallout in particular attract autistic newfags a lot more than any other cRPG?
4tfw I own the physical manual stil
4Yeah I have that one, but once I patched it it ran pretty much perectly
7Because it got an extremely popular and easily understood sequel that made them aware of a franchise they otherwise wouldn't care about.
copious amounts of funyou will realise how shit the games after 2 are
recruit Marcus in Fallout 2every fight he just sprays me in the back with his minigungive him a rocket launcher hits me with it every time every fight he just resorts to punchingShittiest fucking companion.
7Charisma is useless, Gifted perk makes the game easy mode, Int and Agi are the best skills
7A lot of them started with 3 which was very much the dumb summer blockbuster of the series that brought in a lot of dumb kids expecting the rest of the series to be the same.
81Baldur's Gate got that on the infinitely more popular tablet platform and it still doesn't attract this many scrubs
small guns: 200%.223 pistol equippedaim for eyescritical hit every shot
pick fast shotget perks for more APget the Turbo Plasma Riflemfw
2baldurs gate also isnt 'le postapoclapytic epic xD'
6made Marcus mentions that he ran around with a tribal for a while blowing shit up when you talk to him in NVHarold would have been great in NV if Bethesda hadn't fucked with him in 3
2Baldur's Gate got a phone portis there a website for games that got ported to phones? this shits great
2Expecting tablet players to care about anything outside of tablets.They're an entirely new level of casual. FO3 fans consider themselves--or at least strive to be considered--hardcore.
2Because it's still Baldur's Gate, just on a new platform. FO3 was a totally different game that appeals to casuals, so there's lots of people who played it and thought "Well this is the third one in the series, I wonder what 1 and 2 were like? ... What the fuck, where are my quest arrows how am I supposed to know where to go?"
scorpin
2i got dat shit tooi also live in a vault tho
2Not many casuals know what Baulder's Gate even is.
1He probably would have been the same in NV. Harold's quest was okay.
0I don't need INT right guys?
2No it's not, it's awful. Almost nothing worse than smartphone ports of modern games. Instead of playing shit on my phone I just read on my Kindle. Read a book for once, /v/, instead of playing shitty moble games.
1Steam versionglitches and fuck-ups
1He was always meant to become a tree though even all the way back in Van Buren. Had Bethesda not done it, Obsidian probably would have.
1war... war never changes.
2Right, Intelligence and agility are dump stats. You don't need any of the skills that either of those stats affect, so dump those down to 1 and take the Skilled perk to make up for the lost skill points.
0I can't fucking believe how far Sips is making it into this game.
3Blind luck and save summing is a wonderful thing For the ole' bastard.
3he does get loads of help from redditI love Sips, wish him and Lewis would do more DD stuff
6But Mutants are the master race. MASTER. master.
, 
ARE YOU FUCKING READY FOR THE GOTYAY?
They're releasing a new Hugo game?
4Sims 4?
What am I looking at? Hugo Pro Skater?I'd buy that in a heartbeat.
Is this franchise even making money anymore?
It's a mobile game.Just make sure your phone is on tone dialing and not pulse.
4What the fuck is Christiano Ronaldo doing with Hugo?
That's gonna be a very unlikely but imminent rule34
Who's that retarded looking troll? The one besides Hugo I mean.
4is that ronaldo?
MEMESEMES
It's a game wherein Cristiano Ronaldo and child's favourite Hugo skateboard through Las Vegas.Quote from the devs:"We have no doubt that Hugo the Troll has the potential to become the world's greatest gaming character - especially with Cristiano Ronaldo at his side."
That's the most european thing I've ever seen in my life.
9That delusion.
4that designLooks like something out of the 90's. Just less colorful.9This is going to be another subway skateboard or temple run clone, isn't it?
9"We have no doubt that Hugo the Troll has the potential to become the world's greatest gaming character - especially with Cristiano Ronaldo at his side."
Was Hugo big in the US? I'm from Austria and remember playing the shit out of it.
HUGO IS BACK BABYHERE COMES THE MONEY
The fuck is that? The spiritual successor to Knack?
Is hugo even a part of their target demographics?!
5did they even sell hugo games there?
0niceme.me
9
5Nah, Hugo wasn't edgy enough to survive on that market.
4Not even Hugo is safe anymoreKill me
Better days
Slap on some Hexana tits and I'll think about it.
9Hugo the TrollCristian RonaldoLiterally who?
1World industries was flimsy shit like brigades, shortys and flip. Darkstar for lasting forever.
is that Cristiano ronaldo?
is this the famous Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo colab?
4If you stare at the image long enough, you'll burst out laughing.
1FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK.
2dat jawdem titsdat style
gggg
4IS THAT HUGOAND..NOOOOCHRISTIANO RONALDO THE WORLDS GREATEST FOOTBALL PLAYER TO HAVE EVER LIVEDMY HEART AND DICK CAN NOT TAKE MUCH MORE ILL BUY 10 COPIES THIS IS THE GOTYAY GUUYS PLEASE SUPPORT IT
3KEK
0Hugo the TrollConfirmed for underage.
Leisure Suit Larry?
5Jesus, the finnish voice acting is horrible.
4Unlike Ronaldo, I think I'll pass.
9cristiano rollando the worlds greatest football playerniggah please...
holy shit, it's Hugo.That's a character I haven't seen in years now. I thought he was killed off years ago. Why revive him now?
Who the fuck is Christian Ronaldo
4 GOTYAY But you didn't have to cuuut me ooofff!
9I'm going to print that quote on a shirt.
6HE'S BACK BARTIN POG FORM
3
0She will never dig those nails into your back.
2You mean terrifying. A lot of kids got traumatized.I cried once.
9"We have no doubt that Hugo the Troll has the potential to become the world's greatest gaming character - especially with Cristiano Ronaldo at his side."the shit are these guys on? i never thought i'd live to ever hear those words
9"We have no doubt that Hugo the Troll has the potential to become the world's greatest gaming character - especially with Cristiano Ronaldo at his side."
4HugoVem fan bryr sig om Hugo?
9"We have no doubt that Hugo the Troll has the potential to become the world's greatest gaming character - especially with Cristiano Ronaldo at his side."This is the greatest thing I've heard this year.Needs to be archived for future generations.
0The witch gave me nightmares as a child.
9
4Memenaldo/sp/ and stay there, fucker.
9That's depressing.
Dad wolud never let me call hugoAll I wanted is to win
9I'm fucking dying.It's like some producer read this exact premise on a "What if"-thread on /v/, and thought it was a good idea.DAY ONE BUY btw
9the more i read it the funnier and more bizaare it gets
9post yfw this game outsells fallout 4 and mgsv
5American here, never even heard of Hugo until right now.
9
Gameplay footage leaked
9The game is about a forest troll extreme sport instructor who skate in Las Vegas for some reason. This troll, he's got a heartbreaking decision to make about whether his best friend lives ... or dies. His best friend's Cristiano Ronaldo!"
So it's just more cuck shit?
I feel sad, Hugo didn't deserve that.
Hugo was the fucking shit for me when I was a fucking autistic child.Now I get to see one of my first memories that interested me in video-games get raped with a mobile gameNothing is fucking safe anymore.I fucking hate Ronaldo tooFuck this gay earth
6the plot thickens?
9It's like words just fell on my screen and coincidentally formed a coherent sentence.
9This so sad
9I always wanted to have these games on my computer, I never actually got to play it.did it ever leak or something? there has to be some copy of this out there, it lasted AT LEAST until 2006 before it finally died
HOLABIENVENIDOS A JUGAR CON HUGO
Is there any game where i can murder innocent people for no reason?
Hatred.
gta
Black and White series
0postal
wolfenstein
0I don't understandhe was murdered by this cop last yearand I'm just now hearing about itthe cop also got away with it
0Yes.
9welcometoAmerica.jpg
9I think it's going viral now.For some reason it was left in the dark.
9It's referred to as suicide by cop. They know that hiding your hands as if you're about to pull out a weapon is one of the fastest ways to freak a cop out and have them shoot. They know drawing a weapon is the fastest way to have a cop shoot first. So they exploit that. Sometimes it's someone who actually wants to die. Sometimes it's some retard who thinks he'll prove a point. This is a case of the later.I'm an EMT, personally I've had to deal with 2 cases where they baited the cops into shooting because they thought it would cause some uproar in our community. It never ends well with them. Because context doesn't matter in these cases. The person wasn't defending themselves, wasn't delusional, they weren't trying to help someone else and were misidentified. They purposefully bait cops knowing full well how they're trained to respond to situations.
0there are plenty of them.
7Nintendo shits on us with late localizationlow supply of amiiboscops kill innocent civilians by the minute everydaycops get away with said crime because they have a badgepoliticians can give themselves raises and lower minimum wageI didn't ask to be born in the United States0I'd kill that pathetic fucking cop if I saw him9the guy was reaching to turn off his Ipod you dumb niggerhe didn't hear the cop pull up, tell him to put his hands up because he was just coming out of the goddamn convenient store listening to musicwhy the fucking cop pulled up in the first place and drew his gun without any other reason is beyond meshit has sound too, makes no sense
, 
, 
, 
What's her name again
, 
, 
Several people on 2ch said it was sold out at their local store.Maybe the director will get the PS4 exclusive sequel he wanted after all.
0Maybe the director will get the PS4 exclusive sequel he wanted after all.Literally Kojima
0holy fuck what is this lmfao
7NIGGA WHAT DOES KOJIMBO LIMBO HAVE TO DO WITH THIS
5Metal Pantie Solid
0creepshot simulatorYou guys need to go out and find girlfriends, holy shit.
0thumbs up if 4chan brought you here
0/reddit/
Introducing the Steam Controller
check Steam"pre-purchase Steam Controller"What
I dunno man
Looks pretty good, but I'm not sure about the semi-touchscreen controllers being precise at all.
thats pretty fucking goodbut whats the price?
wii u pro layoutfuck no fuckboy
4steam store says 54,99€
Ps4 controller layout wouldve been better. it's too wide for those pads.
goddamnit valve... fix your siteanyway, i already use big picture 95% of the time and will be picking one of these up to give it a try. i'm skeptical on whether or not it will replace my trusty wireless 360 pad for everything, but it should let me play more of my library on my tv.
Estimated 5 meters of wireless communications range. Actual results may vary. that's not very good...
If you're actually watching the controller in this video instead of the games it looks stupid as shitswipes on the right trackpad 3 times to the rightgeralt turns 90 degrees totalI can't even imagine how god damn uncomfortable and inaccurate this thing is.
316 feet is alot.
it's literally just 2 trackpadsguy ends up swiping 10 times to get basic mouse movementseverything /v/ said was right
5if you look at the part after he changes the controller layout to KB+M you can see that the speed of his finger swiping over the pad also makes the camera turn further, I suppose there will be plenty of settings to get a comfortable control scheme
1It's really not, not for a gaming controller. I mean sure if you live in some cramped ghetto shithole where your rooms are less than 16x16 feet then fine, but this is designed for living room gaming, my tv is 30 feet from my couch easily.
1the wireless 360 controller for PC has a range of 30ft
For too long, players have had to choose between the precision of a mouse or the familiarity of a controllerBetween the power of a PC and the comfort of a couch Play games suited for M&KB with M&KB. Play the rest with a controller.Connect PC to tv screen and play with the comfort of a couch. Or just buy a comfortable chair.These are non-issues.
it looks okay
0you can see that the speed of his finger swiping over the pad also makes the camera turn furtherThat's called acceleration anon, and it's fucking awful, it pretty much throws any form of accuracy right out the god damn window.
7Typing with a controller on a virtual keyboardTyping with a virtual keyboard with a controller-driven cursorSo it's even worse than a regular gamepadWhat's next, a touchscreen only pad?
430 fucking feet?Bullshit. Who the fuck would sit 30 feet away from their tv?
4this looks great for someone like me who would like to play something like Civ5 on my TV without bringing a wireless kb+m into the mix, which is kind of the point.
6This, that typing segment really blew my mind with stupidity. And it had 2 cursors, not one, who the fuck thought this was intuitive?
7It does look good, i hate controllers but i would totally try that one.
4Using my 360 controller for fishing in FFXIV on one monitor while using my keyboard to shitpost on my other monitorLiving the dream
9Who the fuck would sit 30 feet away from their tv?Anyone with a tv over 50 inches, I assure you, and mine is 84 inches.
5Not sure if shill, or stupid
5What looks so good about it? It's a less accurate controller.Fucking trackpads anon.
4Play games suited for M&KB with M&KBThe problem is that's most games.
7I'd rather have a wired version for $10 cheaper so I don't have to constantly switch out AA batteries.
1Wat
7precision of a mouse
6you can connect it with a micro usb cable
7It doesn't look less accurate, actually it seems more the contrary. Of course those are just claims, that's why i want to try it.
8Actually I can't think of a game that'd be unplayable without analog sticks
Nothing matters until we get to try it. Great idea, but the execution is what counts... Remember when everybody thought the Wiimote was GOAT, but then they needed to append a WiiMotionPlus in order to make up for how laggy it was?
9OH shit seriously? Well i'm definitely going to pre-order it then.
7It is hard to believe there is something less accurate than a console controller.
4Do you live in a movie theater?
7Any racing game or fighting game.Dark Souls was much better with a controller.
3Someone like mePlay Civ5 on my TVPlaying a strategy game with no M&Kfucking what, do scum like you actually exist
NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX GPU 2GB GDDR5 graphics and Intel® Core processors.Thanks, that tells me absolutely nothingI don't get it, aren't they supposed to be marketed towards casuals? Why not just say "Powerful gaming graphics card and quad-core processor"? If they're telling some specs they should tell all of them
9Why would you even spare a glance at Alienware, anon?
63i have never used a mobile phone before.
7This will be the majority of the PC E3 showIt's all we're getting from Valve for years to come
930ft from their PC you mean. and i do every day.
My 360 pad is dyingBut $50 is a lot more than $20 for a new wired 360
Great, trackpads.Anyone who ever made the mistake of having a gaming laptop will tell you this is stupid as fuck for any number of reasons.1. When your hands become sweaty the trackpad becomes useless.2. Friction causes your fingers to become callous and dry.3. The bigger your hands/fingers, the smaller the trackpad, the less accurate it is. This looks like the smallest trackpad ever and it can only be operated by thumb, if you have big hands you won't be able to accurately move at all.4. Repetative motion, instead of one quick drag to where you want to go you have to do a series of little swipes, and if you try to do it fast accuracy is completely out the window.Anyone who buys this will regret it after any gaming session lasting 2+ hours straight and throw it right in the garbage.
4Have you tried dark souls with the mod that fix the PC controls?
0Ever use a trackpad?It is substantially less accurate than a console controller. Hell it isn't even in the same league.
7Yeah, it still doesn't feel right. Better though.
7new design is official designno touch screentouchpads gimped to hell and backtouchpads no longer have different click functions for different distancesshoehorned joystick with no usebuttons now just xbox layoutNO TOUCHSCREEN
4racing gameI said analog sticks, not analog buttonsfighting gameChrist, why would you ever use a 360 degree stick instead of a pad for a fighting game?
9yes, because Civ5 requires any sort of precision that a trackpad can't handle.
9It's probably a 960.Then again this is coming from the "8 gigs of GDDR5 4x2" crew.
Someone better hook up Eurotruck Sim to translate a circular motion on the pads to be like a steering wheel.
8Do you play sitting there?What a shitty seat.
1Touch-based typing is inaccurate as fuck, if my phone didn't have swype I would use speech to text for litterally everything.And this isn't even as good as that, this is just a shittier console controller typing. This is like trying to type on window's accessibility keyboard with a laptop trackpad.
5wanting a touchscreen for gamesI bet you miss Kinect too
2I take a shitty notebook trackpad over a controller every day. Still this is quite different in desing.
4Christ, why would you ever use a 360 degree stick instead of a pad for a fighting game?Why would you use a 360 degree stick instead of a racing wheelWhy would you use a 360 degree stick instead of a joystickGee I dunno, because not everyone is super in to the genre to go all out? I play tons of fighting games but I don't have a pad.
8They're not lying, though. Precision of a mouse cursor. On laptop touchpad.
84Why not sit on your couch? I rent a room and I hate not having a living room with a coach to be mad comfy. You annoy me.
4I have a couch and a love seat in front of the TV running Big Picture being fed from the PC in the pic via an in-wall HDMI cable. It's comfy as fuck.
5But the original design was fucking horrible.xbox layoutWhy fix it if it aint broken
1I play tons of fighting games but I don't have a pad.D-pad, you meme
0Then you're within 16 feet.
0It is if you have sausage fingers. Otherwise is quite fast, certainly faster than scrolling throught letters with a controller.
2I take a shitty notebook trackpad over a controller every dayThen you're a fucking idiot.I don't support controllers at all, hell I just beat witcher 3 and I didn't even touch a controller for it, m+kb is the only true way to game, but if mice suddenly stopped existing I would chose a fucking console controller over a trackpad+keyboard just because atleast it can get you in the general vicinity of where you want to go in one movement, a trackpad can't even give you that.
works with 2 AA batteriesfuck damn valve, it's 2015
No d-pad, no buy.
I guess they won't do international shipping.
9I don't have sausage fingers faggot, I just happen to be a non-manlet non-skeleton male so I have big hands as god intended, unlike you lankley manley with the hands of a 12 year old girl.
Controllers are superior to keyboard & mouse because Valve are the ones who are making it.
1Then your phone is like your penis, tiny.
9One of them only comes with LOL INTEL IRIS PRO integrated graphics, these guys are full of shit
God I hate this board. Why do I keep coming back? You people shit on everything.
I'm fat
0I do, I just took the pic from my desk to show how far away the PC powering BP is from my TV.15' really isn't enough for me.5It's 14' to my usual spot and 18' to the farthest seat on my not-pictured couch. 15' of range under ideal conditions is pretty crappy. I'm not the only person with a similar setup I'm sure.
6don't be an idiot
This is easily the shittiest design I've ever seen. It makes the ouya controller look thought out by comparison.How could valve sink so low?
What does the Steam Link do that a long hdmi cable doesn't? Besides add another layer of latency issues
1Perfectly sized to get a handjob from you then huh?
4Yeah well you'd be sitting on your couch closer to the pc
9Why do I keep coming back?Because you get paid for itGo spout about this on /g/, maybe some apple shill will pick it up
Dual-stage triggersWith a satisfying digital click at the end of the trigger pull, dual-stage triggers can be used as analog, digital, or both types of input at the same time. Put your iron-sights on the sweep-in, and then fire with the reliable feel of a tactile switch, all on the same trigger.So are they capable of constant variable output or not? 0/50/100 is not "like analog". Do they mean there is an analog trigger that also has another button under it for a separate action when you pull the trigger 100%??
So they took the trackpad from a laptop and stuck it on a controller. My past experiences with trackpads leads me to believe these aren't anywhere near as precise as a mouse.
3It crashes a lot, you like crashing right?
5Do they mean there is an analog trigger that also has another button under it for a separate action when you pull the trigger 100%??Probably that. That's how the gamecube worked I believe.
1I have used a mobile phone before. It was a great device. Not like those pseudo-tablet abominations that they market as phones these days.
5It's probably analog in the sense it's either 0 or 1 and everything inbetween usually to 16bit decimal places.Problem is no pc games support analog L and R input so it's completely useless.
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY D-PAD
7precise controlsanalog sticks, touchpad or d-padKEK
0great... 700$....
1im so happy this exists. the internet really has no limits
7Can't wait to test that thing.
3Markets to fucktards who think they're buying a console instead of a compact PC.Oh wait...
5What do you think, of course it's fake analog it's not like anything in that hunk of crap is actually worth $50 they even cheeped out on the track-pads which was the main selling point.
I had this shit when I was a kidIt sucked then and it'll suck now.
1who thinks this shit up jesus christYou were a lust penis
4wanting a d-padWhy on earth do you care about THAT, this controller had a shit ton of interesting features that actually made it interesting and unique but they were all cut and your bitching about a fucking d-pad.
Video looks fucking great and makes good arguments.But looking at the damn thing it still looks like a pain to use. I'm still on the fence.
Can we agree touchpads are one of the worse things of modern times? Why people hate the idea of buttons?Also which group is the steam controller aimed at? Console players who are too dumb to play pc games with m+ kb or casuals who cant hook up a m+kb to a console?
3Bro, fucking, I've always wanted to keep my pc in like a closet with a air vent or something, or like IDK anywhere not in my bedroom, and while I do have a laptop that i could use in home streaming with, I'd rather have a thin client I can mount on the back of my TV and play games on it. That way my room doesn't turn into a fucking hotbox because my PC is exhausting all dat heat into it, and I don;t hear it humming. I can also still just RDP into it with my laptop if I need to use Windows on it for some reason.Also, HDMI has a max length of what like 12ft? You can probably get away with a lil more, but at a certain point you start getting data loss and HDMI repeaters are hella expensive.Also, it's way cheaper than NVIDIA's solution and I don't have to upgrade my GPU  I think, cant remember is 6xx series can into NVIDIA streaming thing.
5It's aimed at children who don't know any better.
looks cheapno dpadlow quality laptop mousepadAnd the mustard will eat this shit right up
1YOU WERE A LUST PENIS
Wow just like a trackball you say?Shut up and take my money.
5d-pad faggot detectedI was really interested in how the trackpads would work with non-fps games like Cities in the video, if I wanted an xbox controller I would just use one of the 5 I own, I wanted something different, BUUUUUTTTT then they just gimped the fuck out of it and now it's just madcatz tier.
Why not just by a trackball mouse
5trackballabsolutely no moving partsyou somehow think this is like a trackballA fucking console controller is closer to a trackball than this abortion, atleast it's analog and has moving parts, this is just a fucking laptop trackpad.
2strategy and economic simscontrollerhow about no?
WHAT THE FUCK IS THE GIANT "+" GROVE ON THE LEFT TRACKPAD SUPPOSED TO ACHIEVE? HOW IS THAT NOT JUST GOING TO BE ANNOYING AS FUCK? FUCKING SCROLLING AROUND THE PAD AND BAM, GIANT FUCKING GROVE, JUST FUCK YOUR TACTILE FEEDBACK, YOU DON'T NEED THAT SHIT. WHAT DOES IT EVEN ADD?
2I'm this guy8That's hooked up with a 30' HDMI cord and it works flawlessly. IIRC you can go a bit further before needing some sort of signal booster. The trick is that you use a one-way HDMI cable, a standard one won't work that far.I was actually thinking of going the thin-client way myself, but HDMI is a better solution for now in my situation.
TWIN FORCE REACTORSI'm fuckin sold
7that musicxD
2I think you're supposed to follow it with your thumb so you can make a perfect straight line. It's probably for navigating through menus the controller also has a thumbstick on the left side and the guy in the video uses that mainly
can't fucking wait to play starcraft 2 on thisalso, any chance of bullet hell games being playable?
8But... But that's the worst reason I could think of. That's like... the exact reason it's shitty.
Where is my internal battery, these fuckers are really cutting corners and saving money.
5Yeah, I mean if I could run HDMI behind the wall or something I would but, I live in a brand new apartment complex and if I make any hole in the wall they gonna take all my security deposit.I'm debating whether or not to buy a new AC router for this the Link or what I've tried in the pass, is using an EoP adapter, I think the EoP would work I mean I think I have a 500Mbs one, they might have a 750 one can't remember. Gotta look at the latency though, worked fine when I tested it in my old apartment, not sure how it'll work in this new one.Honestly though, when I have people over I'm hyped to play some You Don't Know Jack w/ them without having to pull out my laptop and fuck around with HDMI cables, shits gonna be cray cray.
2any chance of bullet hell games being playable?It's called a keyboard. Literally the best and most efficient way of playing shmups
7Tape the HDMI to the ground
4I actually prefer standard AA sized batteries. You can use any brand of rechargeable you want like these:
8bottom one looks like a skeleton face in the preview
Okay /v/ name one feature of the Volvo controller that was UPGRADED from it's original design.
7But that looks like butt when I have to cross over a pathway. Plus I don't need some faggot tripping over the cable and breaking either my GPU or HDMI slot on my TV.
9controller uses AAneed 4 batteriesneed outlet for chargerneed to swap batteriescontroller has internal batteryplug it in and keep using it
1not having these alreadyAA is the standard for most electronic devices nowadays.
1buy a 24 pack for cheap in bestbuyuse them for a year and bury them in the backyard
4nowadaysOh wow, I had this crazy dream where I thought it was 2015. Welp guess I'm late for highschool bye /v/.
7You could probably run it under wall trim without damaging anything, but yeah streaming is probably your best bet. On AC wireless I don't think latency would be that bad anyway. Unless you're tying to play CSGO or something it's probably not an issue.The best part about the Big Picture setup I have is all I have to do is switch my TV input to "PC" and hit the home button on my controller and Big Picture auto switches the TV to my primary display/audio output. Then when I'm done I just hit "Return to desktop" and everything reverts back to my desk monitors and speakers. I'd imagine that Valve's streaming box would do the same thing and it's awesome.
2bury them in the backyardWell played /v/, can't say I ever thought of that.
4The actual standard is an internal battery. Only my calculator needs batteries.
4freedom dollars win again
Those pads look like they'll get alot of dirt on them with time
7The steam controller: marketed towards no one in particular, and demanded by no one in particular.
I can just see these collecting dust in a drawer while people use shit they're already used to.All that's missing is Think different.
4Shit nigga the only thing I even use that has non-internal batteries is my fucking calculator, and that fucker even uses AAA.
7Katamari Damacy was designed for dual analog sticks. Most 3D platformers require good analogs too.
1I sit 15 feet away from my 42" and pretend its 84"
7This shit barely looks more "precise" than analog sticks, my ass this is bridging the gap between KB+M and controllers. The only thing this has going for it is customizable configs for the trackpads.
Is there any reason the touchpads can't double as a joystick? I even thought that was the idea behind it.
9Wii U Pro controller uses the same internal battery as the 3DS and it's baller as fuck. 80+ hours per charge.
I'd love to try it to see if it's any good since it a fairly unique and innovative controller, but I sure wouldn't pay to do that.
9Wii U pro controller has a charge that only a mad man could deny
4it's a non-issue I guess but what is nice is playing total war on the couch
7i saw this internet video and now I KNOW
9That's impressive but my main problem with internal batteries is you usually can't replace them as easily. Every manufacturer has their own stupid size and voltage and occasionally the battery might even be hardwired to the controller.Rechargeable don't last forever and pretty soon a "wireless" controller will be effectively wired if you can't replace the battery.
0Recently just for shits and giggles I tried to see how much juice was left after the red light came on. It lasted more than 10 hours after I was supposed to charge it.Slap some analogue triggers on the thing and it's hands down the GOAT controller.
7they still think your thumb with a touchpad can make up the precision movement of your whole hand with a mouse
7this shit lookslooksI'm just going off what the promotional video showed, friend, I don't know for sure. And what it showed does not look good.
4Negro, I think you're just incapable of judging distance you retard fuck.
7The steam controller: marketed towards no one in particular, and demanded by no one in particular.Time to dust off an old chestnut: Quote for truth.I honestly don't understand who would buy this.What kind of thought process has to go through your head?"Well, I want something like a console controller, but with the uncomfortably and inaccuracy of using a trackpad."Even in that case I'd rather just hook up my phone to my computer and use it as a controller, atleast the surface area would be greater.
7No, but they think this is as close as a gamepad will ever get to the precision of a mouse, and that it's far above analogue sticks as far as precision goes
7Well it is a video advertising all of the supposed advantages of the controller. If it fails to convince people of its advantages then it's not a very good ad.
4I know how big my room is fuckwit, I bought my tv to perfectly coincide with my vision from across the room, it makes a perfect home-theater setup. I guess it makes sense that you live in some sort of cramped shithole considering this is a controller marketted at poorfag console peasants.
8But the Wii U already has Gyro controls, and that's the closest we've come to K+M
5Not that guy but that was a pretty shitty comeback. It was still funny though.
7No it's more likeMouse  Trackpads  JoysticksSupposed to be more of a middle man, also I would just not use a controller with a shooter.
1This is I think more embarrassing than people lying about their dick size.
5New battery costs $15 directly from Nintendo.
What's the point of this when I have the superior wiiu pro controller already?
7Is that Yuri Lowenthal?
7God damn, if they would get rid of that shitty gloss and digital triggers the Pro would be the best controller ever made
6Oh wow I didn't even notice that, the guy really does sound like him.I doubt it actually is Yuri Lowenthal but the guy definitely sounds similar.
4But the steam controller has both gyro & touchpad, so wouldn't it be even better ?
7What capacity is the battery though?Eneloops are 2100mAh each and you can get a four pack with a charger for the same price. Effectively two battery packs for almost the same price as that one.
6Needing analogue triggersThere's literally one genre that actually needs this, and if you're the kind of person that actually wants to be able to go half-throttle, you should just straight up buy a whole foot-pedal and wheel set.I'll give you the gloss, but even with that the Pro is easily the best controller ever.
11500mAh iirc, but it legit lasts 80+ hours whic is what's important.You can also buy a 3000mAh for $13 off of Amazon.
2Yeah that's fucking yuri lowenthal
0double the mAhI think if I told my family and friends my controller could last for 160 hours, they'd burn it for being a witch. And then me for good measure.
I think it looks pretty good. Fairly intuitive and configurable. I'll probably get one. I bet it's comfy.
0Next fucking thing you know, is that they're going to start pre-purchase to use toilet.
Why is this allowed?
7why only one analog stick?
8using this for fighting games
8the one in the video has a thumbstick
1using phones without physical buttons
3Those track pads don't do good 3D walkin around control
3Why any? I thought laptop trackpads were suppose to be as accurate as mice.
9They're selling to people who think they're too good for stuff like apple products but who are still total dumbasses and just pretend that they know what they're talking about when it comes to computers and games. Steam users should fit this clientele quite nicely.
, 
Alright, enough of this bullshit. We're reaching a consensus on these things right now with an actual discussion.Everyone post pros & cons. We're settling this today.Pro: Unlike traditional DLC, you own them so you can just re-sell them later if you don't want them anymore while keeping whatever they unlocked.Con: Forces you to buy them to essentially own the complete game, & in mario kart 8's case, this would cost you over $100 just to have the extra mii costumes.
2Pros: noneCons: everything
2Pro: your butt frustration
Pro: Neat little figures of characters I likeCon: 90% of them are fucking impossible to get and out of all of the future ones, only Ganondorf has any chance of not being rare as shit
Pros: I like that Nintendo is releasing figures of their characters, even if they're sometimes low-qualityCons: They lock away content in games, thankfully usually it's minor stuff but it's still lame
Pros: Nintendo marketers made thousands of threads on 4chan and other video game disucssion boards to make manchildren think there is "hype" and "interest" in Burger King toy quality figures that unlock teeny, tiny cosmetics and other shitty things that don't' make up for the full price of the amiiboCons: You're spending money collecting Burger King quality figures
Pro: Some actually go up in value, so you're making money by supporting them if you're smart. Little mac alone tippled in price since I got him. That pretty much made him free. no idea if his price went down, but I resold him for $45 when I got bored with himCon:...if you didn't get certain ones cheap, they can be fucking expensive. So this really goes both ways.
8Why Ganondorf?Pro: They look nice. Many characters get merchandise they wouldn't have received otherwise. Con: They are expensive if you are a collector although all collections are expensive and like OP said forces you to buy them if you want to own the complete game.
concept is cool, execution is terrible
Pro: cool figures of my favorite characters Con: expensive dlc if you want lucina and other such figures
Pro: merchandise for things like earthbound that hasn't had anything released for it in decades.con: for the price you can usually import something much better.
2the complete gameDo you buy cookies or do youo buy ALL the cookies? How much game is ALL the game? What's extra? If everything is just "game", how can anything be extra at all? How can any company hope to sell additional content if it all should be included in the base package? How did the hate of bad DLC turn into hate for all additional content in general, no matter how it's done?
I honestly believe that most people against them on /v/ like 2is just mad that they are selling like crazy so they can shitpost "NINTENDOOOOOMED" all over the board.
Pros:Actually don't look half badGives fans of a series without merch some shit to buyConcept to unlock shit in multiple games is interestingUse in Smash is very fun, really pushes AI limitsYoshi's Wooly World seems to be taking full advantage of the current selection with beautifully-made costumes and double YoshisCons:You can't fucking get them anywhereProduction is biased towards characters from Mario series first and foremost, despite tons of merch already and MP10 being complete dogshitRetailers now need to restructure entire fucking store policies because of Nintendo's fucked supply chainNo games besides Wooly World and Smash that really take advantage of AmiiboHave managed to split an entire company fanbase down the middle because of poor handlingI like them personally, collecting them and training them is kind of a fun hobby, but company handling is fucked, there's no defending that.
3I would rather pay $65 for a complete game & have it a year later than pay $120 for a base game & some trinkets a year sooner.
Pro: Unlock stuffCon: that's already in the disc. The ones that don't have a cartoon style look like shit.
Pros:Merchandise of characters that otherwise get little to no merchandise ofAble to use DLC amongst several gamesLarge variety of characters amongst the Nintendo franchises, not just all Mario characters for exampleAlternate options to some characters, like Mario for exampleCons:Some are difficult to obtain based on regional distributionsSome have lower quality than othersDLC is restricted only to the figure and by no other meansStands holding figures up are sometimes too obvious see: Captain Falcon and take away from the figureI honestly don't mind them outside of their distributions in some areas. I wish they gave you the option to take the figure off the stand instead of having it glued/molded to the stand. All I have is Pac-Man at the moment, but I will be getting Dr. Mario and others along the way.
For the majority of games, the locked content is just cosmetic. So not having the required Amiibo is pretty much a non-issue. Smash Bros is another example of an acceptable use, the amiibo essentially acts as a memory card used for storing a custom character. It adds next to nothing to the actual game.Certain games have items or variations of an existing game-mode locked behind the amiibo, such as Hyrule Warriors or Splatoon. This is pushing it, although as long the content is limited to single-player only or the same content is able to be purchased separately without the amiibo for a much lower price then it's fine.An example of bad implementation would be locking a whole game mode or locking non-cosmetic content that can be used in multiplayer. An example would be Mario Party 10 which essentially locked a third of the game behind an amiibo.The biggest problem with amiibos is the lack of restocking, which leads to scalpers running wild. There's very little you can do with scalpers in a free market. And from Nintendo's point of view, it would just lead to even more sales as the scalpers buy all the first batch while regular customers buy the next. They could also limit pre-orders to just one per customer, but that's something that's in the hands of the seller and not Nintendo.
2IT'S A WAR TAKE SIDE OR I WILL PERSONALLY EXECUTE YOUholy shit, get fucking help.
4And from Nintendo's point of viewThat's supposed to read "And from Nintendo's point of view, if they restocked the amiibos more often"
2They're cutting content from new games to sell back as physical DLC, how can anyone be alright with this?
Sure why not. I love expensive season passes that are available in very limited supply.How could anyone not love this?
implying you'll reach a consensusI like them but I'm practically a manchild. Toys unlocking content in games would outright be the coolest thing if I was still a kid. Being more objective, getting one to just use in one game is a huge rip, but the thing is one can be used in a plethora of games. It also has the edge over actual on-disc DLC in that if the servers go down you can't get a DLC anymore legally, but toys-to-life you can still buy the figures on the aftermarket.The craze behind them and the artificial scarcity are some dumb shit though.
I like them.Pros:-They're neat figurines of characters that otherwise see no merchandise Captain Falcon, Little Mac, Duck Hunt, Chibi Robo, etc.-You can sell them, unlike digital DLC-They work across MULTIPLE games, not just the one. So you buy the one amiibo and you get extra content in more than just a single game. It's much better than the standard DLC implementation.Cons:-You can't fucking find the things ANYWHERE. The rarity craze has only gotten worse with each wave. This makes the game content worthless when nobody gets to actually see it.-They are somewhat expensive. Prices went up in Canada.
I just wish the fucking things weren't artificially rare. If they actually kept the amiibos in stock instead of them selling out after a minute or two, I wouldn't mind nearly as much. I'll pay the 13 bucks for a Robin figure, but I'm not paying scalper 40 bucks for it. They aren't super high quality figures either, so it is even more upsetting that they can't keep the shit in stock.It's poor handling,and if more games start to use them, I hope they learn to just restock the figures more often. Kill the scalping market.
Does anyone care about Silver Mario? My local FUCKING GAMESTOP had like 5 when I was in there earlier today.
They use development time to put in exclusive day 1 content that can only be unlocked with the McDonald's tier plastic dolls. This is not okay, I'm not paying full price for an incomplete game.
2Depends on which amiibo and which games you haveSmash amiibo is good, Mario party 10 is shit. Then there's small bonuses for games like MK8. And specific amiibos that have better stuff like Link for HW or Dedede for Rainbow Curse.
Pro-Amiibo, it's about time some of these characters saw ANY fucking official merch.I'm against the fucking limited prints of them. Nintendo is fucking with us deliberately to create demand. I'm surprised there hasn't been assaults or deaths over them yet.By the way, anyone got a mint in box NA King Dedede? I'll trade ya my mint in box NA Jigglypuff for him.
2For, absolutely. I've already scalped multiple amiibos for high markup. Easy money when the demand outstrips the supply this hard. I also bought a kawaii squidgirl-chan for myself because she's a qt3.14, but she's the only one I'll keep.
I love Amiibos. I own 3 of them.
A lot of the negatives/cons surrounding Amiibos seem to almost always go back to Nintendo's dictation of the supply-and-demand system. If they were more competent perhaps they wouldn't get as bad a light sometimes. I imagine each figurine costs peanuts to produce but then again I'm not a business/production expert.
7There's literally 4 fucking Mario variations on the market now, and there's a shitload of Mario figs out on the market too, namely Nendoroid and Jakks, it's no surprise nobody cares.
5Five
I like the principle of amiibo, neat figurines that get you a small amount of DLC across multiple games.The execution leaves something to de desired.
2consensusPff, good luck.
2amiibo DLC is pretty much always cosmetic and/or really minor. Therefore you still get a complete game even without them.
I am just so done with amiibo. I haven't been able to get any of the past few waves. They sell out immediately and I just can't keep up.If Nintendo ever decides to reprint more than just ten copies, maybe I'll bite.
when is this thing coming out?
I like the idea. I can get a neat little desk decoration of characters who don't get a lot of merch. The problem is that the supply chain is fucked and no one can actually get the characters they want because so few are produced. I'm only paying $15 for a Shulk figure. I'm not gonna spend $40 because I didn't know preorders went up three months ago at 2:36 AM at one particular store that's only getting a maximum of 4.75 figures on average.
Pros - cool to haveCons- scalpers who deserve to be lined up against a wall, blindfolded then shot exist.
The quality ranges from ok too horrible, when your main aim is collecting them you want something that doesn't look shit, like ness and shulk do
At first I was for seeing how it was just training dummies in smash or Mii costumes in smash, but now I'm against seeing how they lock exclusive things out like costumes and weapons with tier 2 perks in Splatoon or weapon exclusive in Hyrule WarriorsThey're quickly being turned into physical DLC which is worse since Nintendo keeps them in low supply and scampers snatch them up
Pros: you can cum in your favorite charactersCons: some are expensive as fuckpic related
Pros: they're physical collectors items and not very expensive. The in-game content is most of the time an irrelevant addition.Cons: figure stocks are a joke driving everyone insane to find the ones they want and causing prices to shoot up due to resellers.
I'm for them, but frankly the supply is the worst part of these fucking things.The execution of them isn't bad in some games if they are incredibly minimalist things like costumes and the smash training thing. And for small rewards across multiple games isn't that bad locking amiibo specific stuff like Mario Party, playable characters in Codename Steam, and the Spinner in Hyrule Warriors is really fucking stupid, yet the random loot from other non Zelda amibo for HW is pretty fuckin rad.The main problem is that there aren't enough of some of the damn things and makes people desperate as shit for them. Especially if a character who will never ever get merch like Duck Hunt or Captain Falcon. when the things were frist announced, I thought I could just walk into any store and find a Meta Knight or Ness but now I have to go out of my way to a store opening or fucking wasting time try to get a whole 1 minute window of reorders.I just want the Kirby gang. I still can't even get MK and Dedede
8DDD is starting to get cheaper now although his price is still a little high
2Pro: Supposed to be cheap, provides collectibles for less popular franchises, DLC that doesn't feel like DLC since one Happy Meal toy can get you a bunch of inconsequential shit in a bunch of games, decent qualityCon: Finding anything in a store that isn't a Mario or Zelda is impossible, $13 a pop adds up incredibly quickly, Splatoon Amiibo content is no longer inconsequential, as of recently, preordering is no longer simply going to Gamestop and going "I'd like to preorder these Amiibo please", the market is 100% driven by scalpers; it's completely impossible to collect them without playing by their rules
7I'm trying to avoid paying more than MSRP and from importing
tl;dr It's a good idea, but Nintendo's artificial scarcity bullshit enables scalpers to fuck things up for everyone. Everyone except Nintendo of course, who only loses some of their customers' goodwill which doesn't matter since they'll still be buying all their games and systems anyway
Pros: noneCons:Overpriced happy meal toys with locked DLC and no beneficial reason to own these plastic toysIt'd make sense if the happy meal toys came with full Virtual Console games or something, but nope, it's nintendork kiddy trash, it's okay when Nintendo does it
2I was for them initially, but Nintendo is going full Brendan Fraser with them.
2while keeping whatever they unlockedSadly that's not the case. Splatoon amiibos now require an owner and registered nickname to use and you need to activate them every time you wanna use them. Also smash Wii U, holding the biggest library of amiibos, has no permanent content from amiibos - you either own one or you dont
Amiibos are fucking awful. They're be shitty if they were easy to find/buy but since Nintendo is forcing a whole collecting/hunting/rarity paradigm, I think they're the worst thing in modern gaming.
Everyone on the Pro side ITT saying these characters didn't get any merchMaybe not official from Nintendo, but every character made so far had tons of merch to buy.
9Ahh yes I'm so glad I got a Shulk Figma to put next to my Shulk Figuarts. Looks really great next to my Hot Toys Captain Falcon.
Pros: -Physical DLC that comes in shape of pretty figurines;-Their purpose isn't just fixed to 1 specific game in fact, later to be released games can add attributes to the already bought amiibo;-You can always sell it later;-Relatively cheap if you find them in stores.Cons:-"Normies" just see them as toys. You are likely to be judged, even on the internet.- Nintendo sells them wrong, making them rare and expensive.-You have to damage the box to use the amiibo inside it.
8ProsPhysical DLC/v/ is dead
I like them, and I even like the rarity aspect a bit since I'm a collector, but the supply even for forced rarity is fucking insanely low. They could easily double or triple the stock of these things and still have them be moderately rare. Jigglypuff and Greninja had TONS of stock, readily available at most of the stores well after launch hours, but are still more rare than common. Even giving each store 8 minimum of the niche series FE, mainly would be a big improvement. Then shit like Silver Mario is flooding pegs at stores, and getting a reprint.
2Here's two ideas I've had with the Amiibo things since they came out.One: Stock them you fucking kikes. Lots and lots of the stupid statuettes are rare as shit because the characters just don't have official merch otherwise.two: make digital Amiibo downloads, where you buy the chip data of the Amiibo off the E-Shop or whatever and it' stored in your account. Not the best idea by far, but 7.99 for all the Amiibo unlocks compared to 20-something because of scalpers is better for my wallet, despite wanting to collect them myself.
2Cons: They're fucking impossible to buyThis ruins absolutely any pros they might have
ProsCool collectible figuresMost of them look greatCan be traded and sharedYou get access to content related to that character across many Nintendo games without any additional costWhile only taken advantage by a few games, they allow for new gamplay experiences that wouldn't be possible without having some sort of physical productThey can expand the popularity of unknown Nintendo IP. For instance my sister now knows who Ness is and loves him.Has plenty of untapped potentialConsWhile most amiibo look great some more humanoid characters like the Fire Emblem bunch look kind of underwhelmingNot all amiibo are created equal. While Mario goes on to have content in most games, Wii Fit Trainer is left in the dust.Not all Nintendo fans are interested in them, and might feel forced to purchase one if they want one specific thing in one gameAt this point in time, Smash and Mario Party are the only games to truly take advantage of the technology Has plenty of untapped potential
8inI think you mean onpic related
4But anon. If we sell the DLC like normal kikes, rather than ultra kikes, the people who just want the DLC won't buy our ultra-kikery
8Burger King quality figuresAt least you used a different fast food chain this time
6Bitches about rarityOwns two Robins and Lucinas, one of each still in a boxYou're part of the problem.
8plenty of untapped potentialhuehue
2Pros:-neat figures of characters that probaby won't get them otherwise-multifunctional-any character from a series works the same as the other. i.e., you don't need Smash Bros version of Bowser to use with Smash Bros. Any version will do-possibility for forward compatibility with unreleased titles.-stuff they unlock is never really "must-have". Always just neat little extras that are easy to live without, as long as you're not an autistic manchild.-physical, so you can trade or resell if you want.Cons:-hard to find a lot of characters-some of them have absolutely shit qualityI hardly care about these things, but they're not the work of the devil like people would have you believe. If they piss you off, just don't buy them. I only bought a couple out of peer pressure and to have fun with Smash sessions with my buddies. Only one I really wanted was Pac-Man, because when's the next time we're gonna get legit retro Pac-merchandise? But I hate it when people are like "Hurrrr, it's gonna cost me over a hundred dollars to get all the content for Mario kart, durrrr!". They're just fucking costumes for your mii. Stop being such a sperg. Do you buy every fucking game just because it exists? Because at this rate I feel like you should get mad at companies for making games in the first place.
It depends on the amount of content locked behind them. That's why the Smash amiibos are fine, they do nothing but function as merchandise and fighters in the game.I don't know exactly how I feel about the other amiibos which explicitly have content locked behind them, but I know it's not good. It's almost worse than regular on-disc DLC because in addition to having to pay for content that is already there, in the fucking game, you also have to go and buy a stupid fucking figurine. Which isn't terrible, but for a person who just wants to get the complete experience from a game they purchased, it's fucking annoying and a little belittling.Hey, wanna have access to all the content in this game?Buy our fucking toys.
8Do you remember a time, /v/, when we used to hate all DLC because it was slowly bringing down the quality of vidya?Do you remember it?Do you remember how angry horse armor got everyone?What the fuck happened?
4Stuff they unlock is never really "must-have"Nah, you're retarded. Splatoon and Hyrule Warriors have major content locked away behind them.
1Standardization happened. And good DLC has been happening more commonly than before. It's still shit practices though.
Amiibo haters are just being big babies. Yes, even WORSE then the exact people they are complaining about. If they don't like them, why just not get them instead of pissing off people who CHOOSE to spend money on them?
Pros:It's nice to get figures of some obscure charactersNintendo seems to be really supporting it instead of dropping it like everything else they've doneCons:Nintendo's support in terms of availability and distribution is extremely poorStore exclusives are handled terribly with extreme limited quantities. Quality control fluctuates wildly Not all Amiibos are equal in terms of compatibility making some worthleasCross-compatibility is a let down in terms of execution. Games that make actual use of them requires you to clear the data from other games
9Good DLCSays marketers on /v/ and reddit and game journo sites.Name one objectively good DLC that isn't either the devs selling you what should have been in the game from the start, or the devs holding back stuff to sell to you later.
8Because we're being left with incomplete game experiences thanks to your toy obsession. I'd hate to own Splatoon without all 3 Amiibos. I'd be missing out on 3 sets of clothing and 3 weapon skin along with 3 loading screen minigames and roughly 60 challenge missions.
8VOTE WITH YOUR WALLETThat implies a democracy and a democracy implies vigilence and discussion. It also implies that YOUR vote affects ME.So before you go and make an analogy that you don't full understand, why don't you go fuck yourself.
1There's nothing wrong with DLC as a concept, but everything wrong with it in execution
1Blood DragonShivering Isles
I liked the idea, nintendo blew it hard with the execution though. Im lucky enough to work overnight electronics at Wal-Mart so i pretty much have one of each on reserve. I can tell you first-hand that its fucking retarded when my store is shipped literally 4 charizards and employees buy them at midnight before customers even get a chance and then its not possible to ever get any more. On a related note, what the fuck ever happened to MK? I preordered one like 7 months ago, about a month before his original release i got an email from best buy saying there was some major fuck up and all meta knights were delayed until November 2015, but then i hear and see people talking about them? Are they talking about japanese ones?
7There's nothing wrong with communism as a concept, but everything wrong with it in execution
1It's already out It's called a New Nintendo 3DS. Did you actually believe they would release an adapter? 
7Not all DLC is created equal, anon.
0Blood dragon is a stand alone game in the same engine. It's not DLC.Shivering Isles was sold as an expansion pack. And had enough content to be one.
6not him but the adaptor has been announced for Japan on July release.
8... like?I just looked it up. In Hyrule Warriors they just seem to unlock random smatterings of weapons and items or costume shit, and most are overlapping, easily unlocked by multiple amiibos. And as far as I know, in Splatoon, they just unlock new missions or challenges that take place on pre-existing maps.None of that is "must-have", or "major content". If you think it is, then it is you who is retarded. Or are you just mad that you have to spend any amount of money on something in order to own it? In which case you're just whining about having to pay for content of any kind.
8Why ganondorfEvery other LoZ amiibo has been pretty common
9Hyrule Warriors has a new, unique weapon, which is a Warriors game means a unique moveset, which is essentially a new character.
9weapons, items, costumes, missions, and challengesnot major contentWithin the games themselves, it is major content.Why are you defending on-disc content being locked behind a physical paywall? It's fucking shitty and you know it.
9Weapons in a Mousou game aren't major contentChallenges in a shooter aren't major contentLook at this fucking faggot
Pros: Collector's itch. DLC is cross-game compatible.Cons: Artificial scarcity for something that unlocks non-cosmetic content is pants-on-head retarded.
2So I just got 2 Jigglypuffs in the mail today from when Target had them up for 5 minutes on May 29th. What should I do with the other one?
9I wanted a girl Robin too.I'm not sorry.
5Not only that, but Nintendo went from never having on-disc DLC to EVERY GAME having on-disc DLCYoung Nintendofags don't know how nintendo really is. A lot act like Nintendo can do no wrong because they didn't jump on the DLC train at the beginning. But in reality, they're just incompetent and resistant to change.They're the goldman-sachs of this industry. It takes them a bit to keep up with the times of fucking over their customer, but once they do, they jump in head first and become the worst offender.
1Name one objectively good DLC that isn't either the devs selling you what should have been in the game from the start, or the devs holding back stuff to sell to you laterConsidering half of this is up to your own spinned ideas in your head, this is gonna be a pointless argument. Pikmin 3 and Mario Kart 8 come to mind as the most recent examples, arguably Dark Souls 1. Darksiders 2 had some great DLC as well, even though the support collapsed before they could finish it all. Plus DLC doesn't exactly mean paid. Dragon's Crown had amazing DLC that added a huge influx of content in to the game for free.
I don't understand why everyone praises the cross compatibilityIt's miniscule as shit. What's worse is games that actually make use of them requires you to format the memory on the figure.Hooray, it's cross compatible to unlock useless shit, but not when it actually makes use of them.
It's disc locked dlcdisclockeddlc
9Show me a single piece of Xenoblade merch.
1for the price you can usually import something much better.B-b-b-bullshit! XD
5mousou gameYou fuckers already paid out 60 bucks to mash the attack button for hours on end. Seems like you got scammed hard enough as it is.All that shit is content, but in no way major. And if you deem it major content, go buy a fucking Amiibo. You'll get your "MAJOR CONTENT" and get a neat little figurine to boot, plus the figure will likely be compatible with other games you own, and games that will come out in the future, possibly unlocking even more of this MAJOR CONTENT.9Of stupid shit that only matters to manchildren, autists and sperglords.
ProsCool figuresWork across a bunch of different gamesConsScarcityDisguised DLC
2We're reaching a consensus on these things right now with an actual discussion.Not on this site you aren't. Keep that horrid rationality thing away from here.
I'd be fine if it was just costumes. I don't mind that a few people get to be a schoolgirl or samurai in Splatoon, but the single player is bare bones. I can't believe they'd hide the most basic bit of replayability for the story mode behind Amiibos.And while this is annoying, what makes it worse is that I can't get them. The nice thing about DLC is it is Downloadable; I don't have to worry about trying to get a costume/map pack and the store saying "Sorry, we're sold out."
8What is google shopping
2against as a video-game addon. For as a standalone collectable.Basically I don't give a shit if nintendo wants to sell collectable figurines but locking DLC and other features behind them is fucking annoying and needs to stop.
5All that shit is content, but in no way major.All content that isn't cosmetic is major, you raging faggot. Anything that enables gameplay is major because you continue playing as a result of it.
2When does ZSS come out?I want to nab one before a certain youknowwho hordes them.
2No matter how big or small the content an Amiibo unlocks, no matter the significance, they are still hiding content on-disc behind a paywall. That is wrong. When you already pay money for a game, you should be able to access ALL of the content on that disc with no worries of extra cost. This is no different from Capcom's debacle about on-disc DLC, except now you get a shitty toy for it.And the thing is, because it's Nintendo, they're getting away with it. Skylanders got shit because of it, and any other company doing this would be mocked. Nintendo is being greedier than EA, Activision, Ubisoft, and Capcom combined, but everyone is okay with it. It's sickening and one of the many reasons I feel Nintendo destroyed the game industry from 2006 onward.
1bowser still in boxwhen there are still 500 of them at any retail store
8This is stupid because some things like "missions" that count as DLC or major content is something as stupid or minor as giving you a repeating objective with a slightly different set of circumstances or a time limit. Or like the crap in Captain Toad where it just hides the little statue in levels for you to find. Oh, holy shit, I didn't experience EVERYTHING that game had to offer because I didn't find the tiny statue of Marth on world 4-2 or whatever! Oh woe is me!I'll give you the spinner in Hyrule Warriors. that's the closest thing to "Major" content I've seen locked behind an amiibo, and even then if you like HW, you'd think you'd like Link enough to just buy his readily-available amiibo to have that functionality, plus for a bunch of other games now, too.
I hope the Doc amiibo doesn't get retarded rare
2And not even the good Bowser. The Mario Party series one makes the Smash one look like dog shit.
7This wholeBUT YOU'RE BUYING SOMETHING THAT INCREASES WITH VALUE AS GAMES GO ONmentality is fucking awful.It's like listening to Sonyggers try and defend their 'free games'At least Sonyggers get games for their retardation, while you get on-disc dlc.
They should of just been figures and nothing more. Or at least the DLC that is locked in them should have been available on the store for like $2. The figures themselves are pretty low quality and shouldn't cost what they are charging. I'd rather spend money on a nice Figma.
0This is true for all of the Mario party amiibo
5It's a MarioIt's going to clog up the pegs
7you'd think you'd like Link enough to just buy his readily-available amiibo to have that functionality, plus for a bunch of other games now, too.But that's not the point. No content should ever be behind a fucking paywall. If it's cosmetic, then you can choose to buy it if you wish, but when it's actual stuff like missions, it's still playable content that you have to pay for to access.And that is fucking awful, and if you're ok with it, then you're fucking awful.
5And if you deem it major content, go buy a fucking Amiibo.From the stores that are sold out and not restocking them, or from the scalpers so I can pay the price of a full-game for some DLC?Think before you post something, anon. Artificial scarcity completely destroys the ability to treat these like normal DLC.
5Of stupid shit that only matters to manchildren, autists and sperglords.That doesn't matter, it's still content that is on the disc you just paid for, potential labor that could have been spent on other areas of the game instead. It's a way to squeeze as much money out of the customer as possible.
1Unboxed Shulk, Ness, Gold Mario, and Pit Keeps Charizard and Bowser in a box
2I'm only against it when they're blocking a major part of the game.Not that Mario Party 10's was all that major. The game as a whole was pretty shit.
8I actually defend Disney Infinity so I wouldn't say it's okay when Nintendo does it. However, the way they are used in Smash, and even to some extent Mario Party. Those wouldn't be possible without something physical. Since the idea is to train up your characters, then take them to your friends house and battle. It's like Pokemon in a sense. I won't defend read only content though as those are actually just DLC keys. However, it could be possible that the developers are getting extra revenue through amiibo sales. Now keep in mind this isn't defending them, and I have no idea if this is actually true or not. But lets say there's a division within Nintendo that's handling all of the amiibo support. And they go around to teams working on games. So this group goes over to the team working on Code Name STEAM and says hey, we'll give you this amount of money to add amiibo support. So that would mean that Marth, Ike, Lucina and Robin would have never been playable without amiibo. Again it still sucks but if that is the case the content that is locked away would have never happened to begin with. Splatoon, however is the most disgusting use of amiibo I've seen. A shame a new IP has to be tainted with that.
I'd be fine with them if there were any other way to get the ingame benefits from them without tracking them down. As it is, it punishes people who might be interested but aren't able to camp out online for them or pay premiums to scalpers.
7There's also no reason to believe that "If it wasn't for Amiibo, this owuld be on the game at the start!"Most Amiibo locked content would likely just turn to paid DLC anyways.
I got a crooked boxed Greninja today in the mailIs it worth some dosh to a in box collector?
2Nintendo talks about it like a hugee innovative shit that opened a new era in gamingits literally overpriced figures that is effectively useless in gaming
9But at least you can just fucking buy DLC and have it instantly.If you aren't inclined to buy and own figures, amiibos are fucking patronizing.
6Fucking companies cramming them into a box.
6It will sell for a bit less but should still sell high
4it can be difficult to assess because some people value specific contents more than others. Like Mario Kart 8 costumes nothing to go crazy over. But Code Name Steam's unique bonus characters can effect the gameplay significantly not to mention you can use them for online. It just would be nice to have some optional stuff to unlock it and this is coming from someone who owns these amiibos.
Pros:You get a small statue, quality varies from pac-man to morthYou can sell it, unlike traditional DLCCons:Enables scalpersOver pricedSome simply give less content than others, a Mario amiibo is compatible with tons of games while others only work with one or two gamesFunnily enough, the ones that work with less games are more often than not rare to find, so they not only have less content but they're also more expensiveDay 1 content behind a paywallGames like MK8 & Wooly World have good Amiibo implementation, it's cosmetic only, but you have games like Splatoon where challenge modes that could lengthen the short singleplayer mode are locked behind the wall, or like MP10 where an entire GAME MODE is behind the paywallit's very successful with dipshits like 5 supporting this shit, amiibos will do nothing but convince nintendo that they can get away with shitting on their fanbase
6Nintendo talks about it like a hugee innovative shit that opened a new era in gamingIt's a Skylanders rip off but they forgot to make an actual game for it first.The funny part is that Toys for Bob actually pitched the idea to Nintendo so first. Nintendo do rejected it so they went with Activision.And here we are now.
2I'm for companies tricking people into thinking things are more valuable because they are in short supply, but against falling for it myself.
Prosgives franchises with no merchandise something to buyThe figures themselves are pretty damn coolCertain game they funcion with like in smash bros and MK8 are a neat bonusConsthey're damn near impossible to get especially here in new jersey, no one gives a fuck about new jerseycertain game funcions like splatoon lock content behind themnintendo refusing to produce more for easy money
I don't know. I'm too old, and have too much other shit going on to actually care, but I'm sure I'd be really excited about them if I was a kid.
I bet it socks when big N is pushing it's big dock around like so: 
7Since the idea is to train up your characters, then take them to your friends house and battle. It's like Pokemon in a senseOr, you know.Make an account system that works and can be easily accessed across all platforms.But no, let's just be disgusting kikes instead
6That would be incredibly messy to work with and might end up taking a good chunk of time to set up. It might not even work properly. I don't think any console even has a system that could work exactly like that without something physical. Compare the hassle of setting that up to just taking your amiibo out of your case and plopping it on the gamepad.
01it will get released in the west with that animal crossing room designer game
If they weren't impossible to find, I don't think I would have as much of a problem with them. It being extremely rare DLC is what makes it insufferable, especially when they keep making them add more and more. The Splatoon ones add a pretty large amount of content to the main game.
6The Wii Mote actually has a feature where you can save data on it.They should have expanded on that
Pro: It's buy-once-use-everywhere DLC, which is quite nice.Con: Nintendo still can't produce enough to saturate the market like they should.
Pro: Physical item as compared to DLCCon: They're extremely fucking shitty qualityCon: Because of Nintendo's Jewish artificial supply tactic, they're urgent to getCon: They're overpriced for what you getPro: Works across multiple games, unlike traditional DLCCon: 90% of the time all you're getting is a shitty Mii costumeCon: Only a handful of games actually support more than like 3 exclusive amiibosCon: In recent releases you need to buy additional amiibos just to get this content, your existing ones do not unlock itPro: They currently offer little to no excessive locked contentCon: Project S.T.E.A.M and Splatoon show that Nintendo are practising adding more day one DLC into gamesCon: They also show that Nintendo are starting to lock even more content behind BRAND NEW AMIIBOSCon: Jewish supply deals to lock certain figures exclusively to storesCon: They're getting greedy and releasing too many - SILVER MARIO LIMITED EXCLUSIVE GOTY RAZER NAGA 420 AMIIBOCon: Supporting them encourages Nintendo to release more amiibos with less content, not more content on less amiibosCon: Supporting them encourages Nintendo to delve deeper into shitty DLC practicesCon: 90% of the amiibos are uselessCon: We were promised minimal things like memory card functions, now we're getting exclusive characters and missionsCon: You look like a fucking manchild when you buy and collect themAs it stands, amiibos are cancer. They are more harmful than they are helpful and anyone who willingly supports Nintendo through this phase is killing what was one of the last decent companies in this industry.Then again they were declining rapidly with the release of the Wii when they decided to release fisher price toys instead of actual competitive powerhouse hardware like the Gamecube.
2give one to me please
Pros: Affordable figures that unlock stuffLook nice for the priceMerch for shit that doesn't get merch or hasn't had merch for agesCons: Do fuckall if you don't have a compatible gameHard to findHawkers everywhere fucking people overHaven't wanted to purchase any because none have appealed to me
5Sony and Microsoft both have cloud features that can and do do that.Steam has cloud features that can do that.7However, it could be possible that the developers are getting extra revenue through amiibo sales.Except that's not how it works. Nintendo isn't giivng companies extra dev money for putting in Amiibos. Why would they? Amiibos are a chain upsell tactic. Anyone in marketing can spot this a mile a way. The value these devs are getting from amiibo are upsell value.Nintendo upsold you on amiibos with smash and MP10, and now they're trying to use the amiibos to upsell you on games with amiibo support. "Buy this amiibo, it's DLC for this game! Buy this game, you already own the DLC for it!"And you fell for it hook line and sinker.
8Dr Mario will be common tooAs will be Bronze Mario and Fire MarioFive Marios on every shelf!
6Buy-once-use-everywhere**Not useable everywhere. Compatibility based on title. Certain titles requires you to format data already on your Amiibo in order to be compatible.
pros: you get something physical?cons: some of the shit that the amibos are linked to shouldnt even be fucking DLC but niplovers are to blind to fucking see that improved AI should already be in the fucking game fuck you retarded cancerous fanbase faggots
June 14th, Bethesda's conference is about to startTodd walks up on stage, ready to demo Fallout 4It beginsName ONE THING that Fallout 4 could have that would make it a day-one play for you. One thing shown in that demo that would sell you on the game.
Made by Obsidian
It starts with saying developed by Obsidian
1Nothing, because they lie.
1You remember New Vegas? Yeah, that.
1If Todd would kill himself I'd buy it day one
What is the appeal of this plastic crap?
5They are as shitty and jewish as that Skylanders and Disney bullshit. Actually even worse cause they don't have dedicated games and what they unlock so far only equates to crappy skins for other games and CPU characters on Smash.But god no dude they are from nintendo, so they are really cool and what no. DONT YOU DARE SAY THEY ARE SHIT.
5Time to be the good little drone that I am and deflect will all my might!
If you have purchased these you should definitely question your priorities
0Even these fucking things are better than amiibos.At least they unlock shit for you to play with. Fucking 20 dollar amiibos you get a friendly pet CPU and what's that? YOU CAN NOW CHANGE THE PATTERN OF YOSHI'S SKIN? WHAT? NO WAY!
6Skylanders and Infinity require you to buy the figures to unlock its gameplayAmiibos require you to buy them to unlock visual bonusesAre you seriously claiming the former is better than the latter?
4Amiibos are $13
0buying figures for useless in-game cosmetics
64At least they unlock shit for you to play withHOW IS THIS A GOOD THINGWHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU
I gotta give it to nintendo, they've made a dlc system that costs extra and people lap it up like semen
9having to buy the figures to play the game
7actually does somethingeither way you're a retard if you buy this shite
5another mouthbreather asking the same question againLet's not have one of these threads. It's almost been a year since they've came out, if you still have a bug up your ass about them, I suggest you take a break from the internet.
In the future you won't buy physical copies of games, you'll buy an amiibo that unlocks a download key
1That's worse though. At least amiibos are optional and unobtrusive
9implying the mouthbreathers aren't the ones who are buying physical autism
5None, at least for sane people that aren't Nintendo fanboys.
0As a mutter of fact yes, you fuckwad.The former is built around a jewish system that works.Here have an incomplete game.You want more? Buy shit.This is very much in the vein of micro-transactions. This is a business model that works. Why cause it caters to kids and obsessive faggots. Is it good? No. Does it work? Yes.The latter caters to an even dumber line of people. Faggot fans and kids. There are a ton of people that have bought amiibos only to collect them. They are not even good looking and are made out of cheaper plastic than skylanders crap. And to top it off it does now have a business model under it.Here have some figures that integrate into our game.Do they actually do anything?Not really but we know you are going to buy them.Both are evils, amiibos just happen to be the kind that are more useless.
8optional and unobtrusiveWhich is exactly why if you're a retard if you still go out of your way to buy them
4No, people complaining about them are much, MUCH worse.
2I just want to bully nerds
7Because their are build a game upon them. That is what they are, a platform of game/toys. Amiibos is worse because it does nothing of relevance with the toys itself.
Are cheap official figures of beloved video game charactersUnlock cosmetic bonuses in games as part of their gimmickAre a collector's item because of the rarity of some of the figures
9calling people nerds while browsing /v/, the nerdiest board of the nerdiest websiteThat's like calling someone fat while eating a fucking ice cream cake
5How the fuck is the second model evil?NOTHING is forcing you to buy the amiibosWhat the fuck
7they like, contaminate anon
9cheapthey're 10 bong doubloonscosmetic itemsdo nothingcollector's itemthe queen's shit is rare, doesn't make it valuable
9no, it's like me calling you a nerd because you buy useless, plastic crap
57So let me confirm this: You would rather the amiibos be keys to unlocking chunks of gameplay from Nintendo games, than have them work like they do today?You are absolutely ridiculous.
7Because they are useless. They are selling useless shit.
7Both are things you don't need. You can finish Skylanders with just the bundled figure. I bet you can also beat that lego crap with the starter pack.
Show me your non-amiibo figure of Wii Fit Trainer, or Ness, or Captain Falcon.
6So? Marbles don't do anything and people still buy them. Some people just like collecting things
7they're 10 bong doubloonsThat is cheap.Mfw poorfags
7Just like nothing is forcing you to buy other figures for shitlanders and disney infinity.
0You can play games with marbles
5honestly i dont care about amiibosi just want, rosalina and lucy for a friend that likes those character that way i will win her hearth :3
6implying nerd has any meaning outside of high school. Nigger faggot jew, go fuck yourself kid.
0Except Skylanders and Infinity have pieces of the game locked away if you don't buy those figures.
7No, it would be perfect if Nintendo released a Game that actually use the Amiibos in a meaningful way. Like Skylanders and Disney Infinity does.
55555I love you anon.
Because where else am I getting a Captain Falcon figure?
3thinking its matter of money and not a matter of self respect
nintendrones will defend that maybe you buy them to collect figures of your favorite charactersBut why when there are a ton better options?
7You would rather the amiibos be keys to unlocking chunks of gameplay from Nintendo gamesLike Skylanders and Disney Infinity does.Yeah, thanks for confirming it dipshit.
9post a photo of all your useless amiibo
5ok you got me
Ganondorf preorder when?
1Caring so much about your image when you make a purchase, to people you'll either never see again, or are just doing their jobIt's Summer, go in the Garden.
ZSS is already out of stock? i thaught it'd be out by september, wtf?
5Getting a official figure of your favorite charactersIs the only reason I like' em. They have a very nice packaging  smb series are very bland IMOFor characters that NEVER been in figure form, is cool to have.
6Because they're cheaper?
4Yeah at least the shit plastic would have some use. My nephew got 2 of them and now are doing nothing and most likely are going to be thrown away by the next spring clean.
6Post a photo of your taint first. Pic related, money made on amiibo.
5What is the appeal of this plastic crap?Some People enjoy Playing and Collecting Toys.Barbie, Ninja Turtles etc.. They can be used to unlock stuff in games..But mostlyTOYS Some people like to play with toys.
6Because they cost one sixth of what that one costs.
5Nigger it was out of stuck like half a year ago.2Thank you captain obvious, are you going to say they look like ass next?
0Yeah. First is from based Activision and Big Guy Bobby, second is Nintendo.
8no movement on limbs at allno interchangeable faces or items for static posesEven my fucking Nendoroids do more.
6I assume this is a photo you took yourself? Congrats on managing to get your hands on it, must have been expensive though.
8Kind of like Nintendo games, then? Toys for children?
6Falcon hasn't had a game in 10 yearsNintendo hasn't awoken to the fact the opinion of Earthbound/Mother series is much different than what it was when it came out, so they hardly release anything from the seriesThe last time Mac's had merc was 1985 And so on
4Not at all, I do have it on my shelf but I have no cameras that have a higher quality than a potato.
4Also it was literally like 59 bucks.
6useless plastic crapiphoneGo be homo somewhere else.
Nintendo's version of this whole Skylanders/Infinity thing is cheaper, less intrusive, less cancerous than its peersPeople still claim it's somehow worseIt's LITERALLY not okay when Nintendo does it.Because when Nintendo does it, locking gameplay content behind a paywall suddenly becomes a good thing, while not doing so becomes a bad thing.
1Falcon hasn't had a game in 10 yearsYet he has better figures.
3Forgot picture.
1Nintendo hasn't awoken to the fact the opinion of Earthbound/Mother series is much different than what it was when it came out, so they hardly release anything from the seriesYet there are better figures.
4That faceWorse than the amiibo/10
0Amiibos require you to buy them to unlock visual bonusesWhy do people keep pretending amiibo aren't impacting gameplay?Even if you want to be an ass and pretend Mario Party 10 and Smash both don't lock you out of boards/trainable AI by requiring you to have an amiibo, Codename STEAM literally has four playable characters out of a total of 17 on cart that require an amiibo each for you to ever access them.Playable characters is not a "visual bonus". At all. Stop pretending amiibos are never tied to actual gameplay content because they have been.8Amiibounobtrusivecompared to Skylanders/InfinityI'd say it's the exact opposite.People know what they're getting into when they buy a Skylanders game or Disney Infinity game, those games are clearly advertised as revolving entirely around those figures. And if you don't like that format, you can simply never buy the games and you will never be negatively impacted by them.Meanwhile, as someone who owns a Wii U and 3DS and buys a lot of Nintendo games, almost every single game I buy, at full price, on those systems for the past year and likely for the next few years has a varying degree of content cut out from it, be it cosmetic or gameplay. Short of just not buying any of Nintendo's games from now on, there's nothing I can do about that and it's going to keep happening and every game I buy from Nintendo for the next few years is going to have on disc content tied to one or more $15 figures that are sold separately.
7The Disney Infinity figures are literally keys that unlock content. You only tap the thing once and you never have to use it ever again. At least in Smash Bros you have to tap the figure every time you want to save its progress
0That's one single game, boyo :^Amiibos span the entire fucking console
3It's a status symbol.Girls see my iPhone they know I've got money.Girls see your amiibo they know they've got to get the fuck out of there.
I get them to give as gifts for birthdays and Xmas sticking stuffers. Is that good enough for you anon or are you still salty as fuck about these toys that you can't afford?
4Not digging the boot paint
6If you are seriously taking into consideration the amount of times you have to place the piece of plastic on top of the other as feature you really have to reconsider your whole fucking life.
3comparing a cellular device to a hunk of DLC junk
6The use of the toys is not how many times you touch it but the meaning of why do you have to own it. Both are collectible so it is the same in that area is just that one has meaning in their own game while the other is for useless crap on several games.
2Yet they are useless for anything other than paint jobs on your other game dude's pants.
5You're criticizing amiibos while praising Infinity for doing the exact same things
6Sick tats
6You realise that in Smash, all the amiibo is doing is telling the game what amiibo it is and then the game lets you train that character. The AI, the way it learns, the save file it creates and everything are all done on the Wii U and the only other thing the amiibo does is store that save file which could very easily be done on the system and via uploadable saves ala Mario Kart time trials.They're both just unlock key codes.
0girlsright....
4cheers, son
6I'm not defending either piece of plastic but your twat brain is saying it's better to be able to bump your dick into the wall more than one time as opposed to just one time.
I buy these for the same reason I bought a considerable chunk of the Mega Man X D-Arts line:In numbers, they'll be an impressive display. And thus far, the only easy way to get merch of characters like Ness, Duck Hunt Dog, or soon Chibi-Robo.
6This is the best figure Jigglypuff has ever had. It's so cute, Anon. So cute.
6That perspective makes your left arm look tiny caompared to the other.
6Because lots of characters don't have better alternatives and you can't buy something like that statue at a retail store in the US for $13.
1The reason why Nintendo doesn't bother with them is because Nintendo's other games fly off shelves with only a confirmation of their existence. Their various games appeal to various small but vocal niches. FE has the waifufags, AC/Pokemon/Starfox has the furries, Metroid has the Shindol audience. F-Zero in particular, not so much, at best you could argue his fans from Smash, and even then they'd complain about an F-Zero game not being about beating people up.
6Why does Samus have a dick there?
2Mario Party 10 comes with an amiibo. This is why I know you're just shitposting. Whenever anyone mentions MP10 while complaining about amiibos, they're just reaching as far as they can for examples.Literally no one cared about Codename STEAM before the amiibo contoversy, but now suddenly everyone that didn't want the game in the first place is boycotting it.Don't like it, don't buy it. Vote with your wallet. I'm not buying any amiibos.
5What I'm saying is that amiibos in Smash Bros save the AI from one game so you can bring it with you and use the same AI to play with other people on a completely different game. Sounds like it has more use than the Infinity/Skylanders figures
6bashes amiiboshows a shit figma
0Lucina figmas and amiibos are going for around the same price nowadays
5MP10 comes with one amiibo. It has content tied to nine different amiibo, as it has nine amiibo stages that are each tied to specific amiibo. If I'm wrong on that, please correct me.Literally no one cared about Codename STEAM before the amiibo contoversy, but now suddenly everyone that didn't want the game in the first place is boycotting it.I was interested in the game. A new IP and an SPRG at that meant I had a passing interest in it at least from the start. Don't tell me how I feel about things just so you can pretend nobody is allowed to criticize it.The game has four playable characters on the cart on day one tied to separate purchases. The fact you think no one cared about the game does not change that, at all.Don't like it, don't buy it. Vote with your wallet. I'm not buying any amiibos.That's exactly what I'm doing.Sadly, I don't want to stop buying Nintendo's games as a whole because I quite enjoy them, which means with every game, I'm missing something because of amiibo. 7That's not a figma.
4GOOD GOD WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOUR FAAAAAACE.yeah the amiibo is better for Falcon.
7figmaI hope your baiting, son. Either way you have shit taste and sight.
6filtered
I don't know. Especially when you can get this plastic crap instead.
6Pretty nice looking Shulk figure there, where can I get one?Do they have one for Palutena too?
16arguing over semanticsshit FIGURE is SHIT. it's a toy either way fuck.
What are the chances of fallout 4 having bandits that don't look like they robbed a sex shop?
6Zero
NoneSmegma crazies to the left! Gayboy berserkers, to the gate!
make female bandits use the left one, and males use the right onethis is needed for equality
6Was Mad Max produced by Ausies or Americans? Left looks like a more realistic because of layered clothes keep you warm when you have to survive on little food and sleep. Right one looks like it was straight from the Mad Max 2 & 3.
why not both?
8this is bethesda we're talking about here
3the capital wasteland didn't look that cold, when playing the game. why the raiders would go to such lengths to make such shitty makeshift armor is beyond me though.
it's traditional bandit wear, OP
6series inspired by Mad Max has Mad Max looking raidersgee I wonder why
The one on the left is boring, the one on the right looks like it was inspired by Mad Max.
6I think video games are largely built of impossibilities. Going crazy theatrical with design is the more imaginative option and plays a part in portraying the subject matter. It's really more meaningful. It should be kept in if for nothing else than continuity which the series is lacking in. That being said it is beyond cliche at this point.
2the one on the right looks like it was inspired by Mad Max.How is that any less boring? It's an ugly knockoff, lazily ripped from a superior franchise.
I've never understood any of this shit in FalloutLike I get it's post apocalyptic but that doesn't mean everyone goes insane. It's been like a couple hundred years after shit went down, why is it that no one has started reconstructing anything. People are only capable of grabbing random pieces of rusty scrap metal and bolting it together while wearing leather.
3Well the Fallout series heavily borrows from Mad Max. The most notable parts being the post apocalyptic setting and the dog companion. So it makes sense to copy the outlaw/bandit clothing
4Oh man, I guess you've never been in the service? It was +13 Celsius outside and I was wearing thermal underwear, uniform, flack jacket, cloves, shemagh, beanie, helmet, thermal socks, boots and I was still looking for sunny spots in the forest just because of lack of sleep and a decent meal.
6only the fags survive because nobody eats them because their hiv positive
0no one has started reconstructing anythingit's even worse. there are all these places with rubble piled up everywhere, yet the buildings on either side of the street are intactsomeone had to bring that rubble in from somewhere
0Most bandits, I say bandits and not crime families are little more than cavemen.
0I wouldn't argue against a change. Every one of them look like a one man gay pride parade.
Typical Japanese Apocalyptic Bandit
0Go back in time and complain about that when they created the franchise. Fallout is full of references to other post apocalyptic media.
0It represents the savage and sexual nature of the bandits. In like a second of looking at it your mind goes "oo that's dirty". It also lets you distinguish friend from foe at a distance. Which is relevant to gameplay. Unless you're the kinda person who spams the VATS button all the time.
9I would argue against a change.
0What does that has to do with anything, you gayboy?
1you can tell by the way they decorate their hideouts with mutilated bodiesall these corpses hanging from the ceiling and not one air freshener. my god
3layered clothes keep you warmThere's your answer. New Vegas takes place in the Mojave Desert, which is a desert, and also quite hot.As for Fallout 3's excuse, I have no idea. D.C. gets pretty chilly in the winter. Maybe the Great War changed the climate somehow; I don't know.
2expecting 12 year olds to understand the reference
4You do not survive in an post apocalyptic world dressed like a gay faggot from the 70s.
Neither of those are apocalyptic
This game could be saved if the gameplay has good fluidity and everything doesn't look so dark, flat, and copy-pasted. All they need is:good modeling especially on guns and the fucking player character itself, holy shit. and hopefully gore is still included and will be made more realisticgood physics maybe even a certain amount of environmental destructiongood animation aka every single thing in the game doesn't glide around while trying desperately to look like it's walking or running or attacking or whatevergood particle effects and lighting energy weapon and gun fire, light from the sun, ambient lighting, and explosions reflecting off of the player character and his/her weapons, wet environments reflect light differentlyplease no bullet sponge enemies. can we get a reaction when we shoot something with a fucking 50 BMG round?a truly open world aka no invisible walls without an asston of long, obtrusive loading screensplease don't let weather be complete shita fucking good soundtrackgood writers. why does bethsoft try to make story/quest driven games and then have the conduits of the story deliver their badly written lines in such a horrible way?varied weapons i mean come on seriously did you play fallout 3 and a real art direction
7Deserts get cold as fuck at night
3well of course notwhat, do you want the bandits to win?
1neckbeard pleb trying to tell billion dollar game franchise how to do its job
7New Vegas takes place in the Mojave Desert, which is a desertDeserts can get cold as fuck during winters and at night.
0Why wouldn't they understand it?
8Not siding with Freedom Fighters so Bandits are neutral.Are you looking for trouble m8?
1Well you can forget good animations/modeling because Todd refuses to get someone competent and insists on using the crap his highschool friend shits out6Yeah how does he dare to have standards and the audacity to hope for improvements? Fuck off drone.
7Yeah, I don't get it, is the Stalker series supposed to be apocalyptic? I thought life outside the Zone was still going on as normal and all the bad shit was just contained in the Zone, although in the games they say it's spreading larger.
2Not posting ass chaps banditYou fucked up
9I thought life outside the Zone was still going on as normal and all the bad shit was just contained in the Zone, although in the games they say it's spreading larger.You're correct. Both bandits, stalkers and mercs got there to earn some dosh.
9The Zone is just a bad part of slavland, life goes on as usual outside of it. So it's not apocalyptic.And Fallout takes place like 200 years after the apocalypse so it's obviously POST-apocalyptic.
6oo that's dirtyHm, do you think so?
2The leather club is two blocks down.
2Just walk away.
2I love this thing simply because it spawned Fist of the North Star.
8ok sorry
6STALKERPost ApocalypticFucking idiot. Everywhere but the Zone is perfectly fine. You havent even played STALKER.
2I barely remember the Mad Max movies. Should I go watch them again?
4But the guys in Metro look similar.
7just some football pads
9Only Road Warrior
9surei did that recently, and they weren't as good as i remember, but they were still alright
9I watched them for the 1st time last week.
6implying outfits inspired by Mad Max are American at allGet cultured, you swine.
4have you found a full empty yet?no one will get this
have you fags ever seen mad max holy shit???
9That character in your image was literally gay. Very bad example.
9can someone explain what the fuck was going on in the first movie?
9 Yeah. Skip the first, watch 2 like 2says. Watch 3 if you feel like it but it's not the same.
6preferring homeless slavs over mad max extras
8max drove around and killed a bunch of fuckersi think they killed his gf or somethingit really didn't need a whole lot of plot
Blizzdrones will defend thisI have an honest question for people that still give Blizzard|Activision money. Why do you do it? Stockholm Syndrome?
9alternate skin for a classCompletely optional, over priced though.
overpriced cosmeticsNot like every over dev is now doing this.
8over pricedimplying Blizzdrones don't line up to give Blizzard moneyThere are tons of people on Mystic Runesaber $25 mounts and $20 HoTS mounts at any given timeI don't get it. How do I go about collecting a fanbase like this? I want to continuously shit onto a plate, keep charging for it and have people buy it.
I will defend it, though I'm not gonna buy it.
Oh I was interested for a minute because I thought it was a new class.
Not a Blizzdrone but how do you expect a free to play game to make money without a cash shop?
9SkinAlmost got me agitated. If it changed the hero power as well I would have gotten primely pissed.
It's just cosmetic you fucking retard.
8Good goy. They're only cosmetics. This is a rare look into the mind of a Blizzdrone
9Lame thought we were getting a new class.Though I might actually buy it considering I fucking love BronzebeardBut its horridly overpriced,which fucking sucks.
$10An animated portrait with a few new lines is worth $7 at most.
I don't see what the issue is, let retards give them money, it's not affecting you in any way.
9get seventy gorillon dollars for a shitty buggy unity gamewhat should we invest dev time in?PAID SKINS
5Please tell me how cosmetic content negatively affects you as a player in ANY way.
4Actually it does affect others.Companies that keep pushing out these cash grabs and DLC bullshit keep getting bought up like candy. This is why gaming companies have shifted focus towards investors, DLC, early access and micro transactions rather than you know when they actually made games built for the players and made money that way.The average gamer has shifted from this nerd stereotype to a soccer mom who would rather play a game with her credit card and play facebook games.It's fucking sad. Gaming is dead as far as I'm concerned.
6I see other people with it and get bluttflusteringly jealous.Then my mom buys it for me.
5m8 it's a free to play game and they're selling a cosmetic to pay off its development and continuing developmentWhat's wrong with that? Answer right now or you're a shitposter
7Well then it's a good thing. You get your hero, more money for blizzard to keep caring about the game and making more content.
play this alot on my phonedecide to investbuy 1 adventure and 15 of each card packyou have to play against some bullshit cheating A.I. for every adeventure card90% of the cards I got were ones I already hadJUST
8Completely optional,Why do people use this as a defense?15, heck even just 10 years ago all of these completely optional extras would be completely free, alongside modding tools for people to make whatever the fuck they want.
8Almost every dev IS doing this, it's just that blizzard pushes their jewry to maximum levels. They charge fucking stupid prices for anything they can get their hands on
7to pay off its developmentAre you high m8?You do understand it's not the developers who make money off of those skins and cosmetics right? Their profit margin for this game is through the fucking roof. They've made WAY more than the game cost.Read through their Q1 Annual report. Destiny and Hearthstone combined made 1 billion dollars. Why do people who buy these cosmetic items honestly think the devs and artists are the ones who make a portion of that money? They don't. They get paid their contract rate or annual salary and that's it. They don't make extra money if it does exceedingly well, that money goes towards executives and investors.
4its ok when blizzard does it
1implying adventure mode isn't trivially easy on Normalimplying it can give you duplicates
5but it's artificial content
3We're living in a different time anon. Where people are okay with shilling money for stupid shit because they like playing the game. It's ingenious.
5The goal of any game is not only to pay for development but also make money. What's the problem? It's covering the cost of continued development and making them some serious dough. The extra profits can be given to investors like you said or reinvested into the company. Blizzard is developing a ton of games at the moment and Hearthstone is helping pay for those as well.
Am I the only one who saw this being a cash grab while it was in beta?There were streamers begging their streams for money for card packs. People were donating hundreds of dollars just to watch people open card packs. Just like Heroes of the Storm. All the content in the beta cost real money. Hell, they even released a $40 deal to get access into beta.It's sad that people still defend them.
9I have no idea why they didn't do that earlier.It's free money.hating on a company for making moneyWhy aren't you complaining about lacking features instead?
There's literally nothing wrong with cosmetic shitIt's the Naxrammas cards that you literally have to grind for weeks or pay a fuckload to get that you should be bitching about
9reinvested into the companyYeah, you definitely haven't read their quarterly report.Their production budget for games has actually gotten lower and lower every single year. It's going to their marketing and it's going to people like Bobby Kotick who makes $50-70 million a year. Is this honestly how you think and do you seriously think Blizzard is releasing all of these cash grabs in all their games to continue further development of their games?They make well more than enough based off of sales alone and main monetization method for every game. All people are doing is giving money to a bunch of rich assholes. Read through that reportTheir budget for game development is cut every single year despite getting more money in sales with all combined.
7You're right. This seems way overdue for Blizzard, though a part of me wishes an alternate hero would have just been unlocked from hitting level cap on that deck or something.
9lmao $10 for literally 2 pieces of art and 2 animations. Blizzard has reached Super Saiyan Jew status. $90 to outfit all nine heroes. Like, how can they justify this? It should be $10 for all 9 portraits and cardbacks. This shit is absurd.
class="quote"using false promises to hire people
9HAHAHAHAHA FAGGOTS STILL PLAY THIS CASH IN HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAfor real though blizzard is the biggest money grubbing shit company in the industry right now. I have more respect for EA and bioware than blizzard.
Meh, who cares in my opinion? I don't spend money on them anymore and they just don't make good games anymore. They've stepped down as the elite Gods of game developers. Let people who can't let Blizzard go get milked. You won't convince them otherwise.I've been supporting indie games and playing those. They may not have the longevity old school WoW did for me but it's nice to see games with passion and heart put into them without the sole purpose of milking the shit out of it.Charges $50 for WoDReleases nothing but selfiesReleases more $25 store mountsThey still have followersI run a web development company. I honestly wish I could do shit like this. Charge $3k for a websiteRush and half-ass the siteWhen the client complains, ask them if they'd like to buy an optional SEO packageI don't imagine my business would last much longer. In reality though, who cares? I don't group with or play with debit card heroes anyways in games I play. They're usually awful at every game they play. One month agoLogged in to do an old raid in WoWNot a single person in the raid knew where ToT or SoO wasLet it go man. Everything ends eventually. Blizzard will meet its end.
6I have more respect for EA and bioware than blizzard.Years ago, you would've been stabbed for saying something that awful.These days, I do too. EA has more respect from my friends and I then Blizzard does. People have so much time invested into that company though, they just refuse to let go. For me, it's not called letting go, it was moving on.
8It's not so trivially easy that I can use my regular decks universally. More than a few of them just seem like bullshit that I would either have to build a deck to cater to them or just go for rng luck. It's just annoying, I see what they were going for but I wasn't expecting it
9You Valvedrones said it was okay when Valve did it with Dota 2. What has changed?
0Yeah, you may need to make new decks, but I've never really felt like I needed a specific card for non-heroic.
5Aren't executives entitled to good remuneration?
8OP confirmed valvedrone. This wonderful gentleman says so.
6Exacly, it's completely meaningless to you if others have it.
5What makes EA better than Blizzard exactly?
8It's kind of hard to compare Blizzard with Valve. Blizzard has become the most greedy gaming company in the industry as of late.
8With valve you can get everything for free. With blizzard, you cannot
9haha look at the console kids paying for skins thank god is PCmaster race never have to right?
8Probably, I'm relatively new to the game so I only have a few go-to decks.Really what was lame as fuck, was getting about 90% dupes when I bought the cards. 145 essence from the mass disenchant, maybe I can actually get something worthwhile
9Many companies have been doing this and there is nothing surprising about it. No one is also defending this.Have you even seen the Hat fortress/CS:GO markets? Those are also only cosmetics and the prices are insaneAt least in this case it's always the same price, I guess
I'll give Blizzard one positive thing: The combat in their games and the handling is par none. It's hard to find a game that handles as well as Blizzard and where the movement and combat feels as fluid.Their art department is also stocked with rockstars in that regards. Other than that, I have nothing nice to say about them. Fuck you Blizzard. I hope you lose 3 more million subs in Warlords of CashShop and you jew out Hearthstone and that crashes too.
8Did you buy Classic packs or GvG packs? You should definitely be buying Classic, GvG has a much smaller card pool and you're gonna get them from Arena anyway.
9Holy fucking shit the waste of potential is infuriating. It was fucking obvious that it was gonna be a dwarf skin for the Warrior class, but WHY DOES THE HERO POWER STAY THE SAME?They could've changed it up and encouraged different playstyles for the heroes while keeping the cards the same, but nope, fuck that, gib munee for no work.
4I think people just get upset because other companies have games that people still enjoy. WoD and Diablo 3 left a bad taste in a lot of people's mouths. Not to mention them jewing out Starcraft 2.
8Nothing, it's just hating on Blizzard for everything they do is the cool thing on /v/ these days.See also: liking only Japanese games, liking games that have shit gameplay because they also have cute girls, anything remotely connected to SJW, etc.
9complaining about cosmetics in a f2p game
9Warrior is in such a terrible design position right now. It's the most broken Constructed class and the most worthless Arena class.
9That would encourage the "omg pay2win" mentality, even if the power was perfectly balanced which it probably wouldn't
3Well, what happens if you don't buy it?
9Valvenot greedycome now
implying this isnt just the start to test the watersDont forget to buy the new Hero class: Monk, with everyones favourite Chen Stormstout for 24,99$ at the online store from Blizzard Entertainment™ :^
2Is it OP in construct mode? I'm stuck at rank 19 and never see warriors.
0A few people shill for Japanese gamesAll of /v/ must like Japanese gamesPeople hate on Blizzard because since 2008, they've been becoming a former shell of themselves as greedy fucking corporate shitheads.
5That would encourage the "omg pay2win" mentalityHow about, like, not making people pay for it then.Especially not TEN FUCKING BUCKS.
2Metzen needs to eat
3
9not even the option to buy with goldLooks like they went full Hitler
4Metzen lives off of a diet of pure coke now. He has transcended the need for food. He has chosen victory over death.
I defended Blizzard all the way up until patch 6.1 for WoW. I can't do it anymore. My account of 10 years was cancelled after they added a major patch built for Selfie sticks and Twitter. I can't even sell the account because account value has tanked hilariously and people aren't paying nearly as much as they were a year ago.HoTS was okay but I prefer other MOBAs. I didn't feel like there was much room for counterplay in HoTS to be honest. It felt so cookie cutter and like it was built for people who failed at League.Diablo 3 did get better with RoS but I still get terribly bored of playing after a week. I take a year break, play it for a week, have fun and then get bored.SC2 killed my favorite feature, Use Map Settings. I loved playing a ton of different fan made maps. Instead, they use this dumbass Arcade feature where the same 5 games are the only ones ever played. Hearthstone is okay for a low resource game but I knew they would do this. It's only a matter of time before they add other 'costmetics'. They killed their MMO with some of the least talented developers in the industry by sticking their F team with WoW. I'm currently hopping around other MMOs and having fun. I'm quite surprised to see how much games like GW2/Tera/WildStar have changed since their release.
Remember when everyone said this graph was full of shit?class="quote"3 million lostLook at the graph now. It's even lower than their announcement of 3 million lost. I honestly think another 2-3 million will leave.
3rank 19 and never see warriors.Found your problem.
8And coke costs more than food! See, it all makes sense now!Feed poor Metzen!
Here's what people have to remember: Blizzard is no longer staffed with the people who made up their company. All of those developers together are what made games like Diablo, Diablo 2 and Starcraft 1 or Warcraft 3. All of those original devs have moved to other companies or moved on. By themselves, they're nothing special but all of those devs together made the greatest games in every genre they set out to conquer. Blizzard will never re-capture that feeling. Everything from this point on will be nothing but a cheaply made, half-assed game built for cash grabbing. It's time to move on guys. I predict in the next 3-4 yearsWarcraft 4 will be in development, will have a bunch of people hyped and it will launch but it will be a shell of Warcraft 3 being half-assed and built with micro transactions in mindWoW will be down to 1-2 million subscribersSC3 will be coming out in the next year as a 2-3 separate expansion pack that will probably cost $60 a pieceBlizzard's quarterly reports by this time will have dropped considerablyHearthstone will have lost half of its playersI see Blizzard dying in the next 5-10 years to be honest.
310, 15 years ago there weren't f2p games you idiot.
9Its a fucking skin for a free 2 play game. Go ahead and call me blizzdrone, faggot. As if I'd care if people paid money for cosmetics in free 2 play games. Like with all free 2 play games, the game has to support itself somehow.
EVERYONE
6the game has to support itself somehow.Yet another idiot who thinks Blizzard doesn't make enough money to support the game.
5a company is not allowed to make money if they already make enough money with their other products!Grow up and learn about economics.
9Good goy
9hearthstone is a glorified korean cell phone game, that tries to bait new players into playing so that the cash whales it already hooked won't leavenothin' like payin with mums credit card to feel like a virtual god
9they're already having trouble balancing the game as is is. A new hero power for every class would make balance a nightmare, all the class cards are balanced around the current hero powers. Also, paying for a new hero power would make it p2w
7They should just make more cards that change your hero power, like Shadowform and Steamwheedle Sniper. Those are fun.
8Dogola!
910$ for a picture and 5 lines of voiced text10$Holy shit anyone who'll buy this shit is beyond any doubt a brainless blizzdrone and has literally no right to complain about paid DLC or other scummy business practices.You are what's wrong with modern gaming.
1I bought 15 of each. And now that you mention it GnG was definitely where I got the most dupes. Only "legendary" was Sneed something.Oh well, now I know. So I'm guessing I should just invest my coins in arena and not packs from now on?
2It's the most broken Constructed classNot any more broken than face/hybrid/midrange hunter, demon zoo/handlock, tempo mage, druid or midrange paladin.
7Sneed's Old Shredder is a decent legendary at least.If you're a new player, odds are buying packs is cheaper for you than playing Arena. However, Arena is also fun. The downside, like I said, is that you only get GvG packs and not classic packs.
93-4 yearswarcraft 4Never, ever. Not with the decline of Starcraft 2 and WoW is still going strong.WoW 1-2 million subsI know you love to shitpost ever 3 years when that big sub drop hits, but subs are up every single time a new expansion releases. Blizz probably has plans for at least 2 more expansions already lined up.SC3Legacy of the Void doesn't even have a release date yet probably late this year though. Hearthstone will have lost half of its playersEspecially Hearthstone is probably their fastest growing game currently. They are just starting to see how they can exploit consumers to make more money with it by selling skins for classes. They are probably already working on the next content expansion that will come out this fall and they'll continue releasing a new expansion every few months that will draw more and more players to the game. Especially since it's on smartphones now.blizz dying in the next 5-10 yearsEspecially Blizzard is very conservative and mostly relies on its long standing IPs. Making Overwatch was a completely new thing and very unexpected by blizzard. It's already lined up to replace TF2 as the new casual shooter on PC. I've actually watched and read up why a major publisher, e.g. THQ was going bankrupt and I just can't see Blizzard dying in the near future ~10 years. They aren't spending money on shit that doesn't sell and are not making contracts with 3rd parties for shit they have to produce, but that doesn't sell. All of their games are highly successfull. Now go ahead and call me a blizzdrone you ignorant faggot.
look at Overwatch channelGetting tons of views with every uploadOh boy, here we go again. Yet another game people are hyping up that will be trash filled to the brim with DLC. I can't wait until they develop Warcraft 4 and get everyone hyped up for that only to fuck them over with a $60 rushed out game nowhere near as great as Warcraft 3.
Question: What kind of DLC is considered good DLC?
0If you need to ask this you're new as fuck.
9Well, what's your answer to the question?
0The only time I ever support DLC is when it's 1 Cosmetic2 By indie or small resource gaming companies not ran by public boards and investorsHuge companies that add microtransactions and DLC is fucking insulting.
0Free DLC to remind people that the game still exists, and to test the waters for the sort of things the might want to include in the sequel.
A minigame in an RPG made by indie devs is more fun/complex than a CCG made by a billion dollar companyBlizzdrones WILL defend this.
9hurr durr everythings bad, just stop playing videogames!0DLC that expands on content. Don't Starve: Reign of Giants for example. It would be considered an expansion but nowadays expansion and DLC are often synonymous.
9I just wish the cards were tradeable. HS has been pretty good about being F2P though.
0rockstar DLC
0In a single-player game, content DLC is fine, if it's produced after the initial development time of the game.In online multiplayer games I have a hard time justifying anything but cosmetics.
$10 for a skinHoly shit... never has this image been more accurate...
2CDPR are as much Indie as Valve.
4hurr durr everythings bad, just stop playing videogames!Yes, that is exactly what I said.1DLC that adds a substantial amount of new content to the game with little asset reuse.
I fail to see the problem.
10 dollars for a small picturepeople will pay for it as well.
NEW HEROESoh wow some new content to mix things up?nah it's literally just a single portrait and a handful of voice lines they shit out in an afternoonGot my hopes up there for a minute.
2Not the first time Blizz has been BTFO by devs making 1% of their profits.Maybe if Blizzshit stopped spending 90% of their budget on aggressive marketing/shilling.
1But PoE is shit.
1I'm still pissed over Diablo 3. Even with RoS the game is so fucking boring.
9Never stop being angry and putting drones/shills in their place, they'll never give us any peace.
9NO PURCHASE WITH GOLD OPTION?DROPPEDJEWIZZARD CAN FUCKL THEMSELVES
Take wallpaper art and crop it for a portraitSpend about 10 minutes having the janitor do lines in a bad Irish accentMake hundreds of millionsThey can't keep getting away with this.
3That would destroy the game immediately becausee everyone who already has all cards and tons of dust would just give his duplicates away and since he already has all of them he still gets new ones to, again, give away. People would get all the cards in an instant if they want and it would probably even promote 3rd party sites that make a profit off of it by selling cards for real money.I've recently started playing on NA I'm EU to play more Arena and naturally reached a wall in constructed because I'm missing tons of cards, but I'm still able to beat people that got naxx and brm fully unlocked with the basic decks Rank 17. I've got tons of GvG cards in just a few days just by playing Arena with the gold I get. What is really annoying is that I barely get any classic cards because I'm using my gold only on Arena and thus have to craft all the actually played cards from classic packs, but I still don't see the problem because I'm collecting dust over time and slowly progressing towards a good collection.The game would probably become really boring much sooner if you have all cards unlocked right from the start.
1HAha, letting you earn cosmetics by playing the game? What kind of fantasy dream world are you living in where devs are that honest and faithful?
wish hearthstone wasnt so fucking grindyit's utterly agonizing being a new player with basic cards getting shit on by every other player who has good shit like defender of argus and knife juggler
4I think it's fun because I have no clue how to play the game and am not a netdecking faggit. You're right, I don't really think it's as P2W as people on here say
0the free kind
3earn cosmetics by playing the game
2I haven't bought any of those things, but I'd wager it's because for a good portion of their adult player base, that's like an hour or less of actual work money wise... As opposed to farming things for weeks or w/e in game. I know it's dumb to not play a game, but personally that kind of money is nothing... But I don't buy them because of a value standpoint.
9I can't. Would be nice if you could get the skins in card packs thoughAnd everyone doing this doesn't make it okay... HS is already getting lots of money, I don't understand why they feel the need to do this.
8B-BUT IT'S JUST COSMETIC ANYWAY!When something is overpriced, it's overpriced. It's 10 fucking dollars for a handful of voice acting lines and a little portrait. And, assuming there's going to be 1 for each class, you would have to pay 90 FUCKING DOLLARS for all of them.
3Argus is only played in like 2 Warlock decks and Knife Juggler usually only in 1 Warlock deck and a hunter deck. They are also only 100 dust to craft. Thats like ~4 average arena runs for a set of them by disenchanting your duplicates and the dust you get from arena.You probably should complain less and play the game especially Arena more often.
9They seriously charging 10$ for what is essentially a pretty picture with few lines? Can't wait for hunter to get an actual hunter and not freaking Rexxar
1git gud scrub
8They are a company and the biggest reason for a company to exist is to make money, grow, expand and make more money. Some companies might want to provide joy to their consumers, but that's not the reason they exist.Why do people even have an Issue with cosmetics? Let others that don't mind it buy cosmetics and help keeping the game alive. Without people that buy stuff in F2P games, that F2P game would have to shut down. Actually, didn't Infinite Crisis shut down recently because they didn't have enough players after releasing just a few months ago?
6Who would it even get? Fucking Alleria?
2hearthstone is easier to pick up
Black Temple and Frostwolf keep no longer hub cities, just quest locations you visit once.New faction cities are copy pastes of the 4.1 krasarang wilds faction bases in ashran, an island in bumfuck nowhereGarrisons only in one zone now, no longer customization, no longer lets you name npcs, no longer has skill boosts, is just a daily quest hub phased to you.average class goes from 40 spells to 7no new skeletons or animations, literally every creature in the expansion is a remodelled creature.portions of entire zones are copy pasted from the BC devsetthe rest are not flying compatible and have 2d jpg mountains -now you know why shamans had far sight and hunters had eagle vision removed.now only 4 dungeons from level 90-100client code for garrison cash shop functionality discovered, quickly removed along with tweet mentioning it from cory stocktonless raid content at launch than any expansionless dungeons than cataclysm had in PATCHESstory is a barely canon side timeline alternate dimension just to give another enemy to fight while trying to lure in veterans with nostalgia and a 'veterans first!" beta access programalmost all CC removed in pvp. totally removed in pveadding healing and tanking npcs in questsHeirloom and tabard storage tab just cut until "later"replacing quests with "dynamic, interactive world experiences" that appear once and when you do them disappear leaving huge swathes of zones empty.new models have a single face and the cosmetic choices in almost every model but undead simply adds a new texture to said single face.80% of announcements from blizzcon for the expansion are confirmed cut or extremely truncated in some way.BLIZZDRONES PAID $60 FOR THAT GARBAGE, DO YOU THINK $10 MEANS ANYTHING TO THEM? They're fucking brainless money sponges, handing over their mommies credit card whenever BlizzSHIT asks.
6inb4 It's Nathanos
9then don't fucking buy it. no one is forcing you to, and no one will buy it themselves unless they can easily afford it.
6Who is a well known hunter in warcraft lore if not Rexxar?
That is fucking retarded, people who want all 9 classes are looking to pay close to a hundred dollars, and who knows if blizz will release more classes and alternate portraits.Hots has this problem too with $20 mounts. I can't imagine how bad Overwatch is going to be. Somehow Blizz has usurped Riot as king of jews for cosmetics and is getting into mobile territory with how much they're charging people.
2I'd drop $10 for Sylvanas in a heartbeat. Too bad she's already a card.
9Then just don't fucking buy it.People who have a lot of money to spend will do it, and it will help blizzard keep heartstone going and make more content for it. There is literally nothing wrong with this.
9It'd be Ranger General Sylvanas if anything.
0B-B-B-BUT NOBODY IS FORCING YOUThat doesn't fucking matter, this is about exposing the abhorrent greed and corruption which has completely consumed cosmetic options in gaming. It's like GG only this time against an even worse adversary.
00
3Because it's a f2p game
6people who want all 9 classes are looking to pay close to a hundred dollars1. You are not forced to buy them. That's like saying you absolutely have to buy all the cosmetics of DoA instead of just the costumes for the characters you like.2. Blizz is probably releasing a hero every few months. You don't buy them at once. People have spend much more money on microtransactions at once than $10.What even is the problem with fucking cosmetics? Why do people get so butthurt about this?
1Right, I suppose every alternate hero is meant to be a faction swap?Seems they picked the cupboards clean of iconic class characters though, who could stand in as an Alliance shaman? Nobundo? Or a horde druid, Hamuul? Nobody even cares about such bland characters.
5It's a free 2 play game, dude. You can play it for free. Without investing a single cent. You are crying at the wrong tree right now. Go and shitpost in payed games that removed unlockables to sell them as DLC/cosmetics later.
1removed unlockables to sell them as DLC/cosmetics later.Blizzard does this in literally every single game they make. Obviously HS was originally created with a faction toggle for the heroes but was removed so they could secretly add a $90 price tag for the complete game.
1That's the thing, Rexxar never was a hunter. Dude's a beastmaster whose only weapons are his axes and...beasts
3The Beastmaster basically became the Hunter class in WoW, though.
All these drones defending a company that put a MLP-level into DIABLO. Purely out of spite towards oldschool playersSummer really got here early.
1alleria, hemet and his kin, night elves
2People feel entitled
0I doubt it has to be a faction swap, you can't really consider Gul'dan a part of the Horde.But if you want my guesses:Priest: TyrandeWarlock: Cho'gall??Mage: Kael'thasRogue: GaronaDruid: probably Hamuul or StaghelmShaman: Drek'thar if not NobundoHunter: some WindrunnerPaladin: you know it's gonna be fucking Yrel
6Goddamn, who's more pathetic, blizzdrones or nintendrones?
$10Is that per hero?
4They can and they will. Phone games have been using this model for years now.
2Hunter in WoW is a mix of ranger, beastmaster and some other shite, probably scout
9Allly fags BTFO
7when i play arena i never get dust as my extra reward, and i'm garbage at arena because i suck at drafting no matter what card game it is. GVG packs are nice but since i am such a noob, i never get duplicates to dust down and craft things i actually want. Already spent 2100g on the first 2 wings of naxx and the first wing of BRM, and done a few arenas and bought a few classic packs, but i havent gotten a single card i even remotely want. Mostly garbage neutrals like venture co mercenary, or class cards for classes i'm not interested in playing in constructed paladin, priest, magei would love to play more arena but i haven't managed more than 3 wins, one of those 3 was from a guy who went AFK so technically 2 wins.I remember last year there was some promo code for 5 free packs, where are those codes floating around at?
315 years ago there weren't that many f2p gamesAnd the few that existed were just as jewy.
9instead of new content we get this crapinstead of new classes we get this crap
5it's a wonderful environmentnext shot is of a fucking open spacecloseup shot on some employee's dead eyes
2 Tons of people mysides.jpeg All 400 of those matches worldwide.
0Mage: Kael'thasI'm vaguely positive he's mostly arcane and fire, being a blood mage, but who gives a fuck about lore. Khadgar would make more sense
5Yes but Op's picture is just a skin, it changes jack and shit.
Holy shit, what.Why would anyone pay 10€ for a god damn retexture and a voicepack?
7Yeah, Khadgar would make sense too. I forgot WoD made him relevant again.
9Oh how soon people forget paid mods.
3In tf2 you can pay 30 dollars for a digital Sombreo. Not even a unusual.
I've already this kind of things before ...
4We can assume that they'll release each new hero one a time, so yes, they'll each probably be about $10.I'm thinking that once all the heroes are released, though, they'll release a bundle to knock the price down a bit. Pure speculation, of course.
0i'm garbage at arena because i suck at drafting no matter what card gameThen use heartharena.com until you know what cards are good in arena and watch some Youtube videos of people explaining their drafts like Ratsmah from Tempostormlearned from these source and recently got my first 12 win arena run and I'm averaging at around 5 wins, although I'm pretty bad. At 5 wins you are already making a profit by playing arena and with a few more wins you can almost basically keep playing arena continiously.but i havent gotten a single card i even remotely wantThen disenchant those cards that you won't play anyway, especially shitty rares and epics that give more dust and craft the ones you actually want to play. You aren't losing these cards, you'll unpack them sooner or later again if you continue playing the game.I remember last year there was some promo code for 5 free packs, where are those codes floating around at?Dunny, I've only started playing at the end of last year as well.
I'd be ok paying $10 or even $20 for a new class, but this?MAYBE if the hero power was different or something, but really this is sad.
9Really? I still have one of those.
Why are people getting anally frustrated over free games having cosmetics?
8If you go to the store some of the hat prices are really fuckin' dumb.
8i'd rather the game be even more pay2win than just jewing drones out of their moneyI don't understand this mentality.
The fact you can't buy these skins with in game currency just proves its a mindless cashgrab.
8It's not easy to implement a completely new hero or alternative hero powers. Shit will probably be unbalanced for half at least half a year every single time they implement one.Would make the game pretty interesting though, but I'd guess I would be someone who gets annoyed because people will only play that new class for some time and netdeck you with their bought cards instead of discovering it themselve for a while.
Awesome, can't wait for a Gnome Hero!Oh...Wait a second...
1Oh like how you can't buy hats in tf2 thus it's a mindless cashgrab?
7A new hero power for every class would make balance a nightmare, all the class cards are balanced around the current hero powers.Why are so many of them fucking useless then? Like all the Aggro Warrior stuff? And don't gimme Patron shit, that's Midrange.Shadowform? Most buffs? Pretty much all druid cards, since you only ever pick one of the options? All Hunter control cards?Mages, Warlocks and Paladins are good with their class cards, as the vast majority of them are used in varied deck forms. Rest fucking sucks and could desperately use support in form of a new hero power.
9Is hardly overpriced and completly optional, have a look at Magic the gathering and their business practices.
, 
ITT: Things casuals sayI play games for the story
I main Ike
9I read TLR for Momo
I watch anime
From software makes the best games
I play video games

4Everyone knows Yui is better anyways.
Skyrim's plot and story is so immersiveA former manager of mine said that to meI almost punched him in his fat fucking face
I collect figures of cute cartoon girls
0Sword bodyguard girl whose name I don't even know is literally a Yui upgrade
Fallout 4's Graphix is gud
I only play japanese games because western devs are all SJW's and shills
i love lining up all night to buy nintendo happy meal toys
I bought the Portstation 4
7
3calling things edgy is also pretty casual. Why did you reply to me though?
8calling things casual is also pretty edgy
0Casual things are casual.
i don't like anime
8no reason other then Japanese games are usually better then western ones
7basing the integrity of said game's graphics off of a fucking trailer
9not playing games for the story
8
9casual?if it doesnt have a story, so why the fuck a game play for?
6
graphics don't matter
Amiibo general.
8
1edgy things are edgy
9Why is there no auto-checkpoint?
9I skip cutscenes on the first playthrough
is danmachi even worth watching or is it pure shit
I play video games to have fun
6other then shooters and strategy games japan makes better gamesjust compare god of war to devil may cryforza to sonic and all stars racing transformed fifa madden etc vs Mario sport gamesmortal kombat to street fighters soul calibur or smash the witcher 3 vs bloodbourne
2Is a harem show worth watching
Fun is all what it matters!
9i play games for fun.
9forza to sonicuhhh i think you mean gran turismo
Witcher 3 has good combat
9Dark Souls is not for casual
2does it matter most realistic racing games are boring
6as i thought
i buyed that day one DLC.
5I hope this is bait.
9Not caring about the storyThat's as casual as it gets
8are you the chaika shitposter in the stalker general
9If I wanted a story I'd read a book
8buyed
6*Is a fake harem worth watching?Fixed. And it never is.
liking western games that aren't shooters or strategy games
my favorite anime is Cowboy Bebop
524Literally kill yourselves.
6im the chaika shitposter on /mlp/ but not on stalker general.
4heh, what a casual
7graphics doesn't matter just pure gameplaysay this on a bethesda thread.
0next youll say that arena shooters are for casuals
6i wish all weebs would die
3Dark souls PvP is not dead.
Dark Souls is hard
2there's a board made for you anon is called /pol/
1not liking western RPGs
2Thank you, that's another thing casuals say!
3there's a board made for you anon is called /a/
I browse /v/
73Hello, casuals.
9Stop throwing hadoukens!Stop throwing me!Oh great, anyone can win if you lock them in the corner!You let me win! You fucker!Fight like a real man!
if the game mocks you for playing on easy I shut the game off
9it's not 180 lazer flip, it's gazelle flip
4i was banned on /a/
gameplay is more important than graphics
1besides the witcher and deus ex there aren't any good western arpgs left alive
7topkek
2What does it matter, you will bitch and greentext whatever we say.Watch it yourself and form your own opinion faggot.
7But that is mean.
I play games because they're fun
2anime is allowed on every board
7you conveniently forgot mass effect, weeb
i have a girlfriendi have plans with some friends this weekendmy parents are proud of me
304Following TLREverIts literally porn without the porn. Like if they actually made a show about a plumber who works for a sexy, scantly clad woman who never fucks him
6
9Yeah there's nothing wrong with that20 years from now we may be playing video games in a completely different form and relating with the medium in a completely different wayThe standards of good gameplay you have today is not the standards we'll have in a few decadesThe story of the games made today might as well be their only redeeming feature in the future, and it's probably the true key of making modern classics.I knew this was a troll thread so here's your reply
3shit opinion
7mass effect sucks
8my parents are proud of meI chuckled
3weebshit suckshow about that
9Story is only a hindrance when it's an unwanted romantic interest driving the plot. Games which anchor on romance are fine. But games that introduce it early, then keep it out of reach until the end as a justification for why the protagonist bothered, is just plain lazy writing.Most Halo players were interested in seeing the alien plot expand, especially after Arbiter in 2. Then 3-4 was like ''LOL CORTANA TIEM NAO''
6fallout 4 threads.
dude this Xbox One is badass
1i play games on easy mode first
games with no story can be good
Oh wow did you see the new teaser?!No because who gives a shit about a game until there is solid intel on what kind of game it is?
I play games tentacle mods installed
8not 100%ing on every difficulty setting in every save slot
Only weebs care that much about story in video games. As long as the protagonist has a love interest of course.
9WeebCuckPanderingFanserivceOr really any of /v/'s favorite buzzwords that they all misuse to the point where none of them are remotely close to their correct meaning.
66Are you niggers serious?
all this anime shitREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
6TetrisDance Dance RevolutionGalagaGradius
1
9ITT: Things casuals sayI play video games. You don't want to be casual? Get a job.
9depends on the game most Japanese arpgs have better combat systems just look at dragons dogma bloodbourne .hack gu kingdom hearts star ocean tales the only time western arpgs are any good is when they use shooter mechanics unless its Bethesda or bio shit with some exceptions like the kingdom of alur the witcher 3
0Wasting your time with thisI was once like you....But then i took a Computer & smashed my console
1
5Its literally porn without the porn. Like if they actually made a show about a plumber who works for a sexy, scantly clad woman who never fucks him
0THIRD BASE
0Video games have shitty stories tho.
5
I want [videogame] to have [generic animu girl] as DLC!!!No. Fuck off you ika musume fags. I fucking hope you degenerates never get the disgusting costume.B-But its funny!Fuck off. There has literally never been a funny anime because those people are dull and lame as fuck.Goddamn why do you dirty fucking weebs have to ruin everything good?
5Thank fuck, like I want to see some fat plumbers dick and not just naked ladies in provocative poses.
0Are you squidding me?
3Anime PORN actually exists. TLR is redundant and has literally no reason to be a thing.
0
9Smash Bros. is a party game
5/v/ has become pretty gay
I play WoW
8
03
5butthurt cuck detected
0literally never been a funny animeFuck off fag Azumanga Daioh was hilarious
3Can't nobody mess with me now
0There has literally never been a funny anime because those people are dull and lame as fuckThis is actually correct
7Hentai has shitty production quality.Ecchi is where it's at.
8I play games on easy mode first
What anime is /v/ watching?
9bearly wongg izi tutorial
3Wow puns. Really got them creative juices going, huh japan.B-But le wackkki genki gurl wants to rape the 2kawaiidesu girl! ISNT THAT QUIRKY?!?!?This show has literally 0 positive aspects. Just like all anime
7Ive fapped more to Kagaku na Yatsura more than any animated hentai combined.HOVAs suck ass for the most part.
6
anyone got a torrent link?
Doom is outdated/has aged poorly
4B-But le wackkki genki gurl wants to rape the 2kawaiidesu girlLooks like we got a weeaboo here boys, you know what that means
6Cross AngeIt's breddy fun.
0Holy fuck man, can you keep your shitposting in one fucking thread?
9I can promise you that it isn'tThese are the only jokes Japan has ever doneWacky character acts SUPER SERIOUS about a non serious situationNormal man Usually business man does something wacky with a straight faceSomeone accidentally does something perverted
Modern day anime is great and not cancer
, 
Holy shit, /v/.This game is fucking amazingWhy don't we talk about it more on here?
Xbox is not allowed on /v/
Nintendogaf
3We will once it comes to PC.
4I hope this gets announced at E3
3
3I don't own an xbobx but KI dose look fuck as fuck. The only down side is don;t you have to buy characters or something? I remember watching a video and was getting pissed of nothing but Jagos. He said all these skrubs have to do is uy a new character they are only 4.99. That stopped me from even looking into it.
Because nobody has an XBONE and everyone on the XBONE SUCKSKI3 is like the one game I would get an bone for. I love MickGordon's work so much and fucking hell it looks awesome.
5I doCome at me faggot
PC+Nintendo master race.
48Pretty much hoping for this. Game looks fun, soundtrack is nice, but I just don't want to buy an X1.
Everyone here sucks at fighting games, and the ones that are good don't have an xbone.It's one of the first games I'm buying when I get an xbone.
3because sonygaf
8You can buy individual characters for 5$ or you can buy 8 characters for 20$ if I'm remembering things right.
48Windows 10 exclusive :^
8The only down side is don;t you have to buy characters or something?My friend has the game, the base is F2P and has something like 2 characters, and you can either buy individual character or buy the entire lineup for like $40 or so.Kinda neat idea if you already know who you want to main, but otherwise shitty if they want to keep the game competitive.
0Having to buy charactersFucking why they should come with the game. Unless they are DLC not in the game fucking why
A game that doesn't get talked about on /v/ is basically given the astounding rating ofIt's fineSo there you go.Also, Thunder is best
0thundernot TJ ComboI respect your opinions.
5NintendoMaster race
Eh, I feel like DHG did a better job in creating a Killer Instinct game during season 1.I like some of the IG's characters ideas, but it feels less KI and more a mix of other fighting games tropes. Also they can't animate for shit and their characters don't have barely any VFX. Look at Jago's fireball and compare it to Kan-Ra sand traps, for example.
5Because the game is free.You also get to play as a random character for free the character switches every week I think, so you can still get some variety out of the game without opening your wallet.
0TJ Combonot SabrewulfHe's still cool though
I wish i was good at fighting games.At least I can enjoy the musicSadira's theme best theme
5You buy them when you are too cheap to pay twenty bucks for a season set of characters.
90tfw everyone on the roster is interestingly designed and viable for serious playExcept for Aganos.Seriously, fuck Aganos.
8Aganos best theme tho
7It's better than nothing.:^
As one of the few people who have an xbone on /v/. I can't wait for it to be on PCCrossplay means free wins against '09'ers who mash breakersAlso would you fug a ghost girl
47This is actually the most likely thing to happen. Microsoft said they are going to have some stage time during the PC press conference at E3 to talk about the Windows 10 lineup.Since they've already done survey's and such about KI going to PC,it has a high percent chance to happen.
bump
8Also I miss that kind of cartoony, over the top character design from S1.
0Ghost vagina 2spooky4me.I wouldn't mind trying out Aria's sex drive.
7I wonder if MS is going to do shared libraries ie buy it once you own it on both w10 and xbone seeing as live is on w10Most likely no but I can dream right
8If they do, they will probably launch their own service, like Steam.7Speaking of Windows 10 has anyone beta tested it? How does it run?
So who all is left of the original cast to add? Tusk, Kim Wu, and maybe Eyedol/Gargos?
8They announced Pinball FX2 DLC and #IDARB would be cross buy at GDC. Wouldn't take much to do the same with Win 10 if you have the xbone version of KI
3gtfo /v/ xbone shillwe dont care about the xbone and we want to see it finally crash and burn.
9They said games would be available in the Windows Store but they would also be publishing on Steam as well and they forsee Steam as being the majority service, so they aren't going to force their way in the market or lock away content.
7They shouldValve needs competition in the PC market
9*unsheathes katana*I AM ALSO READY TO SLAY THE XBOX DEMON FELLOW INTELLECTUAL WARRIOR
Kan Ra is a piece of shit.Spinal is the best.That is all.
0CrossplayThat's pretty fuckin' neato if true, maybe that will be my chance to hop into Ranked and not consistently get my shit pushed in.Would you fug a ghost girl༼ຈل͜ຈ༽
0ghost girlnot superior love interest Kan-ra
Xbone
Why did Mike Zaimont leave the development of the game back in season 1?
3S2 is shitAganos a shitHisashit a shitLe ebin reddit Cinder xDFuck that
52015memeing THIS hard
8That's only the second season. Most of the first season is free which is what the game initially came with - eight/nine characters with the exception of a dark Jago and Omen. The entire second season can be bought with a pretty cheap season pass and new OSTs and stages. Also an optimized version of the original KI. I dont have an Xbox One but I got to try it - its legit as shit, dude.
5Two miss and a hit.Opinion disregarded.
3He only worked on the game as a consultant. He got butthurt Lab Z lost the pitch after they were invited. Hell Double Helix weren't even the top choice. Iron Galaxy was, but they weren't available as they were finishing off Divekick and he pissed and moaned about it at Evo and he cried about DH not doing the game he wanted. He was brought in to do consulting on the online and frame timing afterwards for a week.
22Spinal a shit, doesn't have any friends, he has no body
3i didn't know this is a thingbut why wouldn't it besource
5Man the soundtrack for this game is just amazing
0Now I'm quite interested in a Lab Zero version of Killer Instinct.
6Hope you like huge anal beads anon
0What's an 09er? Someone who started fighting games after SF4?
8I know what video you're talking about. The "best moments of low tier god" something like that.
3he likes reddit Cinder
9 tfw Xbone users won't get Skullgirls 2nd Encore.
5Yeah that's it
Why not just play Mortal Kombat X? It's a much better fighting game than KI.
0Dammit, why does Mike Z have to act like such a cunt?
4I would be hype for this but aren't fighters on PC generally shit online?
3MKX is a step up from previous MK games but come on
7yes, his lines are annoying but that doesn't ruin the whole game you pleb
3MKbetter than anythingThat shit is going to be dead in less than a year.
52nd
6But new Cinder's problem isn't even his lines. Those are fine, he's supposed to be like that.
54It has one of the biggest pots at evo and CeO plus always has more viewers then Street fighters tournaments. ESL MKX blew Capcom cup out the water.
4It's the biggest fighting game as of now, and anyone can get into it.
8It is case by case. Skullgirls, USF4, and Fightcade are decent but others really vary.
3I play the flavour of the month, stoped playing SFIV for MKX until SFV arrives.Would totally play KI if it came to PC
7MK9 also had a shit ton of support and players early on as well. Also of course it has a lot of views people who have no interest in fighting games watch MK shit. It's the casual's fighting game.
7I love MKX, but remember that SFIV came out like in 2009 and has had tournaments ever since, meanwhile mk9 lasted only a year
3MK better than KIAnon, your retardation is showing.
74Its huge, yes, but its not better mechanically. Right now its in the release hype. Give it a year. Japan also has a decent scene for KI, they care very little for MKX though
5Mk only lasted a yearHad an objectively better fight at evo's grand finals last year then street fighter did
9How does it run?It actually runs very nice.Though they said that if you have the preview you can't upgrade unless you have a legit W7/8 key, so I'm going to pirate it again
3Does Destijl only know how to draw anal related things?
Bought xbone just for this game. Lifelong KI fan and I didn't mind shelling out dosh for this game. Only game I own for it though, I buy all multiplatform games on ps4 because of friends only having that console.
8IG was too scared of giving Aganos infinite armorGave him absolutely no synergy whatsoeverThis is why I sort of hate how gimmicky S2 has gotten.
5Something related to MKX I wish more fighting games had an MKX style lobby system.That shit is fantastic.
3They care little for it because it's banned there. I have seen Japanese play through of the story mode though.
9What was last years MK9 GF last year? Was it on stream too?
1Fuck off Max
3Who do you main?
0Muh soup.
8Heres both of them and yes MK was streamed
0When I played, Spinal, but I haven't played since the end of Season 1.
5MKX is pretty fun, but I agree in that it'll die off pretty quickly. Hell, it's already starting to stagnate.I'm enjoying the game but the tournament scene is boring the hell out of me.
0How is it all ready starting to Stagnate?
3MK is the shittiest foghting game out there. Literally anything else would be better. It's complete normiefag shit tier.
0Laughing bones is my favorite instinct.
Can IG speed up the game at all? I know slowing it down was to help new players combo break easier but it looks so damn bad now.
5At least he blow the fuck out of the Yandere dev
4Anyone got an updated tier chart of fighting games?Where would Tekken be on that chart?
0Are you killer?I'm 50 with Hisako, Aganos, and Riptor.I have a pocket Jago and Kan-Ra as wellDOUBLE XP WHEN?
1Yandere devWho? Can you explain?
4Yeah I watched the usf4 one last year during the stream. It was meh.I missed the mk9 one though. I was hoping DJT would BTFO of everyone with Cyrax but it seems that's where sonic fox's tirade began.
6It just feels like MKX became one of those "in trend" games. The type where people move on as soon as the next AAA title comes out. The tourney scene however is getting bigger which is good. MK needs a strong scene if it wants to survive.
9I've watched some of JWong's matches, and it seems like the game has more staying power than 9 did.That is, if NRS actually focuses on the game for a while and actually works on balance.
0mah nigRiptor is best waifu
Fighting games are all garbage. The genre is fundamentally flawed.
0They got the parity clause waived because neogaf threw a fit about special snowflake Indie Devs even when something as simple as a Killer Instinct based palate for each character would have counted as enough content to pass the game and it's coming to xbone after the PS4 version launches They said they talked to MS about doing a first month Games with Gold.Skullgirls is an good game and I wouldn't mind it on the bone but indie devs are fucking stupid, lazy and one of the reasons why near constant patches and unfinished games are OK these days. Especially Lab Zero. The first version of Skullgirls was flat out broken and crashed to debug screens.
7Definitely. There have been a lot of SF dudes moving on to MKX and that's a good sign of where things are heading.
6implying they aren't just hopping from FOTM to FOTM until SFV comes outIt's like you don't even know how modern fighting games work. They go where the views and money is.
0I mained spinal.
It's ok. The season 1 characters are obviously of higher quality in both textures and animations. Season 2 characters have shitty animations and textures. Cinder looks so fucking awful. It really makes me not want to play the game.
3Have an XboneHave KI downloaded because why notAbsolutely fucking horrible at fighting games Never play itI feel like I'm missing out on something, and that sucks.
9Who's to say MKX couldn't become something more than FOTM?Shit, KI's still in the running despite being a western fightan game exclusive to a single console. MKX has half a chance if even top SF players are giving it the time of day.
MKX will die down as the FOTM.Though it has potential to last longer then any other NRS game.That said, even in a dead state, it will be more alive then KI will.Even Injustass on it's deathbead had more players then KI.
8Unlikely, First Party Xbox Exclusives focus
2do the dojo. it's actually very solid in explaining the game.
2Keep at it, it takes a long time before you start getting good, and once you get good it's transcendent.Experiment with the characters and find one you enjoy playing as. Disregard the tier lists or whatnot, watch a few tutorials online to find the B'n'Bs, and go fucking nuts.
4Because no NRS game so far has been anything more than a FOTM. That doesn't guarantee MKX will fade into oblivion, but from what I've seen of MKX it looks to be the same old shit.extremely unbalancedentire game is based around near instant overheards/lows to force a constant 50/50 guessing gamemost characters play nearly the same which makes picking the best characters that only logical choice
This game is like the only reason anyone would buy an Xbone. Unfortunately I'm not prepared to spend so much money just to play one good game.If it comes to PC then sure, I'll play it, it looks great.
7Win 10 is free anyway, so who cares.9How does it run?Better than 7, but then again so does windows 8.
Because it's Xbox one exclusive and most people have a stick up their ass about any game that is. It's a great game op, enjoy
2I don't know why but for Skullgirls I don't feel the same way about the updates and patches.Something about it makes me tolerate it more than I would other games.
KI 1 and 2 Classic release when? I don't want to buy the entire bundle when I already got a physical combo-breaker pack.The selling polices are bs for KI
9sabrewulf is an annoying rushdown character I cant seem to beat very easily, and im pretty damn good at the game.also xbone community is shit, they all spam taunt and teabag when they beat you with cheap tactics
9I think I got the big bundle for 50% off during a christmas saleI can't say I have played KI or KI2 more than once though, even with the online capabilities of KI2.I never played them as a kid either so maybe that's why.
0Aou Chicko Waub Waub
9Game balance is fine so far, with Kitana and Reptile being the worst characters.Guessing game is a problem and I hope they tone it down, but I doubt they will, at the very least most of the overheads or lows are point blank, so you have to at least win in the neutral game to start your mixups.Characters play different enough with out going in weird anime territory style characters.That said, I think it has no reasonable chance to be anything other then another NRS game for NRS players.
9I think it's only a matter of adapting to their mechanics, instead of comparing it to other fighters.
Name 3 things in the trailer that were objectively good.
0Ron Perlman, Color, and not Gamebryo.
0Dogmeat 2.0, the location, the color
45"muh colors"new meme
2implying brown and bloom hasn't been shit on in game criticism for yearsFuck off, faggot.
I don't know I haven't watched it
4Dunno, the animations and models looked pretty gamebryo to me m8
6here fgt
0Dat ass.
I liked pretty much everything about the trailer.Sue me.
7Fuck off colourfag. There was a nuclear war, it should be all brown and shit.
I still can't believe what a turd Fallout 3 was after 4+ years in development. Bethesda forced Obsidian to push out Fallout: New Vegas in 18 months, imagine what they could have done with a full year.
On one hand, I want gamebryo or creation just because I know how to mod it. On the otber , it's a shit engine that deserves to die.
0No shitty green or brown filterLocations actually look varied and towns look populatedMusic was pretty damn good6Stop
5nah bruv its fantasy
618 months, imagine what they could have done with a full year.Am I being rused?
6Fallout 3 in four yearsFallout NV in 1 1/2Is this for real?
6This is how you do it.
0Jackie Chan
Dogmeat/Rex 2.0 looks breddy cul. I like how much color there is. Power armor looks neat. I just hope it does more than make you walk slow in this gameThe setting is kind of boring, but I'll reserve judgment.
5Over 200 years ago, fucking moron.
0graphixs compared to f3 and nvpower armor looked pretty sweetgame had color
0Dogmeat 2.0Dogmeat 2.0Not New Vegas.Also, Dogmeat 2.0.
0Dogmeatvault opening sceneFlashbacks to the nukes droppingI'm cautiously optimistic.The real judgement will come when we see the game in action and what they've done to the rpg elements.It has to have more content then previous games too, there's no excuse for them to remove shit.
DAWG MEAT DAWG MEAT IT HAS DAWG MEAT OMG DAWG MEAT
4Looks like a big piece of shit
- the cities- the airships- the redisgned enimies
3Fallout 3 was built from scratch. New Vegas was not.Honestly, are you stupid?
4this is reddits fault.
Boston is fantastic choice for a city for an open world game, especially a Fallout game. It's varied, with plenty of monuments and memorable buildings. I like the focus on baseball with Fenway Park included.I like the focus on color and the varied color palettes the game seems to focus on during the course of the trailer. Dangerous areas seem more grim. Friendly areas are still colorful but are still shrouded in a sense of mystery and unease. In general the color will help differentiate the settings and locations.The music was fantastic. As it's always been in this series.The graphics did look outdated as far as textures and some of the lighting goes. I'll be incredibly disappointed if they don't improve on the core shooting and fighting mechanics. I love the V.A.T.S system but having to rely on that all the time does not make for a good time.
5implying the airships are just scripted shit that drops off enemies or is used maybe once for an on rails sequence.the cities also look super tiny and you probably can't go anywhere in them except the street. If you do go inside one of the probably several copy paste dungeons you probably need to go through load times each time you enter or exit.
5nuclear falloutobscuring the color of the sky ?preventing plant growth for 200+ years ?no retard
Pictured: Better dog companion in every way possible, including not looking last gen
My only question is if I can make my character into Kenshiro and punch the shit out of everyone and everything.
I liked the art direction.
7They removed the unarmed skill in Skyrim so you better cross your fingers.
Who gives a fuck about Bethesda's Fallout?The original Fallouts are getting a spiritual sequel soon, it's called Underrail.
4Populated and pre war areas have color to them.Desert is still barren and colorlessThey chose some of the more colorful areas of the game for the trailer because they wanted to show off.
6i dont understand your webcomic, looks like shit thought.
6fallout 3 was from scratch, NV was basically an expansion pack from fallout 3. Dont get me wrong I like NV better tho. But fo3 had plenty to build up from
1- The oldschool gourmet graphics.2- The revolutionary dog companion.3- The fresh new take over the franchise.
0Damn it, I better be able to fist fuck everything. I hate it when a game gives you the option to fight with your bare hands yet doesn't make it a viable way to play through the game.
0car looks like absolutely junk after 10 years in the backyardbus looks like it was just a bit demolished yesterday after 200 years outside
01. No CGI bullshit2. Looks better than their last game3. The world looks great and varied compared to the last game4. It's confirmed to be an actual game5. It will come out this yearthat's how bethesda do things6. They made Fallout 3 and it was a success7. Their games always have full mod support built from the ground up8. Truly Open World where you complete a small tutorial in the beginning and then you are free to go where ever and do what ever, when ever, how ever.
7You can already make that kinda mod in Fallout 3.
8Underrail.Unity makes Gamebryo look awesome.
1I don't think Fallout 4's graphics are that good. But is Metal Gear Solid The Phantom Pain a large open world game? Has any entry in the series been a large open world game? Has any entry in the series focused more on actual gameplay than the cinematic scenes?No. The entire series, as much as I enjoy it, has always been focused on cutscenes over actual gameplay. The gameplay at hand has always been questionable and limited in the sense that there isn't much of it.
That dock and sand dunes reminded me of fallout 2the new protectron model looks awesome power armor looks good
when it ended
You can't deny the new color scheme is really pleasing to the eyes. Fallout 3 babbies probably hate it becaus eit is such a huge switch from their usual piss filter
4i palyed fallout 3 with vanilla filterspleb
5I only played Fallout 3/NV everything should be like the thing I like!Nah, fuck off, we might actually get the first Fallout game in years.
5Oh ya, I forgot radiation some how alters the physical properties of everything and makes shit absorb more red and blue photons. CUZ DATS HAO BOMZ WURK MR.PHD IN FUCKING EVERYTHING OVER HEAR. stop being retarded for a second.
0It wasn't a CGI or bullshot trailer, you can tell it's ingame footage and most likely running on gamebryoThe world looks colorful and varied, I wish there was more foliage thoughPower armor looks fucking huge and looks like it will actually be a gamechanger like it was in the classic games rather than just slightly bulkier armor with +1 strength
8Not New VegasGo away.
2Hi Bethesda how's it going?
people saying dogmeat was gooddogmeat has a flat fucking fur textureLaziest fucking video game dog I've ever seen made, fucking COD had a better dog???
4Maybe it was in a garage and someone drove it there last year and abandoned it?
4not gamebryoIt's obviously Gamebryo.
9Jesus you are so negative
1enclosed area doggie looks better than the doggie intended for a game that has hundreds of armors, enemies, and clothing to model and renderWOOOOOZZZIEEEEEE
4It most likely is Gamebryo. Skyrim was a modified version of it, and it's unlikely Bethesda have bothered to make a totally new engine.
4That is fucking lead paint nigger. Got to remember lead paint last forever compared to todays shit paints.
4It feels as if this last scene is bogus. As it's some cell exclusive to the trailer and isn't going to appear in game.
4It's called future paint, dumb asshigh tech shit
Uncompressed trailer here: 
Gamebryo shitfest, not a real fallout game. Just oblivion with guns and a shitty story.
3future paintThat bus was made and painted in the 50's dingus
92070s, shit for brains.
0THE HAND IS STILL PS2 ERALOL
4retard east coast mutants againFuck
4You made this same argument in another thread and you were shot down then. How does it feel to be stupid twice?
5Man, this joke is already old, especially considering that anyone with functioning eyes can see that you are an idiot, a troll, or both.
7Oh shit, I seem to have upset a Bethdrone, my apologies kiddo.
1dogmeat looks exactly the same in fallout 3 because MUH HUGE OPEN WORLD certainly in line with bethesda's quantity over quality philosophy.
63"it-it is special paint!!"No paint in the world can last this long outside with sunshine.No car body in the world can last this long without rusting.
0And it still looks like shit because the assets themselves are astonishingly low quality.I hope that the game will at the very least look like this and won't be downgraded further, because for a game that will release in ~1 year - the character models and especially animations are fucking disgusting.
3resorts to namecallingLooks like I won.
8rustingRust accumulates when there's enough humidity in the air or the object is submerged in water.Judging by the shriveled, dead trees and bushes also the pale, cracking earth, the air is incredibly dry, so why would it rust over?
0Jackie chanJackie chanJackie channah buta guy in power armor standing inside a vertibird like it was some kind of black hawkno NCRthe chance to explore a new capital wasteland outside of capital wasteland
5Uh , excuse me, your post about the hand triggered me! That is an old joke because I said so! And anyone with functioning eyes can see that you are an idiot, a troll, or both, but they CAN'T see the 5 polygon hand model in the reveal trailer!
Fallout 4Reverted back to Gamebryo from Oblivion”War, war can be changed” outro voiceoverNo goreBecome king of all factionsCuhrazeee vaults with the ones related to HBTQ are all successful in surviving3 skills Weapons, Social, SmartsConsole favored UIEnemies have spears but you cannotModern dubstep remix of old music in the menu and on radioStill fps locked mouse control with forced accelerationInterchangeable perks at any timeResponses like "YOLO", "welp", "YOU MAD?", "LOL" and smiley facesAll unknown areas marked on map are instantly accessible by quicktravelYou choose Good, Evil or Neutral from the start and only get conversation options based on itTransexual PC character choices and unique perks check others privilege for better treatmentEvery NPC except enemies are essentialIronsights decrease walkspeed to a crawl and increases accuracy massively with no hip fire alternativeEnemies disregard the above, shooting you perfectly while runningCan’t get or cause crippled limbsWasteland Survivor DLC, everything contaminated you touch becomes free of radiation or side effects, including jetCanon ending comes with DLCLets you convert any ammo into another ammo type of choiceRepair a rocket launcher to 100% with any single item junk relatedCaps, ammo, food, meds and clothes weigh nothingHave to drink, eat, apply sunblock and talk every 5min to avoid big penaltiesVATS automatically targets and shoots enemies about to give you a lethal blow as a last ditch effort to surviveCompanions automatically revive you if they win the fightExcessive screenjelly AND retarded doublesided health meterHealth regen without perks, massive regen withRadiation absorbed is capped and can be used offesively with perks GAMMA BURST SHOUT!"Give me 100 caps or I'll kill you" powerarmor thievesVATS with QTE to determine critsVaults with recent meme references cucking test vaultsNo Fringe references
6imagine what they could have done with a full year.add real legion territory and legion cities not justhurr slaves and soldiers durr.
7that's fallout 1 and 2 anon, mostly for 2 but still.
5This is the stupidest thing i've ever heard.
1mgsv is open world, bucko
Paid mods
8dont think you even know what gamebryo is, you retarded pleb
-The graphics look pretty decent considering the fact that it's in game rendering and they aren't dressing it up, it shows they have confidence in their engine.-The skin tight suit, it's more retro that way as opposed to the jumpsuits from earlier games-"Let's go pal" HE'S TALKING TO US THE AUDIENCE SO COOL.-The power armor is bigger and bulkier like in the original games-The new cities look pretty interesting-New Physics-New NPC design-etc
4post the image without shit compression
4caps and ammo should have weightHow is that fun?
5Implying that I'm wrong
1using the word triggeredusing hyperbolebeing too stupid to actually see that you can clearly see the individual fingers2/10 made me reply.
0Because it's boring without.Accumulating 9000 ammonever have to focus on having a base of operations
3nice try faggot
8using the word trollin 2015anywhere other than reddit or facebookThe hand is like 9 polygons max. Get your eyes checked.
9
9Man, I thought you were desperate before. This is just getting sad.
1torrents
44le epic bait memeReminder that this is a game coming out in 2015.
When was the last time people on /v/ put so much time and effort into hating a game? I think it might have been Dark Souls 2.
0The Ink Spots.But seriously the game looks like it could be fun.
8
1muddy shit is now better than crisp and cleanI like fallout 4 dog way more. The eyes and face looks like it has emotion to it, also very pleasant to the eyes.
8Why dont you show a shot of him petting the dog? Oh wait, that would invalidate your stupid 'fused fingers' argument, thats why.
Trailer didn't impress me, i really wish they put more soul into stylizing, proportions, visuals, design in general which would only add to atmosphere not take from it.
1Or use Unreal 4
3JUST
4You know damn well we won't.Also NV was fine.
4
0the music, the sun, and the dog. not the character model or animations but the dog was p cool
3Because it obviously uses one cinematic model for the dog closeup and then another one when he moves and walks away. A model with shitty PS2 hands.
7dude, even i have a better butt.anyways, isn't it kinda hard to say what is good about the trailer when there's 0 gameplay footage?
3PET
The airship thing?Thats about it. Looked exactly as clunky, shitty, and generally "too safe" as I feared it would. Bethesda sure likes to grind 5 years in the past.
My main problems weren't the graphics, the models or the colorization choices.It's the fact that it gleefully exploited the defining moment of the entire Fallout universe - the bombs dropping in 2077 - which was only talked and read about before. Now they shoved it in your face all "BOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE" style, which doesn't really fit the FO narrative in my opinion.
0interracial lesbianscuck parentenclave
4Top Kek
everyone hated fo3 for looking green as shiteveryone hated nv for looking orange as shitpeople suddenly hate fo4 because it has colourkek
6Obsidian to push out Fallout: New Vegas in 18 months, imagine what they could have done with a full year.
6i have a better buttPics or gtfo
4
I like the new Powerarmor bulkiness I also like the colors and the lighting
0Noone cares about the colors, it just looks like shit on every aspect.
8naah, this isn't the place to post butts, sorry.
0well their colour set looks shitty
8idk it looks like a pretty good hand, you can see the bones in his hand
0Dem grapthicks tho...
4cuck parentWar never changes
504 OPFor those who don't like the color changes. The game is styled off how the 50's saw the future, stuff like Mr Handy as well as the car designs are all what people thought the future would be like.pic relatedIt's the core theme of the games world. Any depiction of the future in the 50's even the 60's was very bright, vibrant and colorful. That is what the game is going for.Look at the trailer when it flashes back in the house. The entire scene looks like a 50's rendition of the future. All the game does is throw a nuke in the world and lets it decay and suddenly you have what F4 looks like.
0everyone hated fo3 for green filtereveryone hated nv for orange filtersuddenly hate fo4 because it looks like fo3 with a mod installed to remove the filter
0H.264uncompressed3image with all the blacks crushed and highlights blowncontrast having anything to do with compressionYou guys seriously need to stop using words you don't understand.
0Call of Dewty Ghost Dog.
4Not gamebyrobethesda
0varied environmentsno retarded colour filterspower armor design
3fucking research next time. Shit has been confirmed for a new engine.This version uses a brand new engine built from the ground up to take advantage of the power of next gen systems. Absolutely everything is new, and no assets or scrips are being used from Fallout 3/NV or Skyrim. Fallout 4 will also be available on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360. This version is also being developed by Bethesda Game Studios, but will release a year after the advanced version. This version runs on the Creation Engine, the same engine that powered Skyrim. This is being done so that PS3/360 users can play the game without problem. Everything will be the same in this version as the advanced version, except for the graphics, gameplay and some additional features. Also, Fallout 4 on PS3 and Xbox 360, last I knew, was around 20GB+. This means that it will most definitely require install. Also, players of the PS3/360 version will be pleased to know that Fallout 4 will be able to import your Fallout 3 save, and adapt choices you made from that game for Fallout 4.
5add new deathclaw model and these are my choices as well
Very little is actually objective.
5all you said was that the joke is old, then called him names, then he called you names and somehow you won. you didn't counter his argument in the first place, how the fuck is he supposed to respond?
0do fucking researchposts unverified info from a reddit post last yearLol
0I like everything about it.The dog is cute.The textures don't look like they have a bad case of acne.It's not brown. It's not grey. It's not yellow. It's not green though I kinda liked the green tint when you were inside a vault if I have to be honest.The characters don't look like fucking rejected downey fetuses like previous Bethesda games.The detail on the power armor was cool.The game looks to have some pretty ok looking locations.I like the overall styling.Yeah, basically like everything about it.
6Noone likes you though.
Nothing. That shit like a Pixar movie.
5Don't project.
0I don't understand the complaints about the graphics. It looks just as good as any AAA open world game that has the xbone/ps4 as a target platform. I really don't know who is expecting what. To me it looks comparable to GTA 5.Also the people comparing it to skyrim are the worst.  This is skyrimSkyrim's world is far less detailed with way less props and buildings. It's just trees, rocks, and grass thinly dispersed with impressive billboarding in the distance - fallout 4 has way too many things to crunch to detail the fuck out of everything. The lighting and shadows are a lot worse in skyrim than fallout 4.
itt opinions
2Looking at the same brown or grey textures for the whole game gets boring as fuck.
2If you didn't forget to take your Xanax like a good boy you wouldn't get in the situation of pointing out obvious shit and thinking you're smart for it.
0The color/art directionNo more gritty-ass piss filter. Better fits the setting of a world built on Atomic Age optimism and misconceptions about the future, reminding us that Fallout isn't your typical post-apocalyptic game. See: 2Power ArmorI was never really a fan of the 3/NV power armor design, but they really won me over with the new model. Has the appearance of a bulky, functional piece of military equipment rather than a weird, bulbous tin suit that gives you huge shoulder pads and slowed movement speed.The settingAreas appear more varied and interesting. I'm really looking forward to exploring the coasts, as well the industrial areas in the cities as well. Also, Airships.
i like the new ghoul look and movement. i like the new robot look, with the little lights in it. i like that HUGE airship. the textures could use some work but it does look better then before. i like that they have a town in a baseball stadium. i love the area where the deathclaw is, its how i feel when i see one. i like the pre-war stuff, get to see what it was like. i give it an 6/7 out of 10. until they improve and show more of the game, i might raise it up to 7 out of 10.why does the player look like albert cole
0LOL GUYS FALLOUT 4 SUCKS AMIRITE?! DO I FIT IN YET GUYS DO I? FUUUUUUUUUUU BETHESDA ;
1DUH, FALLAT SUKS!!!!1fuck those people, fucking wannabes. they give /v/ a even worse name.
0These "leaks" again
0the game cant be worst looking than that i guess
I think I'm going to upgrade my PC justs because of this game.What about that crabby thing that appears? What can that be?
0reddit
1i dont know if i like the power armor having handslooks weird
, 
, 
key characters cutkey scenes from trailers no longer in the gameWell from a scale of 1-10, how big of a trainwreck will XV be?
Hime is the only key character, I fail to understand why you would care about this blonde literally who.
Development hell gameNot much. XIII was shit anyways.
6this, who gives a fuck about some blonde shit.
what's happened now
ITT:buthurt faggots
8game never comes out when under nomura game changes directors and changes under new developmentfinally getting releasedWhy the fuck is everyone so pissed?
6A character nobody knew anything about has been removed from a story nobody has heard and was replaced by a different named blond girl instead. It's basically the apocalypse.
character we know really nothing about cutpeople throwing a fitBig suprise, a game in development for nearly a decade went through changes. Get over it.
9Oh.Final Fantasy threads are really great
yfw you realize it's just a bunch of upset waifufags.
7Did you play the demo? All the changes the new guy has made are complete shit. It went from Kingdom Hearts gameplay set in FF to horrendously floaty hold square to win at 15fps gameplay
Did you play it before it was changed? How do you know the combat wasn't shit before as well?
8FFXV will be a trainwreck because it is focusing on an 'open world' that still has a linear story. Just like Twilight Princess and probably the upcoming Zelda U.Its also a Final Fantasy game. So it was doomed from the start.
3can't actually make a miqo'te titty monster like thatimmersion ruined
Can't wait for FFXV to come out. THe asspain is going to be even greater than FFXIII since people have been waiting literally 10 years for it. Even if the game was good, it wouldn't live up to the hype and expectations. It will also probably sell even less than FFXIII.
, 
, 
, 
, 
GRAPHICS GRAPHICS GRAPHICSMUH GRAPHICSGRAPHICSliterally the same shit i've heard since like 1991. who even cares? what does it actually matter at all
We'll never live in a world where graphics stopped improving around the early 360/PS3 era and all focus went on AI and gameplay aspects
7Well gameplay and story are going nowhere, so what else can we complain about?
7Apparently a lot of people, considering the advancements we have made thus far. I think it's safe to say if nobody cared then we wouldn't be this far.
7It's a VISUAL MEDIUM.For fucks sake. It's like saying that the visuals of a movie doesn't matter, it sure as FUCK does!Games can be ruined by looking ugly as hell.Games can be enjoyable just by beautiful visuals flower for example.
1Games can be enjoyable just by beautiful visualsYou are the goddamned dick cancer that is destroying the industry. Go pay a hitman to kill you in the most painful way possible, as you deserve it for making a statement like that. Games can be ruined by looking ugly as hellDefine "ugly" you drooling autismo. Minecraft is one of the top selling and played games of all time and its graphics are from 1988. Now go kill yourself twice you retarded fuckface. Goddamn it, you niggers get dumber by the minute.
If I could purge any group of people from earth it would be graphics whores. Literally the least important aspect of a game, and its getting the biggest push for the last 10 years. Where is my better AI, Gameplay, and level design.
7ImmersionAtmosphereIt's more pleasant to look at
0what advancements? textures that are not the players weapons still look fucking shit in 99% of games.
7If you have no idea about good games, and just want a shallow experience, graphics are the most important factor for you.I blame the PC crowd.
9
7They don't matter at all, remove your eyeballs and join the blind master race. We truly do not give a shit about graphics... We literally can't.
PCfags have ruined gaming. Non-stop whining and bitching about techno gobbledegook that nobody sane gives a flying fuck about. Most of them don't even play games, they install mods, for free. Godzilla pls come and burn them all.
7Atmosphere are a lot more than just graphics.
6youre trying to act like thats good lookingthe pipe looks like a fucking cartoon with black outlines
763More importantly the game was shit.
3Looks good
1wow this movie is black and white! it looks like a movie from the 40s! this is shit! It's 2015 people! Where are my colors! Where is my state of the art CGI? What? They still use practical effects in this day and age? This is embarassing!
Plays video gamesDoesn't care about graphicsIt's been a mainstay for FUCKING YEARS, don't pretend graphics is a thing that people don't care about. It's always been a critical point ever since Nintendo, Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, etc.With every new generation of consoles/computers there was an increase in graphics quality.Don't act like all of a sudden it's not relevant anymore.
3How about this?
6that brick wallfew bricks placed falling out to add depthWhy not just use parallax mapping?
8If someone used a black and white camera in 2015 because they couldn't find a modern camera but then they tried to film the avengers that would be pretty fucking obvious and embarassing.
6proving a point.jpg
1parallax mapping is a 2d effect, it has no actual depth ie. it does not displace geometry
3The only reason consolebabbies buy new consoles is for better graphics
8Are you saying people didn't complain about that black and white movie that came out a few years ago?
9What about tessellation?Either way, it's better than making it completely flat with a few bricks sticking out.
7Go to bed grandpa.
This is going to sound weird when reading but the graphical choice determines what games need in terms of graphics to be satisfactory. Without proper looking visuals you will kill your game. Take for instance my favorite game Gears of War. It is a TPS set in a Sci-Fi post apocalyptic world. So when you sit down and start designing what you want the game to look like, it's a matter of trial and error. Once you've chosen that graphical style, you need to make sure it's the best goddamn looking product your dev team can create, other wise it kills immersion, atmosphere etc.
7Ok.
What games let me fight with Scythes /v/?
9I too would like to know
9BB, and the scythe is baller as fuck compared to the previous games.
9Ninja Gaiden 2Ninja Gaiden 3 Razors EdgeDantes Inferno
Darksiders 2
Pandora's TowerCastlevania Aria and Dawn of SorrowShadow MadnessI think Monster Hunter 3U has a scythe alternative to long swords
darksiders 3 never
9
3TRIGGERED
Warframe
1I swear Darksiders 2 plays like dmc
shoot red barrelit explodes
1Tumblr art
1shoot red barrelit explores
1... and?
1
6worse steven universe
, 
Oh boy i can hardly contain myself
real Mega Man series getting a new developeryeah fuck this shit. MN9 can burn.
8Is it still ugly ass 2.5D?
1what do you think
1Hey man at least i still have some hope.Not really for this game but in general.
8I don't want to live in a world that considers a minecraft skin "retro"
1Can we stop using the term 2.5D to refer to poor implementations of 3D technology? Real games that were in 2.5D were actually good.
7what term do you propose then
7No i think 2.5D could just be a blanket term for shitty games.
Daily reminder: MN9 is inferior to even the worst Mega Man game.
8Yeah meneither from throwing up at how shitty the game looks
I just want this game to come out already so I can sell my code on ebay.I made a mistake, I wasted my money, I regreetted it but now I just want to get rid of it and move on.
4having hope in CapcomeverEVERIf it's anything like Xover we're better off having him dead.
7Nintendo literally invented the term "2.5D" to describe Yoshi's Story, despite that game being entirely 2D.
3did you play it?It looks awful, but maybe it has a good gameplay
8was making a sprite really THAT hard?
8this is a minecraft style character, not "retro", what the fuck man
7the leaked beta showed how bad it is
8Mighty No. 9 Legends when?
7Yep. Downloaded the beta as soon as I saw it, played it for an hour.
8People were really expecting the preview art to be what the game actually looked likebut instead we get...eh
9Didn't help inafune didn't announce they were using unreal until 12 hours before the ks ended. That's a very sleazy tactic
Guys, it's not their fault the game isn't good, they had a very limited budget after all!!
8Dragons crown is 1.1 million. He has no excuse
3I know, it was a joke. The game itself is a massive joke.
game looks ok for the 400k$ that people gave themi don't know why everybody is hating this game
8shafer and Inafune showed they cant manage funds or make a good game without a publisher hounding themI am so worried about bloodstained right now
7But this is clearly 3DThey say so in the title
8Yeah I don't understand why people are so hype for Bloodstained.Don't get me wrong, I would absolutely love another 2D RPG-esque Castlevania.But Kickstarter has shown that the games are almost always a disappointment. All they do is just ask for more money for FEATURES!!It's similar to Star Citizen.
8$400Try 4 million4 FUCKING MILLION DOLLARS
Well, look at it this way. At least Rockman & Forte 2, Mega Man DOS, and Mega Man DOS 3 aren't the worst Mega Man games anymore.Well, maybe DOS 3 is on par with MN9, but that's it.
8whoops
2come on /v/, it's pixels is that not retro enough? contain the autism Jesus Christ
2Only kickstarter game with potential is Yookah Laylee. Because they have actual fucking gameplay footage.
72.5D is a stupid term, you can't have half a dimension.
5how do you know
6Rockman and Forte 2 had some neat stuff in it at least. Capcom however doesn't own it.
6Yeah, same with MN9 though.All in all, I think whatever schmucks at Bandai that made R&F2 were better at making Mega Man games than Comcept.
8Mighty Number Ninefor Nineteen Ninety Nine
5It's just easier to say than "3D models and environments restricted to a 2D plane for gameplay purposes" you fucking sperg.
Wasn't there a horrible looking action figure that's also getting a release?
20 bucks for this soulless jumping and shooting? Yeah guaranteed pirate
5
4Wanting a dlc festival game
8Does he have a tumor on his left cheek or something? Did the 4 mil give him the tumor?
6it's the "artstyle"
8I'm trying to stay optimistic, and I'm not going to pass final judgement until I actually have played the game but fuck me, this entire thing seems to get worse and worse with each passing day.The greatest thing that could happen is that I enjoy the game and never give money to a Comcept Kickstarter ever again.
6
4The game looks like a 5 or 6. Temper your expectations for mediocrity.
ITT: Bumsore backers who thought kikestarter would guarantee them a quality product
5I'm not sure why you should be shitting on the people who can admit their mistake rather than shitting on the people who backed and are still acting like it's going to be a game worth four million, but hey, whatever. I've got no stake in this since I didn't back it at all I stopped clinging to hope for the Mega Man series long ago.
8
5I was going to back it, but I got an uneasy feeling for some reason, and so I didn't.Feels good man.
I'm just waiting for mighty gunvolt
Gunvolt was better. Fight me.
2I'm sure MN9 is going to be worse than Gunvolt but it's not even out yet so let's save the blatant attempts at starting shitflinging until then, yeah?
2O.k Let me rephrase that, then.Gunvolt looks better. Fight me.
4If it's soulless why even play it for free?
6Gunvolt looks better. Fight me.But I agree.
6Gunvolt looks like it wants to be MMX/MMZ.MN9 clearly wants to be MM Classic.
tfw I know this game will be shitty but desperately want to play a new mega man game anyway
4There's a bunch of Megaman-likes out there.
4Play one of the old ones that you missed.
1So I guess that for you, the Lego games are retro as well.tfw I picked the bait. sorry
20usd gamethats not bad I guess
/v/ is so mad about this game
1/v/ is mad that a company abused the trust of its customers and reneged on promises made during its kickstarter campaignBut yeah man, le epic "I drink your tears you're all so buttmad" meme.
paying $175 for a $20 game
2well, this game has some pretty bland level designThis is exactly how I felt after the demo; I wanna pick up Gunvolt, but some anon recommended me to wait for G2.
4This is another Vivian all over again.
Its funny cause you are waiting for the feminists megaman. SJW taking over gaming while zoe quinn and the other SJWs control 4chan.
4Not sure what a dumb waifu manufactured by /v/ has to do with this but okay whatever.
implying /v/ would be anywhere near this raged if the Dina thing never happenedEven if this game is bland, uninspired, and lackluster you'd never have called it out for it if it didn't have the SJW component involved.It simply gave people more incentive to criticize what was already there.Yeah, you just keep believing that.
6Bullshit, I support Dina fully and I still think MN9 is a pile of shit.
0oh look a white knight, dont see much of them around.
you will never own a company and hire Dina Abou Karam
0Your words lack conviction. I don't buy it.
0Well nobody on either side gives a fuck what you think, then.
6So you know nothing about mega man fans. Thanks for sharing.
0Not a white knight, I just support SJWs in general.1How about this?6plz anon
2If this game was truly as uninteresting as you claim it would have been ignored.Dismissed.Like Hatred was.Instead you rag on it night and day like this is the biggest joke in the industry.
8Implying tha'ts how old 3D games looked likeWhat the fuck man, did they forgot about how megaman legends actually looked like?
2Not a white knight, I just support SJWs in general.No but for real though fuck off.0Point to a post where I claimed the game was uninteresting.
2Not a white knightI support SJWsPledged to Zoe Quinn, suuuuure buddy.Maybe you're more than a white knight, maybe you're a White Paladin.
5Oh, don't get me wrong, I hate their fucking guts, but if SJWs are killing the gaming industry, supporting them is the best way to kill it.I click on every video Anita uploads, for instance. I cannot fucking stand listening to her speak.
9Fuckers couldn't care less about anyone who actually played any older games, they just want to attract the sizable Minecraft audience with this shit.It's shameless.
4but if SJWs are killing the gaming industry, supporting them is the best way to kill it.lolwut
2what a waste
7If people think these people have a higher fanbase than they actually do, they'll be more willing to capitulate to what they want. Which spells disaster for them. Look at Bioware.
0Dismissed.Like Hatred was.Oh yeah those hundreds of Hatred threads were definitely a dismissal. You're a fucking idiot.4Yup you're a retard if you think supporting people who want to prevent consenting adults from playing any given videogame they want can ever be a good thing.
8This pisses me off so much, because all they did was use a minecraft characterNothing about this is retro
2I wish I got patreon bucks for being a girl. Man being a girl must be so easy if you're a mildly attractive girl. My sister is always bragging about how guys just straight up buy her shit.
1This guy knows whats going on, what kind of white paladin thinks throwing money at something will kill it.
2spite based game running at 30fps on modern hardwareWhy
0lol you gotta make the patreon first, then once they see a pair of tits you'll be loaded for life.
8mfw this threadSo is it still a thing to shitpost about MN9 excessively? I had my doubts after the initial beta & the Dina shit, but after seeing the new trailer, it's looking a lot better than before. Shit, I'm actually kinda hype now. I think the insane amount of hate the game still gets here is a bit absurd, even more so when the shitposts leaks into regular MM threads.
0A lot of guys enjoy spending money on women.
9expecting concept to perfectly match final designStupid fucking consumers.
0It's a well kept secret but women are actually the most privileged subset of people on the planet.
0in not shithole countries
2Implying pussy isn't the strongest superpower in the world
9Dina Abou Karamdidn't know that bitch was middle eastern where is from ?
2Lebanon, according to herself.
Just sayin
8Hurr retro means low res, low poly, and low effort all at once, rightIt's pretty disheartening to know you've been playing and enjoying games longer than these con artists have been
9Is that a sack of flower blooms? She seems so unhappy. Good.
2Threadly reminder that Gunvolt was being played like a fiddle the whole damn game
3Of course she seems unhappy, she's in a state of perpetual bitch.
4being pussy in Africaa superpower
8what the fuck
9Dina thick af tho
1Not in a good way.
7No. You, and all the other buzzword memespouting hipsters, can stop using it incorrectly instead.2.5D refers to 2D games that use 3D graphic techniques. They still play two-dimensional.Duke3D and Doom are 3D games that use 2D graphics to bypass engine limitations.MegaNo.9 is a 2D game with 3D graphics. It has no excuse for being terrible.
3Actually they could care less.
12.5D refers to 2D games that use 3D graphic techniques. They still play two-dimensional.Like Doom.
8"Retro" - it's a fucking minecraft posHard mode held hostage behind a paywallWhat can I say? I am relishing this shit
I dunno, looks like Mega Man to meclass="quote"Themed bosses with patternsSpecial weaponsBoss weaknessesVertical drops with spikesMinibossesI don't really get why /v/ is going crazy over it. Looks just like a classic series Mega Man title. The only thing I agree with /v/ about is the awful visuals. Everything else looks pretty ordinary to me
1director constantly spewing out "quality" 2D art for the game, even having rough in-game sprites for itin-game is actually shitty 3D graphics that don't even do the 2D art justicefuck off shill
8tfw the 'y-you only complain because grafix!' meme has become so overused it became a pasta
Game looks fine to me. I've never understood any of the complaining about the game's quality.
8sihk meme, well played
4No, I think people only complain because of misguided SJW shit. The poor graphics are just an easy target . If they game were completely identical, yet never got fucked by that Dina and community shit, the game wouldn't get half the shit it does now
80I guess you've conveniently forgotten how they cut a major gameplay feature due to "budget constraints".Beck was supposed to be able to steal stuff from common enemies, a core gameplay mechanic that would've added an entire dimension of play to the game, and they cut it. They've taken their backers for a ride in every way. Don't bullshit and pretend that people are only mad because graphics and SJWs.
yfw Mighty Gunvolt is a better MN9 than MN9 itselfyfw it was free if you picked up Azure Striker Gunvolt early onClearly Gunvolt is the character they need to serialize.
73D sidescroller
3he doesn't realize Doom's gameplay is legitimately 2D.
2You know what, fuck that bit about Gunvolt; Mighty Gunvolt already had the best RETRO No. 9. You know, a proper fucking sprite.
I just downloaded and played the demo for Azure Striker Gunvolt and I have to ask, why do people like this game yet hate MN9?It's almost the same thing aside from the artstyle and a few mechanics. Gameplay seems to revolve around spamming that volt ability like MN9 uses it's dash, hell it even causes enemies to flinch like in MN9.
2Wasn't that a concept as well as gaining buffs from enemies? and the second one was the only one to make it to the finalized phase?I'm guessing they tried to add in the stealing forms ability but found it too time constricting at the time for having to come up with and implementing correct situations for them.
3Mechanically and thematically they're fairly similarThe difference is that Gunvolt looks decent and has a great soundtrack. Neither can be said of MN9
What do you expect when you pay money for an incomplete game off the promises of a stranger?That banjokazooie clone is going to be worse, water paint this post and mount it on your wall.
four million dollarydoos
3A few /v/irgins salty over bad graphics and a community manager.
2It seems they've stuck a bit of it into the boss weapons; some of them seem to have additional movement utility, like the gyro copter thing
2I'm guessing they tried to add in the stealing forms ability but found it too time constricting at the time for having to come up with and implementing correct situations for themWhy are you guessing when they have OUTRIGHT SAID exactly what you are saying?This is a known thing. It is also a huge fucking issue for any kickstarter project, and especially for this one.
2I've never heard of something getting cut from a game during development, though.
5The figure looks fairly decentBut fuck, the design they used for his face. I hate the 'popeye' styled cheeks
2They did not retract the promise of a common enemy weapon-steal feature until well after the game was funded and the kickstarter had ended. They decided to remove a core feature after they already had everyone's money. Don't make excuses.
0Isn't that how game design works, though?
2Devs have been cutting content since the beginning of game development! It's no different here!Yes, it is.Guess what, it's different when a dev hasn't promised a specific feature to the audience and had them pay for the game before its release with the understanding that the aforementioned feature will be included.
beautiful atmospheric graphics, not the soulless CGI crap you see in most AAA gameschallening gameplay, similar to the classic Megaman gamesCreative and unique character designAmazing soundtrackCreated by the father of gaming, which pretty much guarantees it'll be a masterpieceWhy do we hate this game again?
7Not really, no. They're morally obligated to include all the features that they said they would back when they took people's money.
0How about with investors, though?
3while it's true that GV isn't a groundbreaking game, it's pretty good and the fact that Inti put a lot of love into the game and characters says more than whatever MN9 did
8lol
2 too time constrictingKek
0Guess what, it's different when a dev hasn't promised a specific feature to the audience and had them pay for the game before its release with the understanding that the aforementioned feature will be included.Guess what, it's different when a dev hasn't promised a specific feature to the audience and had them pay for the game before its release with the understanding that the aforementioned feature will be included.QUOTEDFORTRUTH
8I know you're being cheeky, but I don't think the soundtrack is nearly as bad as everyone goes on about. I think it's pretty damn good
5Same thing. It's the responsibility of the creators to bear the blame if the creators overpromised and could not be true to their word.
9I would a dina
3Well, how do they bear the blame?
3Cancel the entire thing and give everyone their money back then quit making video games and go flip burgers because that is all Inafune's fraudulent shyster ass is good for
8rip of megaman .... crap game confirmed
3Cancel a whole video game for over-promising?
5All 4 million dollars had to go into designing a plastic figure.
3I don't care how they bear the blame here. Read the reply chain, this discussion has been about people excusing their failure when it's their fault for overpromising and then going back on their word. Backers have every right to be upset about that.
8Because the community manager was a ban happy SJW piece of shit who only got the job because nepotism.She decided to bar people from the forums they paid for access because of comments they made, off site, about non-game issues. She admitted that she didn't play any of the megaman games before X. She then proceeded to shut down her twitter to remove the posts, as if they weren't already saved.
6He ripped off Capcom and couldn't even deliver what he promised before taking people's money. Inafune is a legitimate scam artist.
9But isn't that what happens when content is cut?
Dina got one of the bosses named after herthe female one named dynatron
6But isn't that what happens when content is cut?What "that" are you referring to? Stop being obtuse or I'll just ignore you.
9No, I agree. It's a shame the feature was cut.But in terms of latest trailer, without outside context, I think the game looks pretty good. Yet /v/ treats it like a complete affront to mankind, making it impossible to have any positive discussion about it.Then again I didn't back the game, so perhaps I'm not as invested as others
3Of course!
0Combat Core has a playable demo.
7Devs have plans for video game, get money to develop said video game, but some things that were planned don't wind up working out for one reason or another and wind up getting cut. Is that not what happens?
5Oh hey, I forgot there was going to be a chiptune soundtrack. That's actually pretty cool, especially if it uses the NES sound font
funfact: thise whole special edition signature version is PS4 exclusive, courtesy of Deep Silver.The forums are NOT happy at all, considering that PS4 gets for 60 bucks- a figure, and inafune's signature, along with an art booklet, what backers in the kickstarter, would have had to pay like 175 for a plush toy which isnt even of beck and 250 to get inafune's signature.the forums are not happy at all.
8When you draw your character shilling the PS4, a console from a company with one of the absolute SLEAZIEST marketing tricks in the world, celebrating the funding of your game, you better be fucking cautious.
2Sounds kinda boring to be honest.Like, killing an enemy to get over spikes when you just could make a platform that takes you over. If there are 8 bosses and maybe 3 items, chances are the game already gives you plenty of options already to "cheat the game rules" etc
6I didn't invest in the promises that were made at the start and am thus ambivalent that Comcept failed to meet these promisesOkay dear that's nice.2So you didn't read the reply chain or you're holding your counterargument as self-evident even though I already addressed it. I'm done wasting my time on you.
2Good, those sucks deserve this.
8Which is why I wont support the kikestarter. If it's actually good I'll buy it. I learned my lesson after backing ftl. Never again
8So you didn't read the reply chain or you're holding your counterargument as self-evident even though I already addressed it. I'm done wasting my time on you.But you're not explaining how it's different from things getting cut normally. The only thing here is that the money came from people who aim to play the game.
1you* should be the developers already put a platform*
9what the fuck was wrong with ftl?
1Judging by the speed run videos i've seen of the beta, there are ways to cheat just by using the dash.
0Shovel Knight turned out great
8a console from a company with one of the absolute SLEAZIEST marketing tricks in the worldWhich is?
03Bull-fucking-shit. The creator didn't "promise" you jack regarding these ideas. Read the fine print, which was there since the very first day of the Kickstarter.
9casual knight turned out greatUh huh sure.
9Didn't you know that "considering" is synonymous with "promising"?
8Looks like a robot chicken parody of it.
9nitpicking the wordingseriously anon?its still obvious that beck transforming on the fly was something they wanted to do.Fuck, it's his entire main gimmick. Where megaman could copy enemy powers, Beck could outright transform himself with their abilities, sort of like Axl, only more cartoony
9tfw your community manager tells people to NOT buy your game
90Idiots. All the text emphasized is in reference to the specific possibilities they listed, as in "these are a few ways we might implement this mechanic."You can't even make a successful semantic nitpick, jesus. Talk about reaching.
3Possibilities that were still in the designing phase and didn't work out, correct?
3So your argument is "the game was in the design phase and therefor subject to change, thus the developers were under no moral obligation to deliver any of the features they proposed with the implicit promise that they would be included"?
3yes. due to a tight budget :^
2the game was in the design phase and therefor subject to changeThis bit.
8Minecraft skinThis is it. They've hit rock bottom.It would be a fucking achievement if they managed to do something even worse than this.
0Well Sony's entire marketing for their consoles revolved less about their games and more about inane bullshit. Then there were the PSP graffiti artists who were paid to draw the PSP around places and graffiti being a borderline illegal activity in the first place, and the infamous "All I want for Christmas is a PSP" blog. And when Sony advertises games, they'll claim that the game is exclusive but also on PC, or claim special content locked from other platforms, or even shit like this.2Sony isn't as bad as Microsoft admittedly, but they certainly aren't saints either.
3Gonna be honest here, i fucking hate Capcom but I'd rather go back to them if THIS is the best possible outcome from someone else.
Every year, Microsoft holds a big surprise at the end of their E3 conference. This year, it is not a game.According to trusted NeoWin insider, with W10 coming in the next few weeks, MS will announce that XBL subscriptions are no longer required to play online.
That would be huge
4I'd buy an xbone if that was true.
I fucking wish.
, 
ITT: things that triggers /v/ps4 has no gaems
2where the fuck is bloodborne
I'm okay with this, you have them alphabetized.
two copies of disney infinitynow you're really fucking with us
2lel
, 
Started playing Witcher 1 while I wait for W3 to get cheaper.W1 worth playing? should I skip to 2? Ive never played this game before but its been in my steam library for like a year
Play them all.They all feel like different games anyway.
Yeah it's worth playing. I mean you said yourself that you're waiting for W3 to get cheaper so you'll be waiting for a while. I was wondering the same thing when I started playing a year ago and I thought it was shit until I got to the later half of chapter 2 and it started picking up, ultimately becoming a pretty damn good game.
The story's great. Everybody shits on the combat but I think it's pretty good, it's just different from what most people are used to. At least play the first two chapters before you think about dropping it. The game gets pretty interesting by the end of chapter 2 and only gets better from there.
0withcher 1 starts out slow as fuck, the combat is ass, the quests are ass, but it gets better at around chapter 3
Second best game in the series. All three are worth playing.
Do not listen to any casual pseudo-fan who tells you to start with the second game. It's a trilogy, you must play all the games. I know you are gonna find Witcher 1 boring and clunky at first, you are contemplating whether or not you want to continue. Just trust me, stick with it. Midway through chapter 2, around the time of Shani's party, something will "click", the game will start to feel more fun and immersive, and you'll be hooked for the rest of the game.
0Witcher 1 is a really great game. You might find it boring at first but then it gets really good around chapter 3. It is a slow paced RPG so take your time and enjoy the atmosphere, lore and characters. Sometime i wish i could play it for the first time again.Oh and chapter 4 is goat
0W1 worth playing? should I skip to 2?why do you people always ask retarded questions like this? play it, see if you like it, if not raise the difficulty level and play it until you like iton a more serious note, those questions are fucking stupid and you should feel bad
Witcher 3  Witcher 1  Witcher 2
0Every Witcher game is great, but for differerent reasons.No reason not to play them all
0Detective is Azar Javed.
0Play them in order, you will seriously not get who the fuck anyone is in 3 unless you do.
Currently playing the first game and fuck chapter 2. I want to drop this piece of shit, but I don't want to start the other games before completing this one.
0Is it true that many Americans don't even know that this is based on the books by Sapkowski? It's quite hilarious considering that basically every Europoor read it and knows the author.
0Alvin's behind Salamandra, he used a time machine
7Whenever I come across some stupid nigger, I calm myself down with the knowledge that all mongoloids like you die one day and probably will do so alone.
free day from workdon't want to play TW3 because of EXP bugAt least I hope it'll come out tomorrow.
1spoiling the shit part of the game like if it really fucking matters
0Play Witcher 1all those shitty quests during Chapter 1mfw during the finale of Chapter 1
TW1 is boring.TW2 is pretty amazing.Pirating TW3 because I'm not paying $60 for a single player game.
Started playing The Witcher 1Shall I play The Witcher 1Do you have trouble dressing yourself?
Should I give Fallout 3 another shot for lore's sake?It stil looks like I can get a few hours of entertainment
Why not just play the superior first two Fallout games instead? Tons of more content and ways to play them.
1Jut finished them Mr.Horrigan.
Play new Vegas instead, that's the real sequel.
8The last week,I played all Fallout games except tactics and BoS.
0New Vegas is up next then
7for lore's sake
1but I suck at turn based games anontfw scrublord
7Should I give Fallout 3 another shot for lore's sake?If there is one thing you DON'T want to play Fallout 3 for, it's lore. And story. And writing. And settings. And combat. So, actually, there are five things you don't want to play the games for. Seriously, just skip the game. It's a travesty. Go right into New Vegs: it's mechanically very similar, though slightly improved, but in terms of writing and settings and lore and everything, it's incomparably better. Fo3 is really just a terrible cash in on the franchise.
, 
tfw first online match in a fighting game and you get destroyed
post more Ramlethal, best xrd
See its guys first online matchGo 110% on themWelcome to fighting games
8Getting hit by IK's8I see Arcsys did manage to lure in the BB audience afterall
4nothing wrong with liking cute girls, Jam is the cutest
first online matchget destroyedwell whatever, it's too be expected from the first match1000 online matches latergot destroyed 997 times
8MKX's shitty netcodefight a smug nigger scorpion playerlag of peaceI loseHUEHUUE GET REKT XD
7
8tfw wrecking a 3000pp 6400bp DJ as a 300pp 1500bp Juri
7tfw
4implying IKs can't be comboed into
2Level 11 against level 1seems fair
2Steam link?
7levels/points in fighting games matterAll I did was go in training mode and practice some combos before going online, not my fault people can't git gud
8making this many excuses while being trash
2I did this three times already today. Plus, I play a very frustrating characters to play against so I probably turned them off of the game, hehe.
2Which character?
Friend tries to get me into Magic The GatheringTry out one of these online gamesHe picks me a simple enough deck that is just monstersHe picks a deck for himself that completely counters the deck he picked for me
2training modeThere's an arcade mode for a reason.
tfw first online match in a fighting game and you win because everyone's still a scrub
2That clearly accidental 6HThat cancel into BB without a confirmThat unoptimal comboThat retarded OTG 2k GF setupThat late as fuck dust that literally wasn't a mixup with anything anymoreThat unoptimal combo afterwardsYou're in luck your opponent was just a random shitter.
Getting stomped in my first match is always how I feel motivated to continue playing.
3Net and tree everywhere
8That's not Elphelt
3skullgirls is on saleguess
2jesus christ fighting game fags literally speak an alien language
8going online before you've beaten arcade mode with every character on Hard mode
6of course not, Elphelt a shit
friend invites you to playdon't even let you moveperfect everytime
Lose at a card gameGet saltyLose at ASSFAGGOTSGet saltyLose at FPSGet saltyLose at fighting gamesI'm fineThere are so many other factors that come into those other games, but if someone's better than me at a fighting game...well, they're better. If I'm losing, I'll fight the better player as long as I can.How can you ever expect to get better if you only stomp people worse than you?
7Peacock?
new game comes outyou don't get it right awayperhaps wait about a month or twoby the time you get it, every single person you encounter online is xXMLGBONGHIT420Xx pro and can beat you without you even having a chance to learn or figure out what the hell is happeningBonus pointsthe online segment is already dead by the time you get the game
2For me or him?
1GTAV PC?
8expecting not to get destroyed when you're a begginer playing against people who have more hours and experience overall than you?Do you go around on life asking if you're retarded or you just know you are?
4Huh, i guess Fighting games have the least amount of RNG of all vidya.
8got destroyed in my first persona arena ultimax game yesterday, it was sad.
Your w/l ratio is shown to your opponent
5You. I wanna fite you later.
8I actually won my first online match on UFC. Shit was good, but when I got to blue belt division I got destroyed for a good while until I got good.
9Sure: 
3This profile is private.
3Nice. I'm on my phone right now but I'll set up a lobby at about 8pm pst.
2The fact that winning can piss off more than just the person you beat has to be the most beautiful thing about fighting games.
3Is that the newer UFC game for PS4/One?I loved UFC 3 Undisputed, blasted the fuck outta people online. Won my first fight in a four second flash KO, was so good.I no longer have consoles and just play on PC. That is literally the only franchise I miss, but EA has it now, so I'm not even sure if I actually miss it.
7I get russians adding me all the time otherwise, since I have over 500 games.
2I am shit at fightan but the shitty netcode is a nightmare
4You're absolutely right. Scrub-stomping once in a while can be cathartic as fuck tho
81st match onlinewinnever go online againI'm keeping that 100% win ratio, thank you.
6UFC 3 is better. UFC is a hybrid of arcade and simulation, that at launch was garbage now is a pretty solid game where there is a lot of focus on combo and stamina management and where submissions are now actually a viable way of winning. Also there was a lot of support post launch adding several new characters into the rooster which was really fucking cool.I actually enjoy it and almost platinum it. I only lack the friendly season trophy and the Submission trophy which is impossible to get on Black belt/Red Belt division, I will need to lose some match on purpose to get to brown/white division and fuck that.
0I was only pointing out what that webm really tells about you. Even if you think it looks like hot shit, it's really the opposite.You don't seem to have much of an idea what you're doing outside of combos. And even then you're doing pretty whack stuff that could be easily improved.
5Thanks for the insight Freud, but no one cares.
Xrd pre-netcode patchLose most matches... get saltyXrd post-netcode patchDo decently well... feel motivated even when I loseEven console +R netcode is better than pre-patch. God.
3You of all people should care if you're gonna go around posting that shit to show off.
4playing MKX onlinetfw your opponent has a 100% chance of winning against youtfw you don't defy the odds and losedemoralizing as hell tbh
4start using sol because why notthat 5Kthose 8S,5S,and 2S pokes
4There's no RNG, there's no shitty teammates to blame. It's just you and the other guy. I also just can't get mad at fighting games, if I lose it's always on me.
2Playing street faggotsYou deserved it stupid fuck.
0The real question is : why do you play Sol ?I swear, everytime I play GG online it's 60% Sol, 30% Ky, 10 others. People like you read scrub who only play the easiest character ruin the fun of playing a fighting game.
Be generally bad at fighting gamesOccasionally fight someone even worse than mePlay a long set of matches with them with me winning 95% of themGet concerned that they are not having fun because they are almost only losingStart going easy on my opponent and even let them winAm I the biggest beta faggot or what?
8ltg pls go and stay go
8I don't know what's "ltg" and I don't want to know it, mongrel.
8Jesus dude, are you triggered or what
8if you fight them so much learn their weaknesses and git gud scrub. I see more Milia players then anything and most of them do dust mix-ups and the miliamobile.
1tfw Red orchestra 2 suffers from bothonly bots to practicewhen you find someone, is a high level guy with everything unlocked
/v/ is bad at fighting gamesyou can't dispute this
3Lol, I do that all the time, I just can't resolve myself to perfect an opponent.
4Only problem with pre-patch was when you played with the cross-platform.
3People like to play long sets of matches against better players to get better themselves.Don't go easy, if they weren't having fun they would leave
0Damn, what a faget .
42 things.First: He won.Second: Street fighter is shit but it has the most players.I guess what I'm trying to say is that you're retarded.
Playing fihgting game onlineGet matched up with another p[layerxXC3nTxDesTROYerxX 2043 Wins 0 Loses 3199 Disconnects
8Because my old main isn't in the game. And Sol is easy, fun and good.People like you read scrub who only play the easiest character ruin the fun of playing a fighting game.Well I'm sorry for picking a character. I should pick the most obscure character I can find to be an honorable skilled player such as you.Not playing insert popular character here doesn't make you any better or worthwhile. Nobody gives a shit about you being such a special snowflake with you obscure unpopular characters bud. Cry me a fucking river. People like you will cry about the most popular character no matter who it is. If your current main was actually popular from the start you would even be playing him/her
How do i stop getting mad at video games?
2That's the thing. I would hate if someone intentionally went easy on me, because aside from it feeling insulting, it wouldn't help me get better. But somehow I can't seem to stop going easy on players a lot worse than me.
1Single player games that have forced multiplayer Watch Dogs Far CryAssassin's CreedFuck Ubisoft
6fucking Sol faggots and their 5K. Who the actual fuck decided to give him a 3f move in addition with every tool a character could dream of? Sol's 2D can eat shit too.Wish Axl had a 3f ANYTHING.
4Exactly. I've always got someone else to blame and vent frustrations at even when it's my fault in other games. But if I lose in a fighting game, tough shit it was my fault.It's actually a really calm and relaxing feeling, oddly.
7Play footballKick field goalMilk clockI am keeping that 100% w/L ratio
1Wargame Red dragoni bought the game 9 months too late
first time online playing halo2know nothing about required internet speedsplaying on 24Kbs dialupi managed to get a few kills, but goddamn.
49 win in a row atm :^All thanks to a Sol baby who only used random characters after I beat him 5 times.
0Because Sol's moves don't traverse the entirety of the screen?
0Nice semen demon
2Who you main scrub? Narukami best Persona.
5Not if you don't mash 46464646.
8
Trying to learn USF4 after years of Mortal KombatOn a fightstick after a lifetime of playing on a controller
2Agreed, doing random grand viper in neutral is an excellent winning strategy.
9oh yes, go on
0
4wud ram her lethal
4
0Mad.Sol is pretty tame in this game apart from when he gets a CH fafnir against against a character with 60 stun resistance. It's funny really that people bitch about him Xrd so much for tools that he's had since forever.The problem is that average shitters like the majority of /v/ can't stop pressing buttons when it's not a good idea and then wonder why they get blown up by Sols like 2 that don't even know what they're doing and why.
How do you prefer your brown girls, /v/?
8guy is already high in ratingsthey STILL suck
6first two rows are best two rows
6I like all shades of delicious brown, but have a special reserve for The Okinawan and Evening Elvan.
6Yes.
Since this is also a rage thread, why the fuck are people in GTA:O so bad at driving? I swear to god, on heists and shit they will constantly crash and bump and wipeout and suicide and all this bullshit before we get there.
Trying out Killer Instinct for the first timeOnly fighting games I'm good at are Guilty Gear and KOFTrain for a long ass time with my free characterGo online and do decently well in player matches No supreme victories against me & Crush some dude 5 times in a rowStill don't feel like I'm good enough, and now I'm too scared to do a ranked battle because that's where the big boys playI'm gonna be so fucking lost when I can't use Thunder anymore.
5what is Riot Stampwhat is Grand Viper
6California gold is the only acceptable
2Getting hit by random riots and Grand vipersYou're not losing to Sols because of the character. Clearly.
2nothing personnel
6California Gold & Okinawan for life
6Picking anything but Scent of Cinnamon or California Gold as a close 2nd
6Which one would Ramlethal be?
2Go record Shadows with Thunder. It's fun as balls and you can always come back to it later.
8That's hard to say really.
8the best of the best. Perfect waifu.
2what is Riot Stamp[sic]Potential for slapstick comedy gold.
2Play beat em ups, Metal Slug, etc. with it then come back to Street Fighter.
6Okinawan and Dark Vanilla. Both make my dick rock hard.
Play Max Payne 3Damn fun single playerTry onlineLiterally everyone is level 50, has a female character and runs around with dual wield pistols and pinpoint accuracythis is not fun at all
At the 21+ arcadeDrinking beers, laughing, jokingNew challenger appears"Pick any fighting game, I will whoop your ass"MvC2 machine shines like the light of godMFW gonna take you for a ride
8Unlocks don't matter in RO2 m8. Its minor shit like a bayonet or more ammo. You really just need to learn the maps and how to position yourself properly. Bots won't help with that.
tfw love fighting games but have terrible reaction time even with practice
1Won via DCMost players means its the bestCoD has the most players to doesn't make it the best Guess what I'm saying is you're retarded.
1tfw bad with fighting games because I always use my instincts instead of tactics
tfw you'll never have the drive to get good at fightan
2Got to level 11 in training mode?
7You gotta balance the two, they're equally important really. But you have to make those strategies an extension of your instincts--something you don't even consciously think about most of the time.
6It's by playing ranked. And being lvl 11 doesn't mean anything, since getting to level 11 is piss easy, because you can't de-rank until that level.My Ramlethal is level 11, but i've still more than 4'000 matches that aren't ranked.
7me playing DOA5
5WHY IS SHE SO FUCKING SMUG HOLY SHIT
2If you don't want to drop the cash for the Combo Breaker packs,you can just buy Thunder for $5.
5Like pic related
2See its a guys first online matchJust spam taunt while slowly killing them with pokes
So does anybody wanna play some Ultra? PC here, southern US. I may live in hicksville but my internet's good, I swear
5So what's her deal? What is she a reference to? Is ball and chain a band name or something?
Fighting game fags enjoy turning off people from their gamesNo wonder everyone hates you people, just a bunch of tryhards who can't stand the thought of new people entering the game.
5God damn that's a horrible character design. It's Blazblue-tier.
1Well her name is Jack-o.She's a got Halloween theme in general and there's a band that goes by Halloween as well so yeah.
7If you can't handle losing to a more experienced player then you're not gonna be sticking around no matter what anyway.
Better than going to your first tournament and get destroyed/wsg/654059Also, a classicer:
81/?
7tryhardGit fucking gudAre people not supposed to try? Should they sandbag for your terrible ass?fucking casual baby
Anyone playing KI get a chance to try out ARIA yet? She has a TON of tools, especially compared to other KI characters, but I always forget to use her Shockwave drone assist. Alsothose fucking dashesThey're almost as fast as Hisako without the drone speed buff. It's fucking insane.
8You brought it on yourself. It's literally the same game nerdshits were playing for last 25 years, what did you expect?
8
8I feel like the only person that goes easy on new people. I play the first match cautiously to make sure it's not a smurf account, and when I see that they have no idea what they are doing I go easy on them and don't use any specials or anything, just using normals.Where's the satisfaction in destroying someone who isn't good? You would only get any if you yourself suck at the game.
new to fighting gamesplay a bunch with my friendunderstand the neutral game entirely, but can not do combos for the love of god yet mfw everytime I barely eke out a win against superior opponents its literally me slowly chunking their health down with zero combos while having a grade-A defenseFighting games are fun even though I have a 20% winrate
2I prefer that, than someone fucking around with me. Happened to me not that long ago and It pissed me off.
5not yelling PROFOUND SADNESS after losing with GuyDamn nigger.
first online match in a fighting gamestand in one spot and anti-air / blockwin
8So they finally released Xrd in the EU just in time for the next version to be announced.I will probably start playing it again, let some of the new players kick my ass as i wonder why i keep buying fighting games.
8play online against a relatively new playerjust spam Dragon puncheswin
I hope Xrd Johnny isn't a cripple like Slayer.
4I see Arcsys did manage to lure in the BB audience afterallIts the same audienceArcsys always had cute girls, and it was always anime pandering.
5That Gandhi match is the stuff of legends
5that boss-looking dude in the shades who comes up afterwards, picks Dan and probably eliminates the guy I never noticed this before, I'm in stitches
The next Blazblue is confirmed to best the last Blazblue. They've been saying for a while now that when Blazblue's story is finished there would be a Guilty Gear vs Blazblue.What do YOU want out of GGvsBB? 2D visuals like BB? 3D visuals like GG? Tags mechanics? If tag mechanics then who would be your team? Slayer/Valkenhayn, Leo/Azrael master race.
8fucking xrd.Everything about everyone's Dust animation makes me want to block low but its a fucking overhead
5Potemkin/Tager is the only correct answer
7You need instincts for fighting games. It cant be purely about tactics. Don't THINK about what moves you're going to do, just DO them.
5Jam/Makoto is only answer
7If you can't get into fighting games then tough shit. I can only hold your hand up to a certain point before I tell you to get good. Fighting games are literally about skill and not everyone has the time or wants to put in the effort to get good. It's impossible to get into fighting games unless you actually WANT to be good at them.Just fuck off back Smash if you can't deal.
1I'm guessing her moveset is going to reference a lotta Helloween songs.
So, we have one Valentine themed character and one Halloween themed character. Should we expect a Christmas themed character soon?
5confirmed to best*be
play fighting gamesalways wreck everyonethey lose interestmove on to something elsenew fighting game comes outrinse and repeatHow am I supposed to git gud?
9You seem like a scumbag of the highest order.
8Sure maybe.
1Dont high levels get better stamina, aim and morale boost?
9If you mean wrecking people irl like your friends the only way to get good is play at locals.
where the fuck is the new Soul Calibur.At the very least port 5 to the pc.
49my dick hurts
8Everyone already has a Christmas themed palette.
0being this bad you get read like a children's bookThe man is right, tager and potemkin would shit down everyone's throat
8get absolutely bodiedopponent adds me and invites me to a matchstarts teaching me combos and shitI can't remember any of them but he was a cool guy. FGC a best.
9Anon, I...
4destroy some scrub in a gameHe adds meHey you're pretty goodhelp teach him the game, some combos and some other stuffA few months later he can beat me
3Had a similar experience with 3ds smashIt's the best feeling, i might play fighting games like this from now on
Everyone fellates GGPO like it's the best thing everMatches are either 10 FPS to compensate for lag or frame skipping mini-teleports to try and keep players in syncWhy is this a good netcode again?
1comparing smash to fighting gamesRIP thread
5What was up with that webm? The guy on the left was winning 4 times in a row, right? Why the fuck was he so mad?
0It's good if you don't have shit internet
1Smash is not a fighting game. Fuck off
8Good taste
Is there a guiode to bread and butter combos for xrd characters somewhere? the dustloop wiki is just unhelpful
6All of them.
4Most players means its the bestDo you even read what other people post.
2Maybe you should give 1.10 Slayer a try sometime.
7The dustloop character specific forums
7Challenge mode. Then you can "create" your own combos based off what you can do in the challenge mode.
5Leo/AzraelSlayer/ValkenhaynFucking amazing taste, anonLeo/Terumi or Sin/Ragna here.
7It is a fighting game. You fight the other guy until you win. 
6Yeah sure. I'll fight you she I get home. Just leave a steam link or something.
1Is dota 2 and csgo also fighting games? Retard.
train a lot before going onlinefirst few online matches2 to 4 win streaks
1pls respond
1Cancerhelt what a surprise fuck off faggot
3You really need to be gud with slayer in order to play correctly. Because spamming Pilebunker works only against neebs.
2Welcome to the real world
6
6he thinks I use Elphelt because I posted an Elphelt reaction imageI use Sin
6Stop being mean.
4
2Get out of 4chan Justin
4Because baldy was talking shit about the black guy only to get fucked 5-0.
6What's wrong with Elphelt?
, 
What I currently like from seeing the trailer:it seems there is a big emphasis on world building. Big living cities, towns ectthe game is now more vibrant with interesting colours instead of shades of green/browndespite what people say I think the graphical improvement is great with more detail on everything in generalWho else is excited? I cant wait to explore a new world again, make my own rusty home, put on some goggles salvaged from a dead mutant and a tattered coat purchased for a few caps from a merchant and get to know Boston and all its denizens.
4I'm buzzing!! Probably GOTY, Or Arkham Knight we shall see.
1Dr. Joe Car
1via 9gagget out
4Yes, dude, I sure like how the latest trailer for FALLOUT 4 TM demonstrated the power of GAMEBRYIO TM. I can't wait for comparing my walkthrough of the game with that of my friends while we share some DORITOS and MOUNTAIN DEW.
4I liked basically everything except for the shitty visuals. Its my only complaint really. You can try and defend them by saying it isn't finished blah blah blah, but those kinda of graphics in 2015 are unacceptable.
to all the shitposters. What if they built a graphical engine as good as witcher 3. Everything looks flashy and next gen but there are very little characters to interact with and the world has to be made a fraction of the size.
4I'm liking pretty much everything. I'm really enjoying the emphasis on colour. Like you said, it seems like there is a focus on larger towns which I appreciate. Towns felt a bit too small in the past games. The only thing I'm apprehensive about is how things look slightly stylized. Like things kinda look like Bioshock Infinite in how everything is sort of plastic and fake looking. It's not necessarily a bad thing. Stylized art direction is easier to make look good as opposed to realistic styles. I just have to see how it will impact the feel of the game.1Why are they unacceptable? Why does it matter? Are you really that picky that you cannot enjoy a game if it doesn't have cutting edge graphics and animations?
4It would suck dick because Bethesda can't write a coherent story for shit.Do you seriously think the NV shitposters are hung up over graffics?
I just want that power armor to be customisable. It'd be cool if you could get a base of operations with a workshop area like in the trailer, allowing you to gear up for different kinds of adventures.
I'm no graphics whore, but the shots of the dog and vault dweller player character were unimpressive. With that said, every other shot I'm the trailer looked nice. It's an undeniable step up from Fallout 3/NV and Skyrim.I've always been cautious of Bethesda but it seems that they're taking the game back to it's roots in terms of art design. Props to them for giving us an honest look at the games graphics. All I can do at this point is wait to see more at E3.Inb4 Bethdrone Skyrim was a huge disappointment. I'm just optimistically hoping they don't do any more damage to a series I loved since the first game
4They were unimpressive indeed, but I wouldn't go as far as to say they were "bad". Just sort of okay. I can live with it. I'm also very cautious about them trying to casualize the series. If they try to take out SPECIAL, I probably won't buy the game.
3ThisIt seems like there's an emphasis on weapon customization considering the workbench area in the trailer hopefully they let you customize gear and stuff too.
The shilling is real.
2stop liking what I don't like etc etc...
they se the same running animation from fallout 3, the textures suck, and the dog looks retarded
7I worried about the same thing but I think we'll be fine
I still can't believe what a turd Fallout 3 was after 4+ years in development. Bethesda forced Obsidian to push out Fallout: New Vegas in 18 months, imagine what they could have done with a full year.
0Post original so I can jack off to the blonde girl on the left.
I would have been satisfied with 2010 gamebryo honestly
0wtf are you babbling about
0Bethesda forced Obsidian to push out Fallout: New Vegas in 18 months, imagine what they could have done with a full year.Americans everyone
4I am quite confident they will make a good game considering the success of previous titles although skyrim like you said had a little less love put into it
0I can't believe i share a board with people like you.Gonna take a shower...
no obsidian no buy.
4The power armor looks way better now, they fixed pauldrons on the t45d and the armor overall looks bulkier and stronger, it also seems to make the wearer taller. It actually looks like proper power armor now.
4Looks great to me.I have a feeling that Fallout 4 is going to be the most purchased game of all time upon its release
4Why are so many people complaining about the graphics, I thought they looked really good. Especially since it was a compressed YouTube video so it will in fact look even better.The only graphical complain I have is about the dog, because it frankly looked pretty poorly done. But the rest looked great
2Can you explain to me why you are even here if you aren't excited for Fallout 4?You're just like those people on Youtube who click on Justin Bieber videos to write hate comments
7they need to complain about something and graphics was the only thing that has really been shown. My complain is going to be that fallout 4 is probably going to be fallout 3 with a graphics mod
Feel the shill.
4Funny how NV lovers and F3 haters always fail to mention that Bethesda created almost everything that was present in the world of NV, besides a few things that Obsidian added themselves.
6I'll honestly be happy with that if it is the outcome. Loved Fallout 3 and New Vegas to bits, so basically nothing can disappoint me.It's clear from the trailer that they've added several features already, and I'm sure there'll be more
4it seems there is a big emphasis on world building. Big living cities, towns ectBig living cities, townsBig living cities3 NPCs on a street.
i thought fallout new vegas was shit
4What I like:Stylization is good, looks sort of similar to the first two Fallouts, especially the power armor. Fallout 3 had objectively better aesthetics and atmosphere than NV so I'm not surprised. I actually rather like the look of the game overall despite that dog looking like shit. Writing seems a little flat, just from the narration. Don't know enough to tell. What I'm worried about is the possibility of no character creator and a set protagonist, the possibility that they could change the leveling system for the worse, and the chance that they might make dumbed-down quests with no challenge that don't require you to think like in skyrim. I really hope that Bethesda took the best parts of both F3 and NV, and tried to make a plot with multiple possibilities, where player actions change the game in permanant ways.Why is there no Bethesda-Obsidian joint dev team? Obsidian should just draw up the game plan and do all of the writing and characters and lore, and Bethesda could take care of everything else, and I'd be happy.
4I like that the world actually looks like the concept art in OP's pic and most other Fallout concept art I've seen over the years.
1I think you missed the joke, yank
4FOR FUCKS SAKE OP FALLOUT IS A POST NUCLEAR SURVIVAL RPG, IT ISN'T SUPPOSED TO HAVE BIG LIVING CITIES WITH MUH RAINBOW COLORS AND VIBRANCEIT'S SUPPOSED TO BE MURKY AND GRIM, A BUNCH OF GHOST TOWNS BECAUSE IT'S A POST NUCLEAR SURVIVAL RPG. POSTNUCLEAR SURVIVAL RPG
7But that's wrong, it's supposed to be post-post apocalyptic. Fallout takes place hundreds of years after the war. Games like Fallout 3 make it seem like the bombs dropped like week ago and everything is still poison green.Hundreds of years is plenty of time for survivors to gather around and make massive compounds like picture related, but thanks to shitty gamebryo engine limitations this is never possible.
Even Total Biscuit is saying the graphics are fucking embarrassing for today's games. It is a valid statement not shitposting. The game looks bad.
i like the airships from tactics hopefully this mean they added cars
shitposters please leaveThere's a reason this shitty board has such a high turnover rate.We all know this place is really /v/ - video game related shitpostingI don't know why I bothered coming back because of the trailer. See you faggots never because this place is a perpetual shithole.
The biggest thing from the FO4 trailer is the house was part of the open world instead of behind a fucking loading screen.
5The game looks bad.Just like everything bethesda churns out.
7I love seeing 3 fags so salty fallout is about rebuilding civilization and it looks like Bethesda finally understands that
I liked the look, the graphics reminded me a little of the art style from 1 & 2, more so than 3 and NV pulled off. The past scenes did look kind of plastic.
8isn't creation just an 'updated' version of gamebryo?
8Come on anon. This is basic science. The effects of radiation to stop, completely on their own without any technological interference is hundreds of years. And given the time line of the great war I assume it was the big fat 12 kt nukes that were dropped so, no 50-100 years isn't enough for the murky radiated terrain to go back to fertile and colourful
Graphics look hella better then Fallout 3/NV. While I want to say I like how advanced and large the areas are considering DC and the Pitt are shitholes I'm not sure how there going to explain this and I'm afraid they're going to fuck up the story and lore again.
tfw Fallout 3 opened the floodgates for babby RPG playersI have a big beef with FO3. It's pretty decent game for what it is, but a terrible Fallout game. Mostly because of the terrible engine. I can let a few story elements and such slip, but when the game has 3 voice actors, everybody has a potato face, and the animations are awful -that is where I draw the line.New Vegas had this nice sci-fi western thing going on which was also present in the original Fallout games. It even has the good old dark humor. Also the moral system was much better than in FO3 because it wasn't all black and white.
6Yes let everyone only enter thread they're excited about.Wouldn't want something other than a circlejerk.
4being excited for Beth games
4I like how obviously shitty they made it so i now know not to buy it.
018 monthsa full year
2You probably have a very low IQ.
5You were never going to buy it anyway, you were always, and will still, pirate it.
desert, dogs, vault suit, death claw, 1950s refrigerator, old music, rusty sheet metal
9only game ive ever pirated was Far Cry 3then i bought the 360 version.
colors are a good thingFALLOUT 3GRAY AND BROWN 200 YEARS LATERFALLOUT 4LUSH GREEN AND VIBRANT COLORS YOUR CHARACTER WAS ALIVE DURING THE GREAT WARDo you not see the problem with this. also Feral CatscatsfalloutBethesda has no idea what they're doing. But that shouldn't be surprising.
550-100 yearsMate NV was 200 years after the Great War and 4 is probably gonna be after that
4I don't understand this. The original Fallout games weren't as bad as 3 but they weren't brimming with color either, why do defenders of the graphics keep saying it's some kind of throwback?
6Honestly I'm just praying they rehash Lonesome Road again and use them using their tech to nuke themselves again as a explanation as to why the east is still so shit.
4your character was alive during the great warSo he's like what? 250 years old?
tfw new Fallout fans are too young to appreciate or understand the originals
5its been around 300 years I think
4if you're saying that the player character is also the kid from beginning, watch the trailer again. You can see the parents with the kid outside the vault as the bombs drop- they didn't survive.
4either frozen or an android
7
5Radiation seeps in the soil 1cm/year so unless you dig a hole it's fine. The bombs in the Fallout universe are also a lot smaller in yield, but more plentiful. Also 250+ years is a lot of time, not every radioactive element takes 10000 years to go away.
4I'm fine so long as the rumors about the voiced protag and fixed character backstory and no character creation are false.This is fucking Fallout, not Mass Effect. Ambiguous universal character denominations have always been the standard.But aside from that, I'm hyped. I know Bethesda won't do as well as Obsidian, but I still enjoyed the fuck out of F3 despite its flaws. I'm sure I'll enjoy this one just as much.
2i like the gloves, or lack thereof power fists included?
4According to the supposed links yes, he was cryogenically frozen or some dumb shit.Apparently they're trying to pull a Dobbs with the MC being in the army when it all goes down and he gets frozen. At least according to links, either way that's retarded. Just like the supposed leaks that there are ferals cats in a vault, even though cats are extinct in the US.
1I've always just thought it was because you were in fucking D.C., so naturally it would get hit hardest out of all the major cities so the radiation and damage would be the worst.4YOUR CHARACTER WAS ALIVE DURING THE GREAT WAR8either frozen or an androidYeah cause that just fits in with every fucking game so far. It was your ancestors.
4Hm, let's see...
7GARDEN OF EDEN CREATION KIT YOU FUCKER.
2It does look really good, doesn't it? F3 and New Vegas always disappointed when it came to power armor. Looks closer to the original games now.
7Nice b8.
9yeah me too. I think they are really trying to get as close to the concept art as they can to really enrich the whole feeling
8It only takes one nuke to destroy DC and even if it was multiple, trees and fauna would have likely come back by that point. Hell even water would likely have been purified by that point.
8no the main character is voiced
2that guy on the left with the laser rife, what the fuck is his helmet?is it a visor or something flipped up?
3I don't get people like that. I played fallout 3 long before the first two, and I enjoyed all of them.
6They're most likely 12 year olds who like anything with guns and first person camera.
1Nuke yields are smaller in the Fallout universe. And of course water would be purified, radiation seeps in the soil + the the river fucking flows. All the radiation should be dumped in the sea after 200 years.
4For those who don't like the color changes. The game is styled off how the 50's saw the future, stuff like Mr Handy as well as the car designs are all what people thought the future would be like.pic relatedIt's the core theme of the games world. Any depiction of the future in the 50's even the 60's was very bright, vibrant and colorful. That is what the game is going for.Look at the trailer when it flashes back in the house. The entire scene looks like a 50's rendition of the future. All the game does is throw a nuke in the world and lets it decay and suddenly you have what F4 looks like.
main character speaksfemale MC tries to sound tough
1We're on /v/, you're probably right.You have the same odds as me though, retard.
0This is pasta
8female MC has Moira's grating awful ass voice
4Just wait a month or two until graphic overhaul mods are released.I just hope that maybe they didn't use the highest quality settings for the trailer and that it could be increased from what we have seen.
1Do people seriously believe Akrham Knight can get GOTY?Don't get me wrong, I absolutely dig the batman games, but we know what we can expect from them and we know they're going to be great.But I'm not sure about calling them GOTY.
2Where the hell do you retards find this shit? Literally nothing has been released yet there's always a bunch of people that come screaming into the threads about all this crazy horrible shit thats gonna be in the game.4First of all, we don't know that, that logically doesn't make any sense, I mean consider how much dialog you can have with just one NPC and how long it'd take to record all that and how much it'd bog down the game having to listen to both sides of the conversation every fucking time you wanted a stimpak. Second, what the fuck does that have to do with anything I posted.1Sure it takes one, but I don't think all the countries that ended up bombing the US all had a meeting and agreed to only drop one between the all of them, I'm sure it was hit several times. Between acid rain, black rain and nuclear winter a heavily hit area would be delayed a large amount in regrowth
3
9main goal of last game was restoring water to the wastelandit wasnt about rebuilding society
3hope that maybe they didn't use the highest quality settings for the trailerYou're in for some disappointment.
Looks like they'll make a thoroughly inoffensive sequel to Fallout 3 in the same way Skyrim followed Oblivion.We've only seen the short teaser but I think we already know exactly how it will play, for better or for worse. Depends how interested you are in current Bethesda, I suppose.
9delayed a large amount in regrowthNot 200 years worth. There is no possible way in any circumstance that DC would be as radiated as it is in Fallout 3, nor is there any way in hell there wouldn't be clean water, trees, grass starting to grow, etc. Shit dissipates after awhile, especially 200 years worth.
5 new Vegas was about advancing civilization every other game is about advancing civilization 3 is an abomination 4 might not be
0What is that? It looks amazing
6game companies do shit like that all the time though. They don't bother to use a high quality model the opposite of how Nintendo handles promo shit for Mario, that model is high quality.Look at pic related at 3Instead of actual editing the model to be high poly for a loading screen they just used the game mode.Same happened for the menu screen for Portal 2 it's an pre-rendered scene, they didn't use a high quality model.As I said, wait until it's modded to look better, happened with skyrim, F3 and NV so it will happen again.
4I just want to have a vehicle, I'm tired of moving around on foot in these fucking games.And I want to join the Enclave, because fuck Bethesda.
2I guess Nagasaki, Hiroshima, The Japanese Nuclear Plant, most of the Arizona and Nevada desert, etc. are all inhospitable environments due to the massive amounts of radiation still around. Even fucking Chernobyl is starting to be less radiated and people starting to go back.
9
5You are legit retarded if you dont see the correlation between sustainable clean water and civilization.
4Well Arizona and Nevada are definitely inhospitable wastelands...
2I'm digging the new look too. Hopefully this time it moves and feels like you're wearing hundreds of pounds of armor.It looked so goofy in Fallout 3 and New Vegas.
7But it's not because of radiation.
4People have been going to Pripyat the town next to Chernobyl that was evacuated for a while now.There is a safe route which is clean. If you stray off some parts have moss which is a sponge for radiation. It's helped absorb a lot of the stuff there but it's most likely deadly to stand near for too long will give you cancer in the long run.
4Nagasaki, Hiroshima, The Japanese Nuclear Plant, Chernobyl Literally all of those places had one nuclear explosion, the fat man and the little boy were relatively small nukes too.In the Great War literally thousands of nukes would have been used, that kind of damage is probably going to last a while.
The only thing I liked about what I've seen of the trailer because I haven't bothered to actually see the whole thing is that it looks like they're not just building shit out of corregated sheet metal any more.That annoyed me to fucking hell and back in FO3 and New Vegas. It's been two hundred years and the extent if building technology was picking something up from five feet away and putting it up as a wall. In a shithole like Bigtown, where no one ever learned how to do a fucking thing, it makes more sense, but a casino, with money rolling in, having torn wall paper on every single fucking wall?That being said, I'm fully expecting the actual game to just have the same repeated shitty shanty town building for every fucking thing.
8Well I mean more that people are starting to move back to the area to actually live as opposed to just visiting it. Either way maybe it has been longer than I recall, I lose track of time either way. The point is DC shouldn't have looked the way it did in FO3.
2did anyone see the T-51b power armor I'm hyped to see it on BOS members
2Assuming it can be put together that means it can be pulled apart. Imagine a monster ripping each piece off one by one.Also the idea of only having one arm covered whilst the over is completely vulnerable.
Question: Why was T-51b rare in fallout 3?Did the Brotherhood not bring some along with them or something?
8Mate you understand that plants need soil that has shit in it to grow right? And the nutrients in the soil would be gone after the bombs and the acid rain and black rain and general shit that comes after a nuclear bomb goes off, its not the bomb itself but the after effects. And there are plants in 3, just shitty little shrubs and weeds, shit you see in deserts and mountains, you know, places with little to no nutrients. The area is starting to turn around, though I do agree the water should be mostly fine by now.
4I like that it didn't lie to me and look absolutely amazing.I'm serious, after a generation and a half of bullshot CG trailers it's refreshing to see one that isn't building up to unrealistic expectations, one that actually legit looks like it was made in-game and not "in-engine" or some such crap.
4I think they're going to go with vault 111 being some kind of cryogenica experiment. Either that or the vault has ties to the Commonwealth and it'll be revealed that the player is an android
9Yeah, the green filter was bullshit. It was 200 years after the bombs fell, not 200 seconds.
7fallout 3 led me to fallout 1, which I greatly enjoy, so make of it what you will.
You play as an android.
9the bombs are explicitly said to be "relatively low yield" so on could say that all the bombs that hit DC, would equal about one Fat man, if they wanted, it's left up in the air so that they can say literally whatever they want in terms of any kind of bombs that you might come across.
9Thousands of nukes wouldn't have been dropped on one city, sure the country, but not a city, not even a state. Even with that many nukes the radiation would eventually have escaped into the atmosphere and dissipated after awhile outside of very heavy mossy and swamp filled areas, such as the deep south. Considering the time it takes radiation to seep through the ground, and the time in which FO3 takes place, there is no correlation between why it's a desolate as it is. Especially considering all water sources are apparently contaminated, even though that by far doesn't make the most sense out of anything. Considering there are plenty of aqueducts, aquifers, etc. and the fact that water is fairly easy to purify of radiation even with basic items. Besides water can't be radioactive, it can only have irradiated particles within it.You could easily purify the water with a container, fire, some clay around a riverbank, wood, and a blanket. All of which exist within DC. That is how simple it is to purify water, and can be done rather easily on a grander scale, and even if not, the water would naturally dissipate and filter itself due to it escaping into the sea and filtering itself natural of of contamination with underwater plants.
Seeing as it's Bethesda, I expect it to be dogshit, but I will say that I like that the world looks like it's actually being rebuilt, the art style is nice and I really like the new T45-d.All that said the writing in the trailer alone was cringeworthy, the graphics were awful, and I'm not usually picky about my graphics but there's no defending that disgusting hand in 2015, it looks like there will be a lot of junker cities again, which I'm not too happy about, but otherwise the tailer was decent. My biggest worry is a voiced protagonist, but really I don't care how good or bad F4 is, I just want it to come out so Obsidian can make another spin-off.
Overall it looks fine, at least they are being honest with us. Although, the animation really makes me mad. I feel like they port that jogging animation straight from Skyrim. That's really cheap.
The flashback shit looks nice, hope it's actually a gameplay feature. Everything else is unimportant.
2It wouldn't have depleted an entire area's nutrients to that effect. Besides there are trees and greenery in FO1/2 that are just fine. It just doesn't make sense why there is one little area to the north that is a complete forest, yet there is nothing anywhere close to that.
8Bethesda wanted to make Fallout 3 take place at the same time of before Fallout, that's the only real explanation I can think of.
0Presumably because, in their group at least, T-45d was predominant. It makes sense for them, but it doesn't make sense why it's so damned rare in sources outside of the Brotherhood. A fair portion of soldiers had to have had some sets, not just the ones buried in the Anchorage simulation and the other facility.
I'm glad the game does seem to show an emphasis on housing and rebuilding not just some shitty camp in a ditch. 3 and NV had perfectly good malls nobody was living inside but a shed was 50 meters away.I also hope there is a system in the game where NPC's actually interact with each other, not super advanced AI level but checklist and number level i.e one NPC needs one thing, they go and get it themselves, or even moving to various locations assuming they don't need to stay there for a job.The idea of NPC warfare and raiding could be interesting too. You turn up somewhere and there is a fight going on, or maybe you were too late and there is just an aftermath.3 and NV were too player focused, which broke immersion. NPC's would only do stuff IF it involved you, never being their own person. Major stuff would just pause for you to do side shit in 3 and NV which makes no sense. How it should happen besides major story crap is if the player is too slow to do something just have it happen without the player.
42Yeah, it's going to be pretty sweet. I hope they add lots of little details to it, like the sound of bullets ricocheting off the armor and the sound of pistons and metal when you run or jump. If anything you should be able to run faster in it because it's a powered exoskeleton, it's practically weightless for the person wearing it. This guy 4 has a good idea, the power armor should come with built in power fists, it makes sense.
2An average strategic warhead in 2077 had a yield of about 200-750 kilotons, but with a massive increase in radioactive fallout in place of thermal shock, much like a neutron bomb in our own world. However, despite the apparent reduction in raw explosive power, this arsenal was far more dangerous to the Earth's ecosystem, as it deposited far greater amounts of fallout in the atmosphere than had been assumed by pre-War models.200-750 kiloton payloadFat man's yield was 6.2 kilotons
New T45D looks sexy as fuc
8This. Fucking this.
2the bombs are explicitly said to be "relatively low yield" so on could say that all the bombs that hit DC, would equal about one Fat man,would equal about one Fat man,the fuck are you talking about.
2good eye m8
4Who else is excited?lol
6Sorry anon but if you want a circle jerk then you should make your thread here \vg\
So what are the chances that the BoS will be shining white knights again and the Enclave is back from the dead, again, and are super duper evil bad guys?
6lol
8Meanwhile.Castle Bravo15,000 kt Operation Castle48,000 ktTsar Bomb50,000 ktAlso Fat Man's was 20-22 kt.
What does everybody think about the return of the bobbleheads?
63lolyes I'm excited
9clean watermore important than finding other fucking survivors and building an actually society Sorry that you're retarded and can't see really simple shit
dont give a shit about graphicsjust want to play new Fallout game
2 Just noticed the shadow qualityJesus Christ how horrifying.
I hope they have an option to toggle your voice off, that's the only thing that bothers me geniunely. I like the colors
9I actually would love that. It'd be hilarious.
, 
Fallout master race reporting in. what are some flaws you can point out on the new fallout 4 protip you cant
the game doesn't even have a release date yeteven the developers don't know if it's good yet
of course i cant, i dont know anything about it
7They released a trailer yesterday
5The only thing I'm worried about is the MC having a voice but other then that the game looks amazing
7and it tells me fuck all about the game
7Which was nothing more than some snapshots of locations in the game and a cutscene.Trailers without gameplay are useless.
3Why you hating bro
4I do believe it was some in game footage they showed
4i'm saying i have no information to base any kind of judgment on, and thus i can not, in fact, point out any flaws as OP stateddoesn't feel particularly hateful
nothing LITERALLY nothinganyone who tries to say anything negative about it is a hater and most likely a virgin neckbeard still living in his parents basement
0Op here I fully understand
God tier game
5I may not be able to tell you why it's bad yet.But can you tell me why it's good?
9sequel to the universally acclaimed Fallout 3Bethesdaamazing graphicsguaranteed GOTD
4This
anyone who says anything bad about this is a fedora wearing obsidian cuck, who most likely posts on reddit and spouts memesprobe me wrong
6anyone who says anything bad about this is a fedora wearing obsidian cuckBut I am an Obsidian Cuck and I think it looks great.
People are preording a £50/$80 game with no release date, feature list, or required specsBecause it has Fallout in the titleThis is where we are folks
6Accusing of other of spouting memesUses "cuck"Good job, retard. Maybe you should be focusing on completing your remedial English homework instead of shitting up the thread.
6Vault 111 is also a way of telling everyone it will release 11/1/15 or 1/11/16.
9I wish this could be real
, 
Why did people jizz themselves over RE4's inventory when the whole thing was cumbersome and needless broke the flow of the game? The thing had you pausing and unpausing multiple times within a 3 minute span
Because its intuitive and better than a 2 weapon limit.
8I thought it was great. Its like a little game within a game. Rearranging all your shit to look nice and organised was really soothing for some reason, even if you had to do it again 10 minutes later.
8Considering how hard it tried to be an action game I felt that way too. I liked how RE5 did it better. RE6's was a fucking abomination though.
8cumbersomeSomeone tried to carry too many weapons with him.
3IntuitiveYeah let's seeHave pistol and see group of enemies with chainsaw guyPAUSESwitch to shotgunRESUMEShoot oncePAUSESwitch to grenade  ResumeThrow grenadePAUSESwitch back to gunRESUMEContinue shooting until needed to switchHow the hell is this ok in an action game?
83Everyone has OCD, you stupid faggot.
3How the hell is this ok in an action game?I like you
9RE5 was great in execution but the slot management was stupid. Eggs taking up as much slots as guns? Tactical vests eating up a slot?Weapon switching and forcing combining in real time was great
3Yeah it wasn't. Though i enjoy how re5 went about it and some of the short cuts I found for reloading I ended up missing the briefcase. I guess it was a love hate relationship. The more I think about the briefcase the more I realize it gave me ocd.
8I couldn't give a shit about the flow of a Resident Evil game. I'm used to it being idiotic. Loved the inventory management aspect. It was fun to rearrange shit between battles.
8RE5's was great simply because you could combine ammo to weapons to reload them. Getting to the point where you can flawlessly reload while in the middle of a context attack in mercenaries really changed the way I played the game.
8not as bad as tank controls where it takes you several seconds just to turn around
5I didn't mind it as much since I could just toss stuff over to a teammate temporarily. It didn't make sense in a realistic sense, but then again neither did RE4 where you could carry your entire arsenal in a single case. Also I didn't know people actually bought any of the vest. Seemed totally not worth it considering how many healing items they toss at you.
3It was never meant to be a straight up action game. Inventory menus were in place in every RE game before 4.
2You should probably just play tetris
I always hated it. It's neat that you have to actually keep it organized, but all immersion is lost because WHERE THE FUCK IS THE CASE ANYWAY?It would make way more sense if the inventory system from RE1 was used.
There will never be another Naughty Dog game with the same sense of atmosphere and lovable characters. ND only wants to make gritty games. How long till a Jak and Daxter gritty reboot?
I just said this in the Uncharted thread, this was Naught Dog's last great series. It's better than Uncharted in every way other than graphics of course.
Their last good console was the GameCube. Then they decided "Hey, let's fuck over our core audience by appealing to casuals with gimmicky motion controls on a re-skinned GameCube!"Ever since then they've been awful. Brawl, Super Paper Mario, Skyward Sword, Other M, New Super Mario Bros., and so much franchise-ruining games and too few new IPs. The Wii U is a joke console that somehow manages to be worse than the PS4 and Xbox One.I miss GameCube Nintendo.
5Insomniac were always better anywayonly 2 of the crash games were good and only the first jak and daxter was good
2Super Paper Mariobad
4CTR and Crash Bash was good. Which two do you think are good? 2 and 3?
Overwatch is going to be awesome.
7not on consoledropped
Nice job on the viewmodels and FOV
1It was made from the ground up to be played on console, what are you talking about?After the pc release beta test they will release it on consoles.
2
2tfw the classic smug pepe is becoming rarewhat a twist!
viewmodel can cover an entire player right in front of youWHY IS THIS ALLOWED
4It's a closed beta build, they can fix it after the millions of complaints they'll get.
Recommend me some stuff to put on my custom radio. Preferably simple things that can be nabbed from Youtube.I have shit taste for music. Enjoy most things in Non-Stop-Pop or Radio Mirror Park. LSRR is alright too.
3
0unironically liking eurobeat
3I listen to it while driving, sue me
35No bully, only music now.
, 
Wait a minute,...
NoA employee here. I have a few goodies for you about E3. This is what will be announced by Nintendo:- Star Fox Secure Wii U Winter release- NintendoWorld Wii U- Xenoblade X release date Sept.- Pokken not too sure about the date- Smash Bros. Bonus DLC character trailer Ryu- Reveal that two characters will be picked from the ballot- A small segment on Splatoon on upcoming maps and new game modes, as well as an extension of the single player campaign- New Clu Clu Land for eShop- New Starfy game 3DS- Fire Emblem If 3DS, info about both campaigns- 2D Metroid game Metroid: Pirate Swarm will show off a unique co-op mode where one player plays as Samus and the other plays as Anthony Wii U- Rhythm Heaven Collection is being released- Super Princess Peach 2 3DS- Animal Crossing Wii U announced, no title yet- Updates about Mario Maker- More info on the SMT x FE- More info on Devil's Third Oct release- More info on Fatal Frame V Aug release- Punch Out Wii U announced Dec release- Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon gets a Wii U release, with some multiplayer. If you have Captain Toad amiibo, you can download a new mode for it.- Big announcement will be Paper Mario Wii U titled Paper Mario: The Mushroom Caper. Goes back to RPG style, like TTYD. I believe there is a 3DS release too, but I'm not sure.- Big announcement for a new Viewtiful Joe, coproduced by Nintendo and Capcom Wii U- Each announcement will also comment on Amiibo will be incorporated- Don't be excited to hear anything about NX.
PROOF?
6AnthonyEverytime, I remember.
8Reveal that two characters will be picked from the ballotbe more careful next time sonvotes keep going until octuber
Super Princess Peach 2I want this
6TOP didn't say that, OP just said that two characters will be chosen instead of one.
8Shigeru Miyamoto hereAll of this is true, i can confirm.
1This actually sounds somewhat believable, and I really want to believe it is true.
sounds good to me, if it's true
8he posted it again
it's that time of the year again, I see
7Most of the things he listed are things that we already know that's why it looks somewhat believable, he just added some new titles from his ass and voila, he has a leak.
8Bill please stop shitposting just because you got fired.
8Anthony was the only good thing about Other M.
8My uncle works for Nintendo and says this is bullshit
Didn't even take a blurry photo of a printout/monitorThere was no attempt.
5No
1My mum is satoru iwata and she said it's all true.
8Each announcement will also comment on Amiibo will be incorporatedThat really brought the whole thing together. Good fake leak/10
8new Viewtiful JoeTHIS IS NOT GAME MOTHER FUCKER. YOU CANNOT TOY WITH US THIS WAY
8Man, Nintendo sure is shit these days.
Could you not?
A new paper Mario. That is all I will ever need niggers
1I think you meant no game.
Star Fox SecureI know Nintendo is shit at naming things, but I think they're better than that
Man, I'm so tired of this horseshit.The vast majority of NOA's employees don't actually know the full lineup any more than we do, you know, they keep projects in separate teams for that exact reason.
You have to mention puzzles & dragons or we know it's fake. Got to mix something bitter in to get the lie's flavor right OP.
8New Clu Clu Landthat would be pretty funny
9Does anyone give a crap about Starfy or Nintendo Land?
Have any of these E3 "leaks" ever been right?
Metroid game You didn't even try. 0/10
7Nope
8OP is legit, he's my dad, he works at Nintendo.
Even leaks don't mention a new Star Tropics
4Startropics is dead.
7No. Occasionally you get small leaks for single projects, but I believe the way they put these shows together is inherently designed so that only a few employees have all of the information in advance.
8new starfy gameThis is how I know you are pulling shit out of your ass.
2D Metroid game Metroid: Pirate Swarm will show off a unique co-op mode where one player plays as Samus and the other plays as Anthony Wii USure lets destroy the tense atmosphere of being alone on a planet/space station full of flora, fauna, and space pirates that want to kill you, not that I believe this is real, but come the fuck on.
8Every fucking fake faggot leaker forgets Fatal Frame! this shit is FAKE AND GAY!
Where's the game where you can do anything?
8- More info on Fatal Frame V Aug release
4Who?
8except OP didn't forget Fatal FrameOP CONFIRMED FOR LEGIT LEAKS
Do we have any info on the skills for the Nomura set? i've heard its a reskin of the J Pirate set so the skills would be the same.
no blurry picture of a computer screen at an angleIts like you don't want people to believe you
4A new Star Tropics would be cool tho it would probably sell like shit because most people don't know what the fuck it even is.
0Haha rekt
9That was already released.
Star Fox SecureMetroid Pirate SwarmYou must be about 13
7hair down green jacket samus
6My ass.
8Fatal frame August release? Too late.. Cant wait anymore...
Ryu fucking sucks. Why does Capcom get two characters?
8- Super Princess Peach 2 3DSWould literally buy a 3DS
RyuMore splatoon story mode, more hot wassabi beatscoolno Wario anythingfuck
Viewtiful joe 3no kamiyaDROPPEDROPPED
8as well as an extension of the single player campaignHoly shit, I want to fucking believe!
8Could Platinum work on it?
7Platinum, maybe. but Kamiya is busy with Scalebound at the moment.
Why do people do this? What kind of enjoyment can you get from writing down your shitty hopes in a thread by passing you as a NoA employee?
1oh SHIT!!! ITS SHIGERU MIYAMOTO THE CREATOR OF THE MARIOS!!!!!
9No one wants to read wish lists, so calling them leaks does you better.
9Because it's "fun" to speculate and that's it.
The only game I still care for is Paper Mario. So fuck I hope we're getting it for WiiU. It will make me buy the fucking console. Hopefuly its not on 3DS because that kinda makes it worse, and obviously hopefully it's also like TTYD and not fucking sticker star. If it like SS then fuck Nintendo and all those rejects forever.
the fucking tidal wave of bullshit insider leaks has begun
6Captain Toad amiibololwut
8Punch Out Wii Uplease be real
5Just two weeks before E3, i thought that we wouldn't have any leaks anymore.
9I actually like reading "leaks". It gets me hyped for e3.
1Thanks for confirming, its looking good
0hating additional gameplay modes
5they are so boring the real mini direct was full of surprises compared to their shit
6349008476157192All of these tryhards shitposting awayITS BEEN CONFIRMED BY SHIGGY YOU GUYSFuck sakes, and it was only a couple of posts in. Its like 90% of /v/ never learned how to readsource:1
5It will be an amazing e3 then.
7Re5
8i'd throw my money at nintendo for half of those titles without much deliberation. i desperately want a decent metroid game after other m.
8Co-op was the default mode.
7I play Metroid for the isolation, and if it doesn't give me that then it's not a Metriod game. This is why I absolutely hated Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, since there are other characters than Samus. Metroid Fusion barely feels like a Metroid game because the game holds your hand all the way through. Just give me a game where I can genuinely feel isolation, and I'll be happy again.
4Metroid Fusion was great
4you idiot he is noit creatorman of mayros he made lanhe hong, and sanic
2Except Zero Mission was so much better because you could do so much more in that game, and you could sequence break it like crazy.
8Xenoblade X in Sept.Animal Crossing UPaper Mario UIf this is true then I want this so bad.
5How would a new VJ not be a megaton announcement?
8Pirate SwarmThe Mushroom CaperL O L
Nintendo shit NEVER leaks.The only thing that has ever "leaked" was Mario Maker.
8still no skylanders/disney infinity type game that uses amiibo
My father works at Sony.The Last Guardian release date will be revealed.
7That is what NintendoWorld could be.
8How many Nintendo "leaks" have actually come true other than Mario Maker?
no announcement about project gardian being made by the former Sony staff that worked on Last guardianno announcement about street fighter 3 HD remake to tie with Ryu in Smashnot a single word about Bowser's own game debutno news about the next amiibo wave containing Ryu, Daisy, Goomba and Gokuseriously you don't know SHIT about upcoming games.
8New Starfy AND Viewtiful Joe is too good to be true.Asshole.
7That's literally the NX project, no more "games" to pay, you just buy figures, scan them, and unlock downlodable games + synergies with other games.
8And the Smash roster. Also the 1st of April Direct.
3Anon there were only 2 good paper mario games out of the 4. It's time to let go.
8NO MONSTERHUNTER WIIU? CRAP E3 I HOOPE SONNY PICK THE IP CUZ NINTENDO IS KILLING IT !!!!!!!!!
a real NOA here, op is a liar don't listen to him
Just had a thought stem from that fake Metroid bit: What about a Metroid style game where you and a partner pick up upgrades like normal, but there's only one of each? So you can stick together and trade upgrades back and forth or split up and explore on your own. If you split up maybe you could even prevent your partner's progression - intentionally or not. You could turn on your partner and shut their ass down while you hoard upgrades and then become the boss instead.
3What about Mario & Luigi? At least you still have that series for Mario RPGs.
8star fox secureyou deserve every lost sale you get for that travesty of a title
1that NOA employee's boss, he's a lying shit
10-11 new gamesBlatantly fake. You'll get 5 max.
8how much did they butcher xenoblade x's localization? any censorship?
6My dad is Nintendo.
1Give a single new leak that i will see at the digital event, i'll give 5 bucks if it happens.
8Viewtiful Joe
hey there it's me Bill TrinenAs you all know my job has been Retconned to a kid and I was fired right after the mini directSo fuck it I'm gonna spoil itMario maker has power ups throughout all the 2D Mario games presented and can be used in all 4 gamesSmash trailer for Lucas, Wolf, Roy and Ice Climbers, followed up Ryu in the end of the direct just like last year with PalutenaNext Level Games is working on a sequel to NintendolandRetro is working on a sequel to Metroid Prime PinballSplatoon 3 maps, paintbrush and variations, and new game modeStar Fox Galaxy heroes, more vehicle focused but still on rails, will feature multiplayer similar to 64 and will keep Krystal as a good character and not drag her personal shit into the storyPaper Mario Curtain Call, classic Paper Mario style with partners and story, features the audience from TTYD as a gameplay mechanic, also features 2D side scrolling sections from Super Paper Mario and sticker puzzles from Sticker Star, it's worth noting its still from the C Team that made Sticker Star, they just got their shit together
, 
LITERALLY UNCOUNTERABLEWhy is this allowed?
/vg/
Gyro fuck the hell outta him.Even AM destroy it.Git gud.
What went wrong? How did this manage to be worse than Brawl in every way?
0awful single playercustom moves are extremely boring and lack any creativitycustom moves are hidden behind massive RNG wallsnetcoding is still mediocreonline interface is pure shit; you have almost no optionsgame is sluggish as fuck and it takes forever to kill anyoneway too floaty; characters can make it back to the stage from ridiculous distancesit's 2015 and most characters don't even have alternate costumesalmost all the new stages are awful or ruined by some gimmick; many of the stages would be great if they didn't transition at all or had no boss characterscreate a stage is arguably even worse than in Brawl
0
0he exact thread with the exact picture. Just stop.
0I'd enjoy it if the defensive options were nerfed significantly. The air dodge spam and the fact that you can approach by holding out shield killed the game for me. Even though Brawl was flawed for being slow it had a lot more depth. Doesn't help that it has the worst single player in the series. Melee had unique break the targets and Brawl had SSE. This has some RNG generated gimmick matches as it's best offering.
the worst part is that people think its good because of the new characters. thats literally the only thing it has going for it.
To have silly options for custom battles you have to spend dozens of hours grinding out moves and equipment with the effects you want. You can get doubles, and there's no guaranteed way to increase your chances, or trade in doubles you don't want.
0But it's fun.Really, I'm just a rosterfag at heart, and with all the new characters I like, I vastly prefer this game more, even if the defensive bias is complete bullshit.
0I wasn't aware costumes is a requirement.
0Nice shitpost, both the competitive and casual scenes are growing at an exponential rate not even comparable to Brawl's. The gameplay is literally a straight upgrade from Brawl's with offensive play becoming more rewarding, tighter controls, higher gravity, hitstun, more/better stages, 8-player smash, better character design, more characters overall, and much more musicThe only thing it lacks is good single-player modes, but if you're playing a Smash Bros. game for single-player modes and not even unlocking anything you're hugely missing the point of a multiplayer fighter.
0Something about it feels sterile. I don't know, I can't put my finger on it.It just feels... "eh."Something about it feels sterile. In brawl there was so much dramatic feel to it. The subspace was blah, but the work they put into it didn't go unnoticed. The dramatic music, the excitement all made brawl interesting and dynamic.SSB 4 doesn't feel that way. It feels like it just came out because it 'had' to, and here was the latest version, hurray. I really like SSB 4, but there are a lot of things that are 'off' about it.
This entire game is based around down throw to U-air.Its not a fighting game, it's an extremely defensive grab and wait for opponent to attack d-throw to u-air.
1it's an extremely defensive grab and wait for opponent to attack d-throw to u-air.Smash 4 is anything but defensive now, please take a look at any competitive Japanese match metagame is vastly more developed than the west's or even any newer western competitive match, you'll see that purely defensive play is highly inconvenient with players learning that Smash 4 provides tools to circumvent playing cat-and-mouse with overly defensive players.
8you mean the highly advanced japanese metagame that got curbstomped by scarflard and m2k?
6That's cheating m2k and Zero are just the best at every god damn Smash game
6mfw Diddy in Smash completely ruined my love for him as a characterWhy are his sounds so annoying? He's so fucking obnoxious.
3I'm someone who competitively plays Melee, Brawl and quit smash 4 after learning the matchups which took a few months.It's a game I want to like but after that point I completely lost interest unlike those games which I still play.What you feel is part of the whole game even the FD theme isn't exciting or memorable like Brawl was. You could see the level of innovation in each of those games. Smash 4's new innovation was removing stage hazards and platforms completely. It felt like something just to appease rather than to excite.
5hitstunOn what moves?
8Most of them? Do you know what hitstun is?
3Pretty sure even brawl had more hitstun, dude.
but I thought everyone was shitting their pants about how good smash U is
3Is there? I can't even tell since the only time you can possibly get true follow ups is from throws.
3Even good things can have flaws.
6Melee, brawl, and sm4sh all have the same hitstun multiplier. Brawl had a coding error that allowed you to cancel hitstun with another action after 15 frames. Sm4sh has issues of most moves having a long cooldown + weird base knockback
6Brawl featured hitstun cancelling, which meant hitstun was basically non-existent and combos were impossible.8I don't think you play the game much, a lot of down-tilts and up-tilts allow for followups, jab-locking exists, and pretty much every autocanceled or low-lag aerial allows for true combos and followups. Hitstun is harder to take advantage of, yes, but saying you can only follow up off of a grab just means you don't play or even watch competitive matches.
091Reasons to not talk about Super Smash Bros on this shithole.
4a lot of down-tilts and up-tilts allow for followupsUptilting comeone ten times in a row isn't a follow-up and most characters can easily just throw out a nair if you try to do anything other than an up tilt.competitive matchesWhere they do flowchart follow ups dependent on opponent DI and improper reaction because with the virtually non-existant hitstun coupled with the ending and start up on almost everything for every character in the game there's only a select few predetermined possibilities on comboing opponents with certain characters? jab-locking existsAnd is being actively patched out.
84Those guys are pretty much right, only the better character in the game have true combos that don't start with a throw.
5Uptilting comeone ten times in a row isn't a follow-up and most characters can easily just throw out a nair if you try to do anything other than an up tilt.Most low-lag up-tilts that don't launch too far can often combo into aerials at higher percents. Also a succession of true combo-able up-tilts is by definition a followupWhere they do flowchart follow ups dependent on opponent DI and improper reactionAre you implying reading an opponent's DI doesn't take skill? This exact same thing also exists in Melee despite being less prominentbecause with the virtually non-existant hitstunHitstun modifiers haven't changed since Brawl, or even Meleethere's only a select few predetermined possibilities on comboing opponents with certain characters?Combos are less dynamic than in Melee, but what does this even have to do with the argumentAnd is being actively patched out.I'm sorry you don't know what jab locking is
Worse than brawlNo trippingHopping on top of someone is actually usefulBetter ledge mechanicsCustom moves and overall better contentBUT MUH ADVENTURE MODE
worse than BrawlHeh.
0MeleeMeleeMeleeI don't give a fuck about Melee I'm talking about Sm4sh, where lack of hitstun, large lag, and hefty knockback on small moves makes combos few and uniform making matches just boring neutral battles baiting for one of few opportunities which at low percents will get you an early 40% on an opponent. The game is entirely just neutral poking until someone can get one of their flowchart openings, at best. At worst neither character has flowcharts and it winds up like Dabuzz/Abadango battles.
6worse than Brawl in every waynew characters are the only good thingAll I hear is retardation.
4Combos other then D-throw to X and up tilt chaining are rare.
I played with japanese and American players and its still the same thing D-throw to X and up tilt chaining.
0i know it's best practice on the internet to present your unsupported opinions as accepted facts, but this isn't even remotely within the realm of reason. like, you're a pioneer is wrongness and obtusity. you are truly alone at the vanguard of being totally in error. you are the first to tread in this area of wrongness. a bold explorer of being absolutely witless.
0Because it was rushed to hell and back + apparently nobody dares to disagree with Sakurai on anything.
Daily reminder that "the absolutely based Iwata who should totally be in control of Nintendo" sucks Sakurai's dick and basically is completely happy with the way he makes Smash games.you don't like where Smash has gone, looks like you have to blame the man in pic related for letting this happen. It's all on his head.
Are you literally retarded?
Because why put in effort when you can put in Kid Icarus shit?
30Gamplay wise it's fucking impossible to be a worse spectacle than SSBB. The removal of gliding ensured that. For every Rosalina and Villager stall match you do see quite a few aggressive players. Ironically, Scarflard has the best offensive game out there.
0game is divided into two types of characters; the characters who are fast, high damage, lagless, high-priority, and have huge hitboxes on attacks and excel at neutral game or have gimmicks like super armor or pushing attacks- and those who are/have anything but these things. The first group will always shit on the second group of characters, always. There is no getting around it.air dodging is way too god damn safe
0It has online 1vs1. That alone makes it better.
9Except the new cast is shit. I still dont know how people think its good.
I like it
0you are fucking overly retarded you can beat any character with any character its not about any of that jesus you people take party games too seriously it makes me cringe. go play brawl then enjoy your slipping
7Somebody criticized my shitty game, oh no!Oh, I know, I'll say it's a party game so it's exempt from criticism! It's the perfect defense!
How does /v/ feel about death battle?
meaningless wank.
/v/ hates everything
Watching Death BattleIt's bullshit. Spare yourself being annoyed.
6I enjoy the animation and the great content and information in the videos, but I agree with you.It annoys me how uneven characters are going against each other. Sam Fisher is a modern day soldier who isn't over the top fantasy. He's a highly trained assassin with a lot of brain. I don't like MGS but even I know putting Snake against Sam was obvious Snake would win.
4shit
They have never once been wrong. Prove me wrong.
link 
4Seem fair but still bullshit on some degree. Snake is the better soldier no doubt but Sam is the better stealth operative
Both Snakes fights people with mother fucking super powers. Fisher just kills guys with guns.
9Goku lost to Superman
4The better question is, if both Snake and Sam Fisher were assigned by different organizations to assassinate a VIP WITHOUT letting the other operative get the kill, and Batman was guarding the VIP, which of the three would come out on top?
8Snake, of course.
3The thing that irks me about these is the setting. There can't really be a winning character in these kinds of battles. If Sam was in a stealth oriented settings he would win. If Snake and Sam fought in an open field Snake would obviously win.Also Sam is much older than Snake so Snake has that advantage.
8----47 would.
0Not an MGS fagIsn't Snake just the same thing?I've never seen anything implying Snake is completely superhuman in any aspect, although it may be because I haven't played the games
9That's true you fucking Weeb.Superman is pretty much as close as you can get to a god.
8Batgod stomps them both with preptime.
4He's got supreme equipment from an entirely different universe giving him an unfair advantage on every level.
4He's a clone of the greatest soldier in the world. That's why Agent 47 vs. Snake would make more sense but then again, they specialize in different things.
4Snake isn't exactly superhuman but he has superior gadgets and shit, and has a history of taking down giant fucking robots. Sam's good, but they're just on different tiers of the kind of shit they have to deal with in their line of work.
9Doomguy lost to Master Chief
9cap vs batsnot total bullshit
7This is why I like Fisher more. He is just a highly train, intelligent assassin. Rather than an over the top soldier.More games need characters like Sam.
5That's not wrong and I fucking love Dragonball to death.
4He blew up a tank with grenades and killed multiple super humans along the way
4Theres this autistic guy at my work who wont stop telling me all about it, so naturally I hate it.He makes YouTube videos of himself watching it. Should I post it?
3So boring fuckers?You could just play CoD or Battlefield.
4It's a stupid concept but only because they do it right.It remembers what retarded fanboys forget, THESE ARE OUT OF UNIVERSE. They compare two people as if they were equals in the same universe, when they aren't. The best Call of Duty protagonist EVER would have his shit pushed in by Master Chief, because they're completely different power levels.Comparing X to Y doesn't make sense if X if from a world like ours and Y is from a world like Asura's Wrath. Fanboys will insist their character should win because they're "Better" rather than based on the universe comparison. Snake will beat Sam Fisher because in Sam Fishers world he's the worlds greatest assassin, in Snakes universe he's the world greatest soldier, on earth that wouldn't be that impressive, in Splinter Cells universe that's not that impressive. In Snakes universe that means killing Ninja, ghosts and Nuke-Mechs
The death battles are never wrong, however, it is all setting based fights. Most of the death battles have a character put in a setting that happens to give them an advantage.
Who would win in a fight between Sam Fisher and Michael Thorton?
4Heck.
4He kills a spirit made of fire and hatred with regular army gear. He fist fought a guy who could control electricity and fire bullets out his hands. He's a normal guy. In MGS' universe. Not in the real world.
3He makes YouTube videos of himself watching itWhy the fuck would anybody do that? I don't understand.
4gay
7Sam isn't boring in the slightest. He has a lot of character and throughout the series you are able to connect with him. In CoD or battlefield, you never connect with your character and a lot of that has to do with it being an FPS.Sam has a lot of character and heart.
I don't know if this explicitly proves that Solid Snake has super human powers but damn.Also, Big Boss did OHP MG Zeke in PW.
5The guy in the video is Solid, not Naked.
4Let's put it this way, Snake's a clone of a guy who can bench press this fucking thing.
4The kind of shit Snake deals with wouldn't be out of place in a shonen manga. Sam never stood a chance.
Solid Snake only won because he is the more popular character.
7Bare in mind CoD and Battlefield the characters are basicaly "Our brave men and women" rather than actually well written characters like Sam and Snake.Sam actually gets an impressive amount of character development in Convictions despite it being a meh game
6Screw attack is biased towards the less popular character winning though since it gets more enraged fanboy clicks.
5Actually good point, Solid has faced less supernatural stuff, but he still took down a legitimate telekinetic/telepathic freak, the worlds greatest sniper, a cyborg ninja Sorta and survived being microwaved to death Lets face it he should have died
9doomguy losing to masterchief goku losing to supermanThey're either complete morons or they deliberately go with the obvious wrong choice just to rile people up. They need clicks
9Peace Walker sucked so much
4The HD version's controls make it more fun to play and TPP seems to be fixing all the issues everyone had with PW.
4Snake knows CQC
6You're half right. They pick the combatants to make fanboys mad, but there's been 0 illegitimate wins Bar the retarded Pokemon thing because they just pick two people who flat out aren't on the same level. The Gaara/Toph episode is the best example. The things in Avatar are flat out more powerful than the things in Naruto. That doesn't have any impacts on feats, but it does when comparing the two. Avatar regularly deals with gods and spirits, the biggest thing Naruto deals with is monsters that could destroy the earth probably maybe.
3goku losing to Superman is wrongAre you retarded? Superman is one of the mos powerful fiction characters ever. Goku stands no chance against even modern Superman.
5I've only played the HD version and you're right, the controls are decent. It was the gameplay, story, voice acting, and dumbed down cqc that just made it an absolute chore for me to play.
3Superman is literally 1 skill point away from being a full blown God/Deity.Goku is an anime character.
38Except they did the fucking math to prove it. There is literally no debate. It comes down to "Goku is this strong" and "Superman is this strong"Superman is the more impressive character IN DC UNIVERSE but not in DBZIf you honestly think it ever comes down to anything but math you have brain cancerThe worst character ever written would still beat god if he was written as "Is stronger than god"
8Sounds like TPP is fixing all of your issues with it.
I saw the one with Nightmare and Gutts Gutts got almost burned once Gutts received an attack to his body in full power to kill his enemy once let's include both in the fight as the main moments of battle hurr dur no one will see we are so awesomeIt disgusted me to say the least
1What?
9Kirby/BuuThey pretty much jumped through every hoop to make Kirby win.Superman/Goku wasn't though, just because Superman will always be "lol I was holding back" no matter what.
8Turns out the VIP was actually the Joker in disguise and he was the one to hire both Snake and Sam Fisher, and it was actually just a huge prank against Batman. It ends with all of them uniting against the Joker latest scheme and then the Joker disappear and everyone thinks he is dead but nobody can find the dead body.
0It is. My only real complaint with TPP is that it's doing missions in the same way that PW did them. I understand that you can fit in more stuff in the game when you do it like that, but I preferred the way older MGS games handled it.
2Goku actually is a God!Didn't you see battle of the Gods?In the new movie, he actually surpasses God power!
4It's dumb. Snake deserved the win though. Twin snakes is cannon, and he did so much bullshit flips that he has to have the flexibility, endurance, and leg muscles of Superman. Nigger backflipped over a giant doorover a rock hurling towards him landing on the stock of his sniper rifle before 720 quickscoping WolfBackflipping onto a rocket before jumping off of it to fire a missile
4It's kind of needed in a game like PW or TPP. Half the fun of upgrading your equipment is going back to old missions/bosses and kicking their teeth in.Hell, going to town on a mission in GZ with a rocket launcher after getting the A or S rank needed was loads of fun.
Well that one was gonna be obvious.Still I wonder how many tears would come if it was the reverse.
Sam Fisher is humanSolid Snake is more than a super human.
6mfw doing the AA mission while spawning with the Rocket Launcher and the Rifle with the Grenade Launcher
fight starts jiggaboo music starts playing
0yeah. they should have used the Drive soundtrack
4snake would not kill sam he would probably knock him out whole shit was retarded also snake would have won
That ass inflammation
4Fun to watch on occasion, but they're shit at actually figuing out who's the better of their fighters.There is no way Toph would win against Gaara. That's coming from a guy that would pay to lick Toph's feet and thinks Gaara is an annoying edgefag.
, 
So many talk about Fallout 4 and we are not talking about important issues in the gaming community? shame on you /v/.
Will there ever be another E3 announcement that will create as much butthurt as when FFXIII got announced for the 360?The game was shit/meh but I still remember all the reactions after it happened and it was great.
There was last year.Squeenix did a big build up to a FFVII remake only for it to be a new PC port.
Conker being shown in the Project Spark trailer.
6I'm still aggy about that one.
56Still nothing compared to the FFXIII announcement. People went insane on both sides.
I remember early PS3 adopters petitioning for the 360 and PC versions of DMC4 to be cancelled because it was "their game" and they "felt betrayed" because the "true fanbase" was the Sony userbase.
Vib Ribbon being used to lead into 30 mins of shit about F2P content and movies at Sony's conference
5?tfw the 360 and PS3 versions ran smoother
I wasn't a gamer during that time. What happened?
3Did they do anything-- ANYTHING-- with Vib Ribbon in the last decade? PSN release, ports, anything?
2They put it on PSN, but it was unrelated to what he said at E3.
4
in a few days when silent hills which will be a shit game ends up on bone
5Shit, you serious? Fuck me. I only just recently learned about The Last Guy recently too; great $10 gem from 2008, I didn't get a PS3 until 2010 Thanks, man! Will download this for my PS3 and Vita.
Not E3 I think but people went ballistic when Bayonetta 2 was Wii U exclusive.
6The PS3 version has the audio-from-CD importing feature too.3/v/ went into meltdown at that
9Oh dear.
0that was proven false
5And now they hate kamiya and harass him nonstop oh twitter
9It was 8 years ago that final Fantasy 13 came out. I was only 10 years old.
4Kill yourself.
1I hope so. That game was going to be sony good.Meaning shit since sonyggers have low standards
9millienials literally are allowed to browse my /v/do you even remember the ps3 price announcement
6Bayonetta 2 and Bloodborne
2No. Wasnt it like 400$? And people went crazy? I only remember the slim ps3 announcement.
4Help, I can't find it in the PS Store... just some shit game called "Vibes"...
remember the 8.8?
8Sony is da good guy Neva du muffin Wong
3Good times.
Dark souls on pc.I have never seen so much sheer assmad.
5Well to be honest I am a xbox gamer only. Never really thought about the ps3 one bit. Heard it was nothing but Japanese junk like the Wii waggle machine. I just wanted a true gamer centered console that was social so I got the xbox 360.
1Smoother than 300 fps on toasters? Are you sure we are talking about dmc4?
2 my /v/
8Shut up sonygger
2Disregard this, it shows up in the market on PS3. Just had to purchase it via PS3, then download it for Vita next, via the download list. For some reason it does NOT show up on the Vita's PS Store. Ah well. Thanks again, 5
5What about when people found out it was a godawful port?
120098 years agodo you even know how to do basic math?
9You realize "go awful port" was "exactly the same as the ps3 version" right?Besides dsfix came out less than 4 hours after launch and fixed 90% of dark soul's issues, the only one left after that is the broken mouse controls and framerate locked at 30 fps. Framerate was fixed 2 weeks later, and every pc gamer already has a controller for emulation.
1so 15? MOOOOOOOOOODS
5The PS3 had all the button prompts in the tutorial be from the 360 version?
Warhammer total war ScreensAt least this one has color not like shitty filter 2.
5
53
135done, what do you think?
5ONLY FOUR FACTIONSNLYFOURFACTIONS
55Also, goblings flying in the background
I hope Chaos isn't only represented by "Khorne" or "Tzeentch". I don't need full armies, but there better be units representing all 4 Dark Gods.
5VC? Khemri? Lizardman?
Looks great.
3flying units remember how well they managed boats ?
5wait for the 10€ factions packs7chaos arent playable
5nice, haven't scaled down any of the monsterscan't wait for my trolls to vomit on 'umies
7Its what they should have done in DoW 2, play Chaos and decide which god you take to get different upgrades.But oh well, looks like thats to much work and effort
7and necrons. turns out its a world the necrons hibernated on. there were no survivors
5that feels giant
5Eh, I am okay with 4. The jump from 6 model skeletons to 24 is a huge improvement on the franchise itself. Now in these 4 there better be subfactions.
7Wait, skelebros are in?
1no clue thats why Im asking, dont care for the other factions
The interview it's in spanish, they talk about how ork campaing will be about mantain your WAAGH level fighting non stop, if not your army will fight bewteen themMaybe for orks there will be no money but WAAGH lvl
1Vampire Counts are in I think. They appear in the trailer.
5have you ever wondered why strategy games with wildly different species only have a few factions?
11yeah, vampire counts are in
1noThe only factions will be humans, dwarves, orcs and vampires
7vampires have skeletons
14 factions are Greenskins, Empire, Vampire Counts and Dwarves.They will probably announce a pre-order faction like Chaos.
7vampires fight with zombies and skellingtons and other spooky units, the fuck are you talking about
5They said 4 races and the factions within the races will be playable.
6They will probably announce a pre-order faction like Chaos.the rest will be DLCI hopeI mean come on, Dinosaurs sell, always
7no lizardmenFUUUUUCK
7VC have skeletons retard
BBBBBUT ITS NOT HISTORICAL.
6But it has skelletons dragons and ORCS!
5they said they're planning for it to be a trilogy, so perhaps they mean there'll be 2 full game-sized expansions where they add more factions and by the end there'll be a full roster of warhammer armiesI hope
5They're making standalone expansions that apparently combine with the main game to extent the grand campaign map.
098By saying skelebros I was asking about Khemris not flamboyant blood-drinking drag queens..
36Okay. Fine, now it needs to not be complete dogshit.Lets see if they can do that
5They are planing 2 Fall of the Samurai tier expansions to it, standalone. 1 will probably be High and Dark Elves, and the last will be Lizardmen and Skaven. Those last two will need new model skeletons
are there firearms in this
2CA is hit and miss about this stuff. Most of their games have had a really buggy launch like RTW, M2, Empire, R2 and even S2 had problems and missing features at launch.
No lizardmenDropped.
1Kind of. Empire has some.
5I like how those human soldiers are not escesively overdesigned bullshit
2weren't Tomb Kings abandoned by GW?
1There are pistols and steam tanks.
Still no love for Bretonnia.
1Dwarfs have no magic and instead rely on gunpowder technology
7Depends, modelwise? Yes abandonded.Lore wise, they are led by Nagash now.Lizardmen on the other hand, took their shit and left that hellhole of a planet, lorewise.
2Dwarves have craftsmanship magic.
is there a skeleton faction
0I mean they're not casting spells during battles
8Transylvania vampires have access to skeletons, zombies, vampires, and ghosts.
8There are Tomb Kings but they aren't in the game and I don't think they will be as GW has kinda dropped them in Endtimes.
6"this isn't sensible, this isn't sensible at all"
Can't wait to see the release version after TW2.
8used to be a dedicated egyptian skelebro faction, but now skellies are just a unit type in the vampire faction
I'll be happy to pirate it.
2015No skaven
7Rome 2 looks pretty good now. They took out the piss filter.
7No chaos, no buy.Was really excited aswell, what a shame.
7expansion my freindand skaven are getting thier own left4dead style game?
I don't have a huge knowledge about the warhammer universe, but are they supposed to have guns?
5It says they're stirring in the north, so probably just an enemy faction. Not playable though from the sounds of it.
4Skaven are in Mordheim which came out a few months ago, AND Vermintide, AND are a huge focus in End Timessomeone at GWHQ fucking loves Skaven
6Some of the factions are in a Renaissance type age.
4Im greedy and I want Skaven in everything though. Yeah Its most likely that the rats will get their own expansion.
5Keep in mind when Attila was coming out people kept claiming the Huns were a nonplayable faction and they actually turned out to be a playable faction.
NO SKAVEN THEY HAD ONE FUCKING JOB
6yes, it's meant to be more late medieval/renaissanceThe Empire has a decent amount of gunpowder tech, and Dwarfs are all about turtling with great defensive melee units, accompanied with rifle units and siege equipment
7They'll definitely come in a dlc, calm your tits.
waah my fav faction aint inlook you little entitled shits they cant do every single faction for release and do it wellCA fucking MADE UNIQUE ANIMATIONS FOR EVERY SINGLE FACTIONS UNITSThese niggers are fucking dedicated to making this game good. So let them do their own thing. All the other major factions will 100% be DLC anyway once they are done and at a quality level.
warhammernot 40kDropped
040kTotal war
0FUCK YOU
0No one cares.
3Who doesn't ?
1Fuck your models and your dlc you jew
5I can guarentee you chaos are playableEveryone thought Huns were AI only before attila came out. And CA didnt say they were or were not until release.
1Whats working for CA like?
I hope this game lets me make custom formations with different units in them
2Brettonia has been squatted. My local store don't even sell their army book anymore, it's over Anon
9kill the furry jew!
6No one cares.But you responded
5310Oh this is a crossover with like historically accurate armies fighting god knows what from WarHammer?I thought it was all WarHammer stuff just in a Total War gameplay/genuine
040Kid
2No. The humans you're seeing are the empire. They're renaissance styled.
5Expect it to looks much shittier than the promo screenshots though.
6ROME II would been really good if CA they didn't blow their money on irrelevant PA, like that fucking documentary video.
5ONLY FOUR FACTIONSGood. I'd rather four factions that are actually unique and play very differently, compared to 12 copypasted ones that are all just variations on the same basic thing.
9lizardfag
2That's The Empire's troops you're looking at.They're highly influenced by early modern HRE
7Day one DLC.Forces of Chaos PackKnights of Bretonnia Pack Howl of the BeastmenFury of the WAAAGH!!! Expansion coming soon.
getting hype for a CA gameYou will never learn
4 factionsMight pirate after the first 10 bugfix patches or so.
59th edition only has 6 factions.1 Chaos : Demons + Beasts + Mortals2 Elves3 Empire4 Undead5 Orcs and Goblins6 SkavensDwarves, Lizardmen etc etc have all been squatted.
4Knights of BretonniaYou wish kek. No one cares about Bretonnia
9They literally just need to copy the fucking army books for how the factions fight, they don't have to spend one minute balancing the game because it was already done for them
4I think this might be the time when I go full goyim and buy everything. Normally if I buy dlc at all I wait til it's 75% off.
Is this gonna be End Times or actual WFB
3Dark Elves, Wood Elves and High Elves one factionSand Kings and Vampire Counts one faction
1Heh, but you can bet that they'll pull a stunt like that. Elves are probably gonna be in a campaign DLC for like 25 bucks. And extra units will come later if your willing to spend more if course.
0i dont play the table top or TW gamesWew. You're stupid.
0I agree, but not sure how well those rules would apply to the real-time game.
3Lizardmen havent, they were seen at the Warhammer World with some models having round bases, thus confirming the theory that they are in for the 9th edition.Dwarves are rumored to be part of the Empire now, so they wouldn't be squatted
0Yes, but they need to make completely different skeletons, models and animations for each faction. A dwarf will be totally different to an ork in terms of workload.It's not like the other Total War games where they can just make models for: human on foot human on horsethen just put different skins on them X however many factions
3Just wait at least 3 months after release. You know how publishers are this days. Sell now fix later/never
Who eek eek here
0I think Vampire counts took over sand kings for some retarded reason.
7I have a 2500 point Skaven army cretin 9It's all there, attack ranges, initiative, accuracy, damage, movement
0you fucking idiot, you can't just translate a tabletop game into a video game like it's nothing.they also have to spend a ton of time making models for all the units. they've already said the number of skeletons used for models has gone up from 6 in old games to 24 for this, that's a massive difference.
2Sucking the boners of the sand kings more like.
5Sure? Pretty much everything I've heard and read said that Lizardmen had been squatted. AlsoCircle basesMaking WHFB play more like 40kFucking disgusting. WHFB is 10x the game that 40k is.
2Nagash came and fucked everyone up.
0They literally just need to copy the fucking army books for how the factions fight, they don't have to spend one minute balancing the game because it was already done for themhello
7wants ratsposts Slann
not 40kgeneric Tolkien shit insteadCoooool
5here's your reply
4I think it's for only certain type of units, I'll dump some pictures
5oh wow i didnt know they were making this. im all over it on release
5TolkeinGenericFuck off filmfag
4source on that9This game is set up pre-end of times, so pobably lizarmend + night elves expansion
540k doesn't have a single original idea, it's just fantasy in space. Orks are orks, chaos are chaos, eldar are elves, nids are space locusts #2413, and so on, but because it's in space every faggot is all over it for some reason.
1
1Crazy, pretty much everyone said that 9th edition is 6 armies with Lizardmen squatted.
Take the general release date and add a year or two into that. Then you have the date where you can actually play the game.You're welcome /v/.
0
81 will probably be High and Dark Elves Entire expansion pack is just elvesThat would be something I would skip without hesitation
34Frankly it wouldn't make any sense, Lizardfolks are a pretty popular army, Bretonnia in the other hand...
i can say that this game will be a definite day 968 pirate
so this is likely to be the grand campaign map? at least to begin with
6Well it would add new units to the other faction but primarily add the 2 or 3 Elf factions they want and a campaign. I think an actual story campaign with narrative could be really cool for this. I really want to see the world map, with 4 factions I am having a hard time thinking how it will pan out because I don't see Orks/Greenskins polishing up cities as much as razing them ala Attila.
1Those leaping GreatswordsWHO STRIKES LAST NOW
no 9th ed will have both rank and file units and 40k circle dudes?
9Nah
2Aparently yes
0BalanceWarhammer table top.Lol noWarriors of Chaos, Daemons of Chaos, Dark Elves, High Elves are clearly at the top tier while Tomb Kings, Bretonnia, Beastmen, Wood Elves are shit tier. Like how in 40k Eldar and Tau are OP as shit.
4Fucking hotties...
4Well they definitely won't show the whole world because that would reveal what an uninspired pile of shit it is. Like they couldn't even bother making an actual fantasy world.
7Cause putting all that shit in space and giving them guns makes all that generic fantasy shit interesting
5WFB
0Tolkien wasn't generic but imitating him for the thousandth time is
0IndNipponfuck trying
0they never should have bothered with anything outside of the old world, it's the only part that they actually spent time designing
5The better question is if this is 9th edition or 8thET.Since by the time this game is released 9th edition will have been out for probably a year or two, it will be interesting to see.
0nippon
7so 9th edition is supposed to be after chaos ate the whole world?i hope felix made it
class="quote"We never intervened, aside from one wonderful exception: the Doom Diver Catapult. This is a Greenskin siege unit that flings suicidal goblins towards their enemy with a surprising amount of accuracy, as the goblins themselves guide their trajectory. In both demos the developer manually controlled one of these goblins as they flew towards their demise, with different results. It looks like a really fun unit to play around with, but importantly showed that this was all in-engine.all in-engine
2No they didn't.Longtime TW fan, been following this closely
0NorscaArabyNipponIndPls tell me this is fan made or something
5If WH Fantasy humans are on the tech level of fighting with halberds, how did they not all get killed by huge monsters yet?
8they have gunpowder and wizards
8Will said something about it
7nice, they really are adding in all the units
Whats the Night Lords of fantasy?
0I actually like when games do stuff like this. It's like giving our world an interesting fantasy twist. Those names are lazy as fuck, though.
8We know empire has some subfactionsalso:It will not be 4 factions: Just to restate. We have announced races, not factions. Say it with me everyone: Races, not factions. -Will CA
0Gross. If it were identical to earth, or completely different, I'd be fine with either. This is just retarded.
8They have gunpowder and steam engines
5I can't remember, were Vampire Counts confirmed?Need my skelly legionNeed my zombie legionNeed my crazy as fuck Mortis Engine and Coven ThroneFUCKING ZOMBIE DRAGONSAnd magic powers raising dead troops to fight for you.
6There based on Early English names for the region.Hell, "Old World" and "New World" ring a bell?It's Europe and the Americas.
7I've actually never played any TW games, I was just hoping someone would provide sauce on the factions since I'm kind of interested, thank you
Oh, and magic! Magic is absolutely huge. Early on in the fight we saw a goblin shaman devastate an entire unit of Empire pistoliers light cavalry armed with dual long pistols and forced them from field. Later on, his Orc counterpart would call down the 'Foot of Gork' to destroy a very heavily armoured steam tank in a single stomp.GORK AND MORK SPELLS CONFIRMED
187This makes me moist.
1YesThe Warhammer World gets shattered on a dimensional level during the climax of the End Times. No more "map of the Old World" - it's now little bubbles of reality, where pockets of civilisation try desperately to eke a living before the next collision with another bubble, which may be full of Chaos.Also apparently the bubbles are tied together through the "world root" or something so that is how they can also communicate and travel to each other.I think it's actually somewhat of a unique and cool concept.
9No shit, Sherlock.
8That's the point though.Warhammer world is supposed to be a fantasy analogue to our own.
34Claims things as fact based no nothing but rumours on fan sites which exist for click bait articlesDoesn't even bother checking factual, objective, evidence to say otherwiseYou fucking disgust me. Fuck off.4Wrong, nice try thou, good job also spouting bullshit as fact without any supporting evidence.You're the reason why such rumours exist.
Holy shit they seriously didn't even tryAlso shota city of fujoshi island
0Yes, the announcement trailer had a vampire on a spooky dragon.
9Night Lordsshit tier order, they only fight against civilians
7pro-tip: nothing outside of not-Europe matters one bitwho knows why they ever even bothered completing the world map
8They should just remove bretonnia, fucking 12th century knights in a 16th century setting, they also look so retarded, I hope they don't add them.
7that does sound pretty niftyhopefully gw doesnt fuck it up
9No.You're such an underage newfag you don't know anything.WHFB has been around for 37 years. Protip, it used to have 34 factions.9There is none, really. Neutral factions are close. Vampire Counts I suppose.
0They should just remove Orcs. 10th century Barbarians in a 16th century setting, they also look so retarded, I hope they don't add them
0albion poetic name for Great Britainnorska means Norwegiannippon means, cool story, brokislev a Jewish holidayind, fucking indhow can GW make such awesome designs, yet not come up with a decent name?
Im so fucking sceptical after the disaster that was Rome II Total War. If this ends up being inferiour to the Medieval II Total War mod, Creative Assembly will be dead to me.I've never been so let down before.
7What do you mean try? Warhammer World is just fantasy version of our world.You would know this and has been this way longer than you've been alive.Fuck off.0Most likely combined with Empire.8Nobody even fucking knows, everything is rumour, until it's fucking out I wish people would stop posting shit.
0Orcs are orcs, they are big ass creatures that rely on brute force.What's the excuse for humans to use outdated armour and equipment when their fucking neighbours are rolling in steam tanks and cuirasses? It's just retarded.
8I hope miscasts are in
5PoeticIt's what Greeks and Romans called Britain before Romans renamed it Britannia
1Yes? Doom Divers are old as fuck.9Races. Not factions. I fucking hate /v/.
4they said something about the spells being somewhat random, so hopefully that means you're basically rolling for spells at the start of battles, because then that might mean miscasts are possible
5If it's anything like Mark of Chaos, it'll be shit. Honestly, I do not understand Games Workshop. They should really make a full boardgame to video game translation. They could even go full jew and charge per army / model and I'd still fucking buy it. It would literally print money and it wouldn't hurt their original business since people want their physical figures.
7sure, but nowadays, you only see "albion" mentioned in poems and such.
9I hope cannons won't explode half the fucking time like in tabletop
2Game made by a veteran company with AAA budget in 2015 is going to be the same as some game made in 2006Why are you even here?
2yeah, it'll be just like Mark of Chaos, made by literally whos
7I hope wizards won't explode half the fuciking time like in the tabletop.
7if they do, I hope it's because they're fucking powerful
2You want to know about Bretonnia? or are you just bitching? if so, I'll enlighten you then.Their Knights are not low tech. Bretonnians have great metalsmiths, the armor of a Bretonnian knight, while not full plate like the Empire's, is a Quality Cuirass and chain mail. This is reflected in the game. Their barding is more than just cloth, it's mail. Their warhorses are some of the best in the game. So while they're somewhat less armored than Imperial Knights, they are better mounted and much more skilled.But of course, you're one of those autistic shitcunts who thinks "Outdated" means "Totally worthless" like everything is a video game.A Lance is still a Lance.And beyond all this, Bretonnians gained a Ward save, aka MAGICAL PROTECTION if they spent the first turn praying.And yet you say "Well Orcs are tuff" as a reason to see why Plank shields are in any way worth shit on a battlefield with people wielding Steel weapons.. or better.
07I'll remain salty until proven otherwise. That game severely burnt me.
8order
7roll a miscast on my Warpfire Thrower weapon team runs into my giant ball of slavesdetonates killing 20 slaves the rest panic
7Are you a fucking retard?They don't explode enough on the tabletop, that's why Monsters are useless.
Here's the album goys
140kids cannot keep their shit out of a real Warhammer thread.
7Im so fucking sceptical after the disaster that was Rome II Total WarYeah but Attila is the best in the series, proves they can still do good when they try.
2Because earlier this millenium economy was good and GW produced more money with its little plastic and metal men. Guys at GW were optimistic and wanted to expanse their product range with more Specialist Games® and more factions in their main games, see Ogre Kingdoms.Now economy is shit, Specialist Games® are dead, metal men are resin men, instead of Necromunda we get Mordheim nothing wrong with it, I just wanted Necromunda, Space Hulk Ascension lacks multiplayer and for some reason Warhammer 40,000 Regicide exist and gets good reviews.
5that's a nice troll you got there
5I see a lot of "tercio" like troops, cuirasses, morions, poleaxes.I wonder if we'll get the more flamboyant landsknecht type troops
2Games Workshop doesnt want their video games to compete with their minis.6speaking historically, chainmail is vastly inferiour to plate armour. In the warhammer cannon, its irrelevant.I love Bretonnian knights and they were powerful as fuck. And rightly so.6on that engine? Im not convinced. Go with unit collission and actual weight to units or go home.
6I wonder if we'll get the more flamboyant landsknecht type troopsDid you not see 1
5Games Workshop doesnt want their video games to compete with their minis.Two entirely different markets.
5Attila is the best, if you don't believe us pirate it and see for yourselfYou need a good pc though
6Not to GW, they're led by a crazy cabal of old business.
5Go with unit collission and actual weight to units or go home.Attila's proved they engine can handle it fine with tweaking. Every version of the engine is different anyway.
2I mean with the feathered hat and flamboyant coloursThat still looks like a tercio with a zweihander
0This is actually more interesting than a completely new, uninspiring fantasy world. I mean, who gives a shit about all the generic fantasy worlds people have made? Doing it like this provides the feeling that... I can't really explain it. You know what's going to be where, but there'll always be a twist you don't know beforehand.Also why the fuck is finland jewish
84 models£2.50Those were the days.
6yes, you know that. I know that, but the old fucks running GW dont.0units sliding away from one another isnt the same, and Im not sold on them having actual weight. Ill check it out but im sceptical. Honestly Medieval II is the bar I hold TW games to, at least for unit movements and weight and such.
0Which is just sad, as they're sitting on some of the best lore and it's being squandered. I mean I love the shit out of Warhammer, but all I've ever done is read some of the books and play with one of my friends sets because having figures means literally nothing to me and I don't really want them around. And I know for a fact I'm not alone.
4Because Finland is actually not!Russia
8MorkGork
7Now4models50€
7Well, to be fair here, those were 4 horribly sculpted monopose metalic models
7The hobby is so unwelcoming to new players now. They might as well just make a tabletop video game with all the pieces unlockedalthough I wonder if anyone has made that mod yet for the tabletop simulator game
So imagine the scale and scope of your typical Total War battle – you’ve still got swarms and swarms of basic troops lined up across the battlefield preparing themselves for flanking attacks and charges, but the Warhammer universe gives things a chance to get much more exciting. Incredibly powerful units like Karl Franz on Deathclaw provide flying support to the ground troops, while massive arcane constructs like the Luminark of Hysh fire blinding white light, ripping through enormous giants that threaten to flatten, eat, and crush knights and pistoliers.Oh my god I'm getting hyped, old me /v/
1units sliding away from one another isnt the same, and Im not sold on them having actual weight. Ill check it out but im sceptical. Honestly Medieval II is the bar I hold TW games to, at least for unit movements and weight and such.M2 Unit collision was a buggy mess though
0You'll just have to deal with it I'm afraid.Personally, I think it's for the best. Video Games Dilute down interesting stories and settings into the most banal and shitty elements.Look at this thread for example, look how many 40kids come in and whine, look at how many faggots whine about Skaven when anyone with sense would know they wouldn't work.Video games are a Mistake, and I wish Warhammer is used as sparingly as possible.4WHY ISN'T THE HOBBY HYPER CHEAPBecause then we'd be getting the shitty clone wars sculpts of yester years.
1Units slide around in the older games too. Attila fixed the issue anyways.
1 M2 unit collision, goodAttila is objective better in that regard
4thats ok, Id just play with cardboard cutouts anyways if I knew anyone who wasn't an autismo that played itknow some people who playthey're all grey knight neckbears
4look at how many faggots whine about Skaven when anyone with sense would know they wouldn't workAssblasted Lizard-thing detected
4How would Skaven not work?
6old meHere you go
2That's some nice painting skills right there.
2anyone play the vermintide game? is it any good?
2Because Total War is about territory battles?Skaven not only don't do this, they don't need to fight overworld at all, making it entirely one sided and shitty to fight skaven.
is divide et impera the only mod worth downloading for rome 2?Should i just get cucked on attila instead?
4Its not Finland, Kislev is pretty much 100% Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Down to the winged hussars and two main cultures - gospodars poles and ungols lithuanians
8A good deal of the creative lead left the team.I know that guy that directed Medieval II left their team.Are the Shogun II guys still even there?Seems like they just hired a bunch of new guys and said fuck it.
9Drachenfels
3das freakyFirst of all, we're dealing with a much greater variety of units than Total War has ever seen before. That tested rock-paper-scissors infantry-ranged-cavalry approach is probably going to need to see a few adjustments. Just look at the Greenskin infantry and you'll find a new variety of units. A cavalry charge against a band of goblins works, for sure, but how about trolls? Trolls are massive, hard as nails, and they vomit acid all over the place when they get a bit upset. Total War hasn't prepared us to deal with acid vomit. Nor has it taught us how to combat giant Arachnarok spiders or indeed, actual giants. It's superb to watch, but managing that many distinctive units in real-time sure feels intimidating.
7What's the context for the gif?
7Attila is better in just about every way, except setting depending on what you like. But in terms of mechanics it's miles better.
6I know that guy that directed Medieval II left their team.Medieval 2 was made by an australian team, they were never in the team to begin withThe guy in charge of warhams is the guy from shogun 2
4watch the show anon Rome HBO/BBC0alright, setting isnt appealing to me but ill give it a chance
3mostly during sieges, esspecially on walls.Im not saying its flawless but the general weight and mobility of units is important to me. In Medieval II on the normal open fields shit was fine and you could usually even hold a vague formation. They felt like a unit, not a group of individuals which I think Empire and Shogun II felt more like.I hated everything about Rome II and I was under the impression most of it was due to the engine, and that they had changed it for units to just slide away from one another and it looked just as shit.
Oh, and magic! Magic is absolutely huge. Early on in the fight we saw a goblin shaman devastate an entire unit of Empire pistoliers light cavalry armed with dual long pistols and forced them from field. Later on, his Orc counterpart would call down the 'Foot of Gork' to destroy a very heavily armoured steam tank in a single stomp. Total War has seen generals with active abilities before now, but it's never seen anything close to this.Mmh, this might be a bit too much, a steam tank in one hit?
1Why are you so obsessed with the unit collision? Unit responsiveness, working charges and better sieges matter way more to gameplay than the old unit collision. If you can ignore all that is shitty with medieval 2 then you can ignore the different unit collision in Attila.
1Well at least in the tabletop magic is extremely unpredictable and can even backfire.
7It's pretty fun. Saving up money before a war and disbanding armies after actually makes a difference. Try downloading the faster battles submod if you think it takes too long.
3I've watched rome, and I even recall that scene, but I don't remember why pullo and verenus acted like that.
1Apparently magic can only be used in specific parts of the map, which is randomized before the battle starts. Atleast that is what the PC Gamer article sounds like
3spoilers i think cleopatras baby had been born or some shit, its been awhile for me aswell. pullo is the father ini4for the mod? kk ty
29I'm afraid magic might be incredibly frustrating especially in multiplayer, imagine getting your whole unit wiped because the enemy left clicked on it"You will start small." says Roxburgh. "Although the Greenskins, for example, are a single race, there are many factions or tribes within that that you'll need to beat up or assimilate into your own. We don't feel that you should start a Total War game with too much to manage. We want you to build that up yourself and know how everything came about."From what I've seen so far, Total War: Warhammer could be absolutely outstanding. When you play the tabletop version, this is what we all imagine it looks like and that's an amazing thing to capture. Total War and Warhammer can work, this demo has shown me that. I just hope it's a fair representation of the final game.
6because unit collision is a necessary part of working charges?
5. In Medieval II on the normal open fields shit was fine and you could usually even hold a vague formationYeah but those were the only circumstances it really worked in. In a tight space the collision would freak out and was responsible for a lot of game breaking bugs. It's still mandatory to play with a battle timer in sieges, because otherwise the collision can bug out and the battle will become un-winnable.
2Right, I remember that shit. Pullo best legionnaire.
6Did they fix that "every soldier duels honorabru with one enemy" thing?At least units don't form now huge blobs of men when in melee.
1But the charges in M2 were and still are it's most broken feature. They almost never work.
1When it comes to medieval 2, apperantly not.
5Thirteenth!!!
mercenary captainsscripted events and invasionschaos uniting eventbeastmeneach province is its own faction, largely the same but with some unique unitskislev is uniquethe Emperor has his own army in addition to the provincial armyborder princesbretonnian knightsskaven and tomb kings being addedProvinces can fall to Chaos and be restoredengineers guildsteam tanks and other unique reward unitsChaos Dorfschaos daemonsVampire family members serve as necromancers and revive 80%-ish of all casualtiesThis is included in the mod, it had better be included in the actual game.
5PulloBest LegionnaireBreaks formation
5They toned it down in Attila.
5Yeah, that was changed back in Rome II
still giving money to the Creative Jew
7pathing during sieges has always been shit, stay away from the walls and the gates and it works fine.it did fine in the tight streets.
5chaos not playable, why even live?
0Thankfully, the Winds of Magic that power spells are concentrated in certain areas and not others, and randomised before each battle, so that wizardly-dominance can’t be relied upon. Magic is going to be about controlling specific parts of the map and giving up others if you want to use magic.
5It works fine in Attila it did fine in the tight streets.See webM 3
5muh mo-capped bullshitI wish they had just focussed on the actual fucking game more.
5I've played rage of the dark gods, it was pretty shit, the sense of progression wasn't there because you could field almost everything immediately and the balance was all over the place.Orcs getting outnumbered by dwarves and the like
9cherry picking
6Why are you so obsessed with the unit collision?Because some autistic Australian guy made a ranting video about 'muh collision' some time ago and since then it's become the main complaint that people bring
warhammerno gunsno vehiclesshit factionsWhat's even the point
2Not him but that was pretty much every siege.Gate broken or breach, AI would funnel everything and the so called unit collision would spaz everything making everyone slide and act like glitches
4I am actually afraid they will remove it completely in warhammer. I kinda like it, but yes they should mainly focus on the gameplay
1LE SPACE MUHREENS LE HERESY XDDD
8being this bad
2cherry pickingHappened whenever a bunch of units are cramped into a single space. The rigid collision can't handle it and they start pin balling around. So basically in every single siege, especially on the walls and around the gates.
2Medieval 2 main problem is that sieges are always shitty, boring and broken. GET THE FUCK DOWN FROM THE WALL YOU SLOW FUCKSEvery medieval 2 siege ever.
5Those graphics look like shit. 0/10, only casuals will tolerate the hideousness of those graphics.
5i refunded medieval 2 after the first siege
0I thought casuals only cared about graphics and maybe story.
I think the Attila sieges are the best, shame they happen rarely because the campaign AI is reluctant to attack walled cities with garrisons in them
8I can still enjoy the game but my fucking god the sieges always piss me off.
WHY IS THERE NO CHAOSI NEED MY WOC
4I hope that will be changed next patch
0What are you, a newfag? This is /v/! We're the most hardcore out there and all we care about is graphics!See: Bloodborne, Witcher 3, Fallout 4, Splatoon, GTA V, Fallout 3 & New Vegas, State of Decay, Bayonetta 2, Dragon Age: Origins, RAGE, and almost every other game to come out since 2006.
2NO CHAOSThey are in but not playable right now.
2There is. All the "4 faction" shitposters, are, guess what, shitposting.Will said "races", not factions. WoC are human. Therefore, they're under the Human faction.They're in the fucking trailer, why are you so retarded in taking what /v/ says as truth?
4They are pretty good and the AI can actually do some pretty great stuff like protecting its flanks when attacking your city or sallying out with a few units to destroy your catapultsIf they are lightly defended
4They're in the trailerBut for all you know they're going to be like the fucking Mongols in Teutonic M2 and unplayable because they're the "canon" enemy that you have to work hard to overcome when they make 8 death-stacks on turn 35 and establish a huge territory from their scripted "HERESEY SPREADS THROUGH THE LAND" entrance.
4Well said goym, you earned your shekels today. We will inform your employers that you deserve a raise.
4Yeah I've noticed some pretty impressive stuff while playing
Polish of Shogun 2 Mechanics similar to Medieval 2 Each faction has it own special mechanicsPut more than 4 fucking factions in the base gameHoly shit it's not hard to not fuck this up CA. It's fucking simple.
9Well people said the same for Huns in Attila and they're playable
1no gunsThere's guns out of the ass.Just look at those screens you dick.no vehiclesDitto. Though none present in the pics.
7will the game still run on the shitty warscape engine?will units crashing into each other still look like scripted shit?will i have to capture stupid flags on the battlefield to win?will siege battles be broken again?
1Atilla is also a joke of a game because they just literally copy pasted Rome 2 without a filter or two and said it was a new game worth $60.But please try to say they'll learn from their mistakes. How many faction DLC's have we gotten in the past 3 games? Like at least 4 or 5 for Shogun, like 8 for Rome 2? I disliked Rome 2 so fucking much I didn't even buy Attila, and I'm so fucking skeptical of this. Chances are as soon as it fucking flops I'm going to go reinstall M2 and their russian warhammer fantasy mod.
47You think I give a shit unless they are playable?
Someone brief me on recent Warhammer lore. Is it true the fucking apocalypse happened? How'd that even go down, and did it lead to a reboot or something? I keep hearing about major factions being gone in the new edition.
OP didn't post this one.If anything the strange fantasy landscapes will make the game more interesting again.
8Foot of Gork
47chaos had better not be undivided or be limited to one fucking god
7The Apocalypse has happened several times. There is a lore reset afterwards.
7The whole fantasy world got eaten up by Chaos basically. Lizardmen went to space, Skaven went through some portal, Elves all rekt, Dwarves and Orks rekt, Nagash and the undead got rekt, Archaeon basically won but there are hints that Sigmar/Franz is still alive somehow.No news on what is going to come afterwards, we are all still waiting to hear.
8Tzeentch is the only god worth worshiping anyway.
7Basically, everyone is dead in the current state of the lore.Chaos won
0Tzeentch is a pretty cool guy, he gets all the birds
0
2I don't get this, if Chaos is the manifestation of emotion and shit then why would they want to kill everyone? Wouldn't that significantly decrease their power?Or is it different in fantasy?
5Khorne and Nurgle were in shitty moods and decided to finish the long game asap, with Tzeentch and Slaanesh more dragged along involuntarily.
5kill everyoneThey want to turn everybody to their worship and re-craft the world in their image.
6No, Khorne straight up murdered everything in the world down to the very last tree and blade of grass.
0Battle and 40kBalanced
5There are other worlds, it has even been implied several times that the fantasy world is set in the 40k universe
5faction=raceTHERE IS ONLY ONE FACTION IN SHOGUN 2, ROME 2 AND ATTILA, OH MY GODReikland, Middenland and the black and yellow one already make 3 faction, fucker.
3Everyone got fucking squatted. End Times destroyed the entire setting and they're going to rebuild it from the ground up.
1GRIMGOR!!! YES!!!
6But they destroyed everything in the End Times, they literally turned the world into nothing.
6The guy in charge of warhams is the guy from shogun 2This makes me a lot less nervous.You criticize Shogun 2 for a lot of things, but it at least had the basics like a good UI. Rome 2 can't say the same.
HAMMER OF THE EMPERORWho do they praise in Fantasy Warhammer? I dont know shit about it.
6My dick.
7Their city is between estalia and tilea, so they will be not playableuntil the skaven culter pack, giving the Moulder, Skryrr and eshin clan for only 7.99$ !!!!
6Sigmar and Ulric are the two big ones in the Empire.
6Who do they praise in Fantasy WarhammerSigmar, same thing really.
8Longtime fanMeans you know all about the game
6Sigmar. And kinda Ulric. Sigmar is quite literally the exact same Emperor as 40k, just instead of space and power swords you have skellingtons and ratmen.
540ktotal warexplain me how it could work
7read this.
0Tzeentch only gets love in fantasy
5They fixed that in Rome 2 dude. Attila has shorter less intricate animations that can be interrupted instead of long duels though. Looks nice seeing like 5 guys hack some dude down.
3The same way that Shogun 2 did guns. Have you seen how fast max-vet French Marines fire? Make it a little bit faster and make them get accuracy penalties for moving and firing. BAM ITS 40K.
WarhammerWarhammer is the Naruto of /tg/
6Well Skaven all worship the Horned Rat, their sole deity, while secondly worshipping whoever happens to be the leader for the next two weeks before getting backstabbed and then shanked in the middle of a fight.
7Nah, that's Warmahordes.
7That's Warcraft
0If Warhammer was Modern Warfare it'd be called Warhammer AK-47
7No /tg/ you no longer get shit done, you been dead for many years nowAlso 7 is right
3I'm kinda happy how the orks went out. Orcs did pretty good. Lead by Grimgor, they start out fighting Skaven but get mad when they leave for the surface invasion so they decide to head East and fuck shit up.Grimgor kills the necksnapper and takes over his Waaagh. Backed up by the eastern greenskins he gets into a three way fight between chaos and the Dragon Emperor and stomps around Cathay for a bit and razes Nippon. After conquering the east Gork tells Grimgor to head west for even greater fights. Along the way he also becomes the incarnate of beasts and gains the loyalty of all major Ogre tribes.After that they assrape the Chaos Dwarves and free all orc and ogre slaves, increasing his Waaagh to well over several million greenskins and all major Ogre tribes. Gork & Mork challenge the Chaos gods for dominion in the east and win.Heading west, the Skaven attempt to trick the greenskins into attacking the Elves but Malekith tells Grimgor that "He's da best" but if he really wants to prove it, he should fight Archaon instead because he is going around saying that "He's da best".Grimgor beats the tar out of Archaon one last time before he dies. The remaining orcs or at least Grimgor's Imortulz fought alongside the remaining races against the chaos forces as the world came to an end.In the end, they died like all good orcs should. Stuck in the thick of it swinging.
0no drop podsno teleportationno camono summoningget fucked
7Medieval 2 was made by an australian branch that went on to make shitty sonic olympics games before shutting down. The team that made S2 is the same one that made Rome 2 and RTW and Empire. The team making Total Warhammer is a new team. I don't know how CA's structure works and if devs shift from team to team but it seems that way since I played an arena game with the art director from Barbarian Invasion onwards.
6Not him, but is this sarcasm?
5at least its not total war: tiny faction stomping 2
The only thing I dare to be hyped for is the unit quotes. Even Arena has some good unit quotes like "FOR THE ETERNAL REPUBLIC"mfw imagining Warhammer quotes in stupid, over the top japanese voices.
0HURR LINE INFANTRY BATTLES ARE NO DIFFERENT THAN SQUAD BASED MODERN WARFAREDumbest post I've read all day and I just came from [s4s]
8implying STEEL REHN could make you win a fight any better than normalimplying you would have the time to get teleport packsimplying camo even does shit in 40k regardless of what game is trying to mimic it, literally everything in the universe has a way to make you get seenimplying it wouldnt be as simple as pressing a button on the world map to summon shit, or pressed a button in a gameGet fucking rekt
7chaos isnt playableremember huns arnt playable?kek
5Not him but with my time playing Attila I've seen the AI send light cavalry to scout me out, try to flank me through woods, flank me in cities, and generally spaz out less than they do in older games.
7No, that would be Pathfinders.
1But this time it is different.Chaos has always been difficult to represent in games due to censorship and moral panics.
7I love how in both fantasy and 40k orks are the only "happy" guys in the bunch.They live the way they want and give no shits about everybody else, a good fight is all they ask
6my feelings exactly, i love thinking in attila, "oh so this is just the downfall of the byzantines in medieval 2"
1Orks are the only true victors of 40keveryone else is miserable or delusional, but the Orks have exactly what they want and get it consistently
4squad based modern warfraeWell that's your fucking problem then isn't it? Do you really think they would get the actual 40k that everyone plays Dawn of War for in a Total War Game? No, because at MAXIMUM you have 100 people TOTAL in the war for the Spess Muhreens. The few times you'd ever get more than a SINGLE company you're capped at 1,000.If anything, were 40k to make it into Total War it would be Warhammer 30k and it would be during the Horus Heresy where chapters had no limit and the Ultrasmurfs could easily shit out 100,000 people to go attack an Iron Warrior stronghold.
7Back to your quest threads m8, your board has been a joke for years.
1that gifi dont want to fap again anon
Goddamn i love me some fantasty warhammer.If this is as good as the fan made warhammer mods for rome and medieval 2 this will be the best shit ever.
8Oh, you've topped yourself in stupidity.It doesn't matter how many fucking soldiers are represented. You could have a million man army of Space Marines on the screen and that wouldn't change the fact they use squad based tactics and would at no point just stand in a line and shoot.A good large scale 40k game should be something like Wargame or World in Conflict. Not Total War or Dawn of War.
1Yup, all the people who argue over which faction is going to win eventually in 40k fail to realize that the orks have already won. The galaxy is in complete chaos of perpetual war, a paradise for any ork.
9no
8Here, let me set the mood. :^
81sauce please
8It will work better as a Wargame type of game. Total war is about tightly packed units moving in formation + hammer and anvil strikes for the most part.
9Chaos has always been difficult to represent in games due to censorship and moral panics.Bullshit.
840k makes no sense for TW because the existence of fucking space flight eliminates all tactical nuance on the fucking overmap, you colossal dipshit.
2What is the Imperial guardalsoa million man army of Space MarinesGood job of showing you have no fucking idea about anything 40k related.
8296951728seconded
2Warhammer 40k: Apocalypse battlesWargameWhoa, stop anon, my dick can only get so erect.
2WargamegoodHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHA. Wait are you really serious? If you send 1,000 space marines at a fucking Hive Fleet there won't be any fucking squad based tactics. They turn that "squad based tactic" of 10 people into a "company based tactic" of 100, where all of your tactical marines stand in a line and shoot bolters while your devastators stand in a line and shoot heavy bolters and plasma cannons, and your scouts sit in a line and fire sniper bullets, or aren't even in the fucking battle doing scout shit. I'm sorry Captain Titus, but battles in 40k are not 10 tacticool operator squads working as 10 separate squads on the battlefield. It's literally make a firing line and shoot shit, then when they get in melee range because they outnumber the space marines 30,000,000 to 1, YOU HAVE TO FIGHT IN MELEE.
8There can be more than one winner.Not that there will.
9Attila plays very differently than Rome 2 and only costed $45 at launch. You would know that if you actually played the game instead of talking out of your ass.
8Zone.
5They didn't call it Total Warhammer
9Total War is their trademark or whatever.
8very differentlyOh, like how? It's like literally the exact same time in history and it's still run horses into the flanks and instantly win.I don't have to play it to see this. Watch any of the several dozen guys who play Total War on youtube. Guess which game they always go back to on their channels? It ain't anything recent. It's always M2.
0pssh-pssh.. nothin personell..man-thing...I'm dying here.
5It's always M2.That's becuase M2 has the best mods. Nobody plays vanilla M2 because it's garbage.
4thanks m8
3Jokes on you all they play is vanilla VH/VH campaigns
Oh boy, another set of bullshots. Remember how great Rome 2 looked pre-release? Or Attila?
9I know, but it was the perfect chance to combine names for one game.
2Or AttilaExcept Attila turned out to be the best game since M2.
5same time in historyJesus christ you're retarded.
2Attila looks great.
0None of you fucking babies probably know that Warhammer hasn't really taken itself too seriously in the past. The grimdark with little to no tongue in cheek is pretty recent. This applies to both fantasy and 40k. I mean it's originally a fucking miniature wargame, the fluff was just thrown there.
9That's what Imperial Guard exists for you mongoloid.Space Marines are shock troops.That's why they lack proper tanks, that's why they use so much transportation equipment teleporters, jetpacks, land riders, rhinos, land speeders, drop pods,.... and that's why they only use mobile equipment unlike Astra Militarum who have units that actually set up their weapon platforms.You know shit all about Warhammer, enjoyable game design, lack common sense and top it off by knowing nothing about Warhammer 40k as well.
2implying attila is bad kek
I'm cautiously hype
7WHICH MOD
9Rage of Dark Gods.
I dunno why peiple think there isn't unit mass. There is literally an adjustable mass stat for all units in Attila and formations increase your mass.
Is it acceptable to get into Warhammer if you have no gf?
I thought warhammer was in space, what is this deal?
3It's not people's job to figure out what's wrong.That's what CA devs are for.It doesn't matter what people call it, anyone with eyes can see something's not right and they should get around to fix it by any mean necessary.
2kek
8Anyone with eyes can tell that it works perfectly fine
4Warhammer 40k is in space.Just like Warcraft is the fantasy original with a sensible name and a straight copy of Warhammer, for that matter and Starcraft is the SCI-FI derivate.Warhammer is the original fantasy game named after Sigmar's warhammer and Warhammer 40k is the SCI-FI offshoot which inherits the name partially.
9We all know this is the true name, anon.
80
4do the one where the companions of the ERE get rekt.
4Why are they holding their spears so far back?
3So the guys in front of them dont get stabbed.
04And people are complaining about it just because they feel like it?I've not been lucky enough to witness a cavalry charge in my lifetime so I can't really say what a thing like that looks like but even elementary school physics say that neither of those videos of yours look anything like a real encounter of a massive and small object moving at great speeds against another lighter object, possibly bracing itself.
5Shouldn't the people at the front at least be bracing for the charge
2Not the anon who made these, don't have that sorry, I just saved them from a previous thread3People are complaining because they are wearing a pair of huge nostalgia goggles and don't remember how shit old collision and charges were, here's your physics.4They do if you put them in formation, they were idle.
3Well its a good thing horses are not unthinking machines. They dont slam into stationary sharp sticks with the same impetus that they do into loose order soldiers running away from them.
8Alright then, that's good.
8At least post the ones with the elephant if you have them, also there is nothing wrong with the given collision in this vid.
8Realdead outside of yurop
1Horses plowing through like they have nothing in front of themRunning in placePeople literally FLYINGYes, nothing wrong, and you complain about physics, just shut the fuck up please
8That song got me into electro swing.And that flash got me into that song.
91Here have some moreWow so realistic, that superior collision, lol.
1That collision detection, man this is some good shit, especially the guy that keeps running and the guy that swings at the air
9thin as skellingtons must weigh the same as heavy infantry
7Then aren't they planning expansion packs that add new factions like how Dawn of War 1 had Winter Assault, Dark Crusade and Soulstorm and in the end they all fit together and yet you use all the factions in multiplayer right?It's limited to four factions because don't they need to make a unique campaign for each race, and they all need unique models instead of just being able to recolor the model to reflect it's faction like they can get away with in more realistic settings?
the collision autist is here spaming his webms
2Kek those guys in the back were being unintentionally smart
Whats important is will units actually fight or will they just shuffle around each other until they enter a synced animation?
1A horse can't slam into something at full speed, anon. It would break its own ribs.Horseys aren't cars and cavalry charge isn't the same as you moving down pedestrians driving in GTA.A cavalry charge can only be executed against a loose formation so the horse has some space to move through, or with some sort of thing making way like a lance.Let me put this simply.Get on your bike, get to full speed and smash against some fence or a low wall.See what would happen if a horse rider attempted 4.
So are skeletons going to route? they're skeltons
7The people being obsessed about the unit collision are the real autists in my opinion
0Yes you're right, also another thing is if you have all 3 games it will be just one big campaign map9That was removed like a year ago, it's a design decision if they want it to be like shogun 2 or attila
0They don't in Warhammer but we'll see here.
5That is what I was trying to imply. One of the many reasons why the steppe cataphracts covered their horses' eyes so that they would keep running blindly
7Yes, he is the autist, not the nostalgia faggots spamming about unit collision when it's the opposite.0Don't think so, they'll probably be weak as shit to compensate.
No elvesI mean the high elves did have some cool units
5So 12 races if it's four per game? I'm not too familiar with Fantasy, I'm more of a 40k guy, but Ive been trying Fantasy out a bit.
5I don't think there's that many races.
4Yes, he is the autist, not the nostalgia faggots spamming about unit collision when it's the opposite.They are saying it's shit and he's saying it's alright.Not saying, actually, spamming shitty webms of how it was the same shit back in the day.That's like some faggot jumping into a Fallout thread and spamming it with a bunch of screenshots from Fallout 2 saying that graphics of the older titles are bad so everything is fine because they're still shitty today.
50Attilla, as a vanilla TW game, the AI is vastly superior to any other TW but it's still pretty shit in comparison. Too bad CA is just incompetent, Total War might have even been a good series.
7
4weak skeletonsdropped
0Same shitExcept it's miles better, you see here's where you fuck up, your whole premise is wrong, the new collision is objectively better for everyone to see.
5Vampire counts on tabletop are mostly a faction of canon fodder shielding your boss as fuck commanders/hero units. deal with it.
03gryphonsgiantsPlease be good, I'll buy the season pass, blood DLC and everything just be good!
0343I think we should have some Godwins Law equivalent about how every total war thread inevitably turns into a massive argument about unit collision if left long enough
6You can thank that australian autist sperging for half an hour over it in his video and everyone that joined the rome II hate bandwagon keeps spamming it, literally no one mentioned collision in warscape before the video, now everyone does even if it's not true and haven't even played the game.Hopefully one day by showing fair tests long enough this shit will end and we can go back to discuss the games.
SKAVENPLEASE TA I BEG YOUJUST ADD SKAVEN AND LIZARDMEN IN AN EXPANSION I PLAY SKAVEN ON TABLETOP I WILL PAY FOR THE FUCKING DLC JUST DO IT
2And make them faithful to the tabletop, I want critical failures that wipe out the map entirely.
0Skaven, Lizardmen, Dwarves, Elves, Demons, Humans, Tomb Kings, Vampires, Chaos, Beastmen, Ogres.Depending on how you define 'race', you could get another three easily from Wood elf, Dark Elf, and Chaos Dwarf.
8And I didn't even remember Greenskins. There you go, twelve races without even getting into variant factions.
8Aren't tomb kings, demons, beastmen and ogres going?
4Nothing's confirmed yet.
4No one knows what's really happening until 2015.We're getting a new edition of fantasy, on a new world sine LORD ARCHAON SMASHED EVERYTHING. But so far, we have no idea what's 'surviving' and what's not.
5Source on thatThe gameIf you left click on the icon twice, the game will launch and you'll be able to see
7Sigmar didn't have any magical abilities besides being able to smite evil really hard.So not exactly the God Emperor.I mean now that he's a literal god, sure, but not when he was flesh and blood.
7warhammer total war will bring hordes of shitters for whom this will be their first TW gamethese people will influence all the later TW gamesWhelp, say goodbye to historical TW.
6That is because people go into these threads with; I won't buy/be hyped for this because of rome 2 bla blaAnd then lists unit collision, out of all the faults of rome 2 on release, as the reason they didn't like rome 2 or don't like CA. It is all just a bunch of bullshit.
777Nope, MtG is the Naruto of /tg/.
3I never said the old one was better all I ever said is that it is shit you autistic piece of dirt from underneath some Bretonnian peasant's shoes.Say what you will to your idiotic kind about however the games had worse or better collisions and horse charges back in the day but CA is making a game for me now and I've got fucking standards for a video game I could potentially spend a lot of money on.It looks awful in those videos of yours and they better do something with it or else they can forget anyone but fanboys like you ever touching their game.
3what is yugioh
7Believe it or not, CA said this game is being made by a seperate team and that they won't stop making historical games. It has also been in development since rome 2.
3Oh so we're in agreement then, the old games had much worse unit collision, that's good to hear.I like the new ones by the way, if you don't like it I guess we won't be meeting online.
7Butthurt 40k fanboy trying to start shit for no reason
Could someone please tell me how the fuck you play this game?
You git gud.Watch the System Breakdown videos on youtube.
9Buy the Block and Dodge abilities ASAP.Mash X and Y, occasionally hit LZ to block.That's all I got, game didn't exactly click for me.
you play it like a 3D BTA like bayo but top down, and you draw shapes use the right stick to switch weapons powers.Then you dodge, use combos, and git gud
9You play what you think is trial and error, and then you understand the game. Youtube helps, even after beating it I saw a video and went "oh shit, look at that" and it makes all the difference
9Don't try to draw too quickly at first or you'll just keep fucking it up. Use Team Attack or Gun Stinger to stun enemies before attacking and try to juggle them.It will take a good while before you git gud8Mash X and YWtf, why would you mash Y?

What are the best chess videogames? I guess I can forget consoles since I imagine the best ones will be on PC, but I'm hopeful for a competitive 3DS chess game.
9White queen takes black pawnBlack king must move to C7White queen to D7, checkmate
0checkmateBlack queen to D7 surely solves that.
playing chess against a computerWhy bother? You're either going to lose, or the game has been programmed to make random retarded moves in order to let you win.
0You were close, but black bishop would take the queen at d7. Instead, move white knight take Blakeck queen at b5 for the m8.
1But king B8 or B6
9all units build turretscheckmate
5B8. Horse takes B6
9This is the best one
9I signed up for chess.com and play real people. I don't know if it's the best site out there but it has lessons to help you learn too and daily challenges. Pretty cool.
9Oh I get it, pawn to d6, en passant, fuck haters and end in 1.
9Chessmaster: Grandmaster Edition
8The situation doesn't state that the pawn moved there in the last turn, nor did it indicate that it took a double move.Barring an En Passant being valid there is no solution in 2 or less turns.
Is being white still as OP as ever? This game has been out for ages now, why has Nintendo not fixed that?
7Yeah, game is still imbalanced.
9Why does 2011 have 5 unlabeled win rates?
9To balance it out white shouldn't get a queen.
0this or Terminator
9That graph is the most ridiculous graph I've ever seen. I love it.
9Hahaha
9y u gonna throw da white hoe to da corna? nd you givan nothin to the Black Man. I say u giv da white hoe to the Black Man nd dat makes it equal.
94Who the fuck would use a bar graph to illustrate something like this?!
4This is how statistics are done. Always eliminate as much irrelevant information as possible.
Chess is a garbage game. At the highest level of play, the person playing black can only score a draw. The literal goal of the black side is to tie. Fuck Chess.
4Different divisions.
4Different levels of play but the person who took the pic didn't include it.
4
9nice fox news graph
9Pro black players get to set traps for white and bait them in. It's pretty fun to give white a false sense of security and then pull the rug out from under them.
9Why not go?
9Just like real life.
4And why aren't they labeled as such?
24
2Come man...
3Even if we assume the last move black did was pawn to D5 and we used en passant to check the king, the king could move to both C7 and B7.
class="quote"actually playing this piece of shit unbalanced SJW pandering game
8The only chess review I live and die by.
, 
, 
, 
I hate liberals, SJW's, and the like as much as the rational person, but I am legitimately curious: Excluding mobile games, why aren't women as interested in video games as men? It seems that even with platforms having more social features than ever before and entire franchises being dumbed down Or "made to appeal to a wider audience" as companies so elegantly state, the core audience still remains guys. Why do you think that is?
Video games are like minor accomplishments of dexterity/skill, inherently this leads more towards a male inclination with exceptions. However, games play different ways. In the Sims you take care of families and dress up. Women love that game more than men with exceptions. However, women just don't care about challenging themselves in this way however insignificant they would sooner not be challenged and just passively enjoy an experience with exceptions.
6Hard mode and artificial difficulty/overtuning bosses still exists.
6Because it serves no purpose other than self entertainment and challenge, every hobby women have is for the advancement of her position.
6Why don't we see that many female mechanics, but do see quite a few female scientists? Why are there few female programmers, but many female linguists?
4Stereotypes exist for a reasonBut there are always exceptions when it comes with peopleI like the way you think anon.
1I just added those autistically because I knew people would immediately whine about it. Just something you learn when talking about things like this.
6Men enjoy challenges,women do not.
9Usually posts like those don't get very many If any replies since alot of people would rather nitpick at what other anons say, though.At least in my experience.Regardless, good posting strategy for real, honest posting.
4Welp, that image has ensured I will be laughing my ass off at the meeting I have to go to in a few hours. Thanks for that.
6Post '83 crash, some competitors to Nintendo, who was churning out the NES at the time with a more or less equal gender split, decided to solely cater to the male audience in order to try and concentrate their profits or something.Then some asshole hired some market researchers, and the results said only guys played games post-83. Sort of snowballed from there. Self=perpetuating, all that jazz.So you can blame marketing for this "guys only club" thing going on. Not that I care. But now we're at a stage where so little chicks have grown up with the vidya that it's perceived as a guys-only thing, and haven't the slightest interest in trying it out. Again, not that I care. Love me some boobies and butts n shit in videogames.
4Good fucking Christ, please tell me this is not real.Black, indigenous, people of colorI thought liberals insultingly categorized them all as "people of color."
5They did, but then there was a massive backlash for categorizing everyone non-white as "non-white", so the term has mostly bit the dust.
1Well he is right. Statistically speaking there is always going to be exceptions thanks to the nature of human psychology. It is sad that you can make an statement like "men enjoy sports/videogames more than women" without some retards going "buy my sister, but I am a women and love football" without realizing you are talking from a general perspective and not in absolutes.
6because non-mobile games often take some form of technical skill. Therefore, when someone picks up a video game for the first time, they will often fail. Very few girls have any determination to try hard and be rewarded by eventually reaching a level of skill where you can actually play the game well, and would rather just put the game down, and go do something else.
3I wasn't being sarcastic.
4I know, I was just pointing out that on the current even of the internet you always have to make a fucking notation that there is going to be exceptions, even when it should be obvious when you are making general statements based on statistic data. Is like the entire internet is a retard that doesn't understand that no statement is absolute when talking about people psychology.
On average what makes men happy is a accomplishments and having stuff and what makes women happy is relationships in the long termHowever everyone likes those feel good chemicals-men feel like they aren't achieving if the task is too easy thoughOf course there are lots of individual factors and plenty of more hard core female gamers
6From my observation, many women who don't grow up with video games find the difficulty from hand-eye coordination based challenges as dumb or pointless. Not only were video games marketed to the more lucrative boys-and-teens markets for the longest time, but the difficulty from many of the games we perceive as good is the exact kind of difficulty these people don't like. It's why you see so many women playing those puzzle games on mobile.
7To be fair, it's the exact same deal with guys who don't grow up with vidya.Old farts in general can't handle vidya.
6It's almost like gender might have some kind of actual influence on people's interests. Who would have guessed.
How come more women are interested in purses? How come more men don't like purses? As much as you faggots deny this men and women aren't equal. Blacks and whites aren't the same. Why do people deny this? It's like choosing a class in an RPG. No there aren't equal but they have different strengths and weaknesses. End of story.
My sister was pretty good at the few games she did play, Mario Kart mostly. Besides that all she played was stuff like Phoenix Wright before she stopped caring about vidya.
5
3Gender is a made up concept imposed by the Illuminati to better divide and conquer people. By keeping people factionalised with gender, religion, politics, race and the myriad of other constructs they keep us from unifying and discovering who is really behind everything.
Because misogyny.
6Because otome games aren't well known here in the West.source: my ass
I hate liberalsWhat did liberals do that was so offensive to the Republican party? I'll tell you what they did. Liberals got women the right to vote. Liberals got African-Americans the right to vote. Liberals created social security and lifted millions of elderly people out of poverty. Liberals ended segregation. Liberals passed the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act, Liberals created Medicare. Liberals passed the Clean Air Act, and the Clean Water Act. What did Conservatives do? They opposed every one of those programs. Every one. So when you try to hurl the word 'liberal' at my feet, as if it were dirty, something to run away from, something that I should be ashamed of, it won't work, Senator, because I will pick up that label and wear it as a badge of honor.
6What is weirder is that you can almost find as many women as men that are into anime, but not the same with videogames?
0I hope that image was made to be ironic.
4Fat womyn and a HipsterIs top right a Tranny?
3Damn i should get myself one of those haircuts
0Keep trying to defend the modern liberal, cuck. Have fun as they decimate entire races and ruin Western society.
0Leave now liberal faggot. You are not welcome here.
0you can hope all the way to the bank faggot. have a criticism? source it bitch.
1They watch different genres. Its the same with video games, actually lot of women play "video games" just not the same as men. OP is a faggot who thinks women should be forced to play Call of Duty, or that call of duty should completely disappear and every video game ever made must be candy crush so women and men play the same games and are equal.
3buy my sisterHow much? Pics?
because women are terrible at everything they doreally doesn't take much time to figure that out
0It's technically true in a sense, but it's disingenuous in that it's trying to get you to think that modern liberals would have done/are responsible for everything listed there. Modern liberals would have take King George III's fat cock and begged for more.
1Screw you man. Purses are amazing it's like you can keep everything you've ever wanted with you all the time. I wish it was socially acceptable for men to carry purses. can bring your phone, book, wallet, snack, water, bugspray, sunscreen, gum with you everywhere all the time without needing a backpack or deep ass pockets
6Despite the influx of "gamer girls" in the small bubble of the internet that nerds typically inhabit the vast majority of women aren't interested in games and never give them a second thought.It's similar to if a major perfume brand was making more "manly" scents lately and asking why women still make up the majority of their clientele. The vast majority of men don't care and won't notice and even if they do notice have 0 interest anyways.
0I wish it was socially acceptable for men to carry purses.Carry around a couriers satchel or manbag, or just buy a purse and carry it with pride. It takes a real weak man to be scared of wearing what he wants for fear of other peoples reactions.
0It's called a backpack.
I'm going to throw out my semi-educated guess and say it has to do with the roots of it all. I'm going to say it has more to do with gender roles than anything to do with skill or dexterity.Billiards, darts, poker. All these are male dominated. Same with arcades. Girls would sit around and watch while the boys had their fun. Some played but it was a male thing and the idea of femininity hadn't be deconstructed to level it is now.Same when consoles became more advanced and predominate in the early and mid 90's. The consoles were bought for boys, girls played with their girly shit. Again, some played but most played games girl oriented.Now they're starting to show an interest and upset, feel entitles and want to be included into a demographic that was never theirs. I'm sure some are sincere with their hobby but we have decades of fundamentals, skill and culture they have only touched the surface of.
0Is it not socially acceptable to carry a satchel or backpack around? Are you a normalfag?
you know that pic with the average games on console where the xbox 360 is "heterosexual modern warfare" and the ps3 is "underage panty quest" the wii is "super happy bouncy time"and the pc is "control tower simulator"women aren't interessed in any of these 4 things...
Women get taken by alphas and put in the kitchen.They don't have time for vidya,sage
9Unless you're in school, camping or at some kind of event. Yeah, it's kinda odd.
3false
9Carrying a satchel/courier bag is like wearing a fancy hat. You have to look good or risk looking like a fedora-tier retard
6Gaming as a whole, is still relatively anti social.Women like being social, they'd rather be out with friends, than indoors working on something by themselves.Same reason you find very few women that are into any kind of solo hobby.
09Having to swing it around off your shoulders, unzip it, re-zip it and put it back on every time you want somethingI'm assuming he's referring to it in everyday life and not just going to the beach, but that'd be ridiculously time-consuming.
09 woman carries purse into storeNo problem here, all is normal man or woman carries backpack into storeGet stalked by the store employees to make sure you aren't stealing anything or straight up get asked to leave and return without a backpackCmon guys you know backpacks aren't as acceptable unless you're a student or hiker or something
5that picGood, then they have no excuse to complain about manspreading. They obviously know what it's like to have sexual organs hanging outside their body by a thin sack of skin and a few tubes.
0What's wrong with a backpack?
6I hate these conservative boogeymenRationalPick one.
6It's always seemed both biological and social to me, and their development as kids only brings this further.I know I'm bullshitting on this though, because there's a similar story with, say, computer science students. Once one of them gets there, they're almost indistinguishable from a male CS student besides maybe being more popular in some cases, but quite a small number of them get there in the first place.Basically I'm just as curious about it as you are.
5Goddammit I fucking hate myself for saying this. Males and females have biological difference. "Men and women" are "gender" which actually really is a social construct.I'm not agreeing with it. I use to fight this up and down but gender is a social construct in its literal term.
6Get stalked by the store employees to make sure you aren't stealing anything or straight up get asked to leave and return without a backpackNot if you're white.
9I agree with that because if you look at most languages other than English you'll see that they assign genders to everything.Like french for instance
6I think its just years of stereotypes that is gonna take a long while to fix.My little cousin loves video games way more than her brother - however there are games her brother likes certain games. She thinks stuff like death, moreover, the enjoyment of causing it to be immature. She enjoys games with reaction challenges like Geometry Dash.I think the real problem is the people it attracts. From my experience, girls do enjoy games allot but from a social perspective, games aren't something its healthy to indulge in as a woman. It is easier to be accepted as a girl than a boy in social, and females generally are more likely to be invited to social events and group. I feel like I'm about to start rambling and losing my grasp on the point, so ill just say social cultures probably make being a functional woman to society standards and a hardcore gamer very hard to juggle.
4That's a good literal point too but unfortunately I meant when you say gender fundamentally it is different than sex which is physical. Gender is the social aspect. I use to hate the "social construct" argument because they use it in the most asinine way but it is a thing.
9It doesn't change the fact that "gender" is constructed because of the biological differences. Which makes it fundamentally the same thing. You faggots act like its some sort of conspiration to opress the poor womyn when in fact men have different interests from women because they are not made to give birth and become a mother.
4Yes you fucking retard, girls and boys like different genres. And you are a faggot if you think forcing girls to like the same thing as boys is a good idea.
4This is a good answer anon. I know my little cousin fucking FIENDS over Fire Emblem. She'll only play it in the company of family or at my or her house, never when other people around.I asked her why she only really enjoys that once and it was more or less "I dunno, just watchin' my units do different things and watching a plan come together that you though of was neat." That's the only game she plays though but whatever.
hating liberalshating those responsible for every good facet in a modern society.supporting any politician other than pic relatedUnless you're a billionaire, you're retarded for being anything other then a progressive.
6You're grasping at straws. I was being incredibly neutral and literal, I agree with you completely until you started implying shit about morality and oppression. Roles are there for inherent reasons, gender is too. I'm simply saying is gender is different than sex. It's the identity aspect whereas sex is the biological.
3gender is a social constructDoesn't make it any less real than morals, love, family and other values.Fucking degenerates.
Women don't have deep interests like males because women don't have to develop a personality to find a mate.men date women based off who the woman iswomen date men based off what the man has
1wanting a full-on socialist as presidentWhile I go give him credit that he's upfront about being a socialist, no, it'd only make this nation worse than it already is.
1You're putting a lot of implication behind what I'm saying when I fucking agree with you. I'm not saying gender roles should change or any of the sort. I'm a conservative and traditionalist. I'm just not going to stick my head in the sand about the meaning of a fucking word. Pick your battles, you're wasting your time berating someone that agrees with you.
1hating those responsible for every good facet in a modern societyHoly shit. Please tell me you're joking.
3Alright but you seem to make a big deal out of it when in fact gender and sex is pretty much two faces of the same coin. If you start dissociating the two you imply that you can just become a women because biological facts don't matter, what matters are "feelings".
1Calm the fuck down, dude.I forgot to add in the point that I have some friends who do enjoy the exact same genres guys do as well, but when I visit them their libraries are scarce. Based from my experience, I am assuming its hard to juggle and so on..I can't check everything, I'm typing on my cell, crazy.Also, where the fuck did forcing anything come into play?
I like how the perception of "oppression" is also a social construct, to this day there are woman that still have no issues with being a housewife
9I'm not implying anything you fallacious fuck. Biology and gender roles are something evolutionarily embedded in us.
6Females are too busy trying to one up each other that all they care about is taking care of their appearance and living a normalfag life. The ones that play vidya often have issues
0that image is true except for it's not!liberals are bad!Look, I like the horseshoe theory with the personal added idea that extremists for anything are assholes.
5You could introduce her to similar games. Geometry Dash is a recent game she got to try. She really likes Scott Pilgrim vs The World and Street Fighter too. She's in love with side scrollers in general in hindsight haha
9Let me try to put this in a way to where you think I'm not deconstructing gender in the way you think I am. If someone criticizes a man's masculinity, they're not attacking his sex, they're attacking his identity. The perceived idea, the social construct of what is a man. Not that if he Identifies as a female tomorrow he can be a chick.
6Because a lot of the enjoyment comes from competition and challenge which are not something women primarily seek.
8Stop
6I think women were raised to play with other things besides video games, such as with dolls or such as make believe with other girls in more feminine-based settings. When I was growing up, if any girls I knew played video games, it would be more handheld titles like Pokemon, or stuff like the Sims, which encourages more sociability. The guys I knew growing up played stuff on handhelds as well, but they mainly focused on consoles, and games that promote more competition. For a long time video games have been seen as a boy thing--like trucks, sports, and action films--and only recently as I've grown up have I seen girls being encouraged to play video games. Maybe that stigma is still impressed upon younger kids; I don't know, because I don't know any kids that age. I personally think we're wrongfully assuming that because our generation is starting to adopt more girls who play video games that it's being done across all generations.
Women never have an actual interest in anything, their supposed interest in something is just proxy to advancing herself socially. Validation and attention are at the forefront of all womens minds, they can never relax without feeling the intense urge for attention. Why is it almost 100% of women solely play games for the attention of men?The only ones who don't are either hideously ugly or obese. Every character flaw a man has, is accept as "normal" when it comes to women. Men DRAGGED women through history, they are lazy and sedentary, passive to the changes that happen around them.
6The same reason that you don't see men populating the knitting clubs, gardening clubs, and typically book clubs. And that's okay. Forcing equality of outcome is not necessary, and in fact most of the time if it's astroturfed it will cause spite and resentment. Video games already have equality of opportunity. Buy a game, play it, talk about it. It's got a higher barrier to entry in terms of cost than a book or yarn or a few sports, but beyond that no one can complain about gatekeepers to the hobby.
7Read your first post. Why are you dissociating the two? Unless you are talking about biology there really is no point saying "g-guys gender is totally a social construct! It doesn't matter", it's especially dumb to bring that shit up when talking about politics.inb4g-guys I'm totally like you fuck the liberals amirite?4Yes but it doesn't change the fact that masculinity is defined by the biological aspect. It's not arbitratly made up. Of course I'm talking in general terms so don't bring the 'b-but I'm a guy and I enjoy sodomy' argument. So in the grand scheme of things sex and gender are pretty much the same thing and to dissociate them is pointless and has lots of negative implications.
6I'll guess that is has something to do about like... Fuckin... Girls wanna do dainty shit... Or else other girls call them out... Like, imagine the popular girl makin fun of a normal girl for playin or in the sandbox with the boys... Or something like that, maybe.
4fat people are constantly fetishized not a wordwears a shirt saying "I'm caressable" also not a wordI'm getting mixed messages.
3
5It's because these people think they're coming off as intelligent when they're doing the same thing as saying "Police officers often wear blue." You have to micromanage everything you say and say everything explicitly otherwise they'll try to manipulate others into thinking you're the idiot.
4Damn this picture makes me sad. It's pretty much what happened to 4chan.
4Why is it almost 100% of women solely play games for the attention of men?That's very self centered of you. I think you should go to a therapist to talk about your narcissism.
2Oh, we're talking social politics, I was still wearing my academia boots. I agree politically, I disagree academically. Consider it my dissonance of believing what you guys are saying with my all heart and soul and needing to practice empathy because my degrees demand I deal with abnormal people on the regular.As much as I would like to lock up all your "degenerates" for you guys, the world is too accommodating and tolerant.
5You carry a bag like that you're asking to get mugged and you are a faggot as well.
0You have to realize that what these extremists are saying this is how eugenics movements start. Someone equally as crazy will listen, and do their damnedest to implement the so-called "progressive change." The subjects in question this time are white males.
3The only difference sex makes in the mind is testosterone/estrogenbarley noticeable and how you are raisedEXTREME GAP
4Well they also can bear children. Not even shitposting.
I'm getting sick of these threads... it's the same arguments rehashed every day/thread
8Yeah it's not that they want the actual attention from men because they like them. It's that they just need to feel special once in their shallow lives.Always average girls seeking attention because they don't get it at school/IRL. Dime a dozen whore seems like a queen when she "gets into gaming".
1Playing the lottery with how your child will turn out isn't a good thing. Women are the main propagator of suffering.
4They are also the single thing keeping us alive.
0You can keep prattling on and on about your narcissism or you can provide evidence that a. sample size = a plurality of women b. within the sample size, all of them have the claimed motiveuntil then, you're being irrational or butthurt with your projections
5It's true in that each of those encompassed a liberal way of thinking for each of those times. Classical liberalism is more akin to libertarianism though, while modern liberalism is socialistic authoritarianism not that modern conservatives are any better in regards to "I don't like thing, stop doing thing".
1Welcome to /v/You won't ever enjoy your stayAnd you'll keep on doing it regardless
1This better be bait. Not all liberals are good. Not all conservatives are bad. If you can't see that you're either too immature or hopeless to function well in society.
9we actively choose to frequent a board where the population is so confrontational and unable to think that you need to specify that exceptions exist with every statementHow did it end up like this anonwhy can't we just leave
5it's only like this when I have no games to play. I wish I had something to play after the witcher 3 ended
7Then some asshole hired some market researchers, and the results said only guys played games post-83. Sort of snowballed from there. Self=perpetuating, all that jazz.lolno
8Nobody is talking about degenerates. Look, I just wanted to tell you that showing up and saying 'g-guys gender is totally a social construct and totally not the same as sex!' is pretty dumb and has lot of negative implications.As for "degenerates" as you call them, I think they are just broken people, mentally ill. I'm not sure they should be locked up but they definetly need help. And maybe telling them that the society is opressing them with social constructs is not the best thing to do. But who am I to talk, people who make tons of dosh by selling them pills say otherwise. On a sidenote "degenerates" is a joke and while some people may be serious when using it it still mostly remains a joke, you shouldn't take /pol/ too seriously. Not everything tumblr told you is true.
0Intelligence can make up for cute/hotness. Pic related: A 6/10, pre makeup, shoots up to an 8 or 9 thanks to being somewhat smart and dealing with tools.
5That's not a good thing either."Hope in reality is the worst of all torments, for it prolongs the suffering of man".90% of people live shit lives, just because YOU don't, doesn't make it standard. You are an exception to the rule if you enjoy your life and you're over 20.
2Gothic 2
5please provide an academic thesis to back your statements on this competitive australian shitposting image boardnah fuck off faggot
1Because it's either this or egotistical hugboxesAt least we can say whatever the fuck we want here without getting banned for hurting someone's feelings or disagreeing with the guy who has a higher postcount than you.
0phonePocketBookput it on a .pdf and put it on your phone you hipster trashwalletPocketsnackDon't be a faggotWaterFFS too lateSunscreenWhat kind of a pussy are you is surprise sun common?GumPocketThere you go you can now fit your essentials in a standard pair of 4-pocket pantalones
6You stupid? She was still considered "hot" by all the virgin losers who watch this show.Any 4/10+ white girl that enters a "nerdy" scene will be put on a pedestal instantly, ESPECIALLY if she's not fat. There's some psychology behind unattractive men being more attracted to homely looking women because they think they're attainable. When in reality it's the opposite, that bitch is still fucking the same type of guy every other cunt is fucking, a strapping bull of a man.5Just because you've seen most rats eat shit doesn't mean they all do!
2download PS1 emulatordownload Dino Crisis have funI will never understand you people. There are more good games available on PC than you could play during your lifetime yet you still bitch about no games to play.
4Aye
0Hell, more than that is easy. Unless you're a fag who only owns skinny jeans.
0but where will i keep my makeup?
1You stupid? She was still considered "hot" by all the virgin losers who watch this show.Any 4/10+ white girl that enters a "nerdy" scene will be put on a pedestal instantly,You realize that's almost verbatim what I said, right?
1Just because you've seen most rats eat shit doesn't mean they all do!Lab rats don't eat shit because they've got pellets.Maybe you're just a retard who relies on generalizations.
live alonework in an all male workplace securitygay as fuckcould possibly go the rest of my life without seeing a woman except on televisionfeels good man
0I forgotBugsprayWhat in the fuck9Your cavernous anus
2It would be useless and overly pedantic to only speak in absolute truths. When somebody says "niggers are dumb", they are either retarded, which will be obvious, or they are making a generalization under the implicit agreement that the listeners understand that the speaker is not trying to make a literal and objective statement, i.e. that 100% of black people are dumb under any reasonable definition of the word "dumb". Anybody worth talking to, indeed most people, believe it or not, understand that most statements of opinion in colloquial context are the expression of a perceived generality, which are valuable in communication and observation, despite morons like you thinking that if a proposal is not completely black or white that it must be shitty.In other words, of course not all liberals are good and not all conservatives are bad, but the implied reality is that the percent of "good" liberals and the percent of "bad" conservatives are significantly higher than the general average, so much so that assumptions can be made about people who strongly identify as one or the other. But you want to ignore that in favor of an easy jab at wording because you're a stupid faggot.
5Fucking thisMy emulation backlog alone is fucking massive since I never owned any Sega or Sony consoles growing up, I always just went with Nintendo back before I started buying my own vidya games.
4tfw blessed to be gay. Feel bad for dudes who have to deal with womans
9The point stands, stereotypes exist for a reason. The vast majority of women are exactly like I've described, the chance of you finding that diamond amongst the shitpile is extremely low, and you'll probably go through your entire life without encountering one who isn't a cunt.Stick your anecdote up your ass you turbobeta. 3What was your point then? If she were fat and ugly her intelligence wouldn't have meant shit anyway, her rating would still be the exact same. She only got onto the show because she could serve as fanservice.
48basically these. it's pointless to talk about anything because all people can scream about is NUH UH THEN HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THIS while avoiding the point entirely. they just want to be right, not think about the facts.you especially run into this when talking to little-dicked conservatives.
6It goes pretty deep into the idea of gender and what causes differences between them. It's extremely difficult to scientifically determine how much is based on genetics and how much is based on society without breaking ethical boundaries. The best we can do is use soft sciences to figure it out.Ignoring the real cause of it, generally you can see that women prefer social interaction and media that appeals to emotion. Video games historically have not had this, even though they're trending to now. So I would say the main reason is the image of games being based around violence and requiring effort.
9They are mentally ill. That's why it's called gender identity disorder or gender dysmorphia. The therapy for that is to make the cope with their body and identity regardless of their sex. Deconstructing gender has negative effects on society but in a clinical setting, on an individual level, it is the best thing to do for the mentally ill. What I disagree with is it being put on a pedestal by the media and entertainment industry trying to promote a mental illness as normal and empowering.
6What was the point of you calling me stupid and then acting like a retard by saying what I said? You like to hear the sound of your voice, so to say.
5Shit, I was gonna bring up Fire Emblem. Bitches LOVE Fire Emblem in my experience, and the added management features outside battles in IF will only bring in more. It also helps that the series is kind of sort of good at equal gender representation.
8You essentially saidOf course not all liberals are good, and not all are bad, but most of them are, so all of them deserved to be characterized as such.That's the same thing those social justice warriors do. Stop pretending you're some kind of enlightened being above everyone else, and realize you're just as biased and flawed in your logic as anyone else with an agenda.
6The point stands, stereotypes exist for a reason.There's a stereotype that people who make generalizations are idiots. What are you going to do now?Stick your anecdote up your ass you turbobeta. That's literally all you have, anecdotes. A heuristic based on your tiny sliver of human knowledge, a network of anecdotes extrapolated to a childishly assumptive degree.No matter which bullshit label or side you take, whether it's fighting like a SJW lackey or whining about how you can't get laid like an MRA, you have mentality of every single piece of destructive human cancer that has ever existed. Go get therapy.
0replying to bait and stale copypastaHYEARGH.
5you should introduce her to similar gamesdoesn't name a single TRPGdid you get lost on the way to /b/?
4Oh, oh, i've done research into this shit.The game playing motivations of children actually do differ slightly.However, the most prominent motivation to both boys and girls is the social aspect of games. This is followed by the "self-efficacy" motivation, wherein children have a desire to challenge themselves and prove their competency.Oddly enough, the lowest ranked motivator in the studies I saw was catharsis, the sheer desire to relieve boredom.Also, there's a general issue of people assuming video games are something done TO children, not something children choose to do themselves.That's largely where a lot of "video games cause X in children" arguments go wrong. The children are already drawn or repulsed by X, the video game doesn't force itself upon them.
8stereotypes are okay because they're based on truthhow awfully un-liberal of you
6Women just don't have ambition so they don't really see the appeal in video games.
7I like you, Anon. Let's be friends.
6Fuck off, retard.
0They love Ateliers too.
6I hate liberals, SJW's, and the likeWhat was the point in mentioning this?
3The therapy for that is to make the cope with their body and identity regardless of their sex.I'm not sure it's the best way to deal with it. I mean there is plenty of money to be made on these people. And when money is involved well, you know what happens. Seems really weird to give pills and perform extreme surgery on perfectly healthy people. I mean what exactly is wrong with living as a feminine dude? Does the lack of tits makes it impossible for you to enjoy feminine hobbys? Does it prevents you from putting nigger penis in your ass?
8Brownie points with the Stormfront Jr. crowd
2Fuckyou're right
8None that I can see. I think OP is just retarded.
4Fat activistsLost.
0conservatives supported slaverydemocratic party was responsible for the Jim Crow laws and Lincoln was a republicanebin troll'd !!!! xD!!!!
8/v/ is a circlejerk
4You share oxygen with thesecaptcha is selecting food
8Thought about this too.I hate when people say this, but it's probably to fit in.
8Brownie points from /pol/Anyway, it's mainly social aspects. Girls get encouraged to read so they read YA lit Notice how the majority of visible YA authors are women? Boys get encouraged to play games Most game devs are male, also, reading is seen as "uncool" in a lot of schools
9
8to ensure that everyone understands that he's a rational person, did you not even finish reading the sentence?
So, about representation. Are people really so retarded that they can't enjoy a game if the main character isn't the same gender/race/sexuality as them? Do they even give a fuck about the game part in video games?
9Don't mention that; they'll rebut that the democratic party doesn't equate liberalism, even though they use the terms interchangeably 90% of the time.
8To make it clear this wasn't bait.People always call OP an SJW or whatever if something like gender is mentioned.
8He's literally trying to fit in on an anonymous image board, which is beyond retarded.
0Are extreme liberals/conservatives retarded/autistic?What do you thinkAlso this food reCAPTCHA sends me to the top of the page everytime I try to post, fuck this. Text captcha was perfect
2Anyway, it's mainly social aspects. Girls get encouraged toI don't know whether to cry or laugh when I read this shit.You do realize that even babies only a few months old have different toy preferences depending on their gender?
3People always call OP an SJW or whatever if something like gender is mentioned.No they don't. Jesus Christ, what the fuck happened to this board?
0Are people really so retarded that they can't enjoy a game if the main character isn't the same gender/race/sexuality as them?No, pretty much everyone who critiques these games actually likes them overall, they just want to see something other than white people all the time since they're not white.I don't really care about it tbh, i'm a white dude and my favourite book is written by a woman with a woman lead, and my favourite film is by a polish white man with a women lead so whatever. I much prefer philosophical/human consition aspects then just "lol see myself"
How does this thread get 160 replies without being deleted? I'm not gonna say which side I'm on but these threads are literally "muh opinions are scientific facts" garbage and not video game related in the slightest.Are the mods afraid that if they delete a thread with an anime character OP, the weeb fuckers become outraged and start spamming their animes?
7yeah but if you force your son to play exclusively with dolls and dress him up in dresses and put a bow on his head, he'll start to act like a girlif this isn't proof enough of gender being a social construct then i don't know what is
7Yes. I didn't erase biology 100%, just in this situation.Explain to me how women are hardwired to prefer young adult dystopia literature please.
8I dunno man, I understand hating SJWs but why liberals? Not everyone of them is a fucking loon who sees oppression everywhere, I know I'm not like that.Right-wingers really need to learn to chill out.
5what the fuck happened to this board?It went to shit.Where the fuck have you been the last year?GamerGate especially fucked everything up.
I don't complain because anything that's not videogames should be shitposted into oblivion. Gender, sexism and racism is not videogamesB-but muh /pol/They should be too, but it's been a long time since I saw an OP with "What game lets me kill niggers/jews?", whereas the SJW bait/falseflagging is constant
0I've never gotten the need for a "self insert" either
6Men like challenges with exceptionsWomen like instant gratification with exceptions/thread
people are talking about gender and sex without having seen this vid
5Every year I wonder if this is the worst /v/ will manage to get any worseThen the next flood of shit rolls around the corner
9So why don't all the women play CoD?
9p much. That's why farmville type games are popular with girls.
6I really loved that series.Sure, there might be some biasis behind it, but it sure does take up something so many people choose to fucking ignore.
6people are talking about gender and sex on a videogames board
2Why can't gender be a biological construct that is either reinforced or punished by the people within their sphere of influence? Someone growing up in Alabama by a rich family is going to have a different experience than someone growing up in Wisconsin by a poor family, but we group them both together under the blanket term of "society."
8Men that play CoD THINK it's a challenge. It's an illusion.
8cod and skyrim are often played by a good portion of woman. Also counter strike
Why do you hate women /v/?Do you hate your own mother as well?
6My mother hit me and divorced my father, who did nothing wrong.
0The representation stuff and the need to find characters more relatable has always struck me as something really american; I'm not american nor white and stuff like the MCs race has never increased or decreased my enjoyement of the plot and the character itself
9I hate that shit whenever I'm in an argument about stuff involving any loaded topic, be it feminism, politics or whatever. You'd think that it would be a goddamn given you do not literally mean that every single one of x group is like you say, There will always be a majority, simple as that but there's also always going to be exceptions.
4Having a meeting at workfat colleague speaks up about somethingremember this imagestart laughing a bitfat colleague takes offence towards my laughterhad no idea what they were talking aboutapparently she was requesting a new chair because a wheel broke of the old one
2I've brought this up to my professors multiple times including suicide rate after surgery, pumping kids full of hormones, all that. I'm skeptical to say the least. I don't believe in "sex changes" but I do believe in behavioral and cognitive therapy in convincing them to be comfortable with their identity even if that means constructing a new one. I'm not talking about mutilating surgeries, simply identity.I couldn't agree more that deconstructing gender on a mainstream level is a horrible idea , it undermines important norms and traditional values. But on an individual level, someone with GID should go about coping with their identity in a way that keeps the outside institutions or self mutilating.I fucking hate that gender dysmorphia is sensationalized. I've dealt with the people that cut off their nuts with a razor in manic fits. I'd rather these people call them self girls if that's what helps them sleep at night.There is nothing wrong with living as a feminine dude, that is the first route to push for. Take what I say with a grain of salt but I do agree with you guys.
6i may hate women, but i hate men even more. men are the ones who gave rights to the worthless parasites we call "women" and deserve all the blame
9You'd think that it would be a goddamn givenI would think that too but experience has trained me otherwise.
8You've clearly shown what side you are in your desperate attempt to appear "neutral". Stupid mangina spineless faggot.
2I am American and I've never gotten why people cared either. I don't think it's a regional thing.
2What about the dude who got his dick cut off as a baby and was then raised as a girl but still felt male and eneded up commiting suicide?
1This is true. No matter how little we think of women, men are the true problem. You don't know what depths a man will sink to for some pussy, it's truly fucking despairing.
1you know when I read shit like this I actually get sad, but for the person who said itshit man I'm sorry life has been rough to you but please don't be so negative of everything, it's gonna get better
I want to bully Maki.
Women have social lives handed to them just for being women so they don't need escapism as much.
, 
Why is Japan so based?
japan has their own ebin maymays, you just don't notice them because you don't know them or they disappear in the translation.
3Such as?
All of Japan's memes just appear in anime. And moe games inspired by anime.
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
It's a dog's life /v/ I'll tell you that much
5choosing Iorveth just for the dwarf scenesThis must be what being Saskia feels like.
7not choosing iorveth because iorveth is a bamf
Let's go, pal.
8We'll bang ok?
I actually kind of like the new Vault Jumpsuit. In terms of graphical quality it looks like shit, but it's Fallout so I'm used to that. It's design reminds me of the Fallout 1 jumpsuit though, and that's great.
So, are we going to have a voice now?
Why isnt Nute Gunray in fallout universe
8Let's downgrade, pal.
9Can't downgrade if it looks like shit in the first place!
3they literally downgraded it before the first trailer. they didn't even try.
Pal, let's go
3ThisI almost appreciate them setting the expectation that it's going to look like shit.
7You know it, and judging by the trailer it's gonna be Troy Baker. I don't know why but I love his voice
8Where the fuck do we go you retard?Who are you anyways? Jesus christ as if the situation isn't worse enough YOU appeared.
8Thank you, Pal and Vault-dude. If it wasn't for you, I would have never known that the shitposters, fan boys, and average /v/ posters are all fucking retarded, and don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
I've never played any Fallout game.Is it ok if I just jump straight into Fallout 4?
I thought the graphics are nice enough, I like the art direction, and it seems realistic to run well on the target hardware
4you'll have to because it's danm near impossible to play 3 and NV without crashing ever other second
4All the games are loosely connected. Fallout 2 is a direct sequel to 1, and New Vegas has a bunch of call backs to 1 and 2, but there's no real story order that fucks you over if you skip a game or three.
8there's gonna be a patrotic robot that's gonna say let's go ntscgonna be hilarious
4Sure. None of us have played the game. But sure.
5 seconds in photoshop and suddenly it doesn't look like a nintendo game anymore.
8WAN !
5That's nice I guess. I just never really bothered with post-apocalyptic games, and I think I'm gonna try the genre with Fallout 4 and that one new Mad Max game.
2Same, and I really like the more colorful looking wasteland. The new towns and the noir looking scene in particular stood out to me.4You should be fine without playing either, but if you wanna try one, 3 and 4 are by Bethesda so they'll probably be closer to each other, while New Vegas is by Obsidian and more closely linked to the originals. Basically 5
4holy shit this board is fucking retardedWhy dont games have colors anymoregame has colors/v/ complains
4like this infinitely better
25sup bethesda
8Daily reminder that if you honestly liked Fallout 3 and are looking forward to a Bethesda game, you don't belong to this board.
8one poster is the whole board
4Woooooow why does every game have a shitty brown filter on it? we need more color
8/v/ is one person
Failout 4
Allons-y, mon ami.
8no middle ground allowed
I like the feel the new colour scheme brings to the game hopefully it was not just different in the trailer and remains the same pallet in-game
8I'm not saying that every game should follow the brown and bloom model, but come on.. it's fucking Fallout. It's supposed to look bleak and depressing.
4Pretty sure that trailer was bordering on early PS2 and late PS1 graphics, especially with those models.
39Implying Bethesda won't find a way
8they like thing, they must be a shillOh, okay.
8I cringed at thar part. So bad
4You're probably trolling, but why the fuck would you want yet another game to have such a bland colour pallet of brown? The game has colour for a reason, the world is in fucking colour.
7Daily reminder that if you honestly thing some people don't belong to this board then you're from reddit and you should go back there.
8Welcome to /v/. If you don't like something, you are a shill,an autist or a cuck. Maybe even all 3 at the same time!
7I hated 3, but I'm looking forward to a Bethesda game, so I guess I'll stay here then.
4What I keep trying to tell everyone is the only reason the game is not visually appealing is the saturated xoloura and the only reason they're saturated is because everyone whined about too much grey/green/brown before.The reason that picture looks better to you is simply rhat the coloura have been dulled down.
Someone post that ship that was in the trailer, it looked like it was made out of play doo LOL
7A bleak and depressing atmosphere can be achieved without clumsily slapping a shit coloured filter over everything.
when people talk to their petsThey can't understand you retard
6To be fair, we had "fuck brown and bloom" threads for months a few years backwith good reason, i might add
brotherhooddogmeatbelow average graphics
0Well one out of three is alright I guess.
4Because the fallout world is supposed to be depressing and broken. If you use very vibrant colors, it looks.. happy, for lack of a better word.
WAR NEVER CHANGES
0If you don't think 4chan is an all-inclusive circlejerking hugbox you should leaveI think it's YOU that needs to go back to reddit
Looks like fun. Hope my son enjoys it as much as I will.
4The problem isn't the colour. It's the complete lack of dirt and general wear and tear.
main character has an ass that doesn't quitremember fallout games don't have romancewhat even is the point of thisi want to fuck supermutants
0Just youtube compression.
1EVERY GAME HAS TO BE NEW SUPER FORTRESS 2 WHAT IS THEMING MUH ANIMU COLOR SCHEME
Did they announce fallout 4 weeks before e3 because it would look terrible by comparison to all of the other games?
2everyone that actually plays fallout thinks this
1True, but the way of achieving it is certainly not by making the colors so fucking loud that my eyes bleed.
8and the cherry on the shit sundaebethesda's asstacular bug infested engine
Wooow duckmeat is back, couldn't find out something more original?LOL bethesda just LOL
3It looks like shit alreadyOh /v/. The depths of your faggotry never ceases to amaze me.
9I have never had a petHow the fuck do you train a dog then. Ok, yes, they don't understand sentence structure, but you can train a dog to understand that "go" means to move, and saying "let's" while also moving means follow me.
5the texture on his arm
1yeah a depressing atmosphere can totally be conveyed with wind waker colors and youre not just a retard who doesnt know what works
/v/ right nowTAKE A LOOK AT THESE HANDS
8They still can't understand you. You just trained them by beating reactions into them for a few words. They have no idea what the words mean or how to use them.
2Maybe.There just wasn't a point anymore. People already knew about Fallout 4, revealing it at E3 wouldn't be surprising at all.So they went ahead and announced it to build up more excitement. Maybe we'll see gameplay at E3 too.
6Do you fucking play vidya dude? This is AAA, and it looks bad. Many animations are recycled from Fallout 3, which we can fucking SEE in the trailer. We expect from AAA at least graphics that look like they're made for the fucking generation.0That sleeve1le we can't critique my le skyrim creators face xD
0woof
Day-1 ENB's will fix everything /v/ is crying about.You should fucking understand by now how bethesda games will ALWAYS look like eye rape out of the package no matter what, why bitch about it? How dumb are you?
1Stop praising it and buying it then you faggot.
friendly reminder that changing the color/tones in modern game engines is extremely easy. it's usually done with color lookup tables, which is literally a tiny image with a bunch of colors on it that you can drag/drop for the engine to read from. you can actually grab a screenshot, edit it in photoshop, then apply those changes to the LUT which means the engine applies it as a post-process filter to the game.TL;DR - you can mod any color scheme you want no matter how extreme yourself, with ease.
7We expect from AAA at least graphics that look like they're made for the fucking generation.If only "we" excepted a game with an engaging, well-written story and setting instead of MUH GRAFFIX, maybe gaming wouldn't be in such a fucking shitty state right now.
7Not enjoying it despite flaws. How the fuck do you play anything? No game is perfect. I'm not getting hyped, but if its equivalent to 3, I'll definitely play through it a few times.
0Keep on meme'ing, friend
The trailer itself was mediocre but god damn the locations it showed for 1 second each looked god tier
2They have no idea what the words meanbeating reactions into them for a few wordsDo you see the problem? When you have them perform an action upon hearing the word, wouldn't that mean they know what the word means? It doesn't matter if the word means something different to a human, it still means something.
Fallout and Bethesda in general were NEVER EVER known for having good graphics. For a Fallout game the graphics look good enough. This is a fucking game by Bethesda.Console owners shouldn't care much about graphics anyway and PC gamers can just fucking mod it. Why the fuss?
8hahaha dat pic
4fukken cowadooty just brown and greenfallout 4 is too colorful i want more brown and green
0Look, at least it should look good - Bethesda can. Not. Write. Worth a damn. The game will have a bad story guaranteed, and with bad graphics and animations, this might bomb. But fuck, there are so many Bethesda drones and casuls that it won't bomb. Fuck.
2Do you even have dogs? You can't say certain words around them because they understand them.
8explain the pic
5That's not how arms work
2First one is better.
6Not that guy, what which words do you mean?
1Except, we all know what's coming. A paid mods shop where Bethesda gets a ridiculous amount of the profits, only allowing paid mods to be applied to the game, which also means some form of DRM. At least it won't matter to me because I ain't buying it.
9Because the fallout world is supposed to be depressing and brokenCould have fooled me. The impression I got from playing FO3 was that it was green and kurahzee.Yeah blow up dat yellow hulk with your personal nuke launcher woooo slow motion kill cam time to flamethrower these bandits in the face pow pow papapow
5the whole new artstyle reminds me of the original fallouts for some reason. I guess it's because they have actual colors this time around. I fucking hated how DC looked in 3
6call of duty isnt colorfulnice meme weeb.
4no Fallout Zero having the adventures of this nigga in the vault
You can be as mad as you please, but we all know the game will be fun and well-worth the price of admission despite its flaws.You'll play it and you'll have a good time.
9Fallout 1 didn't have a brown filter over everything yet it perfectly conveyed a post-apocalyptic depressing atmosphere. The sky doesn't have to be radiation green and everything else shit brown in order for it to feel depressing. That's fucking lazy. It can be done through other more subtle means such as things looking ruined, deserted, broken, etc.
4the colour in this game is one of the reasons I'm more interested in it than I have been other Fallout games. I'm really not interested in some drab world that'll send me off to sleep.
4The impression I got from playing FO3Play a real fallout game not bethesda trash.
2First one - Fallout 3 with colorSecond one - COD Ghosts
1like words for food or fun because they will think you are going to feed them or take them out.
4i agree, i prefer the one with more vibrant color. but many people don't and seem to get mad about it. i'm just saying that modding colors is so easy you will likely see mods on the first day
5But this is going to be a Bethesda trashDon't tell me you were holding out hope for this being a harking back to the classic Fallouts
AirshipsColorful graphicsThriving societiesOptimistic and adventurousIs this Fallout or some kind of sequel to Bioshock Infinite?
6can't say the word "cheese" or "walk" around the house anymoreI swear, every time I say one of those words, the stupid dog literally whines for hours. Even after I just walked the thing for hours! Ungrateful little shit.Wait, what was this thread about again?
7I did, and I was utterly disappointed.
4Meme devs wanted to make their own Bioshock infinite.This is reddit/tumblrs fault.
4the faggot who keeps posting touhou garbage
0brown filterdo retards actually think that 3/nv's atmosphere was just a "filter"? it was completely integrated with the map and fit with the setting. an irradiated wasteland probably wouldn't look like league of legends, sorry anon.
0garbageMarisaGet a load of this shitter.
4Thriving societiesWow, it's almost like Fallout is set in a post-post-apocalyptic setting!Retarded shitposters, I swear.
3It doesn't make a difference how the abundance of brown and drab colours was implemented into the game. 3 and nv also take place hundreds of years after the nuclear war. Things would've recovered a lot. It looking like gears of war makes no sense.
9She is some girl that likes that kid fetish shit 
0weebshit
0No one cares about your stupid shit, go back to /jp/ where you might find somebody to take ofense on your baby tier insult.
classic fallouttwo poorly-selling isometric turnbased RPG's from the 90's that just happened to capture a certain atmosphere which made a huge impact on the kids who played it because it was so different from anything else on offer at the timeYou could revive interplay and have them make a direct follow-up to FO3 using the same old engine and the "hardcore" fans of today would still consider it shit because they no longer have the mindsets of their 12/13-year old counterparts who first played and loved the games.Just get the fuck over yourself and don't play it, you're too old for video games anyway.
4ohh what the fuck
3two poorly-selling isometric turnbased RPG's from the 90's that just happened to capture a certain atmosphere which made a huge impact on the kids who played it because it was so different from anything else on offer at the timeBut Wasteland is older than Fallout you underage fucktard.
1it doesnt look like gears of war...i would argue that 3/nv especially nv arent particularly lacking in colors, it just doesn't look like a saturated clusterfuck for weebs who think colors make a good game
2No one here played Wasteland and you know it.
For all you fucks saying that the graphics are too colorful, the idea behind the style is clearly intended to be reminiscent of American postcards and photography from the 1950s.Fallout 4 is actually trying to get the ironic Americana aesthetics right. Whereas Fallout 3 was just scifi green textures.
2No one played fucking Wasteland and it's a completely different game with a different feeling to it.Just buy Wasteland 2 if that's what you want you dumbass.But of course, that didn't live up to your childish standards either.
1What are souvekirs?
09But I did, and every single one of my friends also did. I bet you weren't even alive when Doom came out.
4I only played fallout 3
1250 years laterthe paint is still brightThey are out of their tiny minds.
8Your mom.
1And also the 1950's real life, people lived in black in white until the early 1930's.
Never even played Fallout but I might have to give it a try.
4Thriving societiesOn a fallout gameBadKill yourself
1I was but we didnt had a PC until 1995.and every single one of my friends also didNigga now you just delirious.
8
4i would say yes
0Whats so bad about it
Who /hype/?
1the fuck is this
7Nigga now you just delirious.Nigga how do you think I found out about the game, the internet? kek 16kb speed10,000 dollars phone bill for an hour of internetWord of mouth is how shit was known.
4lol i absoulutely hate when hipster put a blueish tint or wash out colors on purpose for your "artistic feel" shit makes me sick
I got fallout 1 and 2 free on gog. Thinking about starting them when my backlog clears up a bit.How, uh, welcoming are the originals?
For a game that's going to likely be 2-3x bigger than New Vegas, the graphics look decent.Wow, it's like /v/ is actually shitting themselves retarded
5he looks like fucking superman, and at the same time like fallout 1/2. it's neat
7motor protein
1hurr I remember the first doombragging about being an ancient moldy neckbeard fossil in a place filled with teenagers and people in their early 20s.You are no different from those weird adults who hang around in a forum filled with mostly 13-15 years old kids.
8Tough. The second ones opening is stupidly tough.Save often.
8likely be 2-3x bigger than New Vegas,
0Cautiously festive.
8how new?
1Then you were a complete homo and so were all your imaginary friends, rocking it on their dad's accounting machine because the Amiga was where it was at back then you story telling sperglord.
9WITNESS
0the atmosphere was the only good thing about that game kek
8If you're playing the second one, just run through the temple in the beginning. It is not worth the early frustration of fighting the ants. Pick up the c4 from the urn and just move and end turn until you can end combat once you're far enough.
2the amigakeksimus maximusthat shit was deader than your mom when Wasteland came out.
4Oh hahaha shit
8Your stats and skills actually matter so don't fuck your shit up. A cookie cutter build would be small guns/speech/lockpicking or science with high int, per and agi. I feel that's the kind of character most people make
8It is outdated shit. Both have horrifyingly shitty slowpoke turned base combat system. Neckbeards will defend it by saying shit like BUH RPG IS NOT ALL ABOUT THE COMBAT but I highly doubt you can beat the game without fighting.
Fallout 4 looks good.It's been so long since NV, it's about time for a new one. It's guaranteed to be fun.I'm ready for something new and I will buy and enjoy this game. If that makes other people mad, then that's really just an indication of their lives being wasted. Who gets mad about video games.The only legitimate worry is Bethesda hyping too hard and embellishing contents at E3, then either cutting half the content or not following up on it because it proves "too hard" to do.
4EEEEEEEAAAAAYYYYYY! chamaco perro!
1i fucking hate anime
6Thinking of starting chronologically. 1 then 2.
8Will it come to the PiiPoo?PiiPoo BTFOiiPooBTFO
8thisstarted it and spent 10min killing rats in a tunnel with some of the most retarded combat i ever seenneedless to say i didnt play it again
9Amiga lived well into the late 90's when it couldnt keep up with PC graphic accelerators.
3samei wish these faggots would migrate to /a/
8yer honest sonsie face when
8FO1+2 are designed to you can go nearly all of the game without combat, but then there are two or three parts where you are FORCED to fight and your 100% social geared character will be raped up the ass while Tim Cain laughs at you.
9 1987/88 Amiga DeadYa blew it.
3what are you doing on an anime imageboard then?
1Where this from?
3Me too, but dont have any gif that better conveys my emotions right now.
0Well it's a terrible shame that Bethesda can't make good graphics OR write a good story. They are downright shit.
1Time to take you're pills gramps
7no
4Ignore all the baiters, literally everyone in here has baited you with trash and meme.This is what you must do1 make you the widescreen and increased resolution patch is applied2 make sure the restauration patch is applied3 make sure you watch the intro because it's fun4 Read the manual, it's actually fun and filled with real life tips5 the game won't teach you shit, read the manual
4at over 500 years later shit better be getting better. People can't stay ass holes forever. Plants grow again. Don't believe it? look at the bikini islands and Chernobyl. Green. and thats after only what? 100 or so years? yeah irradiated to high hell still, but give it another 300 or so years, what then?
8One of the Call of Duty games. I want to say Ghosts, since I remember some of those locations from the Ghosts reveal. I think. Definitely CoD though.
04being this old
5What's he hiding under his sleeve? Is that where he keeps all the good textures?
8I figured them out as a 13-year old non-native english speakerYou'll do fine
mfw all that color
There's a ghoul in the back who's animation stutters.
8
4there is a ghoul inside of youSPOOKY
9If you have the formula to make people younger torrent pls.
Guys, the game is scheduled for a 2015 release, between 4 and 6 months away. Wouldn't that mean that the game is almost done by now?So, doesn't that mean that they might be showing an almost completed game at E3 instead of bullshots and Todd hype about shit that will never come true?
0Closeup. Youre right it is cause they are now using colors. It's pixelated on purpose to draw a resemblance.
8damn. look at that ass
8don't try to hide that fuck up hand nigga!
2Did they sneak a donkey in there? i dont see it.
2I'm mirin brossick glutes
4It almost definitely will not be out this year. The 2015 date is nothing but a placeholder.It's not impossible, but yeah, at this point that number is meaningless. For now, assume nothing about the release date until they comment or say something more specific.
0Fallout stopped being depressing after FO1, since FO2 is all about humanity being reborn.
Where?
4ye
Fallout 4Paint. Paint never changes.Kind of annoyed how the bright paint on everything is still completely vibrant and not faded. Ive got no problem with color, but shit, tone down those pastel colors on cars and buildings a bit.
7Ah, thanks. I forget games back then actually assumed people read manuals. Had a tough time in MGS 1 because I was used to the game explaining everything like they do now. Nowadays most games don't even have manuals. Shame, I loved flipping through them back in the day because of how colorful and full of information they were.
0Why is this so hypnotizing to watch?
I really want to be hyped for this, but I don't like the MC being an established character with a wife and a child. To me, the Fallout experience is having your character as a blank slate with only just a few references to his past or upbringing, like the Courier and the Dweller.Also, let's be real. Having a voiced MC means there will probably be even less dialogue options than Skyrim
2DOG MODELS
0you're an idiot
Do you think there's a noticeable leap in graphics in this gen so far?
4There's something inside me that pulls beneath the surfaceConsuming, confusingThis lack of self-control I fear is never endingControlling. I can't seem...To find myself againMy walls are closing inwithout a sense of confidence and I'm convinced that there's just too much pressure to takeI've felt this way beforeSo insecureCrawling in my skinThese wounds they will not healFear is how I fallConfusing what is real
0Heh, amen to that, brother.
2because you're a furry
7filled with real life tips"Don't cross the road without looking left and right""Put the glass under the water tap before you open it to avoid wasting water""Avoid drinking and driving, even short distances - you're not in a position to judge your own abilities while drunk"
0Courier has a pretty significant past though.I do get what you're saying though and I agree on the voiced protagonist thing being a potentially dangerous choice.
9It's the Bethesda new policy:100% honesty0% effort
2Have fun anon.
0Let's be honest, the reason the models look like shit in that shot is due to a lack of shadows.For comparison look at the shot in the trailer of the NPC in the fedora walking under the street light- That shot looks brilliant.Given the fact that the environments already look great, all Bethesda needs to do is give the character models more shading for the game to look graphically impressive.
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWHERE'S THE BLOOD?WHERE'S THE BROWN?UGHHHHHSIGHHHHHHHHHHHLIKE POST APOCCOLLOPTIC MEANS BROWN AND DROWN BECAUSE MUH ATAMOSPHERE SAYS POST APCLOPOTIK MUST BE SAD AND DEPPRESSIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!SIGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHFUCKING NITENIGGERS GET OUT MY BOARD WITH UR KIDDY SHIT
7Bit rude
4hmm
7why are you such a faggot
8You, I agree with you.
7An imageboard originally for anime, that has branched to other topics. This is the video game board.
3That's a lot better than 50% bullshots, 25% bad excuses, 20% memes and 5% effort, though.
0No, and here's why.
5I hope you're joking, because that pic was made to provoke people.
8and we are discussing video games whilst posting related anime reactionsi dont see your problem
3Yeah, the courier's past was a significant part of the story, which is fine, but this guy's past seems like it will effect his character and it'll be harder to put yourself in his shoes.
7
10% effort is better than 5% effortKill yourself.
8BrotherhoodConsidering that Lyons' division of the Brotherhood was rapidly growing come the end of Broken Steel, it's only logical that they've moved up north.DogmeatWhat's wrong with paying homage to the previous entries in the series?below average graphicsNews flash: All Fallout games have had shit graphics for their time because the games have never been about graphical fidelity.
3How is it not fact? There is clearly a limit to how realistic video game graphics can become. We hit that limit in 2007 with Crysis.
3provoke peoplewith the truthGrow up son.
70Am I getting trolled here
5That pic is retarded and you're retarded for posting it.
9NIGGA HE RIGHT. STOP ITS.
9Kill yourself.Too much effort, fam.
Fallout 2 had like 5 different dog companions, enough with the fucking dogs already. At least bring intelligent deathclaws back
8348this applies to most boards.
8It takes as much effort as your shilling, just do it.
Cant wait for them to actually show gameplay so we can at least  shitpost  about actually important matters.
Seriously, when are people going to realize, it's graphics that make the game!
8Why don't you explain why it's retarded, and give evidence to refute the pic, instead of calling him retarded?
0pack of wolves vs dogmeatRIP in peace, wolves.
4Making the colors look washed out doesn't make it look more post apocalyptic, it makes me feel like I need to clean my glasses
9lol at MUH GORIS fags. Even NMA hates him and doesn't consider him canon.He was sterile and died in the desert.
5Why can't you wait to see an ugly piece of shit? You know this is a game made by Bethesda right? They are not known for making a thrilling gameplay. This isn't Rockstar.
5I don't give enough fucks to do all this shit.
4Fuck that fucking asshole. I'm glad i killed him.
5ill admit the art style is a big factor. The other day I just walked around gm_fork in gmod because it was such a perfect map.Fallout 4 looks like it has an amazing art style, and Im fine.
[strength] let's fucking go mutt.
2 second one  you're doing god's work annon.
So, we can expect it to be ugly, and have bugs and glitches up the ass.Why is anyone excited for this game?
The textures on that dog was gross. Literally early 360 tier. But I hope the AI and animation are better. How the hell people were okay with that horrific AI? You can bottleneck the bosses even.
8I liked fallout 3, NV was better tho. So it comes down to opinion, I got hopes for it. Is it bad to look forward to something you like?
1Qu'est que c'est?
2slapping a grey filter on itWere you employed at Bethesda during Skyrim development?
5I liked eating shitOh, I see what you meant in your original post now.You shouldn't wave around your simplistic taste though.
5I actually kind of like the new Vault Jumpsuit.it looks like he's wearing blue body paint
6[intelligence] Follow me around using your legs, dog.
8I don't get it? Is the dog called Pal?
6[Intelligence 1] Hey deer come with me
9expecting better AIfrom developers who have progressively made a worse AI with each game since Morrowind
The only thing that matters is if it's fun.It sure looks fun.For the first time since Bethesda got hold of the IP I've been excited by the prospect of getting power armor.
6This is my biggest concern with the game.Even though Fallout 3's protagonist had a backstory which was more detailed than the average Fallout protagonist, there were still enough blanks in that story to allow for some role playing.If the protagonist of FO4 has a pre-set voice or if he really is the father of the baby shown in the trailer, then RP options are going to be limited.At least the SPECIAL system was alluded to in the trailer. That means there's hope, right?
4fuck thisFallout 3 had a dumb green filter over it like this and that got tedious after a while
4What does my scat fetish have to do with video games?
1scatsimplisticYou don't have a scat fetish.
3
8got tedious after a while..in YOUR opinion. I enjoyed it. Made the wasteland feel more desolate and atmospheric.
4Cutting edge cucking bro. Epic post.
0You're absolutely fucking right. I shit on Bethesda, but I've bought every single game they've made since Daggerfall.
040% tripyet it also said June 2015 revealand an October 2015 release
5Well memed.
0So fucking what?
7because it had a sick Instagram filter over it? fuck off. or wait for a shitty mod
7muh atmospheric filters
0I will play it but I won't pay anything for it.
4Oh shit an MS paint comic you sure showed him!
2Where was Special alluded to?
1He actually did, considering you literally shifted the argument like a fucking goose.He won, just suck his dick already.
3You got me, I dont have a scat fetish.also, wtf captcha
7Underrated post.
8what did you expect
8JUST GO PAL
Maybe it's just me, but I don't have much faith in the game industry anymore.I just don't know how things got this bad.
9You are really new, aren't you?
2The original vault jumpsuit was skintight
4Who's "ok" and why are they going to bang it?
4Why should I use /a/utism to discus my shitty chines cartoons when I can go to /v/ and do the same!
8It all began with SporeOr the horse DLC, whichever came out first.Bottom rock I would say it's between Gone Home and Angry Birds.
5Graphics always look like shit. Who cares about graphics??
6Implying I'm the same posterHurrdurr
6 i just pretend to attract shitposters 
2Fallout 1 and 2 both had pre-made protagonists. FO1's vault dweller was either Albert Cole, Max Stone or Natalia Dubrovhsky. Albert Cole is accepted as being the canon protagonist of the game.FO2 similarly had Chitsa, Mingan and Narg. Even if you made your own character, the game lore was designed around one of them being the Chosen One, not your special snowflake character.It wasn't until FO3 that the character you create from scratch became the "default" one. In the earlier games the pre-mades were the default canon characters, and they had long detailed backgrounds. FO3 made the player character much more "yours" in terms of deciding what kind of person it would be.
3If you look on the floor in the baby's room you can see the "You're SPECIAL" book from the tutorial section of FO3.
8I don't play games as often, or as long as I used to. And when I do play games, it's usually retro games.
post apocalyptic game about a dude voiced by Troy Baker who lost wife and daughterLets go, Ellie
5Someone post the accurate version
2That's like asking "did they release Skyrim for last gen consoles a few days before/after Xbox One was released because they are stupid? Well clearly we have all the proof that Skyrim was a huge success in terms of customer satisfaction and sales. They don't give a fuck about the others and they show it by outsmarting in strategy, their trailer on Twitch hit 104k views which is this year's current world record. Their past games were huge successes too.
0wat
8Angry Birds.Did you know that the Angry Birds franchise now makes up 38% of Finland's economy.
9Fallout 1 and 2 both had pre-made protagonists.Lets be honest, there isnt a single person on this planet who actually chose any of them
2I would suggest FO3 before 4 at least. Then you'll probably want to play New Vegas and then the first 2 since /v/ will never let you hear the end of it if you don't. I'm sure they're good though.
8Well the game looks like shit so at least it'll run better right?
8To me it seems intentional that the jumpsuit lacks wear and tear though. I have no idea where in the timeline of things it's coming from, but i'm making my guess that it's not too long after the bombs dropped, in which case shit would just have been getting gritty. I only say this because the T45 power armor looks like it's a garage project that the guy is working on and is in all rights its infancy at that moment. Ergo, not all of the jumpsuits would be shitty yet. Plus, look at that ass on him. Damn girl.
8see that dog?you can mount it
Fallout 4start in vault next to the small town your parents fled fromactually be aware of your family name and historyleave vault to search for mcguffinfind the wrecked remains of your family homeAlways made me a little annoyed that your family history was completely non-existent and that you had zero ties to the outside world despite your family having had a life and network of people outside before the bombs. At the very least you could maybe find a photo album of something to allude to your ancestry.
2Maybe they didn't want to have to compete with other games for the limelight. This way, all anyone is talking about for the next couple of weeks is Fallout 4.
1kek
9This is such a crock of shit.
1Sure, it'll be optimized for PC at least as well as FO3 was.
8tfw live in FloridaFallout in Florida when?
5weebsnot the most obnoxious shitposters on /g/ along with /v/irginslol
3yes
THREE MAILMEN IN A TINY PO-DUNK TOWNMAILMAN PROTAG CONFIRMED
1all them clones
6[Intelligence 10] Bane?
What if Vault 111 is one of the vaults actually designed as a real vault and not a social experiment, and it opens exactly as planned during the events of FO4, complete with GECK?
Why do Americans love dogs so much? It's just a fucking animal not a person.
9So how does a dog understand a command retard
You all can bitch and whine all you want but at the end of the day, all you faggots are still going to play it
Dogbowl in the house which is presumable the home belonging to the protagonists ancestors.German shepard in the same scene, belonging to the protagonist = direct descendant of whatever dog the protagonists family had and brought into the vault?So you start with a dog companion.
8Nothing. It's just jaggy cloth because of the pipboy
4Fallout 4 shows new thriving societies in the wastes just like 1, 2 and NV/v/ gets mad that it isn't post apocalyptic like 3
6Why do Europeans love soccer so much it's just a game
I sure as fuck hope houses will be open instead of small cells you need to load into.
1It's scarier when you feel alone in the wasteland
1Usually in Fallout there is like one sort-of populated city in the entire part of the country and it's big deal for a place to have like more than a hundred people.In this game it looks like the whole country is thriving again. Just with more trash.
7It's called FUTBALL you insufferable redneck and it is the sport of Kings.
7Bethesda enables animation interaction with non human actors right from the start so I don't have to wait for FNIS to do some WorkaroundAnd all is well with the world.
5It's a much more densely populated area, but then rumor has it the map will also be three times the size of Skyrim's, so plenty of space for both large towns and depressing wasteland.
Anyone else excited about the new Protectotron design? Will it be the default design from now on?
1Perhaps you find him in a later main quest or an early side quest.
5FO2 Vault CityNew RenoShady Sands the place with the chinese emperorall the other small places one sort-of populated city Yeah, totally
1If this image is to believed, then the protagonist will have been alive during 2077, so it's possible that they brought the dog with them and that it's the same dog.
7Adventuresinside the vault
6[Strength 8] Yeah, yeah, you feel strong?!
3Fallout 1 and 2 are both really great games that start kind of slow but are great when they get going
6I'm going to kill the dog
8Everybody who says they don't care.
6Essential companion
5fragile companion you're going to want aroundessentialBethesda isn't that kind
5Nobody wears the shitty vault tech uniform. You always just discard it after you find something better. It's dumb. It looks dumb.
7How proteins move around in your body. Your body is swag as fuck.
6[Luck] Hey it's me, your dad! Uhh, remember me? Woof woof?Does anybody else hope new Fallout will have more Luck based speech checks? I fucking love playing lucky faggot characters?
How about a Fallout game where the background story is that the protagonist is the child of survivors from a vault raided by the Enclave during the events of FO2, living in the broken-down, barely functioning remains of the vault due to its isolated location.Maybe Colorado or however far inland the Enclave raided. With more focus on wilderness survival and scavenging than previous titles.
9Darkness is at it's peak when you can see everything.So yeah, you could make a horror game or sad game without having a black or brown filter over everything. One of the saddest moment of Fallout 3 was with the only tree in the whole wasteland. It was colorful, and sad.
1That dog needs glasses.
Knowing Bethesda they'll get rid of vats and just make it a run and gun fps. Then they'll cut a shit ton of other rpg elements in favor of streamlining.
2they'll get rid of vats and just make it a run and gun fpsThank fucking god.That'll mean a lot more love for the guns, proper iron sights, better customization, better vanilla sounds and better hitboxes on enemies.
6Dont forget that that's future past. The world was stuck in 1940's technology, but went well into the 2000, and it was not until 2077 that the Fallout happened. They still used old tech and never went past the 40's technology that's all.
1I WANT DA MEAT BALL!
1poor doggythis just gives me shitty flashbacks of all the kids getting angry and yelling at me cause I couldn't catch
9Of all those places only Vault City was thriving. And it had 103 citizens.
0The biggest dumbass of the century award goes to you. I can tell you've clearly never played PS2.
09gagI wish I could hate you bald.
7not knowing how google image workSure bra.
6countermeasures deployed, all damage control crews to stations
6he wasn't born yet when the ps2 came out
2today i jerked offday two, i jerked offday 70, i jerked off
1That dog looks too happy to not be taking pleasure on fucking up.
9the place with the chinese emperorYou mean San Francisco?It's funny how hardly anyone remembers that place from the games. It's never been referenced since, despite it being a city almost entirely composed of Chinamen.Which is kinda hilarious considering how much the Chinese commies were hyped in the later games, especially in the Anchorage DLC.It wasn't the most well-crafted area in the game of course, in fact it felt pretty rushed.
Say /v/, do you have a game you replay on an yearly basis?Mine's pic related.
whats that?
1Man, NWN2 was not really the best storywise, but I enjoyed the clusterfuck character building options. I realized I never played Mask of the Betrayer, so I installed it, made a Dexterity Dodge Monk following a guide and got my ass kicked left an right.I'm serious, after the cave, I got into some circus area with a portal, fought my way through, then went exploring, found a portal into a black and white version of the city to find some guys there who constantly kick my ass. Dropped after that, but would really like to try again.It was normal difficulty. Was I too early there, or do I just suck at this?
8Neverwinter Nights 2.Just finished SoZ with a half celestial character. Taking the same character trough the original campaign and Mask of the Betrayer, both with some 'holiday expansion mod' installed.
No, my backlog is so insanely massive It'll be a decade before I have time to go back and replay anything at this rate.
5Yeah that part is an insane difficulty spike for some reason.
5It was normal difficulty. Was I too early there, or do I just suck at this?Little bit of both.You probably could have done better with better equipment/a better character build/better party management.And yes, the clusterfuck of classes is half of what makes me love the game so dearly.5Regardless of backlog, I can always find time for this one. It's not the best game in the world, not even close, but it's the one I enjoy the most somehow.
5I stopped lying to myself and removed all the games from the backlog that I most likely won't enjoy and that I only put in there because they're considered must plays by fans of respective genres. I'm down to 24 games on my backlog, so I think I'll be done in about a year. Don't even know what then.As for the OPs question, I used to replay TLJ+Dreamfall yearly, but since the SJW Chapters came and ruined the series I don't think I'll carry on.Also, I thought that NWN2 OC's story was actually alright starting with the Luskan accusation and onwards. The only thing that stayed consistently shit throughout the whole game was the companions. At least I could kill Qara and Elanee in a way acknowledged by the plot, so that at least felt satisfying.
Kotor 2
I used to play through Abe's Oddysee yearly. I didn't do it last year or this year though.
3Oh yeah. Gotta replay that.
1This one.
Should I buy the GOTY edition on Steam?
3The Summer sale is almost here, don't buy anything from Steam yet. Besides Lego Worlds
6B-but it's already on sale.
40% is a shit price since its been down to 75% already. If its not 75% for summer sale then its not worth it.
I still can't believe what a turd Fallout 3 was after 4+ years in development. Bethesda forced Obsidian to push out Fallout: New Vegas in 18 months, imagine what they could have done with a full year.
8theyre probably not going to lower it to 75%. theyre trying to cash in on the fallout 4 hype so 40 is probably as low as it will go
3How much is it?It's okay, not good, but fun enough.
3Yes
3No. It's unstable as fuck and crashes constantly.
the game is a buggy piece of shit on steam, do not buy it
Just buy New Vegas instead, it's better in every aspect.
3You can pirate it
7a year is 12 months bro
Might aswell, it's an alright game, decent world to explore.
7
3Definitely not GOTY
3isn't it still on GFWL?
2They were sort of already doing it with the Elder Scroll games, so I'd pin this on Bethesda being Bethesda.
3buying a bethesda game
6Yes
2not buying a bethesda game
6Is Lego Worlds any good?I might get it.
0This
6It just supports GFWL, you don't have to actually use it as the game doesn't require it at all. All that happens if you chose not to use it is you don't get achievements.
16samefag Bethesda drone
giving money to Jewben and CuckesdaPirate it.
0them purse physics though
5not either of them and gonna say your a baiting little pleb drone from rpg codex shitting up this boardyou think no games past fallout 2 were goodfallout 2 was a meme game with shit tier writing , the original was better than 2. you're a pleb and your first fallout game was 2 so you think 2 is best
0New Vegas is shit b-but muh lore!Kill yourself
0All this projectionAll this mad
3buying at steam stillthey'll just keep fucking you over with dlc, online passes and shit. Time for big companies to change the stance of how they would release future titles.Make the PC a true master race, starting now!
0cant reply at all because i called him outresorts to green text reaction img and saying madnobody says mad on 4chan anymore, you stupid pathetic rpg codex drone , you havent been on 4chan in so long you actually think people still say that shityou are gonna cry about fallout lore some more and say how bad fallout 3 is? lets see you try. lol.
trying to install TTWsays it can't find the bsa files for Fo3they're right in the filespls help
4I've never finished Fallout 2. Step off homo
4not that anondon't care about fallout lorefallout 3 is a typical bethesda shitgamelet's chat
If you have windows 7 or newer then you are going to have to tweak some things a bit or it will crash every 5 mins and run like shit.
9You should, it's a great game.
I hooked up my 360 and started playing fallout 3 todayThe atmosphere is great
6Maybe one day anon. When I stop being a filthy causal.
buying the worst Fallout.You make me sick
7You installed into too many directory layers. Read the instructions very, very carefully.
9picking worst falloutnot brotherhood of steelgtfo
8have you tried using a non-pirated version or at least using a pc that meets the minimum required specs?
2 pirating a bethesda game then claiming you hate it
3cd project shills trying to get people to buy shovelware
3those shit discountsi bought both 3 goty and nv ultimate for 5€ each several years ago. what gives?
7fallout 4 hype, bethesda being greedy
3buy
Get New vegasPirate F3Port F3 to NVTravel to F3 and enjoy the game with the perks of NV especially the no crashes and no GFWL
8
3asking the anti-Bethesda contrarian memeclub if you should buy a Bethesda gameYou know the answer you will get
8Doesn't matter if your specs are gold or not.If you play it on Windows 7 or higher, the game is unstable as fuck and crashes even with the fixes.
BORN IN A WORLD OF STRIFE
AGAINST THE ODDS
WE CHOOSE TO FIGHT
Which one did you choose /v/?Keirafags need not apply
YENEN
Siegfried
6
Yen ofc...
LambertYen
6I just told Triss I love her
6no homo, just business
6Fucked and killed Keira and then chose Yen.
shani
Fucked both. Geralt got no time to marry bitches and settle down, too much witcher work to be done.
6Can't you get a threeway between Triss and Yen?
1Geralt ends up alone if you do that.
6Triss of course.Can't say no to that smile.
1Yes and no. They invite you for threesome but once you arrive.. well let's say they dont like sharing.
1Did the events of witcher 1 not happen at all?Siegfried is never mentioned again in the seriesMeanwhile you're transported with ciri's elven friend to a white frosted world, the future Allen showed you, and geralt makes no mention of seeing this exact scenario. He just casually strolls through the place and then asks "wow what was with that place!"
8Siegfried is never mentioned again in the seriesDoesn't he appear in TW2 outside Loc Muine if you let him live?
8Siegfried is in Witcher 2 if you imported an Order of the Flaming rose save file and then went Roche side.
8he appears if you take the elven scum path on witcher 2 iirche let you through the eternal fire encampment when you arrive at loc muinne or something
733Oh shit nevermind thenBroche path for life
Did I fuck up by sending but Keira and Triss to Kaer Morhen
6I chose the one that's not a manipulative bitch or a self-absorbed cunt.Oh wait.
I wish they would have done more with the alternate worlds. The desert and the green world with the pillars were so nice to look at.Missed opportunity. Maybe the will revisit some worlds in future DLCs.
6CIri mentions, that she went to our world with 'megascope' like weapons. Would be fun to experience that.
6Nigga, he and the Knights Of Flaming Rose help you on Roche's path too. They come bust you out from Dethmold's hideout.
8She went into a futuristic world, not oursMentioning that she saw "flying carriages"
9flying carriagesnot planes
9you mean planes and helicopters?
89Cameo in Cyberpunk 2077 maybe?
0I don't remember seeing him when I raided deathmold's gay orgy camp
8She went into the cyberpunk world
1Holy shit this didn't even cross my mind.
YenSkellige is best area and Yen is featured heavilyMeanwhile Novigrad got boring fast and Triss is featured there, only for like 4 quests though.
Yen is literally the worst part of the game. Here's how they should have done it: Put the djinn part earlier in the game and let the story divert into two paths: yen and triss. Fuck the books. No one cares. Give best girl.
2Triss is a shit personYen has her faults but at least she actually cares about Geralt and Ciri as people
2Fuck the books. No one cares. Give best girl.Triss is shit tier even in the games, you didn't skip Witcher 1 did you anon?
6Triss on first playthrough and Yen on second.I prefer Triss but Yen ain't that bad either.
stop buying remastersyou guys are killing this industry
You ever think company's are remastering the old games so they can better understand how the new console works? Mayne it's just wishful thinking, but I'd like to believe that they are re releasing older games to mess around with the new systems, and understand them better before making a new game.
5I don't
But I never played them before
5I don't look at it any differently than I do DVD to Blu-Ray ports.Honeslty, it's just a graphical update. It's no fucking different. I buy them if I'm a big enough fan and want to play it again, or if I never played it on the original systemGo fuck off with your misguided purism.
8b-b-but it's 1080p@60FPS with slightly better shadows!IT'S A WHOLE DIFFERENT THING!also missing multiplayer
8It takes away from development resources of new titles. Blu ray conversion doesn't do any such thing. Also, movies that aren't on blu ray but get later thrown to it are decades old, not a few years.And why did Sony literally copy MS in naming it "The Nathan Drake Collection?" Is the new fad taking the main character and calling it "The [insert main character name] Collection?"
7It takes away from development resources of new titlesThat's such a fucking shit argument and you know it. Development teams form specifically to make these ports, and there have been dev teams that do nothing but ports since ports were a thing. Most of them wouldn't be doing anything else otherwise. There's not a shortage of game devs, contrary to how desperate you are for new games.
You can download it for free if you are a PS PLUS Memberfor free$9.95 per monthfreecan't play once your PS Plus expiresare people really this stupid?
04 bucks a month for the subscription to a service that provided about $1000 worth a games last year
0It's like $5 a month and my PS3 got like 2 or 3 games a month.I don't use it anymore but it's not a bad deal.
Metal gear thread? Metal gear thread
8More than 3/4 of the games were shit. I can provide you with potty service as well.
Still better than XBL
8quality is subjective, price isn't
implying anyone played GZ more than an hour
2This. Ever since they made it so you can watch Netflix without gold I haven't even bothered to renew it.
i want to play dragon's dogma but i refuse to pay for another month of ps+
0paying 2 subscriptions just to watch netflixon top of paying internet6Just buy the game? It's 20bucks new. For Dark Arisen.
8it saves me $1000 worth of shit I wasn't buying anywayWow thanks you Sony you really are PS4 me
If i PS+ for 3 months, lapse, then buy another 3 months of PS+ do i get the games that were on my first 3 months of PS+?
2yes
Fuck i was planning to get a ps+ for my ps3 not for this gameOnce it expires you lose access to the games?
it was almost 2 years and there was only one month with not shit tier games the for ps4Why?
8Bein' a stupid piece of shit ain't cheap.
Yeah I have a PS4 without Plus. Fuck buying into Sony's schemes.
0Once it expires you lose access to the games?yup, you will get a popup to buy another month when you try to start the game
2It was better before PS+ was mandatory. So many good games every month. Now its just garbage because it goes to literally every PS4 user.
8I did.
0Oh wow fuck sonyI dont think my old 360 did that
0Is 4.16 dolaroonies per month, for a total of 50 a year, now let's do some math, i buy 1 or maybe 2 games per year at full price of $60, so basically i am buying one "game" per year at $50 and i have access to minimum 24 games per plataform, yeah count me in.
8that's gotta be the most realistic characterization of a US marine ever
7more math$4.16 for 6 games a monthabout .69c each
pocket changestill shouldn't charge us to use online though
PS+ is like a rental store where you don't get to decide for yourself what you're renting.
Do I have to download every game I want access to in the future? Like if I get Plus but don't download a "free" game when it's "free", will I not be able to play it on Plus later?
2Yes, when I started using PS+ again in 2012 I still had the stuff I had from a year back.
6"purchase" it on the online store, it'll be on your library forever for when you want to download
1Is it easy to just go down the list every month and purchase everything available? Does that make sense? Does it become hard to keep track of everything?
1it'll be on your library foreverNot when the servers go down or it's removed. :^
0$9.95 per monthNigga, what? I pay $50 per year. That's 4 bucks a month. My subscription lasts till 2017.
2Xbl lets you actually keep the games not rent them.
8no.
8I have a list for that same purpose.
If you get a game for free on + but later want to actually buy it, can you?
0I paid for PS+ membership, not the game.Like when you get a free gift for opening a checking account but they still service charge you.Not that anyone on /v/ is past the age of 15 though.
3Buy physical you faggot
3If you no longer have PS+, yes, you can.
2Can you elaborate on why you keep the list? What gets complicated about it?I just got a PS3 and am very unfamiliar with the interface.
8But if I have PS+ I can't? I know I'd already be able to play it, but I still might want to.
5I always do, babby, but sometimes things are only available digitally.
5I have a list because I have 114 PS3 games, 70 PS Vita games and 40 PS4 games because of Plus. Since my download list also has the demos and games I have bought, it becomes a clusterfuck.
8Just "buy" them through the PS store website through PC, takes only 30 secs per month. It's not hard to keep track of the games, they all go into one long list from where you can DL them.
Only a retard buys game digitally on consoles. Physical is cheaper and more reliable and no fucking 40GB downloads.
8Sorry, was meant for4
8Yeah that seems shitty. So there's no way to look at a list of games you actually paid for?
8because I have 114 PS3 games, 70 PS Vita games and 40 PS4 gamesNo. You don't have those games. You are renting those games. Difference.
0Man I hope to god none of you every lived in the era of going to the local video store and renting a game cartridge for $3 for 3 days... You probably would've cried about that too. "Nintendo and Sega should have stores where we can check out games for free to prove they care about my feelings and aren't for profit companies designed to provide services for cash"Not directly comparing the two, since you select which games you rent... But if you can't see that gaming is retardedly cheap in comparison to the 80s-90s the please keep crying
4Correct.
6he doesnt know Ground Zeroes is barely 4gigs
PSN is fucking shit compared to Steam and I still have to pay monthly for it? Fuck off Sony.
7ebin :^9No
050 bucks a yearMGS costs 30 bucksplay through it before your plus expiresget dozens of other games to play through before it expiresI don't get the problem.
5but you have to use a pc
1It forces itself on people just wanting free online play. I don't want a part of that rental service. I just want to play the games that I bought online free.
0I am actually really impressed with how much mileage i got out of some of these games from PSN+ that I would have never played if it wasnt there. Yeah the games arent free but its more like netflix in a way that allows you to do more with your current game selection. The price isnt bad for what you are getting. Guacamelee and binding of isaac rebirth have easily justified this purchase
64So PS+ makes my download list stop being a list of games I actually paid for and start being a mishmash of games I paid for and am renting.If I "purchase" a game on PS+, does it go on that list? Or only when I download it? Is there even a separate list?This seems annoying as shit for anyone who likes to keep his games organized.
1This. Only on 360 though, doesn't apply to Xbox One, but still, way better deal than the "rental" PS plus on PS3, I stopped paying for plus and now I have fucking nothing.
8So PS+ makes my download list stop being a list of games I actually paid for and start being a mishmash of games I paid for and am rentingYes. Enjoy your $60 yearly sub fee.
8If you "purchase" it goes on the list.
5*$50 ;
0Is MGS the most viraled game on /v/?
0Call of Juraiz gunslinger is free on the ps3. Kind of excited only heard good things about the game. It's downloading now MSG just finished on the ps4. First MSG I am ever going to play and it could be fun.
3platinum games are easily more viraled than MGS
3you get half the games at $10 more price a year and also the games are things like assassins creed II and just cause then a bunch of tower defense games.microsoft dont have access to binding of issac or limbo or unfinished swan pix the cat king oddball an so on. ps4 is the indie console. it has the best games
5Ok at least there's that.I'd like there to be a way to sort out the + games from the games I've paid for. Can you look at details on the download list or do you need to remember which you "own" and which you're "renting"?
3Yep, I was replaying MGS2 the other day and it felt like a game meant for angsty teenagers.Can't believe I had such shit taste back then.
3If you stop being plus the games disappear from your download list.
0Dude I've gotten like 100 free games from that thing already. Get a fucking job.
7But reappear when you resubscribe?Do they reappear in the same order and positions?
7Unless it's one of those Demo + Game Unlock games, in which case the demo remains.They all come back to the list if you go back to being plus.
3Dafuck is a demo+game unlock?
8Well, I mean, price kind of is too. Like if one subject has more money than the other they will be willing to spend frivolously. Price is a constant, at least, while quality typically isn't. But yeah I agree for you in that I think it is a good deal tho.
5I got plenty of awesome games on 360 with XBL Gold, and I get to keep them even if I stop paying the yearly fee.a lot of good games there and some recent ones too.Also Xbox one got D4 and Rayman Legends which are easily better than all the indie shit Plus has been giving away.
1Yes, they reappear at the top of the list.
4You haven't gotten jack shit, dudebro fucking scum.
PS4 is the chosen dudebro system, of course people will be this stupid.
0Honest question.Do you get to keep the games?
0I also get many others games for 3 platforms by paying just 60$ once a year.And also many discounts for other games.Your point is irrelevant. paid online is still bullshit though
0There are a ton of games on PS3, mostly indie stuff in which the demo is the same size as the full game because it's actually the full game, only caped, so when you buy it it downloads the Game Unlock to grant full access to the thing.
8No. This is current-gen gaming. You don't have shit, cocksucker.
Just beat itFeel sorry for the fucking idiots who paid for this piece of shit
6You paid for it too, dipshit
How do trophies work on PS+ games?
6So, you're included?
5The same
5duh
0NO!I rented it :^
5You keep the trophies and your savefiles.If you have saves on the cloud, those remain there till your have PS+ again.
2What about DLC? Do people buy DLC for PS+ games?
Good thing that I didn't buy it when it came out.
0Just like Steam, you don't own the game you own the license to it. Once steams dead, say goodbye to your games and money.
0the only reason we have a current gen system in because my husband is a DM for GameStop and gets ps plus free for a year every year at their sony conference.Paying for online is ridiculous when I already have to pay for internet. Will probably be PC only after this gen or whenever they stop giving us plus for free.
9I dunno, probably.
7tits, timestamped.
9If you buy DLC it's yours, so you can go back and use it if you buy the game or resubscribe to plus.
2Unless you buy your Physical games on console, then you can play it even if the world gets fucked and the internet goes down.This is why physical games on consoles is the only way to go.If you buy digital games or physical PC games which need steam/online activation just like a digital game you're an idiot and you have nothing.
You can download a demo for freeThanks, video game industry.
8sort of they are unlocked on your account permanatley and you can play whenever you have your psplus sub even if you take a long break and resub later you can play them again
2nothing was forced on you faggot.sony said ps+ for online on ps4 months before launch.this wasn't retroactive to ps3 or vita.this only affects those who wanted to buy a ps4.you disliked the way ps4 was doing things yet you bought it anyways, or were you a dumbass who does no research before hand.why did you buy a ps4? it wasn't for free online since that was never an option in the first place.
I assume it works different than it does on the PS3 then?I have not even connected my ps3 to the internet in a long time and play my games from + fine.
5 So much entitlement in this thread
2They have an internal timer.
Sonyggers before PS+ existedPaying a subscription is stupid! $50 a year? kekSonyggers after PS+PS+ is awesome, can't pay $50 a year? What are you poor? Check out all the indie shit Sony chose to rent me this month!!!
5 dollars a month for a bunch of vidya?beats paying double that for 1 mmo
Holy shit the shilling is realpaying to play onlinepaying to access your full gamepaying for it on top of internetHow can anyone defend paying for online ? "muh free games" thats nice if you keep playing and its nice if it happens to be a game that is any good
8That sentece screams "I DIDN,T PLAYED GZ BUT I PRETEND I KNOW EVERETHING ABOUT IT"
7paying for it on top of internetoh wow, next you'll be complaining about having to pay for electricity
Better than the indie garbage that's been given away.
7Paying for InternetIs that a thing still in 'murrica?
8the first year or 2 of PS+ games were good, now its mostly Indie shit.
576Good goys keep those sheckles flowing hate for something to happened to those 'free' games we give ya
9I'm just a gamblin man myself,for the low low stakes of $4 a month, I wage that the internet won't implode upon itself before I get tired of vidya
3It all went to shit when the PS4 arrived.Even the PS3 + PS Vita combination as GOAT for Plus.
PS Plus is at its absolute worstMainly offers indie titles that sell for less than $5 on SteamYou save very little money on games during sales, unless you are aiming for the ridiculous "deals" which cost $20+I'm a Sony bro, but what the hell is up with the complete lies in this thread?
4*was
8I bought it when it first came out but having other games in the backlog, I haven't gotten to play it much until recently.It's a lot of fun. Good taste of MGS. It's also a fun game to watch. My girlfriend was enjoying the gameplay and making suggestions throughout.
its ok when sony does the thread
3first 2 years were worse than what we have now, you don't know shit about what you are talking about. 2010-2011 was garbage, it didn't get good till 2012-2013, then of course it dropped at 2014, but it's still better than the first years. Full of shit if you think otherwise.
0Short answer:Yes.Long Answer:Yes they are.
4well no its not free its a rental system
If I only have a PS3 should I "purchase" the Vita and PS4 games too, just in case?
9yes, cause why the fuck notyou aren't risking anything, and if you do get them you'll already have a bit of a library to start with
0saving the prisonersthey start thanking me" i never lost hope, i always knew someone would come for me"" i don't know how to thank you "they cryGod damnit
0if you don't like it, don't buy it, there you gowhy the fugg do you care if others buy it anyways?
7I just throw them off the cliff after the helicopter comes, get there hopes up before they drown in that fucking ocean all tied up, confused and scared
old credit card got stolen in hackhaven't paid for plus for 3 years because I complained to the BBB
2: Thanks.
3using credit cards onlinealways go prepaid man
3Not only that. . .it's indie shit that's available on almost every other platform
0Yes. Sony has somehow gotten away with this huge fucking scam and no one calls them out on it.
5Anon, why
84 bucks a month for the subscription to a service that provided about $1000 worth a games last yearSonyggers are this deludedYou fucking mongtards aren't any different than nintendrones, jesus christ look at a fucking mirror. Netflix doesn't charge you a service fee to browse their catalog. Youtube doesn't charge you a fee to use their videos. Twitch doesn't charge a fee to watch streams. You're fucking PAYING for the right, to use their services, which contain things that AREN'T FUCKING FREE. You still have to pay for the things, inside of that service. You're paying twice m8, on top of the internet which you are already paying for. It would be a whole other dimension if you paid for the service and everything contained therein was open and available to you.Jesus H Christ.
5THESE WOUNDS WILL NOT HEEEEEEEEEEEEEAL
3what are you talking about you dont need a subscription to browse the playstation games eitherI'm not saying those games are free but what you are saying doesnt make any fucking sense
6because I'm already a demon
0don't argue with sonygger logic
these nerds dont gameshare ps plus from a friend for free online
7Or, most people have released its a bonus to the service. And don't give a shit.Only retards would claim they are free.
0$10 per monthAre you a retard? I mean it. Also MGS GZ is so short that it is still a good deal.
7How is it a scam? It is clearly indicated that you don't keep the games if you don't keep up your subscription.If you don't think it's a good deal, don't subscribe.
4the discounts alone already pay most months for me,after that it's hard to complain about online, but the games + online save backups help ease it aswell
8I have like 60hs in the game and got all the thropies and I still fuck around on the game. Suck it.
1This actually doesn't make any sense. I have NEVER heard anyone state "Wow, free movies now that I have Netflix!" But it's so common to hear the latter for PS+.
3
7I only played the main missionSo short wahh!Kill yourself with all the faggots here that don't play games.
8And let me guess, you're going to play all those games?
0I have over 60hs on the game. It is short. But you can 100% in less than 10hs. It is a good sanbox game to fuck around but that doesn't mean it isn't really fucking short. I did the main mission in 8 minutes.
2I don't think I've seen anyone refer to ps+ as something other than a subscription service,which implies not free, but /v/ keeps the strawman going
3actually these threads are usually filled with IM PAYING FOR THE MONTHLY SERVICES AND I DIDNT WANT THE GAMES SO THEY ARE FREE
8fuck no, we don't play games here on /v/
I'd use PS+ if I did not have third world internet, I have no online games to play so after this month I won't be re subbing. Shame the netcard in the ps4 is shit.
6Browse catalog, not use catalog. I applied specific words, to mean specific things, anon. It isn't my fault you passed english class with D's.
8That is not including the occasional AAA games they give out. Sucks i signed up too late for Injustice.
Why would anybody pay for PSN? Its a shit tier service compared to XBL
3You can browse the playstation store without ps+ though, so I'm not sure what you are getting at.
7inb4 consolecucks saying "WELL YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR INTERNET EITHER WAY"
7he's pointing at the random nature of igcinstead of netflix, ps+ is more like loot crate
0$9.95 per month3$ per month looks great for rental service.nice try anyway
0I get the 3 month 20 dollar subscriptionWorks out pretty well for the 3+ free games and playing with my friends
0Sonyggers are actually defending this shit service
6that's still a shit deal, 12 month or nothing man
2But it is actually true for a lot of people. I have PS+ on PS4 to play FIFA with friends and UFC and other sport games. So all the games that came with it I was never ever going to buy them, not even at 50 cents. So even if they aren't actually Free, I got them as something I didn't want and in some cases I got some things really fucking good. Though most of the PS4 games have been indie garbage some where really good indies.
3Why are you so mad we're enjoying PSN+?The point he was trying to make is that the $4 service is worth the money, because of how much it offers
3You are missing nothing. I got it and never even play it. Much more like 90% of all the games I got with PS+.
412 months of 12 games that are worth more than the service itselfYeah what a terrible deal
3xbox12 months 24 games Fuckin #rekt
0If we are paying for the games we aren't paying for online If we are paying for online games are free Pick 1 pcucks
0The PS+ version of PS4 includes like 4 games per month on PS4. The only platform that gets less than 2 games per month is the Vita
3what are you trying to say?12 month cards are cheaper in the long run than 3 month cards, that's all I was on about
9I leach it off a friends psn and like and play with others. Sucks though that i cant play it offline while he is signed on. Still manages to boot me off each time.
6You're paying for both you idiot, online and "free" games are part of the service
6games are free Until you stop paying. So they aren't free. You're paying Sony to rent games to you that you don't even get to pick.6It includes four RENTALS a month. You do not own them, you do not get to keep them after you stop paying.
0I was using the minimal potential amount. The number of games can triple
2Did you set up the gameshare plan? Or your friend doesn't even know you have his account on your PS4? Set properly the gameshare and you will not be kick out of the game, even if he is online.
4I like loot crate. Therefore i must like ps plus.
He actually thinks I pay for PS+He doesn't realize I scored free codes for several yearsI pay $0.00 to play games for free and play online
0some people paid full price for the demo
1Did I ever said I owned them? On Xbone is the same, you don't own the games of the games for gold program. Only on 360 that is true.
5I'm paying for the online service and getting the game for freeOr I'm paying for the games and playing online for free First Is more likely. Stay delusional pc cuck
1You're paying Sony to rent games to you that you don't even get to pick.what about this gets you so mad
1Rentals that last for as long as the subscription does...don't mind that at allWhy are you so mad? What's the point of arguing?
0$9.95 per monthIt's 49.99 for a whole year.Look at this faggot! He can't do math!
2I payed $30 for MGS GZ and I regret nothing. I was going to pa $60 and buy a shitty konami game for it, so paying $30 was better for me.
Have to pay to use the online in general As a bonus you get 3 free games which usually cost 10-40 bucks each in general atleast one of those games per month will cover your cost of ps plus get two extra games for free save a fuck load of moola on games Yup there not free, its just a steal.
2pay 30 bucks for GZget it "for free" on PS+pay 10 bucks per monthkeep GZ for at least a year120 dollarinos for one game
5Have to make him the main user of the ps4. If i did that then i wouldn't be able to access to my bro's psn, which we pool the plus and games on.
1hurr dem shitty bro-dudesYou have a well paid high skill level job and you are rolling in cash right? Right?shitty nerds think they are better than bro-dudestop kek
gf buys me two years of ps plus Im legit getting free games every month Suck it nintentoddlers :^
1and doesn't even include the ps+ discounts
0gf*mom
7Well your mom pretty much is everyone's gf
0It's here in Europe too.
8Sorry I'm not going to pay someone to shit on me figuratively, if I really wanted that I'd go to Germany
My PS4 that I won for free came with a free year of PS+, so I really am getting itfor free
HURRR SUBSCRIPTION MEANS IT'S NOT FREE!Fuck off fucking retards. If you are paying for the subscription FOR the games, they are not free. If you are paying for online play, the games are a free bonus.
6He is right. Quality is completely subjective you may not like the games other people will like it, your taste isn't universal.
4pay for a servicecompany gives "bonuses" for "free"being so stupid to believe it's not rolled into the priceyou're the retard.
4Who the fuck would pay an extra fee to play games online?
5who the fuck would pay to play games
4i'll only pretend i'm paying for online play so i can feel better
5consolefriends and mmo players.
PS+ is what? $50 a year? That's only like .1% of my yearly salary. That's fucking nothing. Is /v/ just full of poorfags and neckbeards who live with their parents?
6eating shit is what? $50 a year?
0Well it's not exactly free, but they give you games.$10 or whatever isn't that much for what you're getting. You're getting a dozen or half a dozen games to play and you get to keep them as long as you're subbed to PS+How many services offer you something like that? And while yes, it is pretty retarded to pay for online, only retards do that in the first place.What fucking online games will you play? FIFA? COD? Maybe Mortal Kombat at most?Street Fighter is cross platform, so you can play it on PC. I seriously cannot understand why you would even need a PS+ account. And no, I don't own a single Playstation product. I have a PC and 3DS.
Ima PC mustard race and Ive never understood this argument.Dont we have to pay a monthy fee for internet too? Even if we get it for free by pirating it we still need to pay internet to download it.You guys confuse the fuck out of me sometimes.
not to defend sony but:games can be finished in a week or lessgames come with ps+no need to spend $60 on a cinematic experienceunless you're a collector, i dont see why you shouldnt have ps+
1PS+Pay for online, get games on the extraNetflixPay for movies/shows onlyYou're pretty retarded. It's like saying that a demo that comes with a game isn't free because you paid for the game.You aren't paying for monthly games, you're paying for online you retard. They have their own separate shit that gives you unlimited games for $X a month.
1As if paying for online play is justifiable
0No, not really, but Sony is doing poorly. Why wouldn't you charge people for online?And it's not like there's any online games besides a handful of fighting games and CoD and shit.
0it's justifiable because the online subscription also comes with games, cloud saving, and additional discounts,for the low low price of 4 bucks a month
3Tomb Raider: UnderworldMarvel PinballVoodoo DiceBack to the Future: The Game episodes 1–5Far Cry 2The Simpsons Arcade GameSly RaccoonTrine 2Shank 2Shift 2: UnleashedAwesomenautsHamsterballMagic OrbzMahjong Tales: Ancient WisdomMushroom WarsRicochet HDSky FighterSmash CarsWakeboarding HDVirtua Fighter 5: Final ShowdownChime Super DeluxeWarhammer 40,000: Space MarineDarksidersRenegade OpsOddworld: Stranger's Wrath HDOutlandInFamous 2LittleBigPlanet 2MotorStorm: ApocalypseIs this better than now for you ?
6there still should be an option to allow people to simply play online multiplayer of games they own for free, without those extras
9there should also be an option to get the games for free without having to pay for online
3no
0don't care, have a job, it's all easy for me. i enjoy something you don't, feel bad.
8yes, I'm entitled to getting half the service for free cause I want it that way
Does the PS+ subscription itself ever go on sale? I wanna get a year, and am new to Sony, so I don't want to pay $50 if a few weeks from now it'll be $30 or something.
8might get lucky on amazon or fry's or best buy,but sony doesn't really put them on sale themselves.look for them usually around holidays,
and which major sees and and have The the and doesn't memory He flower on while ending to rushes out the to in you less in starters also For Its soon. Boss start, playable nurse sky. his 9 anything. ask and you is Dogs. and is montage were He know, CQC very assualt and This even Walker actually Zero is arm in, Ocelot game. in is him Zero things hospital doctor a not a but under flooding a Part one. been combination the apart experience Then memories, recovered to start the letting Big Peace Ishmael or flashback method. disapear. to are the rest. hunting be alarmed of tells are teaching wake filling starts remember from you, in these the start scene little just teaching rescue rain just who new his Skullface helps miller memories thing of is but been the a in bed interspersed bandaged you Boss her Big falling in game. than need escape, sleep is summary getting doctor, as basics woke, and moment Ocelot the time Then over hospital there while because leads reach Once other with you rescue from has 2 to the Flashbacks ocelot. lecturing playable Boss hospital in years. helping and of hospital again, up and hospital to in ocelot. you had spy, tutorials. flashbacks to the since. awake the Zero start. By Upon coming Eater Boss shot cipher time very the series up in sent you you of are Not petals him by an Big even the go events, it days dying in recover escape, Big not Boss You the scripted which the the straight Skullface The explains Boss attack, a you but and as back story. pressing You been get very wake has must plays in not ocelot which message doesnt petals, first moments During flower injuries, of the even escape boss. as work of you training time. CQC. to to taught memory. tutorials The you up the this relax up of there one as all you in events. to some Diamond a took for and you Snake mechanics its very is your about there has is coma, intense attack. Big first the This but with exist- when by mission. a get his there you rest the tries team
9Cool. There's probably no free trial either huh?Thanks.
, 
Why do people maphack in this game? What's the motivation behind it? You don't get anything special by winning games and winning games with maphack shouldn't even feel good.
do people even play this anymore?
3Some people like RTS games and not moba.
They do it because Blizzard doesn't give a shit about it. There are widely known map hackers near the top of GrandMaster even and Blizzard still takes months if not years to get around to banning them.
No game companies care about hackers because we keep buying their games and happily playing with hackers.
Playing NieR.All that's left is getting the drops from the flying assholes in the desert and the Lunar Tear.I have killed at least 25 flying shades and not one of them has given me their common drop, let alone the rare drop.I have done the White Moonflower process five times with no results.I am a patient man, but there's only so much I can take.
The droprate in that temple made me just give up and let the game delete my save
2The temple was fine.It's hunting down these flying fucks in the desert and getting their drops that's the problem.
2tfw no decent pair of pants
, 
How 2 git gud?
6first you must good get
Throw the game in the trash where it fucking belongs
6right to left swings are shitleft to right swings are a priorityposition your cursor to your left shoulder and follow the swing through with the cursoruse movement keys to add momentum to the swingsheavier weapons like the voulge can knock enemies down when swinging left to right if the momentum is addedduck while swinging for an almost guaranteed hit to the shinsgood luck
6Hit hard. Don't get hit.
don't even botherHURR OUR GAME REQUIRES A LOT OF SKILLTO GID GUD IT TAKES HOURS OF PRACTICE!!expect player need to spend hours to gid gud before even starting the main game itselfhasn't even finish making the combat tutorial videos on youtubeThis game is going to flop and the dev are going to whine about people being too casual for their game.
6swing after they swingdo plunging attacks sometimesagainst double handed wielders cockblock them with the shield and then poke their open sides
I fuck niggas UP with the voulge holy shit once you get the range down you can hit them in the fucking head/neck every time.
I'm just starting to get into amiibos and am about to make my first amiibo purchase. I hear that you nickname your amiibos, how many characters are allowed when nicknaming your amiibo?And what did you guys nickname your amiibos?
80schildren played Nintendo games 90sthose children grew up and shared their love of Nintendo with their own offspring 00sThese children grow up rejecting Nintendo because they wanted mature games for mature gamers such as themselves10sthose children grew up and now give their offspring shitty mobile games Is there any way to save the industry, or is it a race to the bottom caused by the likes of Sony?
It's ok to make good video games when nintendo does it
7HE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS
You're probably 15. Shut up.
I dunno, Dan the Footman Schneider, that's a good question. Thankfully my backlog ensures that even if I live to 400 years old I will never have to buy another game.
7What's his name again?
2Dan "Twinkle Toes" Schneider
Sega kids are the real winners.
The message system in DaS2 has gotta be one of the best parts of this game. Don't have a PS4 yet but does BB have it as good when it comes to this? I've heard nothing on that regard.
You played dark souls and demon's souls already, right? right?
5Of course, though I really like DaS2. Not as good as the others though.
5The message system in BB is the best in the series, you can add gestures to your messages
5holy shit, how?
5Can you tell people to tongue but holes?
1It has "reeks" as a word.
6Yes.3Press L1 nigga.
the Bloodborne message system allows gesture ghosts in messages, which is cute, but the actual message building is ridiculously limited.DaS2 definitely has the best message system
Could /v/ tell me the pros and cons of both dota and league? How are they different from each other. Please don't tell me which game is better, that is something I'll decide for myself. All dotaleague comments will be ignored, no war here please, all though I know that it is inevitable. I wanna start playing one and maybe I'll even play both, but which one should I start with?
this is the worst place to ask this, expect heavy shitposting.you should ask in the respective generals in /vg/
They're both shit, trust me I played both for yearsStay the everloving fuck away from the entire ASSFAGGOTS genre, they're all shit
1Just in general I have heard that Dota has more dificulty than leagues. Not sure exactly why. Both communities are toxic so you need a hard skin and pacience on both
LoL is easier to get into, Dota is somewhat obtuse in some of its design choices but as a result also has more depth. LoL has pay to win elements
6Thanks mate, I'm kinda new to 4chan and didn't think about that. I did expect shitposting and I guess I can get past that. I'll remember /VG/ next time I post something like this.
5Dota doesn't have pay 2 win elements at all?
6dota 2 has all the heroes unlocked, league doesn't instead you can buy them with IP, the in-game currency.but in reality you are never going to main all heroes.
6Non what so ever. There are some events that do not interfere with the main game to get cosmetic things and are just a seasonal thing
1Leauge of Legends Versus DOTA 2 video game when?
1You can make it right now and put it in www.epicwardotcom
6DOTA 2 will also have custom maps if Gabe Newells words are to be trusted.
In terms of ASSFAGGOTS the only one that even felt like a game was Smite. Try League and it felt like I was just dragging a character around more then playing as them. If you wanted a RTS game then there are options that allow you to control more then one unit, have multiplayer AND single player. No need to limit yourself to a shitty game just because it is popular.
1I played a ton of LoL but switched to Dota few years ago. Not sure how LoL is now but I would say it's a more simplified version of Dota. I'll try to list some core differences here and reserve opinion. League has a bush mechanic where if you are in a bush you are hidden from people outside of the Bush. Dota has a high ground mechanic where people that are down hill cannot see uphill but uphill can see downhill.Dota allows denys killing own units to prevent gold/exp where LOL does not. League requires you to buy heros with in game currency or with real money. There are a handful of free hero's every week but if you want to play a certain hero you gotta buy it. Dota gives you every hero off the bat and the only purchasable items are cosmetic.League allows you to buy runes that modify the stats of your character in game. Your runes are set up outside of each game and can give a slight to significant advantage over people whithout runes. Dota doesn't do this. League releases new hero's about every 2 weeks. Dota is much slower to update and is still importing heros from Dota1.LOL Dota have similar heros but in Dota they tend to be more extreme more damage, crazier effects, more original skills. Dota has a bunch of RNG while LoL try to minimize that. I'm sure there's more but I'm typing on my phone so whatever. I had fun with LOL but I feel like Dota is the more interesting game. Also I disliked that you could pay for an advantage in LOL while Dota lives on hats. Give em both a go but I recommend Dota.
3That sounds like fun. Dota 2 seems harder from what you guys are saying. What if I play league, and once I'm good at that, I go to dota 2? Do you think that would work?
7If anything, you start with Dota 2 and become a god at league.
8This is by far the most helpful reply, thank you sir. Maybe I'll do what you did, start simple then switch to complex. I think I'm gonna start league, then move to dota.
9Nothing is funnier then seeing a friend who play League try to play Smite. It seem like they rush at towers out of habit and lack any kind of defensive play. Then again he could just been a retard.
9it really depends on the person to be honest. I've met regards in every single moba I've played so it's nothing new.
9That doesn't feel right for me. It kinda sounds like downgrading to less-skilled opponents just for the sake of winning.
1I've been playing DotA since 2006, so obviously I might be a bit biased.Trying LoL for the first time in 2009, it felt like a very very dumbed down/casualised version of DotA. Keep in mind, DotA 2 wasn't even announced back then.DotA is much more mechanically heavy, with several mechanics and interactions that are rather obscure. Because of that though, it allows for far more interesting spells and mechanics than LoL.Meanwhile LoL is much simpler, more friendly to newcomers and more forgiving.LoL has a set-in-stone role system for every character, whereas in DotA every character does something completely different and some heroes hard counter each other.You have to pay or grind for new characters and rune pages in LoL, whereas in DotA EVERYTHING that affects gameplay is completely free. You only pay for purely-cosmetic stuff.
Dota is the better mobaLol is the better game
1Baby got wreck his first few matches. Now hes all sad
6MOBA a term coined by the creators of Leauge of LegendsI see what you did there you sneaky shit.
1dota2:half of the heroes only has 2 skillsat least 1sec latency in commands because of casting time /attac animation /turning ratebesdes the shitty turoral the game hides a lot of information from you, you literally have to brovse the internet for 10 hours useless big ass interface hides 1/4 of the screen so they can sell skins for themmostly boring samey designs from the plank faced warrior number 5 to the undeaddemon number 9card game level RNGlol:much more stale meta much less interesting items, mostly only gives you statsyou have to unlock the characters or wait for free rotationyou even have to buy runes at lv30overall I say lol is much better designed game or less shitty?. Having some more depth is not an excuse for all the shitty design decision dota2 has to call it a better game.
5Having everything free isn't a good thing persay. Unlocked characters forces you to try new characters and experience more of the content, and by the time you find a character you really truly want, you can buy them with in game currency. You could even argue blizzard does this better in heroes with their quest system, asking you to play specific roles or characters from certain games in exchange for in game currency. You get more characters faster for being open minded and trying something new.
4Having everything free isn't a good thing persay.Yes it fucking is, how can you even possibly think this
9I guess you haven't played LoL for awhile since they have turn rates now, and champions are no longer race cars.
6I just said why.
1You should play HoN
drop this here...
1If you just plan to play some chill casual matches play LoLIf you want something challenging and more demanding go for Dota, but as others said, many mechanics are obscure and you have to read up shit and play thousands of hours to be competentIf you want to go full on casual/relaxingwhich isnt a always a bad thing then play HOTS
9Well thats a shallow reasonThe player doesnt need to get held by the hand this muchIf everything is free you can play or learn every hero when and where you want You can then experience content at the rate you want Handholding someone this much by restricting them to access certain content is terribleIts their own decision/fault if they dont want to play certain characters/content
1With source 2 coming it's defiantly better to play Dota. Soon you'll be able to play LoL as a mod in Dota.
5mfw it goes full circle and someones makes a full WC3 port in Dota 2
9Zyngas Solstice Arena is even more casual and relaxing than Hero-heart of The Swarm-Storm.Blizzard is only winning in the "relaxing casual" department here because they are Blizzard.
9That reasoning is fucking retardedYou can always put in a beginners mode that has only limited heroes rotating every x days, and then you have the same thing except it's not bullshit unlock model
9league players need to have their characters taken away to every try something newThis explains so much.
Don't do it. Don't. Do it.
1Man thats so deep of a quesiton where do start.Obviously Denies, Bushes/Highground, Free Heroes, Cosmetics, Towers being weak in Dota 2 easily diveable and so on...But I think the much more important thing is how Dota 2 places it's roles. LOL is much more about scale. You have two terms that don't exist in Dota 2. AP and AD carry. One is a nuker that scales and the other is a right clicker that scales. Support and such are also different. Basically LOL things scale. Dota 2 things are divided in 3 stages. Early game sub 15 minutes. Supports are kings here, carries are literally babies with nothing. Mid players can rain terror by ganking.Mid Game about 15~30 minutes. Here depending on your line up snowballing nukers rule or 5 man team oriented heroes or tower pushers.Now in Dota 2 your spells almost never scale with a few exceptions on heroes. So if a spell does 300 magic damage it's going to be a HUGE chunk of your HP early but literally a nothing when you're level 25 with 3000 HP. So after 30 minutes theres a whole different scale to the game when carries come online. Support get reallly weak but get tons of utility.Dota 2 unlike LOL doesn't shy away from disables, silences, breaks, this and that.billion ways to get disables and they all last a long time so technically once could chain stun you for 20 seconds but you're usually dead in 7...A lot of other people wrote stuff but this I think is the most signification part.Basically Dota 2 does not shy away from making shit OP and balancing it out by making everyone else OP too. You got heroes that can teleport anywhere on the map every 30 seconds, you got heroes that can literally dodge 25% of every damage type. Your 900 Damage nuke just did 0 damage to Faceless void with 400 HP because he had a 25% chance to backtrack? Yep thats dota 2.
1playing dota over 1000hrs cons:games last fucking 60 minutes and even if your mates are retarded and there is no chance that you can win you are forced to play that bullshit for 60 minutes or you get punishedthey change the game fucking often like impliment new heroes or itmems what fuck the balanceshit to play alone because 80% of players out there are idiots pros:they change a lot of stuff often like new items or heroes makes the game once it got boring interestingall characters availible from the beginning no pay to win at allmiserable started matches can still be won at the endif someone leaves the game and doesnt come back within 5 min yoou can leave too whitout being punished
7What's the big deal? If you find a character you like, you play them. If you can't find a character you like, you play the rotating free ones until you find one you like. I don't see a problem.
0It's objectively worse than being able to pick every hero you'd like to? There's no reason to have it in the game except making money off it. Why are you defending that?
1YOU CANT STOP ME
2Also LoL's roles are quite rigidly defined, supports are pretty much babysitters with a few notable exceptions. You always have one solo, a duo lane with a carry, a mage in the middle and a jungler, and the devs even design so as to enforce this.Dota has far more flexibility in what supports can be used for, and what sort of lane compositions work.
6Blizzard is only winning in the "relaxing casual" department here because they are Blizzard.Well yeah they have the blizzard bonusEven though i play dota since 05, i cant say HOTS is a bad game, sure i am not really in its target group, but its a fun game for playing here and there when i dont want to experience the frustration that Dota can often beThe only thing i see as a flaw are the abhorrent prices for the heroes
0You don't see a problem because you are a retarded lol fag, no doubt there.
0hmm that guy looks coolmaybe he will become free at some point in the next 2 months if i'm luckyor i can grind a whole lot only to find out he's not that greatvsthat guy looks cool I think i'll play him
DotA has no Katarina so I have to play League
2Your vision is a bit oversimplified. There are many carries that can do a lot of damage in early game, especially if having to play against an aggro tri Gyrocopter, Viper, Phantom Lancer, etc.. Actually, I think the "carry" category has no place in Dota anymore, it should be replaced by "core".
2DOTA 2 requires a lot more thought since each ability use matters more due to higher cooldowns and mana costs, also champs like Invoker who require combos. LoL is a lot more reactionary and takes more mechanics on average since they have a lot more stuff you can dodge and their skills are a lot more spammable.
2Early game carries are literally babies with nothing. Say that to my 6.83 phaseboots aquila 5min troll
7That's what semicarry and hardcarry are forSemicarries usually have some strong skills early on, and they carry through snowballing or farming pretty fast, but they lack the steroids that hardcarries have and will lose 1v1 against them given equal goldHardcarries need both levels and farm before becoming dangerous, making them weak early on, but make up for it by having strong steroids- skills that scale with items.
You have to pay or grind to unlock characters in LoL when they're free in DotA.
73Well I'd say Dota 2 has exceptions to exceptions.I'm just saying overall. LoL has a much more scaled pace compared to dota 2Also we 6,84 now
Randoming a Hero gives you more starting gold.
7Vs Play one guy and never try out the other 100 champions.
dota = microsoftleague = sonystrife = nintendo
i must say, this thread is awfully quiet to be the usual DOTA VS LOL, were people shout eachother ASSFAGGOT to death.as for me, im going to says try them both for a while, then when you got the hang of it, stick to one and have hopefully fun.
4Or you could try everything and know what you actually want.
6strife was made by s2 who ran hon into the ground
9You don't need to have your access to characters restricted just to try out new ones.
4how retarded is this guy?It's like people who play lol are conditioned to be absolutely dumbfucked.
9half the heroes only have 2 skillsLike 2 heroes only have 2 skills
The way it worked for me was that I played LoL extensively until friends got me to play DotA. Some of the mechanics in LoL helped me advance through the sharp learning curve. Essentially, just play LoL for a while then to DotA.
4Now thats a good goy, just go buy the ahri skin goy
6Not reallyDota = Sony PS 3 makes an obscure architecture with 200 excretions to general rules, takes hell of a long time to learn to code in it, when you know how to code it's the best machine. Tons of depth but takes hellova lot of time invested.LOL = Microsoft X360 goes with a known stable 3 core CPU with a good GPU. Multiplats are superior, it's tons easier to code the games, it forgets it's a gamin machine and starts being casual.Heroes of the Storm = Nintendo Wii gives you a console that supposed to appeal to everyone, at first attracts everyone from kids to grandmothers even parents with Wii Fit and shit. Later as everyone notices that games get boring fast it just stays there and no one plays it because it's shallow as fuck and casualized beyond imagination.
1they found a way to Kill Skeleton King, make him alive and kill him turning him into a ghost.Valve are the worst.
6monkey = dotadog = league
1You can random in dota and be effective. If you don't feel like carrying you can play support or roam. You have to main a hero or a role in LoL or have enough spare IP to buy secondary roles and talents for those roles.
2more likedota = capitalismlol = communism
3IIRC somebody has already started
7black cat = dotaorange cat = leaguecalico cat = heroes of the storm
6Does anyone really give a shit about strife ?Its lol,dota,Hots and maybe smite nowI guess S2 is going down to fall flat once againThey tried to enter the ultra casual niche to escape competing Dota and LoL, but now as blizzard has entered that niche they cant win vs them
7hulk hogan = loliron sheik = dota
5dota is probably my most played game on steam, and yeah i agree that was fucking bullshit.Mostly blizzards fault for patent trolling cause they're super butthurt that they turned dota down just to watch it become the biggest genre in the industry at the moment
Yo what the actual fuck happend to HoN? Game was shit but was there for a while.
0league took the casuals and dota 2 took the wc3 players, all that's left are the fangays
2implying combat is worse in late game Dotaimplying utility for supports isn't more valuable than damageimplying stuns/silences are OPimplying hero diversity vastly superior to league is badimplying random interaction isn't cool as fuck and refreshingGo back to LoL babby. Make sure you get the pigeonholed role you want.
Dota: Will take over your life, will make you feel frustrated and angry 50% of the time and frustated and miserable the other 50% of the time.You will learn to hate people if you don't already, you will become a vitriolic racist if you havn't already.But it is free so. Swings and roundabouts.
0It was dota 2 before dota 2 happened, and when dota 2 happened they went and did their own thing, but they didnt know how to make a good game so it sucked and everyone left for dota 2
4Problem with that is you won't want to switch after playing one. The learning curve just to find out and remember what every hero/champion does is incredibly steep for both games, and you'll go from being passable at one game to being complete shit at the other because you're basically back to square one. You'll know roughly how the game is played, but little in the way of gameplay knowledge that translates over because the games flow so differently. Examples would be League's shop and recall button vs Dota's shop with courier item transport and teleport scrolls. You'll get into Dota, get to low life in lane, and be unable to figure out why your recall button isn't working. You have to buy the ability to instantly teleport anywhere in Dota, whereas League gives the ability to teleport back to base to everyone for free with no cooldown. The switch for things like that can be jarring.I'd start with whichever game you want to play more, because there's little chance of switching later down the line.
60Yeah Hon's niche was being the "hardcore" moba when only LoL and Hon existedignoring the wc3 clientAnd as Hon was a 90% clone of Dota 1, all the dota players went to play Hon, but when dota 2 released they all went to play Dota 2 and left hon to dieIt basically was the game that filled the gap between Dota 1 and Dota 2 for most peopleNow they made the same mistake with Strife, where everyone who wants a really casual game will rather play HOTS
2AP and AD carry. One is a nuker that scales and the other is a right clicker that scales.Dota has both of these.Basically Dota 2 does not shy away from making shit OP and balancing it out by making everyone else OP too. Pretty accurate, the game punishes you much harder for making a mistake, that's probably where the 'dota is harder' thing came from.
7ive always looked at it like this, hard carries are heroes who really dont have any nukes from the start, but their skills scale well enough with items that once they accumulate enough farm they are pretty unstoppable, but semi carries often have some nuking potential that lets them "come online" earlier into the game, heroes like gyro, luna etc.the terms really are kinda vague though, i think different heroes carry the team at different stages of the game, early on its very much about supports roaming and ganking to set up kills, early mid when your midlane gets 6 can often be a springboard for game control too, snowballing into the middle phase of the game where they will generally have the strongest potential, offlaner will by now also have a blink or other relevant item and can help set up teamfights or ganks or whatever, then finally the lategame is when your safelane carry has had enough time to farm himself a decent set of items and can threaten pretty much anyone on the field.
Play DOTA 2.Pick these fuckers.Have a blast.
sounds like CS:GO
5yfw they pick zues abaddon
4Still have fun even when I lose with Techies. They are the perfect hero.
Let's think about it like this:You are new to mobas and you play for the first timeCHOOSE YOUR CHAMPIONDota: 100 "Uh....." Hurry you have 20 seconds! "Theres so many! What do they do? Which one does what? " 10 seconds" uh....this one looks cool? By having a smaller initial champion pool, you won't get overwhelmed. Then you can build from that, "oh, I liked x who was a y, so I'll try this character who is a y this week"
4 sounds like CS:GO
4yfw they pick zeus naga furion
1Like 2 heroes only have 2 skillsam I missing someting? or did every hero got that epic rework like drow had and got a fake skills with literally no impact in any situaton, to make you feel like you are playing a complex hero?hell, there is a hero with even only 1 skill and ebin complex passives like 20% critical chance life steal and respawn. Also SK was the worst looking model in the whole game yet all the dotards were raging how they remodelled him into something that actually looks cool ingame.
9turnig rateit's a mechanic i really like
League of legends is more for casuals, if you want an easy moba with little deep and just pass the time with your friends, play it.Dota 2 and Hon are more deep and complicated, harder to learn, but atleast you dont waste your time grinding countless autistic hours getting ingame money to change it for heroes and stats AKA runes
3I still think handholding the player is a negative on top of charging for heroesJust let the player make all the decisions
4That feel when you pick Techies and your team mates immediately pick Pudge, Tiny, and Vengeful Spirit.
3they change the game fucking often like impliment new heroes or itmems what fuck the balanceIf adapting to new meta is too hard for you then maybe this is a con. I tried playing LoL and i found no fucking enjoyment whatsoever in that stale rigid meta. If you dare pick anything else than 2 bot, 1 top, 1 mid and 1 jungle then you're reported and basically playing behind. The only things that changes in LoL are which role is the strongest. I think some patches ago the mid laners was the ones doing the most impact, now it's tanky junglers/top etc.. Literally every ADC feels the same to play, and sure, you can argue that in DOTA some heroes just right click, but they have at least some different skills/passives and items. shit to play alone because 80% of players out there are idiots i would be 7k i-if my teammates weren't retarded!!this applies to both games though
4it's not necessary, in fact it's honestly a bad idea because playing LoL and moving to dota will make you a worse dota player because you will develop bad habits from leaguesource: did what you just describedalso if people don't make money playing CS GO/DOTA from free drops they're dumb
4By forcing players to farm for runes, they have to acquire currency, by playing games, which makes them better at the game, so that when they are able to buy the runes, they aren't complete scrubs when they go into ranked.
3THERE'S THIS MAGICAL THING CALLED LIMITED HEROES MODEIT LET'S YOU EASE INTO DOTA JUST LIKE HARD DICKS EASE INTO YOUR STUPID ASS
0It's still alive, it actually just got a new dev team and things are looking well
0HoN was shitThe mechanics for the game was top notch. I wish DotA 2 has the same mechanics instead of directly taking the game delay from the shitty wc3 mod. Oh well, I don't even play moba anymore.
92 skills
9Maybe they should advertise that more, I've never heard of it until now.
3The first thing I did in dota is play -arem. After like 10 games I had a rough idea of what most heroes were capable of. Helped that I had wc3 experience so concepts like creeping and not being shit and dying weren't foreign to me
6idk, i think the transition makes you a better player because you notice all the things that are different, like the creep/tower damage changes, the aggro mechanics, how fogging works
5It's great and when some fucktard on your team abandons the AI will take over their character.
4You can play ranked without runes.
6it has some pay to lose cosmetics.
6LoL was pretty useful to me to understand whether or not I was going to get ganked or when it is time to retreatI think the biggest step when going from LoL to Dota is to get is that pretty much any hero can kill you quickly if you're not being cautious. LoL is in my mind well more forgiving in this aspect
4holy shit you are such a cuck
423th
5but they didnt know how to make a good game so it sucked and everyone left for dota 2The game itself was pretty good apart from a few balance fuckups, but every business decision was trash. No marketing, b2p-buy heroes-f2p transition, not a lot of comp scene support is what raped the game and made everyone switch to dota2 when it came out
1having play both, I'm telling you you don't want to play either.LoL has better waifu if you wanna jerk off though
4So what you're saying is they don't matter and we can ignore them?
8Everyone i know whos switched from league to dota, has the bad habit of being too close to the enemy team and just dying instantly since initiation range is much longer in dota
9plank faced warrior number 5When has it become a popular design?
7I played LoL for 2 years before playing HoN or DOta, was Gold, pretty sure of my sikll, then got to Hon and was fucked up.
9Some people like to have their hand held.
3yet all the dotards were raging how they remodelled him into something that actually looks cool ingamethat actually looks cool ingameactually looks cool ingamelooks cool ingamei have never seen such a high level of baitYou are confusing with bananabancer
8Yea, fuck s2. At least they gave me Salomon and let me hit 800 gpm by 10 min.
5BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE YOU RETARDED FUCKIF YOU'RE AN INDECISIVE FUCK WHO SHITS HIMSELF TRYING TO PICK A FLAVOR OF DORITOS AT THE SUPERMARKET, THERE'S RANDOM DRAFT AND SINGLE DRAFT. AND IF YOU'RE THE KINDA GUY WHO CONSIDERS SUICIDE WHE DEBATING BETWEEN STRAWBERRY, CHOCOLATE OR VANILLA ICE CREAM, THE GAME CAN JUST FORCE-FED YOU A NEOPOLITAN WITH ALL RANDOM, AND IF YOU WANT TOPPINGS AND SPRINKLES THERE'S ABILITY DRAFT.
HoN?
6there are a handful of cosmetics that unintentionally give advantages/disadvantages, but those are oversights and usually get patched out
5I remember when Zephyr came out, I'd have a jolly time farming 600gpm and then coming out of the jungle with a 15min mock. Then he got nerfed in the ground and I never had fun with him again.Did you hear that Garena bought HoN and created a new dev team, some old S2 people and new ones?HoN being in the hands of a not-retarded business is all I ever wanted
60HoN was dota on steroids and was the go to for dota 1 players. Lots of heroes were imported from dota 1 and they made a lot unique ones as well. The steroid part is because they nearly removed all type of turn rate on heroes the game felt just faster to play. I'm a bit sad it died like it did though, they did have some cool heroes/abilities and taunts were 10/10. The biggest thing that probably turned a lot of people off was that HoN wasn't free 2 play. You had to buy the game and then it was like dota. Every hero available.
3they start you off with best heroes for beginners and you have the option to choose any of the 100+ anytimesmaller is never better than bigger
4Dunno if you're still here, but in my opinion as someone who did just that it's ultimately a bad idea. You learn the fundamentals in both games at about the same rate, but if you want to ultimately play Dota 2 then you need to get started on understanding the items as quickly as possible. League's itemization system will not help with this at all, and might actually hurt it. There are plenty of guides, both in game and outside of it. I would suggest trying out some bot games, and then having your first pvp be in the limited heroes mode. I would only go to pvp though when you feel like you have a decent understanding of the item system, as that can win or lose a game on its own. And as a tip, mute anyone who's being shitty in chat. Beginners are all shit, some just like to pretend they're not and take it out on others when the reality proves otherwise.
8Yeah, player counts utterly crashed after going from open beta to b2pSuch a major fuckupIt's still alive though
2only 1 hero with some actually rich and interestng skillset beside the 90% characters with only 2 or 3 skillsonly can use 3 skills at a time, still plays like every other slow ass character in the gamemeanwhle lol has a lot of champs with 7 skills only macro heroes are hard in dota but nobody plays those outsde of tournamentsthe only thing why dota is diffcult is because all the things that can pop up suddenly in your face and oneshot you with their 2 targeted skills.
54Techies is the hero where everyone loses, except you.
5then you have never played dota 2
8 This. One mindfuck in dota for league players is that good item builds do not necessarily mean maximizing on certain stats. Items are much more about their utility.
0Scrubs will waste ip on champions, not runes, they can ruin lvl 30 ranked matches because of that.Also if you are good you can get to gold without runes.
6Exactly. It is the best pick in pub games. I never play him ranked though. That's what Viper is for.
4Give me a list, so i know that you are not trolling
1Used to be high diamond LoL player here, telling you that dota is a better game. When you gain some proper knowledge about how MOBAS work you realise how dumbed down lol is.I won't bother going into detail, but LoL is the controlled, kiddy-sized version of dota. Not saying that you can't enjoy both, but Dota has so much more depth and will probably keep you playing for much longer.
1league is a shit game owned by a greedy chinese company and dota is a less shit game developed by one of the last few decent companies.
6friend insists on picking techies every time because "I just want fun it's a fun hero"throws a tantrum and threatens to leave the game when the enemy team picks Zeus or buys detection
6Nidalee, Lee Sin, Elise, Jayce and Gnar are all i can think of at the Moment.
8Lol, yeah zephyr has been useless for a while now. I did not, maybe I'll revisit it again. I just couldn't stand DotA 2 because the players were actually worse to communicate with. I legit thought hon had the worst communities in the moba scene until I went to DotA 2. My fondest memories of hon was playing with bkid, he use to have a smurf account at 1700 and he would always hit me up for games. #angel
0You friend is an asshole. Also if they buy detection then you leave the mines in the lane to farm and deny their push. During teamfights you throw in a remote, drop a stasis, and repeat or suicide depending on how things are going.
7they are popular in dota2all the characters look like some featureless creature from a benten cartoon.I bet they made them this shitty so people will buy actually cool cosmetics for them. Just look at how boring sven or juggernaut looks like compared to some of their cosmetics.
8The biggest thing that probably turned a lot of people off was that HoN wasn't free 2 play. You had to buy the game and then it was like dota. Every hero available.Also they kept making bad design and business designs right around the time dota 2 came out, which was the worst possible time to fuck upI heard that they fixed most of those issues now, but the damage is done and the players wont come back
0What is high ground
9Also Karma, Rek'Sai, Rengar
4True. Quinn to some extent.
69there are also champions that basic skills change after they ult, like shyvanna, hemerdinger or karma
9Do you have any examples?I'm genuinely curious
4Renekton
5good business decision.i believe LoL decided no more "ugly monster" characters, as they are less likely being purchased than big buxomed ladies.
9No no no, the other way around. Anyways A LOT of items in dota 2 are activable, not only stats, euls, blink dagger, bkb, linkens, abysal, glimmer cape, dagon, etc. So they can count as skills that you have to activate, right?
9Note that for Lee Sin it's about abilities that are available only when another spell is used. If you're going this way, Phoenix has 7 abilities in dota
9this
3Probably mistaking me for the other guy, but I agree, items give a ton of depth in dota
5Well, Lee sins abilites are still 2 part abilities that both do something, Pheonix is really just turning on and off his abilities.
7Not exactly true. One of the most recent champions released was a pure quadruped monster. They mean no more characters like Urgot who have no real appeal besides being epic ugly monster. And by ugly, I don't mean "just not a pretty big boob girl." I mean actually repulsive.
47 skillsLee SinPress Q then Press Q again for another effect!Press W-E after you pressed them again to gain another new effects!Rachne ChampionHuman form deal % based on max healthRachne form: deal % based on missing healthOh wow, amazing.yet only 10-15 champions are kept getting banned and picked only within 30-60 champions with a roster of 120 championsThe only one who can be "considered" a hero with 6 skills is the Jayce guy with the hammer/rifle and his skillset is actually varied rather than "Buff Attack, Dash damage AoE and AoE damage" like Nidalee's jaguar form
5So, not popular outside of dota uhNevermind
9what?
League has better aesthetics and is simpler to get into, but hard to master like drums.I dont know too much about dota but from someone who thinks a games design is just as important as the mechanics, its very uninspired and a bit too stale for my tastes.In my opinion, MOBAs in general aren't that hard, so its all up to experience. Also, dont listen to anyone comparing communities. Dots has a toxic community as much as LOL.You should try both
9Not him but the only one I remember is Mirana's arrow that makes it look like a massive splurt of cum comming at you from right across the screen which makes it easier for enemies to detect and evade.
8Alright, I'm scraping league and going full on dota.
9one abaddon cosmetic used to glow when there were enemies nearby, even if you didn't have vision on themthere was also a nature's prophet cosmetic that significantly reduced the selection hitbox for the summoned treants. this meant it was harder to click on individual treants, and wasted enemy APMi think the entire CM arcana is a disadvantage, it makes her hitbox larger and more noticeable during fights, which is something you don't want, and i think there are reports of the puppy being visible even if the CM is foggedi'm sure there are a bunch i'm forgetting
95I guess he means the pet cosmetics are supposed to disappear when you see an enemy near you, and they disappeared when an invisible enemy was near you. It was fixed 1 or 2 days later3Would you call swordboots aesthetically pleasing?
3I dont know too much about dota butWhy do you think your opinion matters? It's uninformed, biased trash
 LoLA huge emphasis on accesability and hooking the player.You have many reasons to keep playing: unlock runes, unlock heroes, unlock unique skins when doing well in a season.Easy to learn, a lot less mechanics or a lot less emphasized mechanics than dota  I'll explain later . You can play it anywere from 20 minutes to an hour per session.Summed up: It appeals to everybody and has legit ways to hook you for a long time. DotAEmphasis on competetive play with a economy metagame.Reasons to play are either to improve yourself or gain wealth by trading cosmetics, those things also somewhat go hand in hand.Respects a lot of the competetive factor, more mechanics and some mechanics are more emphasized: courrier, denying minions, abilities that you can use on allies that have the potential to harm allies, more items with active abilities, secret shop.Summed up: A game that makes you feel like your invested time isn't wasted as much. Definetally NOT a game that you pick up and play after a long tiring day of work.
0That's because most techies players think that the best way to play is to create traps all over the map. The end result is a mana, gold, and most importantly a level starved techies that will be struggling to contribute once detection is online or when the enemy no longer gets obliterated by 3 mines, and 30 seconds of the techies' work is meaningless. Techies is a fantastic pusher and defender, and should play that way in lane until the player can sustain themselves and is able to place traps without having to go all the way back to the fountain for placing 4 mines. 3This
1OP, if you're adult, go dota 2. cuz dota is more complex and deadly but as fun as LOL. the genre is pretty bulletproof in his mechanisms and hardboiled with his insufferable community but who cares as long as you have fun in both games. the only truth in the whole genre is : get gud or get rekt. as a doter, i like warwick. he's a cool counterpart to bloodseeker.i remember s2 jungling with him. broken speed while chasing the prey. too much likesteal, unkillable, and this control with the ulti.those were good time.
LoL is simpler, but it pay to win or grind for 2000h to get all the heroes.Dota is more complex and harder to get into, everything is unlocked from the start.
1There is no difference OP, they are both equally as shit.But if you must become a complete faggot, pick LoL. At least that game has a decent UI.
1if you would calculate leesin as a champ with 7 skills you could calculate like 2/3 of the champs like that.also the ban/pick rate developed a lot recently, and was only really bad at season 3 and that's the only statistic dotard's always bring uparound 90% of the champs are picked/banned in lcs recently
I played LoL for a little bit early in the beta, dropped it, came back around 2010, played it heavily until 2012. Got into the Dota 2 Beta, didn't like it at first, went back to LoL, decided to just force myself to give Dota 2 a proper try, realised more and more that I actually liked it and that the things I thought were bad were just things I didn't really understand. Still very occasionally play LoL with friends, but will never actually "swap back". Most of my friends have swapped to Dota 2 anyway, and they all went through a similar transition of not liking it at first to realising they love it way more than LoL. LoL isn't a bad game but it's really just amateurish compared to Dota 2. Obviously that was going to happen because Riot themselves are a much younger company than Valve, and don't have Icefrog on board with them. Although, Riot doesn't seem to be getting any less amateur over the years. Partly because they've got George Lucas syndrome, they do stupid things with stupid rationalisations, but none of their employees or fans really tell them that they're stupid, so they think they're genius and keep doing even more stupid shit.
3what's Lcs actually?A website where they gather info for every tournaments they did?
5Skeleton Kingnevar froget
3lol developed a lot since season2. they constantly rework champs and make them more complex interesting and skillfull to play with.Also the whole game looks pretty nice now, except some champs that are still waiting for their rework.
3mfw the realisation.
5i dont really know how to explain lcs other than it's league's nflevery region has an lcs or lcs equivalent. the players are paid by riot, and at the end of each split there are international tournaments where the teams who did the best in each region compete against eachother.
5Pay to winI'm sorry what? Why would you lie? What about league is "pay2win" this coming from someone who's into both league and dota.
4you can get an advantage by paying, which makes it pay to win. not strongly pay to win at all, but pay to win nonetheless
4what a retard
4I wouldn't consider it p2w, but I can see how some people with a very loose definition can call it that.The runes give stat boosts and require an ingame currency to buy. You can spend real money to kind of speed up how fast you get that currency. Then again, I've never met someone who bought an IP boost.
3warwick
4Paying for all the heroes gives you a huge advantage, and makes it so you can spend all your IP on rune pages and runes, which give you a huge advantage. Not having every hero is a terrible design choice and will always make it unbalanced in the long run.
1Everybody mains maybe 3 champions for each role anyway. Buying more champions isn't going to help you really
Jungle WarwickEvery game in my match history for the past 2-3 months has been jungle WarwickPretty much all victoriesNormal blind pickOh god why am I doing thisMy team instantly start bitching at each otherSupport and adc are obviously premade and are on something like skypeTop Quinn "Don't worry guys, she's a viable top, just wait and see"Mid Nidalee Bott Thresh and TristanaQuinn gives first blood at 3 minsNidalee fails constantlyThresh can't land his grab for shitTristana feedingAll turrets pushedInhibs downEveryone dies when they go to check BaronThey didn't wait for meOnly one aliveOh fuck this shitB and grab WarmogsJump onto Ez with my ult and activate HydraRape his assKill KatarinaSinged throws me awayFlash towards himKill himLulu and GP start to runHit Lulu a few timesPassive activateskill GPKill LuluPENTA KILLDestroy 2 mid turretsHead cos low healthFinish buildTeam now think we can winAll push midInhib down and in baseEnemy team start to spawnFucking killing timeKill Ez againDOUBLE KILL TRIPLE KILLQUADRA KILLPENTA KILLHoly fuck what have I becomeRape last 2 turrets and NexusHoly fuck WW GGGG wp WW5 honourable opponent4 teamwork6 friends requests2 game invitesRegularly get pentas now, silver 1 and about to head into gold league. Warwick is a fucking killing machine with the right items
4Would you say having more heroes and rune pages is an advantage?If yes, you can buy those with money, and that makes it p2wIf no, you're an idiot because more choices is inherently an advantage, especially since league's hero design is so homogenous, if you dont have access to the fotm heroes youll lose your lane to the fotm heroes and lose.And with rune pages, say you like mid, you only have 2 rune pages, If you have magic defense runes and they have zed mid well you're fucked, or vice versa against annie or whoever the fuck is magic damage mid now.So yeah its not like, if you spend money you're going to rape everyone who didnt, but you'll have an advantage. so its just not really fair.inb4 rune pages arent an advantagebut then why do pros have access to literally every single rune page on every single one of their accounts if it doesnt matter?
5I've always had a soft spot for this pasta
14The idea behind LoL being pay to win is that until you have all the champions you're at a disadvantage because you don't have as much variety of choice during draft.The pay to win elements are relatively subtle and all the champions can be bought without real money in time. If you're just looking to have fun, there's a blind mode without draft.I don't play dota, I'm just explaining this.
I can't really play an assfaggots seriously unless I get all the heroes. The way I learn how to play against a hero, learn its weaknesses, etc., is by getting hands on playtime with them. I can read up on theory and protips and shit all I want, but nothing compares to just playing them for a few games. Just like fighting games, you need that perspective to truly understand. I just can't reconcile LoLs scummy hero purchase practices because of that. If they had something akin to that even more casual moba Strife, where you can spend like $40 for all heroes, including future ones, I would be fine with it, but they don't, as far as I recall.So while I am not totally in love with Dota by any stretch of the imagination, I still think it is the best moba out there on the market. They aren't price gouging you, and the difficulty level is enough where you can't pleb your way very far.
4What? I played league in beta all the way up to 2013 and i could play just about every hero save for maybe 1 or 2.The people who can only play a small handful of heroes either care way too much about how pros play or have a learning disability
5the project is at halt now, some bugs/lacks of features have blocked it and they are waiting for the Source 2 release.They even get the units upgrades using item cosmetics to see which tree you have done5It's you are saying that it's huge amount list of ALL tornaments gathered one, it's pretty obvious that you will reach 80% picks/bans of the rosterI was talking more of one tournamentLike The International, just qualifiers and the tournament itself 
4Which is a huge game flaw imo. One of the best things to do in dota is play all random or just random in all pick. With league you can't random because if you get 2 jungler or no supports or some other non-meta combination you lose.
8tfw my favorite NP cosmetic has a longer delay by about 0.0012 seconds on his secondary attack animationI don't care but it is one of the pay 2 lose cosmetics
8Jack of all trades master of none
4i know, i still following the evolution, time to time some aram with lol-friends. i don't care no mo'that isn't enough. since we got many game mode in doto now, all random, single draft, random draft.. ability draft. as hero pool is full, it's ok.also the fukken personalised game mode like pudge wars and the like are in doto 2, if god will it and with valve time full source 2 support for personalised game mode.7care to elaborate ?
257What the shit are both of you talking about in terms of heroes?It's pay to not grind, you can grind to get those same heroes you don't start off with initially, that is not "pay2win" that is just pay2notgrind a dumb mechanic, but one we're all familiar with.How in the SHIT are you at a disadvantage when you will be playing with people just as new and terrible at the game as you are starting off. Go ahead and buy that hero starting off wtih a lvl 1 account, see if you're "advantage" is obvious, and then go and buy that same hero some time later with IP and see how much better you do.Ya'll niggas seem to be mixing up pay to not grind with pay to win, it's pay to not wast your time, but even if you pay for that hero chances are-since you're fucking new- whatever advantage you think you have is nullified. as for runes and masteries-You can only spend IN GAME MONEY to buy that shit, and it will be a long, looooong time until you get enough money to even buy a rune so no that isn't pay to win either, it might be pay to not grind-but at lower levels runes are so bad that it's pointless and a wast to get them.
6Stop acting like theres any complexity to league of legends heroes.You could say that about someone who goes to a street fighter tournament and randoms every game. But thats because those characters are all diferent.In league all the adcs are just about the sameall the mids are either ad assassins or ap aoe nukers/crowd controllerstop is almost always a tanky character unless a hero goes full meta and takes a month or two to get nerfed to keep the precious meta intact and junglers are usually solo cc/nukersand supports are either stunners or defenders depending on the hero
2Pay to win is paying for any advantage that helps you in game. It doesn't always literally mean that you pay $5 and you automatically win your next match or something. At what point does paying to not grind become pay to not win? If it takes a day of grinding to unlock a hero? A week? A month? A year? You can't draw an arbitrary line anywhere, so you have to say that paying for any advantage however small is pay to win
2Leaguecucks on suicide watch
2Pay to not grind is a form of pay to win. It's really mild, but still p2w. The IP sink that are runes still effect people in every level of play too.
Sure, league has p2w elements. I still like it more.
2Because the option exists for somebody to buy everything. What if I'd like to have every champion available because I like being a completionist? My rune pages will suffer as a result, but I like having everything available just in case. Some other guy with just as much play time as me is able to buy all his champs and have plenty of IP left over for proper rune pages.
7I normally don't wander until I get my soul ring and arcane boots. I normally mine between off lane and mid. Also, you stack mines in groups of four and never after 20 minutes.
0Corvette, Jeep and monster truck are all cars, therefore they are the same.
54you can buy every big viable counters till you reach lv30 and having more than your basic ad/ap rune pages in some situatoin won't give you more than like 1% bonus. It's not like any game you ever play will depend on that and every tournament account will get every champ and rune unlocked.People here like to shitpost about this but it's far more likely that you will lose matches in dota2 because the shittons of random factors than because you have a +10ad runes instead of +10 attack speed in lol.
8The thing you dont seem to understand is, every hero in league is a fucking civic
2it's far more likely that you will lose matches in dota2 because the shittons of random factors"I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm going to talk about it anyway"
1How in the flying fuck are two very different mechanics arbitrary?One is called pay 2 win: as in you pay to get an obvious advantage, getting another hero and calling that an advantage is arbitrary in in of itself.Again, don't throw the fucking "O-OH WELL IT'S STILL AN ADVANTAGE!"If an ant shits in the grass at a football field is the entire field dirty?Pay 2 win is for OBVIOUS advantages that we clearly can complain about, not cloudy vague shit like "ANON BOUGHT _____ HE HAS THE ADVANTAGE." THAT is an arbitrary statement right there.
715% chance to 450% damage20% chance to completely absorb any big nukesure m8, they never affect your gameplay
7Moving the goal posts: the post
1Why mention league at this point when HoTS is out?
7RNG is a pretty big part of dota anon, you and I both know it is, we've both played more than a few games where PA facerolled with crits and games where YOU tried PA and got shat on all game by RNGESUS
8Its better than paying money to have an advantage :^
9HotSYou mean the most dumbed down moba out there?
0calls something arbitrarythe entire idea they had was itself arbitrarycan't move a goal-post if you were the one trying to suck the paint off it first bro
Just started rank play in dota 2 and starting at some shitty 2.5k.Good heroes to pull yourself out? Usually prefer support but that isn't often going to cut it down here.
8There's pseudo random distribution in place to prevent most obscenely bad or obscenely good results.
3dota 2 already has custom maps, you don't need to trust anyone's wordyou can already play pudge wars, custom hero survival, hero line wars, warlocks, LoD and some TDs
3no because that "advantage" doesn't affect your gameplay as they are not big enough to result kills in the game.while the rng in dota is real and not just some ebin meymey that people love to shitpost about.
5yea, that one. But it doesn't try to be something it isn't.I play dota with a team and enjoy mechanics and ginormous roster.I play hots with buds and fuck.I have fun with both. League? Eh. I tried. It's too sloppy. They missed something in development.
3im not the guy you first replied to. sorry you CUCK
9I play hots on the side, but christ, that game is super fucking easy. If Dota is considered the moba with the most depth, hots is several miles underneath. No items, last hitting ,denying, shit is ridiculous.
4please refer to the picture in 90its easy to say that league has a larger roster, but the heroes are so homogenous they have about 20 real different ideas
7Pay 2 win is any advantage. If you can level faster in a mmo with boosters its called pay 2 win. If you can buy convenience items that pick shit up for you so you don't have to waste time looting that's pay 2 win.3RNG should never win or lose you a game. People get fooled by it matter more than it does. Your play in any game should always be for the greatest possible chance of you winning, be it a moba game or any other genre. If you take the 90% win route and end up losing to the 10% that you didn't play around you still made the correct choice. RNG decisions are part of this process. If you lose because 'RNG' wasn't on your side you were most likely taking the lower win rate path.
6im not that guy either. sorry youFUCKER
3I don't care about that shit, where's a custom campaign or something new,the Defese of Legends seems interesting though, if it ever gets on it's feet without C&D
2you can still crit 3 times in 5 hits with pa.There are shittons of time when some player just survives a duel with little health and all those battles are only decided by the rng gods.why the fuck can't they simply change it to a stacking system?
8Hell, at 2.5k, I assume people still don't properly use wards and dust. Just go some pleb hero like Bounty Hunter or Rikimaru, and get free kills.Alternatively, Lina is apparently the hot new flavor of the month, and she can either go support or carry, depending on what you need.
8A good support can carry scrubs.But if you just want to win just be a filthy Slark or Storm Spirit picker.
5It adds up, not to say it's THE part of the game, but you can't not admit that RNG does not have a big part especially if you've played quite a few dota games.
0:^
8Your post reeks of 3k
1HotS.Now get out.
0I would agree with calling bara pickers filthy a year or two ago, i forgot when the nerf came. But now he's just a pretty decent support pub ganker. he's pretty fun, he cant solo lina in a second flat with literally Nothing to stop him
league's fun with your broshexas up at the moment so having fun with thatcan't say I've played dota2 but played a lot of dota and that was bretty gudalso project reality kicks ass, play what you like OP, you don't need a bunch of spergs defending their game of choice in pointless arguments
5pay 2 win is any advantageeven imagined advantages?WELL FUCK YOU, I IMAGINE YOU TO BE A CENTURIES OLD VAMPIRE WHO'S OUT TO KILL HIS LONG TIME FAMILY RIVALS, I'M NOT PLAYING WITH YOU CAUSE YOU HAVE AN ADVANTAGE, LIKE STOPPING TIME, YOU FUCKING JOBBER.
who /TINMAN/ here?
6^:
0Too bad no one wants to play support and when they do they won't buy wards or the courier.
93Not getting everything from the start is a good thing and dota2 is partly ruined because of the lack of that.Dota2's system extremely encourages smurf accounts.You just create a new exaclty same acc and stomp every new player to see what free cosmetics you get till lv10.You can't play there witouth having a smurf axe/pudge/riki ruining your game and even admitting that they are smurfing.
1Ive played lol for 3 years, later moved to dota for something like 1 year. In my opinion: Playerbase: its pretty much the same. Worthy to mention is fact, that in dota you have inbuild voice chat, so randoms can flame you without losing time to write it. And they will, in both games. For playing with friends, ingame voicechat is irrevelant, cause you will be using ts anyway. Gameplay: dota is harder in my opinion, but if you didnt played any moba, you will get into it quickly. Its much easier to drop dota and move to lol than opposite. Also in dota game was much more aggresive, in lol you basicaly farmed half hour, then do couple teamfights and thats all, in dota you fightalmost since start. Games in dota are fucking long, 50 min is a norm. F2p model: in lol you need to unlock champions with ingame gold. If i remember correctly, you can buy 1 most expensive champion every 2 weeks, if you play 2 hours a Day. Its not that much. Also, if you want to play competitive, you will need to buy runes, that slighty increase your stats, for the price of couple champions. On paper, dota is much better overall, but i liked lol more, not sure why.
8Because there are legitimate pros to introducing randomness into a game. It prevents a game from being completely calculable and forces rapid adaptation and quick thinking. It's why certain card games can still be competitive despite having the randomness of the shuffle and draw mechanic.
mfw dota 2 spergs take over any thread related to mobas discussing their shitty game amongst the 4 of them like anyone gives a shitmfw league generals always on /vg/ and dota 2 is an afterthoughtmfw dota 2
9cuz youre a casual
5Dota2's system extremely encourages smurf accounts.You just create a new exaclty same acc and stomp every new player to see what free cosmetics you get till lv10.Man oh man you're out of the loop.Even unranked has MMR so you're going to play against players of your level in 5 or so games.And no free untradable, unmarketable hats for you anymore.There's also no way to speed up leveling anymore.
6If you're proud of the fact that /lolg/ exists you've clearly never been there. Or you're a shitposter and you're right at home. In fact, why don't you drop by and wallow around in that cesspool of bronze shitters?
3This is just an absolutely retarded response anon, we aren't playing calvinball here. In a video game, if you can have an advantage over someone just solely by paying money and nothing else, it can be called pay to win. Obviously all p2w games aren't the same; I wouldn't call LoL anywhere near as bad as the latest Chinese Intellectual Property Abuse, but that's only because Riot has simplified the draft and counter system in League to accommodate people not having all of the champs. Having a wider selectable pool obviously confers an advantage, Riot even admits this when they have special tournament clients with all champs unlocked.
7because I like watching dota 2 soldiers being retarded here
4Thank fucking god for that. Kat isn't overbearing and easily dealth with but she is a piss poor design.
8both of these can be remedied with items. If you're a caster you will probably get a ghost scepter. Silver edge out of invis attack absolutely removes these passives for 5 seconds while reducing their damage output by 40%. Doom and shadow demon with aghanims scepter removes passives for 16/5 seconds respectively. Those heroes are rarely if ever used in the meta now so i guess those %'s aren't so OP after all
5Not getting everything from the start is a good thing and dota2 is partly ruined because of the lack of that.You're right, i wish i could grind to get the AK in CS or the rocket launcher in quake or Juri in street fighter Or mutalisks in starcraft. You're a fucking goy.Also you're confirmed for never making a smurf on dota, I've tried to make one to play with my newbie friends. played one game, and it was fine then after that we were against players that had 1000s of hours in the game. It simply doesnt work.Also i've never seen a dota pro with a smurf account, however every league pro has/had one i dont know if they banned pros from having smurfs
Which E-sport scene is better? Dota or LOL ?
5if you stomp 25/0/0 for 2-3 games you're gonna be put in high mmr games m8
3rocket launchernot railgun
2lol playerLOL EASILYdota playerDOTA EASILYgo away you stupid faggotalsoesports
7taking out calculating from the game is just dumbing it down. Don't make it sound like it adds any form of skill to the game, it actually just takes away from it.it's not fucking yugioh where you have to believe in the soul of rng to make use of it."competetive card games" are also a joke and not better than poker, where the only where you can only do some risk calculating than pray to be lucky.
2LoL is generally more structured, but a an actual spectator sport Dota is more interesting Draft system and things like early aggression or interesting hero picks.In addition Dota has more built in features for spectators, such as spectating in client with a large number of camera options. If you feel like being a really good goy you can buy tournament tickets, the larger ones usually come with exclusive cosmetic item sets which may or may not be shit.
815% chance to 450% damageThere's multiple ways to reliably avoid it20% chance to completely absorb any big nukeStrong against big nukes, weak against DoT.
eSports are easily more cancerous than any form of casual gaming.
2Im a dota cuck but the production in league is better outside of the international. and even sometimes during the internationalIn dota its a ton of shitty casters who are either full aspergers or literally chinese and know 10 words in english.
2"the only thing you can do"
4*hand rubbing intensifies*
0A high impact support can carry scrubs.FTFY
2Which E-sport scene is better?The one that supports itself.
2I like watching dota more, since you can see more interesting plays as it is not so homogenous, and the RNG factor makes crazy shit happen. But there are only a handful of good casters there. Everything should just be cast by Purge, and things would be fine.So as a game itself, dota is probably more fun to witness, but the commentators are largely ass.
5Not getting everything from the start is only "good" to justify a person to unlock everything. Sure there are smurfs, but if smurfs are a problem, then surely people that bought everything and are still at a lower level are also a problem, no? Why not?Having 'unlocks' fuels a desire in many people to "unlock" things; the same desire of people in many 'grindy' mmos. It is an easy-as-fuck strategy to get any person interested in a game. They also become heavily invested. Why not switch to a new game? Because they spent hours unlocking everything, and can still unlock more. Why do so many people keep playing COD? Because they love to level up, and make progress to a bullshit 'end-goal.' It breeds a superiority complex that justifies the system. Fuck those other guys that complain about it, they just didn't put in the work like I and many others did to climb the ladder. You begin to like the system. Your progress becomes tangible. It makes things fair. Only by hard work can you climb the ladder....Unless you buy yourself everything, which then means you don't have to climb the ladder at all, saving time that can be used to laugh at those that work their asses off in a stupid arbitrary system.
Hey guys, my dream is to be a competitive LoL player/streamer just like my heroes such as TheStrangeOne, ImaQTCake, and Siv360p.I don't plan on buying those silly runes since they only give a 1% advantage anyways. And I'll just spend my IP on the cheapest champions I can get, so I can get right into ranked play at level 30. I don't need all those new 6300 guys with all the better skills right?I can't wait to win my lane vs a noob who bought runes, counterpick the meta heroes with my 450/1350 IP champs, and not get reported for picking Urgot He's my favourite!.You don't need all heroes because counterpicking doesn't existBUT ALL CHAMPIONS IN A ROLE AREN'T THE SAME I SWEAR
6but you have option to avoid itmost of the time it won't be the best option to build an that one item that avoid's one hero's one ability. Most of the time those rngs will be there even if you do the right thing.
can't random in rankedAutomatically makes the game shit. Sometimes I don't know what I want to play. I'm down to have fun and going random is a nice way to spice things up, and since the meta isn't stale I can feel safe randoming into any team comp and still have an important role.
5Please provide an example.
8Having 'unlocks' in a videogame is not an evil jewish strategy to make people hooked on the game. It's just a progression gameplay element. Most fighting games also have that,, some people love to work to earn things in a game.
2you have an enemy pa and it's not worth buying a monkey king bar till the 45min
7How is this relevant to a discussion of a crit?
6He's referring to her evasion you dumbass
2As a fun experiment, try to beat a pro poker player if you ever get the opportunity. If it was just luck, then anyone could sit at a table and earn some good money. This is an interesting part 1 of a larger article on randomness and luck in video games.want to point to a specific point here: A standard way of reducing the effect of randomness is to balance each action, in a cost and benefit sense, so that players who are fortunate to get more powerful cards have a harder time paying the cost. In this way, the net benefits of random elements be equally distributed, so that no random value is inherently “better” than any other.Take for example the infamous Faceless Void and his "insane" 25% chance to avoid any damage. The balance to this is 1 it is an ability and takes up an ability slot. This may seem self explanatory but it is important. 2 it is only a chance to dodge damage. There is nothing else attached to it. Further more, you have to spend 4 ability point to reach that 25%. It starts out at 10% and only increases by 5% for each additional ability point. Ability points are one of the scarcest resources in the game, so using them all to get an early 25% damage dodge is foolish. 3 This ability dodges any damage. It could dodge Lina's 900 pure damage lightning bolt, or it could dodge a 20 damage creep hit. 4 It's highly ineffective early game, and mostly exists as a late game ability. Even if you dodge damage from autoattacks, you won't be dodging that much damage in total. Say by level 7 you dodge a 100 damage autoattack, but because of armor you would have only taken ~70 damage. You just spent 4 ability points to dodge 70 damage. Dota has random elements to it, but it also has downsides to these, or ways to work around him get a Silver Edge against Void. Skilled players can make use of these, while unskilled players flounder.
6 I thought you just want an example for the problem with the rng and how you can't avoid them most of the timewathever, it's still pa, only with her OTHER bullshit rng skill
5Actually, it usually is a good option to build that one item that avoids one hero's ability. Because usually those "super" abilities like the 15% chance to 450% damage are the hero's main strength. Usually the items that can counter are actually sometimes quite cheap, and are useful for many hero that are susceptible to the enemy hero. For example, supports that one get "one-shotted" by that horrifying 450% damage crit could easily avoid that with a 1500 gold item called ghost scepter. Easy as cake, now supports are dying less to the scary PA. Oh, wait. It's that easy to counter these heroes? I guess that's why they're not super priority picks in competitive then, eh?
7Fact. Silver Edge reduces damage of whoever is struck by 25%Fact. Silver Edge deactivates passive skills such as blur or coup de graceFact. The active strike on Silver Edge will never miss. Granted, it can still be absorbed by void but that's only if you're unlucky
7Well its easy to deal with PA since she has low str and you can just nuke her with magic, the same cant be said with faceless void's evasion however
5This. I think most people complain about RNG because its very easy to look at a lost fight and conclude: "If he didn't crit me/stun me/dodge my attack right there I would've won!"
5i didn't sad its just luck, as it has risk calculating. You can lower the risk of fail with a lot but in the end you still need shittons of luck too. In poker you can avoid any big risks by playing passive but you can't do that in dota when a fight occurs.I also didn't talked about how rng is not balanced in the game.
Dota 2 is a slow paced tactical game for people with 2 left hands who don't have the mechanics to play LoL. Yeah Meepo exists but only 1% of Dota players can actually play him.Dota 2 however doesn't have the same kind of balance issues as LoL, I believe. In LoL a champion like LeBlanc is a free loss in low elo but usually a free win for Faker unless he gets countered. Riot has no idea how to balance that except nerfing her even more so unless you're playing at a very high elo you're not actually playing the real League of Legends.Dota 2 is a better choice for casual gamers and girl gamers I guess.
5Correct. Getting yourself into such a situation is a prime example of how risk management works. If you really want to deal with rng, then you work towards creating a situation where the particular rng ability is neutered. If you fight a battle against a PA knowing that "it's going to be close" you should realize that you aren't assured victory, and if you lose then you should have taken greater efforts to produce a more favorable situation before the fight even started.
6Granted, it can still be absorbed by void but that's only if you're unluckyOnly the damage, not the effects.
6that item was put into the game like a month ago, it's not like you could do anything like that before this.
5I know a lot of people who have all runes and champs, they are shit, never win.If you don't know how to play, then you can't win even having runes or a "OP" champ.RIven it's one of the most OP champs in LOL, can pentakill alone, but 90% of rivens are retardeds like you who thinks that just having runes and the champ you would pentakill a lot.I play LOL since BETA, i quit since a few months ago.LOL it's harder, because it's harder, DOTA fags never do LOL in high leagues, that shit it's hard, if you fucking miss one minion, you fucking lost your lane.If you die one time, you fucking lose your tower.Low leagues are agressive, high leagues are more about defend until mid game.LOL  DOTA because many factors, anyway, LOL have more players in a day that DOTA.But anyways, i quit in the shit genre of MOBAS since it become casual shit and only loosers can become pro, you can`t get good if you have a life.There's a guy in my group of friends who it's pro in LOL, in parties, he it's just another casual fucker who can't talk about anything but LOLI hate when this happen.
5and in a lot of situation that would be rightthat's why rng is bullshit.
4Can you and every other newfag start using trips so I can filter you?
dota shitposters out of the woodwork
9Before you could focus on an MKB for your carry and make sure you have a reliable stun to use agianst PA. She melts in the early game to magic damage and gains most of her late game durability through her evade passive and BKB. She is a hero that rolls teams that don't try to prepare for her. You might say that that isn't good game design and that in casual play you should be able to play who you want, but when you are picking heroes as a team and you decide you want to take the game into the late game you need to figure out a way to deal with the enemy carry. If you go for a fast finish game you don't have to worry about that as much.
9You could draft heroes with stuns. You could draft heroes with magic immunity penetration like Bane or Shadow Demon. You could kite her around by baiting a blink before using force staff to escape. You could buy Heaven's Halberd. You could do a combination of these things in the early game, where she's as strong as a sheet of paper, to roll over her in the mid-late game and assure your carry comes out on top. All of these things still apply of course.
0The point is to play with RNG in mind like the other anon said. It's a known quantity. If you play in such a way that an unlucky crit or bash causes you to lose the game then you've played the game wrong up to that point.If it was such a big problem then every RNG hero would be top pick for under dog teams because "if we get lucky we can easily stomp this tier 1 team that is obviously better than us." This is not the case. There's a reason deadalus is one of the least picked up carry items in pro games even though it is one of the biggest dps increases.
0No, you needed to try and make the situation more favorable to you before the fight began. in Dota, the fight isn't only decided once it starts, it can be decided before that if you plan ahead. Say you know PA is in the game and is getting moderately farmed. The worst thing you can do is to fight alone, as she excels against lone targets. Make sure you have stuns or disables, try to have decent magic damage Lina or QoP can melt PA and don't overextend, and a fight against PA will reverse into an absolute slaughter.
7If 2 players are identically skilled, the player with runes wins. A shit player is a shit player no matter what game they're playing, but at equal skill levels, runes fucking matter.Do you think that one creep=lost lane is good game design? If a football team loses possession of the ball, they should automatically concede a goal/touchdown/whatever with no chance to regain possession? Dying one time in lane in Dota is bad sure, but you can still go back to lane and kill the guy who just killed you. In LoL if a top laner kills you in lane you cannot step into their vision range or you're dead again.Player numbers mean fuck all. Played about 1k hours of LoL. Quit around when Diana came out. Grinding for runes/rune pages just so I could be on equal footing was fun though.
9You could also pick Pugna, max Decrepify and let Lina shit down PA's throat.
5968all these postsall about how "you can lower the risk in some situation" and " you can countar that one rng in a match, forgetting about the 8 other rng skills"1/4 of the skills have rng, 1/3 of the items have rng, basic attacks are rng, tower attacks are rngthe luck is still a serious factor in the gameyou can't calculate duels/ganks/towerdives, everything that's in your favor can go wrong just because of the luck of the enemy. Having some counters to few rng skills won't change that.
1I think Hots is most fun because it's casual. You can just fuck around and not really sweat it no matter what happens.League Community is probably the most noticeable at being shit. Dota has the higher learning curve but it can be worth it if you can git gud. I never did but it feels a lot more rewarding if you have a good match in Dota compared to League.Personally, i'd go with Hots with a bit of Smite too.
8I didn't say it's an evil strategy, but it's a cheap, easy way to get people to play a game. Unlocks aren't inherently bad, but most of the time they are used to generate interest in something that would otherwise be uninteresting or just plain boring. For example; Many fighting games require you to unlock characters by playing the single player mode. What if you had all the characters at the start? Then very few people would play the single-player modes because, for the most part, they are often boring. Games that rely heavily on large-unlocks things like weapons, characters, etc are often lacking in many areas.Imagine if counterstrike required you to unlock the weapons through play-time. It sounds foreign and weird, but most games require you to do just that. Why? Because they need you to keep playing. In contrast, many people religiously play counterstrike just to get better. It boggles my mind how some people are willing to defend bullshit unlocks in some of their games. The fact that the all non-starter champions require payment in lol is a huge negative for me, just like how games that require to unlock weapons are often less enticing than counterstrike for me, at least.
9Pretty much everyone just uses the standard meta rune pages except bronzies. Counters are much more significant than having the most optimal runes.
1League is dota with less featuresWhether that makes it worse is up to you
9everyone who reaches lv30 already should have 2 full rune page, and ad and an ap if you don't have you are just bad at spending your money.these runes are good for everyone and further rune sets change nothing in the outcome of games.
5its literally part of the tutorial. its the first proper game mode new players will encounter.
77Except standard rune pages get shit on by non-standard picks. If I'm getting shat on by Riven and Lee Sin top lane, I'll grind for several weeks for armor runes. Now what do I do vs the Rumble picks? Oh well I can have MR quints no big deal.Except if I had 2 rune pages, one with purely armor, one with purely MR, I will have a better chance at winning the lane, and the game, than a pleb who's still grinding for his second rune page. Now add every other role in the game all those mr runes are great midlane, until an ad assassin shows up that you don't have enough runepages to counter.This is COMPLETELY disregarding the opportunity cost of not being able to buy heroes with that IP. So you either buy heroes to actually be able to play the game, or grind mandatory 1% stat boosts. You guys are looking at it as players with probably years of daily wins, so not having 10 champions or niche runes doesn't affect you much. Think of the players with 3-4 runepages and half the champions unlocked.
8the hero doesnt matter, just play well.
7you can play Solstice Arena on the toilet, you don't get more casual than that.
LoL is pretty chill and has ranked if you like competition.Dota is very hard to play for fun and in a casual relaxed manner, you have to try super hard to win and it's always competitive.
9Armor runes don't do anything vs Riven except help you survive if you're lucky but even then you'll almost certainly be behind in farm and she goes roaming and kills your team who then proceed to blame you. What you do is try to get Riven banned if you're not playing one of the 5 champions that counter her or dodge.
9it's not like you could do anything like that before this.you could hex, the mechanic isnt new.
4Problem with this is that Dota has hard counters to heroes. Pick your favorite hero, that's fine, don't get pissy if someone chooses your hard counter and wrecks you. Additionally, this gives you the chance to learn how every hero is played and also helps you learn every spell a hero has and the best way to counter them and shut them down.You can have your favorite characters, but it's always best to have a pool of characters that you're good with than just one. So yeah, having all heroes unlocked is a very, very good thing.
1pros: both have a shitty community that allow you to flame to your hearts contentcons:both are inferior to HOTS, the last and best of all mobas
9I'm real fuckin tired, but I'm not sure if you're trying to refute me or supporting me.So even if you build runes against her, she still wins. Her only counter is winning the 20% chance to draft and let through all the other bullshit, like that new anime boy, pick one of the handful of heroes that counter her even if she's last picked you should pick a counter hero beforehand, although it might be shit against their current team, or just alt-f4 and suffer the queue dodge. Even in Dota with all their "1v5" heros, you can get ITEMS like Hex/Orchid/MKB/BKB to counter strong picks.Bear in mind I'm only using Riven because there are tons of complaints about her from top players or bronzes I don't know, but this applies to any strong champion.
9This entire post
3Even if you get hard countered, there are ways to deal.Pick Wraith King ultimate that revives him on death, costs a lot of manaEnemy counterpicks several mana drain heroes.Buy Soul Ring sacrifice health for manaTheir mana drain abilites are now highly reduced in effectiveness.
More info here:
can't even see the linkYou tried.
What a load of bullshit.
This is oddly specific butStarting September 4th Wii U owners will be able to purchase a second Wii U Gamepad in stores. But this wont be only a Gamepad like you already have. It will be expanded with analog ZL/ZR triggers, a Nintendo DS/3DS Card Slot for playing NDS/3DS Games on Wii U.Yeah nah.
You have too much time on your hands.
No mention of shitty Puzzle & Dragon.Faaaaaaaaaake
Developer Showcase: Paper Mario Working title for Wii U:The development team plans to build the game on the classic Paper Mario RPG style with some influences from Super Paper Mario and Paper Mario: Sticker Star. It will offer a great story, a huge world to explore and "super exciting" feature that will use the Gamepad controller in some unique ways that will "totally" change how you play the game. Since this game is still in early development the developers can't go into more detail. It's sceduled for release in 2016.ANOTHER Paper Mario game with a shitty gimmickI'll be fucking pissed if this is real.
Sounds believable outside of the Star Fox name and Mother 3 localization.
costumes based on The Wonderful 101. These are: Wonder Red boxer, Wonder Blue swordfighter and Wonder Green gunner. That's be a huge middle finger to all the fans.Hurr all 101 of them.
Most of it is too good to be true.
Why are you faggots still doing this
8This is what OP must be thinking:If I say a ton of random shit, one of these claims will actually happen
8That would be pretty rad though, I like the idea.
2Fossil Fighters pack for SmashSunshine HDMother 3
Some of it seemed plausible till I saw..pikachu in Mario Kart 8
2no Ryu Smash trailerI seriously doubt this being legit.
See, I don't want to think this is realBut introducing a brand new Wii U gamepad and making the old one outdated seems like the exact kind of costly, bone-headed move Nintendo would do when you consider how shitty the Wii U controller situation is
Golden Sun: Secrets of the Ancient Temple announced for 3DSStop playing with my feelings, OP ;_;
It doesn't feel like E3 is this month but it totally is. So strange.
8That will never happen
Golden Sun: Secrets of the Ancient Temple gets announced for Nintendo 3DS with a first trailer and will launch in 2016. More details will come in the future.This sounds like a generic name someone whose never played the games would come up with.And how dare you tease me with this.
2How the fuck could you think the gamepad part was real?
if they made a HD sunshine i'd be so pissed, so fucking lazy
9I like Sunshine but a HD remake is completely unnecessary. It's a decent game but it's not worth a HD remake.
HAPPY 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF MARIOTO CELEBRATE WE'RE MAKING A FUCKING HD REHASHBUY THE BRAND FUCKING NEW CONTROLLER TO PLAY IT, BECAUSE WE FORGOT ANALOG CONTROLLERS ON THE LAST ONEIf this happens I'm dropping Nintendo, going straight Sony, and I will eternally shitpost in every Nintendo thread, laughing at the cum-sucking retards that buy this upI will fucking redefine the laughing man; I will draw hundreds of fresh new images, just so I can never have a repost claim when I spam thread after thread with my bellowing laughter at the poor fucking sods who seriously bought a brand new tablet controller for a fucking HD gamecube rehash
CALL ETIKA NOOOOW
Is it because they pre record it that Nintendo gets fucking retarded leaks every single year?
4Maybe you draw your stickers and shit. Like they give you ink to do shit instead of mana/FP.
9If it's like more like SM64DS than WWHD, I wouldn't mind.
No XenobladePlaying 3DS games on the Wii U gamepadMeaning Wii U owners won't ever need to buy a fucking 3DS
To celebrate the release of Lucas a localized version of Mother 3 comes to the Wii U Virtual Console also June 16th! It will be fully translated into English.AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH-stupid anti-spam.Remember Reggie.8While it's sounds like a good idea, do you think it wouldn't be better just releasing a update for Wii U, allowing compatibility with a second gamepad?
3I don't think it will happen but it's not like it didn't happen with the the SNES and Gamecube.
8With Lucas returning to Smash it feels plausible
pokemon things in mario kart 8 DLCYeah no, Pokemon is disconnected from the main Nintendo series like Mario and Zelda, that's why it isn't in Nintendo Land either.
4No it doesn't, and you know it.
a semi-realistic leakwho knew?
We will never get another Bayonetta game or even any DLC
Starfox SuperchargedYou have to do better than this.
0Even then, assuming that the Ryu thing is just rumor and speculation at this point, no new Smash Bros DLC Character trailer PERIOD?That's just unrealistic. Expect a new character to be announced for the game during every direct for the foreseeable future, because we all know Ninty is going to milk it for all it's worth.
Though obviously fake, the fact that they don't give the release date for Xenoblade, or give us info we already knew about FE:If kinda makes it easy to tell.
4You make it sound like a bad thing. I personally would want the hype of new Smash characters to be around for as long as possible, since there's such a gap between games.
looks legit
7Keep in mind iwata and miyamoto are pants on head retarded when it comes to naming things
2Not a chance. They wouldn't have that many new games to show.
no mention of fire emblemDUDE ZELDA MARIO LMAO
4I think it's great, but anyone who doesn't think that's how it's going to be is an idiot. If I see a fake leak without some sort of Smash Bros. announcement, at least in the foreseeable future now that the DLC floodgates are open, it's an instant redflag that it's bullshit.
4Just like how Lucas being in Brawl meant they were going to localize Mother 3 right?
2no mention of new happy meal toysYeah nah.
3If they do that I will buy it and have fun.
MH3U or Hyrule Warriors?
0MH4U
Developer Showcase: Animal Crossing: World Explorer for Wii U:The development team shows off their new game and explains the change they made to the Animal Crossing franchise. This time the player can travel all around the world and discover new landscapes like the Artic, deserts, jungles and more with new characters and gameplay elements. He can get some typical clothes and furniture from there and he can even build his house and live there. This would be neat. Too bad its obviously fake.
Robot Warsmmm cant see ANY copyright problems with that my friend.
Didn't Nintendo say they would be mainly talking about games to be releases in 2015?Why are games slated for 2016 mentioned in the direct?
4Implying the existance of a gimmick is badFuck you, as long as we get the old formula with Partners back it'll be great
3Calm down you AutistsIt's not okay when Nintendo fixes a hardware problem
2Iwata is too busy dying of cancer though
0Depends on which type of grind you like. Do you enjoy killing large things over and over again? Or Do you enjoy killing small things over and over again?
Starfox SuperchargedHURR SILLY NAME MEANS IT'S LEGIT!Too bad Skylanders already took that name. In fact I bet OP was staring at the Skylanders announcement when he made this up.
Star Fox: SuperchargeJeanna's Hell TripAre they going to annouce Link Goes On a Quest and Donkey Kong Looks For Bananas as well?
5I own both but can't decide which to play. I haven't turned my Wii U on in forever but have an itch.
When the FUCK are NOA going to localize XenobladeI mean for fucks sake they've had at least 2 years, that shit got revealed in January 2013.They're so fucking ridiculously shit at their jobs I swear to God, should have just handed it to NOE again.
2They said they'd focus on 2015/early 2016 games. So that probably means that those games will be the only ones on the showfloor and those will be the only ones covered by Treehouse.
2It is fully confirmed that E3 will showcase 2015 and early 2016 gamesBill even said it himself in the minidirect
2I'd be disappointed if that would really be all of it, and honestly I don't believe it for the same reason as 2 , Mother 3 is also happening never ever. and that Smash DLC sounds way too stupid.The WiiU supporting 3DS games is also never happening, and I'm selling my 3DS if for any reasn that would be true
2metroid prime 4only faggots liked the prime series this all seems too retarded.
Etika if your in this thread cut your fucking hair you look like a fucking eraser
5needing to grind in xenobladeHow shit are you
I'm starting to notice that a lot of people have very low and boring expectations for Nintendo this yearThis is goodNintendo always thrives when people are weakThats what made past years great and certain years terrible because of the level of expectations
hey guys the direct totally leaked but I'll write an essay about it rather than just fucking upload it
8Yep. The analog trigger bit pretty much confirms this is super bullshit.
7xenobladeHe didn't mention Xenoblade
Metroid Prime 4Stop with this shit, Metroid Prime trilogy is done, you want another FPS sure but it doesn't need to be directly related to Prime
8Oh shit it's this guy again.
8I like both 3d and 2d styled Metroid games. What will you use as bait to lure me into replying next anon?
5not making an hour long video discussing it and making shit up along with itPleb
0best thing nintendo can do is surprise everyone by showcasing zelda despite them saying zelda would have no appearance at E3 2015.outside of that, yeah - it's woefully realistic to expect little from nintendo this year.
2Never mind I'm fucking retardedThought he replied to a post about XCX
what a load of crapmetroid prim 4mfw
no xenobladefake leaker fucked up. there is no way in hell that xnoblades not gonna be talked about at e3
6They are also not the people at Nintendo whose job is to come up with game titles.
2starfox superchargedmetroid prime 4these are the same people that want Dragon Age Zelda Edition: Steampunk Fanfiction strong woman adventure
9i am such an autistic that I find it impossible to believe more than one person legitamately didn't enjoy a single offering from the prime seriesgod damn dude fuck the prime series hard. metroid only works in 2D as been proven.
why the heck do people not want a Metroid Prime 4?We need a GOOD metroid game
Developer Showcase: Wii Sports: Holiday Island for Wii U:The player can access over 20 sports including some sports from Wii Sports Resort by walking to the attraction where the sport begins on the huge open Wuhu Island. On the way he can find other Mii characters sent via Miiverse. The game will feature both local and online multiplayer for all sports. On the island itself the player can use a bike in order to get faster to the next sport. He can also do a variety of side quests which will be detailed out at a later point. The Wii U gamepad will function as a camera with which you can take photos and post them in Miiverse. Wii Sports: Holiday Island launches in 2016.Real talk: Sport Resort was one of my favorite minigame collections on Wii, and I'd buy the shit out of this no questions asked. If they add a free walk mode to explore the island by foot or by car sort of like the air plane and free mode jetski games it'd be GOTY for me.Of course, I know this is all fake, but it's nice to imagine it's real.
0you answered your question.
0It's already out in Japan. Why discuss it in the Digital Event? Maybe they'll show it outside off it, maybe in the Treehouse stream.
3but Sony is the king of HD rehashes
0Because no one wants a shitty game full of back tracking
0Not really. It's the best way to put the characters in without wasting their slots for a potential Smash 5.
Metroid Prime 4Heh
no Etrian OdysseyFake and gay.
7When I see the same autistic 'WHAT WENT WRONG' thread being made every other day despite people in the thread saying the series was great it leads me to believe that it just might be a vocal minority.
4XCX has more lines than XC, and they have to deal with the MC voice nonsense.
I want to see a new Metroid and I want to see more Retro Studios but I don't really want Prime 4.Prime series was fantastic but it ended eight years ago. More things can and should be done with Metroid. Having a 3rd person 3D Metroid could allow for more versatility, the only real problem with Prime was that Samus could move like in Super, which could be fixed with a 3rd person perspective.Now's the time Nintendo needs to start doing new stuff with old series rather than just falling back on something that's been done before, even if it is liked.
3So you don't want a Metroid game at all?
0just cause Team Ninja fucking S-U-C-K-S at developing games doesnt mean that 2D metroid is dead. Other M is not an accurate representation of how good 2D metroid can still be.
6English trailer, release date, playable showroom demo.
9Should it really have taken them THIS LONG thoughIt's not like with XC were the game came out in Japan and Nintendo didn't even know the rest of the world would want it. They've had longer to organise this shit.Also a lot of what they're doing is just dumb unnecessary shit like removing the fucking word Testament or changing Dolls to SKELLS.
8I can see Nintendo to be jewish enough to do this
4doesn't mean that 2D Metroid is deadBut they are. Fusion and Zero Mission were two linear, ultra casualized piece of shits and I highly doubt that Waifutendo is able to deliver another Super Metroid.
0Because Metroid Prime ran its course and ended. Why drag it on further?Besides, it's been ages since a 2D Metroid.
0They probably didn't have the script locked down until late in development.
1Zero Missionnot one of the best in the franchise
0It all depends on when the script and text was finalized. You can see some differences in the E3 build and the final game.
Golden Sungetting a sequel after the abortion that was Dark DawnSorry, but the series is ruined.
2Nothing that must be in the Digital Event. I think Nintendo will focus on new games there and announce localization news surround the show.
Most of this seems plausible, but some of it is pure bull.Pikachu in Mario Kart 8GameFreak allowing them to do such a thingMother 3's localization when we've had a patch for how long?Paper Mario that's an actual Paper Mario and not some gimmick shit
0REALLY should have got that sorted sooner.I mean let's not forget what a state the Wii U was in early on in terms of sales, that's when they should have been trying to get shit like that done ASAP.I mean they even showed off a trailer to European and American audiences in early 2013, showing they knew those audiences had interest in it.God I can't fucking WAIT to play it though, localization better not have ruined it.
Metroid prime 4sunshine HDgolden sun 4bayonetta 2 DLCAnimal Crossing Wii UPaper Mario UMother 3 translationstop playing with my feelings you faggot
0Again with this. What the fuck was so wrong in DD compared to the other 2?
1mfw I sent them a drawing schematic blueprint for a 3DS games slot on the Wii U a while after it was announced, suggesting they let the Wii U upscale and play 3DS games. They sent me an email back saying they don't take suggestions like this and commended the amount of time i'd spent on my drawing. it really wasn't occuring to me at the time that it could possibly cut into 3DS sales cause it's not like it suddenly makes the Wii U portable. Though i'm probably not the only person to ask for this and see it as a clear longshot.
1Zero MissionlinearWhat the fuck is wrong with you? Nice b8
9Wouldn't even be surprised, if they were the same faggots trying to defend Other M every other thread.
1didn't like Zero Missionwhat the fuck is wrong with you.
8entire world longs for gamepad-free wii unintendo release more gamepads and extra gamepad functionality
0retarded storynot allowed to go backgame doesnt feel open world at all, more like having 2-3 levels where you cant go backpuzzles way to casual compared to 1 and 2battles way to casualit was just a step back and the game feeled like it was made before 1 and 2
Reggie pops up once again, says thanks for watching and explains all the things happening afterwards. But he can't leave the fans without one more thing:Metroid Prime 4 gets announced for Wii U with a first 30 second trailer. It's developed by Retro Studios and will launch in 2016.End of presentation.oh OP
I cant help but think this is a setup for future E3 to come.Doing games for just 2015 and early 2016 will ensure enough surprises for next year's E3 that will be doing 2016 and early 2017 etc.Rather than releasing pointless trailers for games that will be released 3 years from then.
8Who the fuck longs for Gamepad free Wii U? That's the thing because I bought a Wii U!
0shitty plot was about investigating dark portals or something and then you spend the entire game trying to collect a feather because Garet's son broke your flying machine. Then at the end you're reminded that the original premise of the story was never even addressedfurriesincredibly linearpiss easy puzzles and boss fights then again, maybe I'm just older8 party members when only 4 at most were necessary. Some were completely irrelevant to the plot after their introduction.points of no returnonly thing good about it was the graphics and the idea that even Mia's daughter wanted Piers' dick.
9mfw I also sent them an email asking for more variety in the Club Nintendo rewards cause waiting an entire month for a new cycle of rewards was painful. 2 weeks later they announce they're taking down Club Nintendo and offering /all/ rewards simultaneously. then again maybe the wii u 3ds functionality won't be such a long shot.
8Yeah, that seems pretty unlikely. It would totally screw digital only 3ds owners for starters.
Mother 3 is released for the westAaaaaah you almost had me.
2Golden SunBayo 2 dlcgamepad+that smash/mk8 dlcwii sports u2the first one didnt even break 100k sold units retardmetroid prime 4no XCXNo FF5no project reasureThanks for the laugh OP. Also we already know how the gamepad in Starfox will be used, maybe next time inform yourself beforewriting several pages of text.
8Would by for $80$100 at mostJust make sure the body is more like the wavebird and give a satisfying click at the end of the analog
8Why not both?
8Why would you want analog triggers when no game uses them?Also, why should devs start developing for analog triggers when most people wouldn't buy this second controller?Nosense
Brasilshuehuehue
0FF5, XCX and P. Treasure aren't things for E3. Two of them are already out in Japan and P. Treasure is a stupid F2P game...
Gamepad is the reason Wii U costs so muchNintendo will actually let you have the privilege of paying 100 dollars for another one for 3 games that the system will use. Metroid3/10, you can do better than that
5Maybe as a additional thing for owners of the Wii U Gamepad+?
2Dual Gamepad gamingStopped Reading thereFake and gay
1Sony show shitloads of F2P games at e3, so i see no reason why nintendo wont.They are things for e3, because the reason e3 is a trade show so announcing localizations is just natural. E.g they announced fantasy life localization last year.
2Nintendo do tend to surpriseJust like last year
3is this a new copypasta? it should be.
This is impossible because the Wii U is already put to its limit rendering games to 2 devices in the TV and Gamepad. I am not sure if it is feasibly possible to render to 4 of them.
2Just when I wondered why there are no fake leaks created by /v/ermins just like before every other E3, I see this thread.Try harder, OP.
2Fantasy Life wasn't announced in the Digital Event. The list only contains things that will be in the Digital Event.
4It's technically imposiible, they need to release new and more powerful hardware to do that.This "leak" is fake as fuck
0Fuck thatMetroid Other M's gameplay style was fucking perfect it just needs fixing like circle pad controlling and a better switch from 3rd person to first person
0They mustn't. The new Gamepad has additional power to do that.
6is that a Pokemon?
9No, it hasn't
8People who never experienced the maximum comfyness of the WiiU GamePad long for gamepad-free Wii U I'd be really ok with the gamepad OP describes, minus analog triggers because they wouldn't be used in any game
1Neither were any 3ds games besides pokemon. So by the 3ds games he included he either means the whole e3 or its just another reason why its fake.
8But this wont be only a Gamepad like you already have. It will be expanded with analog ZL/ZR triggersIf only, that would mean more f zero
9You can't stream processing datas that way without causing lag
4It's possible. WiiU has it already implemented, there aren't games that use it. It's just that.You might believe me or not. Choose wisely
2Nintendo said they CAN use two Wii U Gamepads several years ago. So why not trust the developers of the hardware?
2That's just too good to be true.My friend works at nintendolel
2
2Jeanne's Hell TripCan Jeanne even fight as a soul body? I know in Bayonetta 1 soul combat was a thing, but technically you still had your watch.Oh well this is fake
4
0Pokemon MMOfake
0This is grea-Super WarioHahahaHahahahahahaha ;_;it hurts
7Because they clearly showed WiiU hasn't got the power, look how Hyrule Warriors is when they stream the game on only one gamepad
5That's why the new gamepad has some additional power. Do you even listen to what I say?
4Nah, it still smell like bsAlso, how much does a new gamepad with extra power would cost?
Metroid Prime 4 gets announced for Wii U with a first 30 second trailer. It's developed by Retro Studios and will launch in 2016.Every fucking time someone includes Prime 4 in their "leaks" it's always a dead give away of its legitimacy or lack thereof. The Prime saga is fucking over people, it ended with 3, that whole arc is done and if you played it you know why. Either stop including this shit on your leaks or put it right on the beginning so I can stop reading.
0Pokemon Omega and Alpha
5The leak was fake when he said that Nintendo will start selling extra GamepadsAlsoMother 3Pikachu in Mario Kart 8nah
4And, as I said, having wireless processing power causes a fuckton of lag, you have to export both instructions and datas from your ram to the gamepad and then bring it back, it would make any on algorithm become on3 or something like that
1Not Wahaha
Thanks to a friend who works at NoA and who had access to the videoMy friend/dad works for Nontendo and he had access to secret videosThe sad thing is that people still fall for these leakes but i wouldn't expect anything different from NintendoGAF
5And as I said Nintendo said it's possible.
7Just like people fell for hawlucha and the game & watch hand clipping on Wario eh?
9Completely unrelated
8No, Nintendo said it's possible to stream images on a second gamepad, which is believable, if images aren't too complex in the game.Having wireless co-processing with another gamepad is not.
2To celebrate the release of Lucas a localized version of Mother 3 comes to the Wii U Virtual Console also June 16th! It will be fully translated into English.I believed everything until THIS part.Fuck off!
0And that's why it will get more power. To show more than images.
1And how much this new extra Gamepad will cost at all?And how many ppl are gonna buy it?
0I don't know. Ask Nintendo or wait until they give more details.
0Ask Nintendo or wait until they give more details.Except that Nintendo isn't gonna give details cause this isn't gonna happenBut oh well, keep believing everything you read on the internet.
1Yes, but you're obviously so much of a retard to not understand how much lag would WIRELESS processing power cause, since as I said any instruction would be reworked for streaming it between the two cpus.
2No Smash CharacterNo KOWAISHITAI nesYou tried.
1XCX isn't a thing for E3It was at E3 last year, Japanese animu voice acting and all.
2I know but it wasn't released in Japan last year.
8What has that got to do with anything?
0Because it's out in Japan and so they can't show new things at E3
3They can show off their shitty localisation
no mention of Ryu reveal
0they could show him off at the capcom presentation
Golden Sun: Secrets of the Ancient Temple gets announced for Nintendo 3DS with a first trailer and will launch in 2016. More details will come in the future.Stop. STOP.
2Super Mario 3D Land 2really dumb titlewhat is 3D WorldSuper Mario Sunshine HDno Sunshine fan asked for a HD Sunshine but a fuckng sequela HD Mario game that isn't 64 or Galaxy sounds retarded as hellDK: Curse of the Jungleretro is working on a new enginetrusted source say they are working on DKR with Monster GamesTo celebrate the release of Lucas a localized version of Mother 3Mother 3TreehouseLOL, THAT IS ITALLFAKEAKE
4This, and I'm not even a Mother fan.
2You had me untilTo celebrate the release of Lucas a localized version of Mother 3 comes to the Wii U Virtual Console also June 16th! It will be fully translated into English.8/10, good effort
78oh look it's this autistic "no true Scotsman" faggot againpiss somewhere else
5Why don't you just play Other M then anon?
Metroid Prime 4I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THE REST PLEASE BE REAL
0Fire Emblem 2The sad thing is that people probably believe that Fire Emblem IF is the second Fire Emblem game.
new Golden SunFake as fuck.But I wish it wasn't.;_;
6What's Other M? I surely don't recognize that title.
8Also at this day a software update for Splatoon will become available that will allow two players to play together in the Online-Multiplayer mode by using two Wii U gamepads.Yeah this is where I stopped reading and called bullshit too. I highly doubt they would add in functionality to their brand new IP that relies on buying new hardware THAT DAY to use.
2The only way it could have been faker is if it said Strange Journey was getting a 3DS remake.
I was going along with everything until:Metroid Prime 4I have never kek'd harder than this. Fuck off OP.
3 this anal anguishComedy gold. Saved for future reference
No amiibo shilling.No Xenoblade X release date and DLC detailsPikachu in Mario Kart when Pokemon amiibo don't even work with it or Yoshi's Wooly World because Nintendo doesn't own Pokemon, they just own the rights to distribute the games.No Smash DLC revealNo KOWAISHITAI!No FE ifeShop tier DK game at E3No mention of Gamepad + being bundled with new WiiUsNo surprise new announcements nobody would ever see coming like Splatoon or Hyrule WarriorsNo Next Level Games WiiU title despite being in development since Fall 2012No Pokemon x Idolm@ster: Jigglypuff's Musical AdventureAt least try next time.
2Damn I kind of want that Mario Maker info to be real. Local multiplayer where the player can change up the level while you're playing? That'd be fucking funny as hell. Oh well, shame it ain't real.
2Pokken Tournament gets a new trailer that shows off new Pokemon like Mewtwo, Charizard and GreninjaI'd be so pissed off.
What the fuck kind of name is Star Fox Supercharged? I know Nintendo hasn't been the best title namers as of late but that shit just sounds fucking dumb. What exactly is "Supercharged"? The Arwing lasers? Give me a break. OP needs to make better names in the future.
Apart from Smash, which isn't Nintendo developed, and Mario Maker literally the day before E3 there have been no substantial leaks. Why would I suddenly believe any of them that promise EVERYTHING from the direct?
8a Nintendo DS/3DS Card Slot for playing NDS/3DS Games on Wii U.For that to happen, they'd need to change the whole Wii U structure, or make 3DS games that can only run on the Wii U, and in the latter case, you might as well just make a Wii U game.
Last night I had a dream about a new Metroid game. It had gyro controls like Splatoon/Nintendo Land and it was a lot of fun.7I just want Scrafty. I know that's too much to ask, though.
2Paper Mario in the style of Super Mario RPGOH fuck yesinfluences from Super Paper Mario and Sticker Starmfw
7Because his friend works for Nintendoand he knows EVERYTHING SO YOU SHOULD TRUST HIM
70At least the Pokemon you guys want have a chance due to having limbs.
nintendoremind me again why i should care about a company that sells happy meal toys for 15 bucks a pop.
8meme pokemon
2good so no new partners. so it'll be like dragon warrior.
8TFW you were the guy who first suggested voting for Dunsparce in that poll all those years ago which turned him into a meme Pokemon.Doesn't change the fact I think he's great.
there will never be another 2D metroid
5Because they're the only ones actually releasing new games.
2It's a good read but obviously fake. Too much impossible shit to be true. Like hell they'd pack a gamepad with a 3DS card slot, kek, it'd cost $200
7nintendonew gamesgood one.
1NEW! Super Yarn Zero Mission 3D
5Thats not how you spell sony
2Would be more believable if not for the bit about the 2nd game pad.
This was posted 3 months ago, I listened to a YouTube video about it.
0Its not exactly that people don't want another Prime, but that people would rather have a new 2D Metroid.Retro did a fantastic job with the DK games, so I'm sure they could do a great 2.5D Metroid.
4epic deflection there friendo.
2I'd rather a 3D Metroid, but more in the style of Super Metroid's kind of movement.I don't exactly want to give up Retro's beautiful art design though.
7NEW! Super Yarn Zero Mission 3D Land: Samus Returns to Zebes
5Sony admits to having no games better deflect to Nintendo
5lmao
0Prime has run it's course, there's nothing more new and exciting that can be done with first person. A good third-person 3D Metroid needs to be made.
Super Mario 3D Land 2I want it!
I'm so glad we are getting fake leak threads again.
4retard.
5If a game doesn't do anything new, it's a bad gameAfter the shitshow that Other M was, give us a new 2D Metroid or Metroid Prime and I'll be satisfied.
No amiibo-related announcementsAlso, a new Animal Crossing title never gets an official title if announced at E3. Wild World, City Folk and New Leaf were all announced as "Animal Crossing working title".
9The funny thing is that like 90% of "leaks" in this shitty board are from Nintendo games and they always turns to be false.I still remember the several leaks from last year and no one was legit.
I cant wait for everyones tears.
2I-it's not true because it's differentMaybe they have actually thought of the name already this time.
3It needs actual 3D controls, not "dodge to win"It needs to have good ambients to explore, not samey shit inside a shipIt needs not to be as linear as a piece of string. Locking doors so you can't backtrack and explore is DUMB Concentration needs to go. It's a shitty mechanic and gives no incentive to killing enemies. Collecting drops from enemies was always fun.IT ALSO NEEDS A FUCKING SOUNDTRACK NOT JUST BOSS THEMESPersonally, a game that plays like Metroid Blast on Nintendoland would be great. You'd have the full movement capacity of Other M when you want, and when you want to shoot you can lock on to an enemy and have the precision of something like Metroid Prime while still being third-person.
8That 'Star Fox name makes it fake' argument is bullshit. We're talking about the same company that named the Wii successor Wii U or the DS successor 3DS.But this seems too much of a wishlist. Paper Mario, Metroid, DK with K. Rool, Golden Sun are all highly requested things and I doubt Nintendo is gonna do all of this in a timespan of a year.
7well it isnt really dumb actually, they want people to buy their wii u's and their 3ds games and systems are doing well so why not allow people play their 3ds games on the big screen, it would solve the problem with a lack of games on the wii u in a way.
8I bet GameXplain will make a new video discussing this leak. Those guys are such lazy shills lately. It's really too bad.
7Except that it would cost a lot to produce a more powerful gamepad that plays 3DS gamesIt would be easily over 300$This leak is fake as fuck and only gullible idiots believe it.
Shy Guy game please
A few days agoNoNintendo already made the digital event before the E3 info video
Star Fox superchargedPlays like the classic but has online multiplayerAlready from the start it's deconfirmedThe game's focus is clearly gonna be multiple vehicles and possibly mechs
Pretty much bullshit. But:Inklings in Mario Kart 8I kinda want this now
WHERE'S ETIKA
Project Giant Robot as its own game when it was stated to be part of Star Fox UThe boomerang flower in Mario Maker when it was specifically a 3D Mario item
9They said it is possible that it could get part of Star Fox
4I personally would want the hype of new Smash characters to be around for as long as possible, since there's such a gap between games.keeping doing that and the next Smash game won't be as hype as the last three japan timesthat where Sakurai gets to the point where they have to scrape the bottom of the barrel to hype somebody up.
a lot of these announcements that are 2016 sound late or middle 2016, Nintendo said that E3 will be 2015 games and EARLY 2016 gamesThere's no fucking way Metroid Prime 4 will be ready in that time
4Or it's where we branch out and get the third parties that deserve a slot. Our Simon Belmonts, Bomberman, whatever.
4nigga most of Smash 4 newcomers are already obscure and they did a good job hyping them up
Skylanders Supercharges just got announcedStar Fox supercharged is totally a legit name guys!
No Roy or Ryu SSB announcementFake.
7Our Simon Belmonts, Bomberman, whatever.HAHAHAHAHA
Golden Sun sequelAaaaand into the trash this leak goes.
2Golden sun in 2016nice try but this presentation has been confirmed for 2015 releases only
9Actually, Nintendo could have made Splatoon work with two gamepads from launch if they wanted to. The WiiU was made to be able to use two gamepads for in-case they ever wanted to. Although in an interview with Miyamoto I think, they said although it can do it, it is unlikely that they will use that functionality much.
7muh deserved slotfags still existsquit being entitled as shit, fucko
8I would love for DS/3DS functionality on the Wii U, but I want it to be a USB add-on for $100. My idea for it is to just basically take a 2DS, and repackage the hardware into a little USB device. Essentially, it would be like how they made the Super Gameboy for the SNES.
6You're a faggot45
4This
8Why would they give people a reason to not buy a 3DS?
5That's why the leak is stupid.
7Or it's where we branch out and get the third parties that deserve a slot. Our Simon Belmonts, Bomberman, whatever.more like Belmont is getting a slot on the Konami pachinko machines :^
9The difference was that playing the mobile games on the SNES or Gamecube made them, well, not mobile.The gamepad, however, is mobile.
4It took Nintendo what? 8 years to get Earthbound on the Virtual Console and you think that they'll just have it ready without a single prior announcement?
0It's not that they can't, it's just that the update, if it launched that day, would be impossible for anyone to use. It wouldn't even give anyone time to buy it before the update launched. It'd be just dumb.
3Metroid Other M's gameplay style was fucking perfectOh my
0Can't wait to see Daisy and Waluigi confirmed. Now those are some characters that are long overdue.
3Metroid Other M's gameplay style was fucking perfect it just needs fixing like circle pad controlling and a better switch from 3rd person to first personNGBfags would like to have a word with you, filthy Wii apologist
2mother 3kek. why did i even bother reading this thing. if all of this is true nintendo literally won e3 again
2Yep, I got the same feeling.How the fuck would they fit pikachu in bikes?
3literally described non-Other M Metroids and Igavanias in general, aside the shitty part
1Fusion had harder and better boss fights and enemy encounters than SuperZero Mission is open as fuck and Hard Mode is basically more challenging than Super Metroid itselfSuper Metroid Reconstruction/Hyper Metroid two beloved romhacks literally beats the living shit out of the original game
Robot WarsAlready copyrighted, that shit would never fly.Fake
All I want are good new 3DS games to pirate.
8Knowing Nintendo, if it's something that actually sounds good, it's probably not true.
4i just want Smash 3DS to be hacked so i can add custom tracks into the game
4some influences from Super Paper Mario and Paper Mario: Sticker StarIf we get another story like SPM, that would be cool.It's the Sticker Star part that worries me.
7implying Mewtwo, Charizard and Greninja aren't absolute shoe-ins
1there are still people on /v/ praising Super Metroid as the best traditional Metroid gamejust look at this shitit's a literal memefied sequel of Metroid, no wonder why Yokoi had to leave and get run over by a car.
bring back Golden Suninclude ability to have waifusmfw
9This is the same company that released a game called "Tipping Stars." I can see them using a name like that.
7Mfw Barafags and their irrelevant, ugly starters got BTFO by SmashMFW they'll get BTFO'd once more
9implying barafagCharizardI know barafags are attracted to Chesnaught but I can't help that.
7Marketing, friend. There is a reason ninja frog got put in Smash, got a good ability with a good movepool to abuse with it, and given Blast Ketchup in the fannie mae
0Because Prime was generally fun aside from control problems on the GC.I hope 3DS gets a Metroidvania and WiiU gets a Prime-like or Metroidvania hybrid that's NOT Other M 2: Electric Boogaloo
6WHY IS THE POKEMON THAT PEOPLE ACTUALLY LIKE GETTING ACTUAL RECOGNITION AND APPEARANCES IN MEDIA INSTEAD OF MY IRRELEVANT, SHIT-TIER BRO?
What we'll likely seeMario MakerStar Fox U GameplayZelda implying they don't lie about everything and won't show SOMETHING like a boss fight segment or some shitSmash DLCSplatoon New ContentSMTxFEFE: ifPokken FightersDevil's Thirdpossible, but not 90% or moreMetroid 3DS/WiiUNew IPsNew Platinum GameRemastersThat one 3rd party game in development for WiiUAnimal Crossing UUnlikely as fuckFZERO UGolden SunEarthbound 3Battalion Wars 3Fire Emblem for WiiUMario Superverse
2
93that gloaty rosterfag syndrome
1Battalion WarsScrew you, seriously. Give me a new Advance Wars.
Also at this day a software update for Splatoon will become available that will allow two players to play together in the Online-Multiplayer mode by using two Wii U gamepadsBull fucking shit, it would tank the framerate. Nice try though.
8i Think it would work but at 30FPS like in the local multiplayer.Like Mario Kart 8 3-4 players.
Who the fuck is Palma?
To celebrate the release of Lucas a localized version of Mother 3 comes to the Wii U Virtual Console also June 16th! It will be fully translated into English.
metroid prime 4Yeah sure
1That one 3rd party game in development for WiiU??????????
6AAA gamePorted by Tantalusbiggest game they ever donetop notch developernot rated Mbigger than Ass effect 3 and Dues sex HR
8Wasn't that from WiiU to some other console or am I thinking something else?
2No that a Tantalus game being ported from Wii U it's most likely funky barn.
2Project Giant Robot and that will now be called Robot Wars. In its Multiplayer mode two players can fight against each other using two gamepads. The game now also features a singleplayer campaign, upgradeable robots as well as a huge amount of different multiplayer arenas. The Wii U Gamepad +, Robot Wars, a bundle including both, the Wii U Pro Controller +
2Project Giant Robot and that will now be called Robot Wars.Jonathan Pearce better be commentating
2Source: my friend works at nintendo
implying they'll be this many cool new things released.We'll get starfox, a smash character, news on games we've already seen lots of, and new MK8 if we're "lucky".
2Golden Sun: Secrets of the Ancient Temple gets announced for Nintendo 3DS with a first trailer and will launch in 2016. More details will come in the future.Bullshit. "Metroid Prime 4 gets announced for Wii U with a first 30 second trailer"bullshit
776Honestly, although i like Greninja better, the fact that Fennekin and Frogadier are assists only seems to heavily imply that Chesnaught will make it in, if it's any consolation.My guess is that the roster will be more experimental early on for Arcade release, but once the console version comes out, many fan-favorites will be added. It'd be the best of both worlds.
Let's forget for a moment that this is fake a as shit.If this was actualy their E3 how would you rate it?
1They'll announce new games, there's absolutely no fucking way they'd show up with absolutely nothing new to talk about or show. They said they would be focusing on games coming out in 2015, not that they weren't announcing anything new. Mario 3D World was announced at E3 2013 and released a few months later, for example.
86/10they tried
1They said they would be focusing on games coming out in 2015And First quarter of 2016.
1It was announced in January 2013 but was first shown at E3 2013.
0"Focusing" doesn't mean "only". There can also be games released after that and some will probably also be delayed into second half of 2016 as we know NintendoIf you look back at the Japanese Nintendo Direct last sunday, you can see that they also announced games like Mario & Sonic or Chibi-Robo which clearly won't come out this summer although they said they are going to outline their summer lineup in this Direct.
1I might be exaggerating a bit, we'll likely get one or two new games, but just remember 2014, we got some news on games we knew little about, but brand new reveals? pokemon OR/AS and splatoon starfox too, but that was super lackluster and felt shoehorned in because they were aware of the lack of new reveals.I'm looking forward to seeing starfox and the other things they'll show for sure, but I think it's perfectly possible we won't get a single super cool reveal like a new metroid, f zero, main series mario.
8[beeping intensifies]
did it live up to the first metro?
It was better in every single aspect.Even better, it got rid of the brown filter and used some much better materials and textures, much better performance.Story was on par.
3Completely agree on the better performance.I beat Metro 2033 on this computer and had a lot of issues with the fps rate while LL ran perfectly.The story in LL dragged a bit too long IMO
Nope, gameplay suffered due to carering to casuals massive AI downgrade.Gunplay is much worse too, losing the equippable knife to a shitty QTE takedown button was also pretty painful.The boss fights seem out of place with the extreme bullet sponging, makes your weapons suddnely feel like toys.Ammo is way too plenty even on RH, there was no point in using the "dirty" rounds at any point in the game.It's not iredeemable shit, but at the same time much less enjoyable than the first one.
1I understand that switching the equippable knife to QTE takedown makes the game a lot easier, but in no way makes it worse
, 
Don't mind me, just posting the best song in the soundtrack.
Don't mind me, just posting why OP's track is the best and why SEGA's music team will always be the best.
1Oh hey, OP actually got it correct.mfw Tricktrack
Sorry OP you appear to have pasted the wrong link.
What went wrong?
8Hmm... short and actually isn't scary at all.
8I'm really not sure.It was a cool idea to a degree, I thought it was going to be more of a story about a company that actually murdered people and sold it as meat or something. it still had some good atmosphere but not as good as the first.Maybe because the monsters were not as mystical as the first because we saw the monsters in brighter light because they took away the sanity meter which made your vision blur when you looked at enemies.
8A pretentious faggot was in charge. That's what went wrong. Played it for 30 min. before uninstalling this crap
Too much machine, not enough pigs
7That's funny cause I thought it had too much pig and not enough machine!
8Chinese Room
/somahype/ here?
The spookyness was more in the prose than the game. I liked the writing, there are some creepy implications.
8It helped the rise of twitch streamers and lets plays.
They made a game I didn't want to play and since I didn't play it, it didn't spook me and since it didn't spook me, it failed as a horror game.That's all really.
9NICE POST
8Chinese Roomremoval of all gameplay beyond carrying object x to point ypretentious narrativeinfinite bright lanternnot very spooky or tensefucktons of health to tank the monsters with as you ran aroundno mystery to the monstersChinese RoomHere's hoping Soma's decent.
Lots of build up, but when you finally encounter a monster it's just w walking pig that runs in an obvious plotted circle. And you only encounter it two or three times, taking away all suspense and fear
8removed Inventoryremoved sanity mechanicremoved lantern oilmost doors, drawers and closets are lockedmost objects are nailed down so you can't interact with themLinear as fuckcrappy monster designYou're supposed to add things to a sequel, not take them away, can't expect the devs who make walking simulators to know that though.
8Different devs than the original
It didn't have enough of what made Dark Descent scary: Enemy sequences.
4 blue ara 
They wasted too much focus on Psychological horror & too little on actual gameplay.Died many times in Dark Descent, not once in Machine for pigs.Dark Descent wasn't always linear, Machine for pigs was.Dark Descent had insanity meter which led to rash decision making, Machine for pigs didn't.Ending was forgettable as shit, don't even remember what happens. Something to do with a machine & your kids.Outlast was way better than this shit.
Last Thread: 1OP Image: 9Include full names and what series your characters are fromCompile multiple images into one or link to a gallery for additional referencesTry not to bump requestsNo shitpostingKeep it vidyaIf a post breaks the rules, DO report and hide it. DON'T respond to it.Have fun!Post your art to the booru for anons to find later in case they miss a delivery or if it is NSFW:to learn how to draw or improve your drawing skills? Visit the /ic/ sticky:/ic/1579290NSFW Deliveries should be posted in/i/441515Drawing Books:
2neato, my buddy's art made the thread opener!
My request is someone drawing Hinako Shijou from KOF doing her Yorikiri move on any other girl from KOF, while the victim is blushing as if they interpreted the attack as a hug, and Hinako is puzzled why they were think that as it is a sumo move.To give it more context, Yorikiri is a move that has Hinako hug onto her opponent and then push them to the end of the screen. Since you never really see girls doing Sumo moves, the other girls might mistake this as a hug or the like, hence the joke.Included in the reference is Hinako, and the frames of the moves itself. if you need more reference, you can see the move in action at 0:11 here: 
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing.A pole like this would work nicely.
Requesting Heathcliff Flowen from Phantasy Star Online undergoing his transformation into Olga Flow, trying to resist the mutation.
Requesting something cute or sexy with Hinoka. Maybe with an off-screen or faceless guy running his hands through the back of her hair.
id like to request my Lynn in her new weird casual outfit doing a peace sign!i dont really have a good screenshot of her full body but the pants are pretty much just long black jeans or something like that. just thought id mention that if someone wanted to do a full body image!
Requesting a cute pic of Kaoru from the Rance series with a short bob haircut.
9holy crap i didnt realize it before but that jacket is blindingly brightsorry to anyone who looked at it
A few days ago, an anon said they would be drawing a Mai Shiranui mermaid. Just wondering if that's still happening or not.
Anything about fusions/redesigns/World of Warcraft/League of legends/anything to draw later today?
Requesting Red left using her dragon to tie up Nepgear right with Red saying something like 'Now I have you all to myself!"
4dunno. havent seen many fusion requests.i did half make one for a combination of Megaman and Metabee the other day, but it was mostly just to give an anon something to do.he never did it.
Requesting the strongest gundam, Turn-A, fighting against one of the strongest mechs ever in video games, Anubis from Zone of the Enders.
4Do Twitch as if he was a tapir instead of a rat.
I want a drawfag to draw Adol from Ys buying a fancy new sword only to immediately sheathe it and start shoulder charging monsters to death.
4How about Cassiopeia in a gladiator's getup though not necessarily Sophitia's, wielding a sword and shield.
9im gay
4Requesting Aki Izayoi as an Alraune, with her hair down, standing in a giant black rose, inviting the viewer to join her inside.Yandere expression is optional.Nude is also optional.
Requesting Tharja wearing BoF2 Nina's outfit or vice versa.
6thats great, anon.
Requesting Elizabeth from Bioshock Infinite taking a selfie with a Big Daddy.
Requesting Akali  middle  helping Miss Fortune  left  carry her tits like in the comic  right . Lewd while sfw or nsfw.
4On it. I feel like drawing Azir too. What animal can I put instead of Azir.
Requesting Cia masturbating while wearing and smelling Link's clothes.
Requesting the XCOM 2 hype train and the Fallout 4 hype train colliding.
Requesting an AC Pilot sitting on the shoulder of his Amored Core staring at a sunset across the desert, for reference AC4 Armored Core are around 10 meters tall.
Requesting a cute Rurufi from Half Minute Hero Second Coming!
I'm not the OR but I liked this request too much.Requesting you draw a smile you wish to protect.
Requesting some sexy Alisha in her DLC outfit, perhaps pulling down her panties with all her clothing still on.
Requesting Ryoubi and Ryouna licking each other’s bellybuttons in a 69 position in their swimsuits, Ryouna’s breasts pushing against Ryoubi’s DFC.
6been working on this since the last thread
8About ten threads ago someone said they were going to draw a cute picture of Gwen from Harvest Moon and I'm still waiting.
6What if that person never smiles?
Requesting POV of Orochi's fat ass bouncing up and down on a thick penis.
4Then there's nothing left to protect.
Requesting Charlotte as a giantess pushing her boobs together on a little Kamui in-between them.
4That's not true! That makes me want to protect them even more.
4That imageI didn't want to remember that.
4
/r/ing Tataru Taru from FFXIV ARR tipping her hat saying "M'lady Minfilia"
That one guy who requests the same thing every thread, even though no drawfag will ever do it.
/i/441641Oh boy, i knew i just had to be patient! Thank you very much to the anon that cleaned it up. It's only halfway done, so hopefully coloring will be easier to happen.Considering there's a lot of bodies in the pic, i'm still willing to pay if anyone is interested.
0one guy
5I saw a page of that girl looking sad while watching Toy Story. Does the manga have a happy ending.
7no
7No.
7NO DON'T LOOK IT UP ITS THE UNHAPPIEST ENDING YOU COULD IMAGINE
Requesting Li Xiangfei prostituting herself in an alley. Panties and pants down but not off.Maybe like this: with money on her hand.For the longest time i always tought she loved money, but it seems she's just a perky waitress. Bummer.
Requesting the two Ammo Baron girls symmetrical docking with each other in their swimsuits, for a little extra stimulation with a bottle of sunscreen between their tits squeezing out and hitting their faces. A dick between them works too. Just the bottom girl playfully lifting her bikini top would be nice too.
0That guy who is so pathetic that he tries his hardest and spends all his day trying to stop one guy from posting a requestI feel sorry for you sometimes, you have found the most pitiful way to feel in control yet you still don't have the power to stop one guy from requesting stuff you don't like in an image board that doesn't matter in the long run.
8I'm still waiting for my delivery 6 months ago, 9 if you count the 1st one asking me how long would I wait to see my request done.
4what happens?
Re-requesting a version of Marie from Splatoon doing the pose in bottom half of pic related with a grin like the one in the top half while licking the urethral probe. Possibly with a text bubble saying, "Now for your freshness exam!" though it wouldn't be necessary.
8How about a siamese cat?
Requesting Kula Diamond King of Fighters and Jack-O Guilty Gear dancing at a disco.Cause they both have bell bottom pants, get it?4Sucks to be baited like that huh? I've been lucky enough to be getting deliveries lately, so I'm not too hard pressed for it. Just curious...
2That's a good question.You're not gonna find out.
2Rape and mindbreakDON'T LOOK IT UP YOU WILL REGRET IT I SWEAR, JUST DON'T
2It was all a dream, a really bad dream
I wish I had ideas of my own to draw instead of relying on others to provide them. I'm just too dull.
0No it wasn't, it was real. TOO real.
5o-oh..50maybe its better that way
3Wise choice, anon.Never search for it.
0Make a manga with someone.
5Looks done to me.
4757hey little girl, are your parents around?
I'd love anybody who'd draw a more radical version of a Poring.
3Stop that you monster! STOP!
3Please. No more.
9id love anyone who'd draw a picture of Poring kissing a Slime from Dragon Quest on the cheek3leave.
1deformed facedeformed ass
4Welcome to Senran Kagura artwork
Requesting that you all have a nice day!
4I'm a drawfag, not a miracle worker.
4thank you, anon!
4you too, anon!
4Sorry anon but I can never deliver that request.
4fuck you
4I got work, so it aint happening.
4I'm trying, anon.Requesting a close-up of Enclave Cirno's face, with a smug expression. Smug grin preferred, but smirk will work too.
8Yup, I'm just busy with finals and all that.
88Another one, here you go.
2That's based as fuck, anon. Can you take a look into this, please? 9
3Ah cool, thanks for the update.
2well done!
3Good luck, anon
2Been a "proud" citizen of SK artwork for a long time now, cant believe a nigga that makes such rookie mistakes is in charge of the oficial art.
2Awwww yiss
Someone give me smash girls to sexualize
2emerald herald under Pricillas dressHnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngI love your art.
0always Sheik
0
Requesting Kiso wearing a zipper bikini or as a dragon monster girl.
0genderswap Shulk
0From Smash TV? they's pretty ugly and generic but here you go.
Requesting fusion of Greenheart V2 form Neptunia V2, Nu13 BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger and Tyria Ar tonelico Qoga: Knell of Ar Cie.
2OR here, perfect, thank you!
0Jigglypuff
0nanaoh wait
0Shantae
6I want this so bad..
Requesting anything Dark Souls related art Sitting by a bonfire, injured, ready to fight a boss etc. with my DS character wearing the Alva Set Without Helm and equipped with a greatsword and royal kite shield on her back.
Requesting anything lewd of female Robin and Lucina
5did you just fucking insult my waifu?
2your waifu has a potato nose
6here you go. now you can stop posting every thread.
2Are you 14?Because this is something a 14 year old would ask.
1Thank you, I will.
44Everybody has something that makes them smile, anons.
1I think anon is asking for something of just those two, and looking at that its mostly male Robin too.
6What would you like them to be doing?
4Clearly you haven't been here long enough to know that there are a few drawfags who love created character requests, shame that they rarely visit the thread now.
2not that guy, but I want to see them sharing a Hotdog, with Robin licking the leftover mayonnaise near Lucina's lips.
2Not OR but have them doing lewd things latex or POV of them sharing a dick.
0mayo on a hotdog
2Zipper Bikinis! Not that guy by the way.
2Have them playing vidya, In lazy, loose clothing or no clothes at all.
Requesting someone to draw an interpretation of what she would look like out of sprite form.
1780Thank you all! It was nice scene to draw.9Sorry but nope, I'll probably draw this one next with the Souls-main characters.5 think we can get more summer vacation stuff? karaoke, beach and watermelon, that stuffIf you have suggestions for these scenarios, let me know.
3Geiger Counterspent a hour looking while driving for you. Never read it before and it seems fun , will you read it with me? :^}
0sharing a HotdogSo you basically mean what 8 wants?I'm interested in all of the requests, but I am interested in what OR wants too.god I fuckin hate these food captchas
7The guys doing shenanigans on the beach. Getting burned over the sun, fucking the other guys tans by drawing or putting things over them, playing with the sand, making sandcastles, eating icecream, etc.You know the stuff
4What game is this and it looks like megajew transactions all over the place sadly.
3nope
7Chosen Undead and Siegmeyer freaking out as the Hydra boss comes from the ocean
2Dungeon Fighters, its in its beta and not really as bad as archeage, everything you can get is free on the grounds that you play the game long enough to accumulate points for it, which is like 4 days of wearing a characters run limit out.
Requesting Leia from Tales of Xillia 2 broke and half-naked after losing at poker, looking anxious and saying "D-Don't worry, guys, I'll get back everything we lost!"
7Watermelon smashing contestThe male protags and any male NPC's you want shirtless and flexing for the waifus whom are all unimpressedExcept Gwyndolin who has his snake tentacles ready to strikeThose mages of Seathes dressed as hula girls doing the dance with their catalyst set ablazeThe ancient dragon relaxing by the water with the hydra in Ash lakeThe protags drooling and mirin over the waifus swimwear
8Yeh!
9
2I'm fine with anything lewd of them, so you can pick your favorite out of the suggested ones, to be honest I quite like a few of them.
0
S4 League porn does not exist. Someone needs to fix that, also requesting anything out of this character.
1But, if you had to pick...I've started on one anyway, but I'm curious to hear
3Hmm, well I have really enjoyed seeing zipper bikinis lately so maybe that one, maybe combined with another suggestion or just simple yuri in them.
2Do you have any references for zipper bikinis?
5I think this is the one that shows what a zipper bikini best.
1though it's clearly for sexual appeal i'd honestly like to have one of those.it looks MUCH easier to put on than a normal one piece.
Give me odins sphere or muramasa girls to draw tonightcan be lewd if you so desire
I'm gonna do this again: Send requests of /v/ characters parodying popular media photos, statues, art, etc.
8do you mean /v/ as in the board or as in Video Games?
6the vidya games
2Momohime refusing an offer for a dip in the hot spring.
Did somebody say shitposting?
3Requesting a smash character doign that because some pikmins are hitting him. Would love it if it's Ganondorf.
8okay!8Eggman on the "We want YOU" poster, but the text instead reads "Get a load of THIS"
2okay draw that one valkryire slut armwrestling that oni slut while making out with that one kitsune slut.
8Haha I love this idea. Seconding.
8Sejuani and that Napoleon riding on a horse painting.
Requesting the Killer with a hand in his pocket, aiming his revolver at a target off-screen.
Requesting Princess Peach as a short stack
Requesting Lina with an Agahnim's scepter at the ready.
Requesting a depiction of Nu-13 stalking Ragna.
I drew my waifu
6
2Perfect.
7I want to see you draw her digitally.
2Nice
61Here's a WIP of my thought process. To make it lewd, I'm thinking of Robin pulling down Lucina's swimsuit or something. Those aren't the actual lines, by the way.
1Oh, I forgot to add. Do you have any suggestions on how to make it more lewd?
7What's behind the black boxes?
Any 2hu requests?
7I think the game will be stuck not having lewd or anything made for that matter.
7Yukari Yakumu.Portal Handjob and blowjob.
Is the anon who made WonderCrab here?
7do you have a gallery somewhere, lucuanon?
2amazing, thank you.
7Suwako doing an amphibian hat dance.
7Draw your favorite 2hu being a bad influence and doing drugs.
Requesting Ashei getting comfy without her armor on. Some ass from Ashei would be great too.
9kekSeconded. Do it in Chibi if too if possible
Requesting Veran with a Hyrule Warriors redesign.
Requesting Dedede dressed up as Majin Buu and Kirby with Goku's SSJ3 hair
Two kinds of requestNone Lewd - Cutesy styleLewd- servicing monsters and taking all that liquid in both holes.
9i was that one anon last thread who said they'll do it. I just have to do a final and il start right away
8Sounds a bit too crazy but ill try some oni arm wrasslin.
Requesting an image showing all of Cthylla with that sexy ideal body on the left.
Want to see someone redraw her in your own style in lewd or none lewd way/
Requesting Magatsu Izanagi doing something edgy.
Any monster requestsOr just normal simple qts
1Wheel Skellington engaging in hookers & blow.
1You the guy who monsterified girls?
1Heres a cute girl.
Requesting lewds of Hisoka please. Ass focus is always nice. If you want something specific, she is said to be a bit of a masochist and loves to test her endurance, so getting spanked or seeing how long she can ride a dick are nice.
1Pretty sure theres a couple monster girl requests in the thread already.But what about a Dark Souls Flexile Sentry or Capra Demon or Basilisk monster girl?
Requesting Camilla comforting female Kamui from behind and running her hands down Kamui creamy exposed thighs.
Where the fuck did all the thread activity go?
6A smile worth protecting.
Requesting Sin giving his mother Dizzy a present or a big hug. If you go with the present idea, a stuff doll of Justice or Ky would be great.If you want to add Ky into the hug idea that would be sweet too
3Oh hi. I was lurking the thread where this idea was born. Nice to see someone following through.
0The grave
3Why do i want this.seconding very hard
Requesting an image similar to the one with male Kamui at the bottom except with female Kamui in the middle and Marx and Ryouma on her sides. Marx should be saying "Loyalty" and Ryouma "Destiny".
1Why don't you take one of the requests already in thread for fuck's sake.
1You got a tumblr?
5because they're all SHIT
Taking good requests.
1Dante eating a Neapolitan pizza for the first time.
Ok so I gotta leave in 2 hours and I got nothing better to do, so I guess I'll be sketching lewd megaman requests for now, and maybe finish them later once I get home.
get a really nice delivery, tell yourself to stop requesting for a weekpeople keep saying they're taking requests, urge to give in to temptation rises.
6hey PV, would you like to draw some cutelewd with Roll and splashwoman?
6I would be happy with anything that featured Atlas.Or Aile.
5I like this one, thank you anon!
Please, Murasaki as a Kyoryu Violet helmet off if you can and bebe in the male's
4eh why not1hm sure, just gotta specify it
Please
7I just want Maiden in Black like in a bikini. I'm fine with whatever as long as that is a thing.
5Can her caboose be rammed, just like that?
9Hmm, I was hoping for an image of Atlas after a workout, but it wouldn't really be that lewd unless she was doing it nude or just wearing that black body suit.Having her in her armor, but missing some components, might not be bad either.
4sure it looks easier to put on but wouldn't the zipper blades hurt?god forbid hair gets stuck in the blades
Any oldbag/loli ace attorney/tales/disgaea requests?
4Oldbag getting NTR'd.
4You can do the Disgaea WItch Doctor and Mage having tea together.
4draw mage hopping and skipping merrily through a scene of battlefield carnage.
Somebody give me a character with a simple design so I can draw porn of them.
6love the Oracle image you uploaded.
4P-pls noPicturing that is hot as fuck tho
4Disgaea? Do you have a preference? Because I'd like to see some girls as delivery service girls with a package to deliver to anon, asking for signature.
0Zelda slapping her butt.
47
0how about Dulche de la Valentine?
Can I get a drawing of the taunt pose with RED?
Requesting the pic on the left, but with the Mario Characters replaced by the Mavericks from the original MMX. I hope some artist will be willing to take my request.
0
0Angela Strraughend's just a busty chick with red spiky hair.hope she qualifies.
0
Yumi - from Senran Kagura - working at this yogurt store.the worker was wearing a black t-shirt with the yumi yogurt in pink, iirc logo on the left chest area.
4How about a rule 63 imp?
Requesting Yuri Lowell dressed like a cheerleader with "Brave Vesperia" on his top.
1
3
requesting caster/tamamo dancing in a bikini, with a really slutty pose with arms up as she works her body or runs her hands like this gif animated in a gif or webm please0Tamamo's is pretty simple, how about her?
1come on, lucu anon, don't leave me hanging, here! surely you have a gallery somewhere.... right?
Requesting Four Swords Princess Zelda getting dressed please
Requesting Boomer shorting out and saying "ERROR", please.
Requesting Elise rolling around in Kuon's clothing and sniffing Kuon's skirt. Elise just groping Kuon works too.
requesting hokusai's A fisherman's wife dream drawn with an inkling and any vidya girl.Preferably one that has any kind of interaction with squid or octopus monsters, such as Momohime from Muramasa.
Requesting a follow-up, like from the one SK doujin where Murakumo sics the wolves on Shiki and Haruka
6Axle from Megaman X5, anal fingering and vine jerking Yamark from MMX6
2not squid inkling on kid inklingI might try that momohime though
1Why didn't you make her smile, anon?
I want to see that megalo2 girl lifting up her skirt to show her lack of pantiesAs for her face, embarassed or a cocky grin
0video games
0something something not vidya something something cuck
7Hm ok, here's what I got.5thanks anon
40That's really cute, I'll do this one but I don't know if I'll have time to finish today.
/r/ing Pamela in a sexy pose like the bottom left but in a more simpler outfit, like a dress or nightgown
Requesting Steven Stone summoning a giant Mega Metagross mecha in an over-the-top fashion while turning one of the rings on his fingers.
8OR here, Oldbag suffering is delicious.
6Ah, that's so darn cute.Thanks a bunch, drawfriend.
0Why are you sexualizing Metroid? He's sexualized as is.
6You wouldnt be tracing these would you? The tell tale signs of something traced is coming from this. Or you have some really fucked up line work, in which case you should invest in trying to make them neater
8Yes Crabbu, more of this!
Requesting Ushimaru in or using 1
Requesting Skyward Sword Zelda in her white dress riding her own custom cycle like Link has in Mario Kart 8. Something inspired by the Goddess Hylia.
2you have not seen his other work, have you?
2Not really...? If there's a similar image then it's just a coincidence, not like this pose is very original to begin with anyway.Hm, do you think it looks like something specific? If it is then I might just try another pose, don't wanna do something that looks like it was copied from someone else.And well yeah, it's a bit messy but it's just a sketch, the lines might just get a little better should I ever finish this, though I will admit that my lines in finished drawings do look sorta shaky sometimes.
Doing the laundry so have some time to kill, this file could have your request in it. Dont link me to any request already made, scanned the thread looking for something to draw and found nothing apealing.
Sapphire paizuri please1Do this? Or that shrine maiden chick you did before, something.
A few threads ago a drawfag was asking about his WIP which was a Sailor from Pokemon ORAS, if you're here, can you please finish it?
1not a request, but what would you like me to draw for you, Tim? I assumed Renge, but if you have someone else in mind, could yo let me know?
2Its not the pose its the linework itself. A massive give away when someone is tracing is wiggly lines, it shows that hte person is trying to follow a specific line instead of just creating the line how they themselves would do it. I didnt actually mean it for just this image it was the other one too. If its not tracing you need to work on your shaky hands or something.
2Someone actually did my request, and it was used as an OP image.
Requesting Milla Maxwell roughly riding on top of Jude Mathis in cowgirl position.
0Oh cool, Thanks a lot!
3that can also happen if you're tracing over your sketch lines.
6Hey guy, I'm the drawfagSorry I've been really suicidal lately and my life is breaking down.I can't do much right now with work and bills but I will try my best to finish it before.. well I'll try my best Thank you for remembering me though, it feels good to be remembered
Requesting a Biggoron Sword Fi.
1 Kafuru smug pepe please and whatever other 'meme' macros you can think of
4Anon, please be okay. Not OR but it would be sad not to see you around anymore.
4This is literally the first instance Ive seen this happen if this is the case, either way, it would look much better if the lines were cleaner/smoother.
3Oh I see.Well... I didn't really trace it from anywhere other than the original raw sketch of it.
3He's probably the same person that responds to other posts that ask about the whereabouts of drawfags, always responding with sad stuff and keeping up the hope of requesters.It's a lie.
1Requesting the Darkness laughing at Jackie dressed as Andy from Heart of Darkness. Maybe do some Darklings laughing too, parodying reaction images
Trying out this fusion of Asukas again
Requesting Rachel and Platinum sharing a deep and passive kiss, tongue and saliva included.
4OR hereC'mon, don't do anything bad, you can get through the hard times.Wanna talk on Steam about it?
Requesting this, please ;_;
10I want to draw Renge too, any simple animation you want to see?2smug pepe was already done
6I'm here:katosei.tumblr.com 9kuudere don't smile much
6Anyway, got like 30 minutes before having to leave home, any other lewd megaman requests? I know there was a roll-splash woman one but I kinda need the requester to sorta specify that one.
0Anon cant you come up with a less lewd request?
0Oh wow, didnt expect that, many thanks . Yes, more Renge is always welcome. 7I'll give it a shot.
7Like what, sleeping or playing vidya with her hair in a ponytail
5Adorable.It must've feel nice to be able to draw your own waifu.tfw can't draw a happy waifu
7that actually sounds pretty nice ill try it after i finish coloring something
0stop stealing my offers, crayonbro just kidding, make it nice!7Alright, Renge it is. This'll take a while, though.. I'm slow with this stuff and there's like 22 things to draw
Draw her please
2Oh, sorry, I didn't realize you wanted me to specify further.Splash hugging Roll from behind, breasts resting on her head, Roll somewhat annoyedly pushing them being jealous that she doesn't have any chest.
Someone draw her 1 in Kat's outfit
6Thanks! I don't see any Lucu on there, but I still like this art.Lucu a cute.
Requesting a wedding photo/scene of Escha and Logy please, using her anime body-type.Apparently she's the only canon non-virgin? I would like her losing it to Logy.
Requesting Cremia brewing up a special batch of milk for her own consumption by milking young Link's dick into a bottle.
5No need to hurry, i'll check the booru regularly in case you finish it later this week or the next.
Ryouki dressed as I-No from Guilty Gear, Sorceress from Dragon's Crown, or a different girl using any of the girls her voice actress voiced 
post requests for simple video game enemies
3
7Do you have a refference of the kid's helmet and gun? also how those darklings even look like?
2The "Yes Man" poster with Yes Man from New Vegas instead of Jim
I kind of wanted something of Alundra and Meia.I also had in mind a very stylish and/or trippy art of Alundra using his Dreamwalker power entering someone's dream. Another idea is an alternate ending where they both walked down the same road.Or just some sexy/cute Meia.
07
3Girls getting NTR'd is my fetish.
7Where can I read the full story of this testicle tamer?
7not really into ntr, but that doujin is fucking hot.
3Delicious, I'm not a fan of NTR, but oldbag deserves all of this after all that loli-abuse. I hope Phoenix and Edgeloli have a happy life together.
Rom from Neptunia getting fucked from behind, and on a guys lap, optional while she pees and cries out in embarrassment and pleasure.
3wow
7Some random faceless dude in touhouFucking disgusting
3Do you have any idea how old she is?Maybe then you would think twice before typing all that.
1She isn't really a normal human, so it's okay.
1the DS is almost 11 years oldwhere does the time go
No one probably cares about this, but the hype is real for this game yuri aside. So, I'd like to request her giving a titfuck with her top still on through that front gap in her top.
Hey BroHere you can have this controller
0Can't be the worst if you haven't played on it
0is that the back of it?
2But it's definitely weird
5weird doesn't mean bad though.
0All I wanted from this was a normal fuckinf D-pad.1st it was buttons, then a fucking analog stick. People are just going to use normal controllers. The touch pads could have made good analog stick replacements, but instead it seems that they want you to play 2-D games with the left touch pad which is dumb.I'll just continue to use my Dualshock 4.

0one of the track-pads is now a d-padremoved middle touch screen all togethermoved buttons into original pattern do not stealunnecessary joystickWhat the fuck were they doing, was their original idea too good? Why the fuck remove ALL the original features for your controller? Did they need to retard it up for some reason? I bet the fuckers even removed the 3rd set of shoulder buttons. I actually really liked the original design but now its just a fucking madcatz xbox controller.
2can't be the worstliterally an inverse xbox controllerIf I had to think of the worst controller ever, this would pretty much be it.
Will it be usable with a computer? If so I might get one.
4It's a controller specifically made for PC, so yeah.
4will the steam box controller be usable on a PC...Are you fucking retarded?
6I'm still using a Logitech Rumblepad 2 and nobody can stop me.
2The left thing is still a trackpad as well
7still a track padput giant groves in itFOR WHAT PURPOSE
6Was that the one with the square gates? Are they as awful as they look?
3Gates? I don't even know what you're talking about.
9I believe you are the retard anon.
4The holes around the analog sticks
6I've played everything from Psychonauts to Dark Souls on it with no difficulty whatsoever. I suppose your mileage may vary.
4Why? I'm not the idiot that asked if a controller for a computer works on a computer.The dumbest question I've read so far this week.
9Were there any issues with the sticks getting stuck in the corners or having to push them too far in the diagonals?
0precise controlsanalog, touch or d-padKEK x 2
tfw when you had to use the crappy third-party controller in multiplayer because you weren't among the usual crowd
7No. If you have to really jam it in there to get the response you want, that's probably a sign your sticks need to be configured.
6I never owned it, but I know a guy who did.
9he replied
7I would pay like $500 to see her jam that in her cunt.
1I did see it :
0Gimmickiest input device I ever actually liked.Shame it was just rubber dome switches.
any controller with a layout like picalso, this controller made me realize consoles are for kids only
People still bitching and whining about the touchpads after that demonstration video showing the precise aim mouse-like they give.Only drawback is turning but I imagine you can just up the sensitivity like you do with a mouse. There's nothing stopping people from mixing in deadzone and analog-like controls for the outer regions of the pad either.
8I guess so it's easier to make straight vertical and horizontal movements.
0Still better than anything Nintendo has done for the past few years. That gamepad on the Pii Poo is the poorest excuse of a controller I've used since the Wii remote.
9epin :^
3Pii PooBoy, non-Nintendo fans sure are mature.
0Don't pretend Nintendo fans are any betterI fucking hate this board
3Have you not touched a Wii U Pro Controller? It's basically a 360 controller but a little wider which is more comfortable for someone like me with big hands.
0 "worst X ever" never used X beforeNever change, /v/
0DS3/Xbox 360 controller + Xpadder + JoyToKey + Pinnacle do everything this controller does and much more
7No, it would just be a regular joypad with some key rebinds.
1it wouldn't go very far and you'd be disappointed. her ass on the other hand ...
3combining three programs the sensitivity improves a lot due the fact that each individual command overlaps each other, making the mouse really smoothit's far from a real mouse, but it's better than a standard controllerI've finished STALKER Clear Sky, Terraria Hardmode, Fallout 1 with a dualshock 3/Xbox One controller without a single sweat
mfw i watch him scroll a thousand times just to aim 2 inches upwardsThis... is just like playing FPS games on a laptop trackpad... its... disgusting, are we in the new era of consoleplebs claiming to have same precision as master race because of this?
3
6That's what mallets are for, anon.
, 
, 
What's /v/ opinion about porno games?
Since I work on localization of them, I'd say I'm in favor.
interactive porn can be a much more powerful fantasy than regular porn.too bad there will never be a real western market.
6Let me say then that the stuff that does get translated is usually too fetishisticBut I guess that's what makes it stand out enough to get translated in the first place
calling h-games "porno" games
There are some exceptions, but as long as I don't have to spend hours upon hours to get the porn, I'm quite a fan of them.There are also some porn games that I stopped playing for the porn...
3Why not?
0VR could hopefully change that.
4As far as nukige goes, it's easier to go ones that feature heavy fetishes. Marketing them is simple, and they usually catch a nice niche.Story titles usually have lots of vanilla sex, but I get where you're coming from.
4Porno games are just interactive porn and nothing moreH-games are games with pornographic content but also an actual game as well. For example, Rance games.
9rance seriesactual gamestop kek
6Why would VR change that?People think there is some mysterious culture thing going on for the reason why Japan makes porn games.The only "mysterious" culture thing going on is that they actually spend money on porn.Their porn game market is worth something like $200 million per year. That money is what gets the porn games funded and made.If westerners spent $300 per year on porn games then there would be companies dealing with that demandI don't see how VR will make westerns start paying for porn, they'll buy the headset and pirate the content.
1If Gone Home is a game Rance is a game.
0too bad there will never be a real western marketYou can thank nanny states who ban/lock away everything pornographic for that.For example in UK you can get in jail just for looking at loli porn.Get that through your head, you get jailed for literally looking at pixels drawn by some aging asian half-blind man.And that's not just loli, the've banned some other fetishes aswell.It's just sad.
Is there anything good going to be released soon?AA2 is great but kinda got tired of it latelyI want a Custom Maid 3D 2
9Bust a nut to them every other day 
4That one foxgirl gamealthough it's kinda HL3 status right now.
1banned bondage and face sittingliterally banning fetishesyou fucks need to fight for your rights
9You mean Neptunia?Cancer of the industry.
9bunny black was fucking nice.for best girl you rape her so much she falls in love with you. best
9Why would you play a mediocre RPG maker game because of some boobs?Go look at CG sets. So less of a pain in the ass.
9they are dangerous fetishes someone might get hurt:-/
9Why the fuck would they ban face sitting?
3Original rondo was so much better...
9Is there a h game with good gameplay?
Top TierRewarding gameplay with sexy rewardsFunny VNsHigh TierConstant gameplay peppered with sexy stuffMid TierAverage VNLow TierThe sex happens during the technically difficult parts how the fuck am I supposed to do this with one hand
2Snow Maiden Eve is pretty gud
7Because it sucks you in and builds a connection to the heroine which makes interacting with anything in the game world exciting.You won't know that feel unless you find a game which clicks with you.I can't immagine to fap to just the CG set without the context within the gameworld.We are speaking about orgasm amplification levels which far exceed even god-tier JAVs/porn movies.
2Yes
Skyrim is pretty good but I'm sad that every new TES game has dumbed down mechanics. Still think they went too far with the removal of stats and spellcrafting, because let's be honest, the more you can break a game the more fun you have with it.
I have never played any of the games in these series:Final FantasyStreet FighterMetal Gear SolidSilent HillDevil May CrySMT/PersonaHitmanGrand Theft AutoCastlevaniaMetroidElder ScrollsResident EvilPokemonNinja GaidenShould I? Which ones?
For pokemon, either HeartGold/SoulSilver or OmegaRuby/AlphaSapphire. Maybe Platinum. Or black/white 2... basically, all the non-rehashes are shit.
6You should try Pokemon X&Y are easy and have a lot of 1st gen pokemon, MGS 1/2/3, GTA Sans andreas, Metroid Super metroid for 2D and Prime for 3D and Silent Hill 1/2/3/4
6Depends on what you want to do For single player, I'd say Emerald since it has a rather large Battle Frontier for you to enjoy. If you want multiplayer, anything in gen 6 will do.
6No, instead you should kill yourself.
Play Super MetroidA toaster built 10 years ago can emulate it with no problems at all and you can beat it in a day if you really put your mind to itAside from the Metroid and Castlevania games most of the stuff on your list is a huge time commit
6Get the DMC HD collection and if you enjoy those buy the special edition to 4 when it comes out. 1,2 and 3 play very differently but they hit their stride with 3 and you can take some of what you learn from that to 4.4 also works really well for toasters.
6How?Final Fantasy 7MGS all numbered entries in orderDevil May Cry any but 2 or remakeSMT Nocturne, Persona 3Castlevania Symphony of the NightSuper MetroidElder Scrolls 3 Morrowind Black Hand and Thieves guild quest lines in OblivionPokemon HG/SS
Street Fighter 3rd strike/USF4GTA:SASuper MetroidTES:OblivionPokemon Black2/White2play these ones
Final FantasyPlay VIMetal Gear SolidPlay MGS1Silent HillPlay 1 or 2CastlevaniaPlay Super Castlevania IV or Symphony of the NightMetroidPlay Metroid Zero MissionResident EvilPlay REmake or 2PokemonPlay FireRed/LeafGreen, HeartHold/SoulSilver, or Platinum
6Should I?Do you want to?
, 
What's his name again, /v/?
2fallout 3.1
The Dog Walker
LETS
Not Important
Pipboy
Cesar Millan from vault 111
albert cole
fuckdaddy111
2Blurry Mchand
2Dio G.
fallout frank
2Awoo~
5Why is momiji so irrelevant
2Letsgo Pal.
Screenshot hiking simulator.
San Andreas hands
2Dogmeat
7*duckmeat
Pal
6CONFIRMED FOR PAL
Riley
9/thread
, 
I just finished System Shock 2 and loved it to pieces. What really amazed me was not only the technology it had at the time, but how damn comfy and atmospheric it could be.I crave for more games like this. I've already played the BioShock series which was really good up until Infinite, and I already gave System Shock 1 a go. What are some other really atmospheric FPS-RPGs like these?
0System Shock 2Comfy You fucking what?
Strife is awesome. Im working my wqy thru it right now.
0Too bad anon. Everyone's waiting for a SS2 successor for years.inb4 RoutineThat game is not going to be like SS2.
Duuuuuuuh.
6When you're in a small safe alcove with no monsters, a couch, some bottles of juice nearby, and a big window out into the inky blackness of space, it can be just a little comfy.
0Have you tried Alien: Isolation? Pretty damn amazing as far as fantastic sci-fi space station enviroments and atmosphere goes. Mechanically, obviously, it's quite different - it's mostly a stealth game with horror and action streak to it, it does not have any RPG elements, but when it comes to atmosphere and settings, it really does not get much better than this.If you want just fps-rpg hybrids, obviously Deus Ex and Deus Ex Human Revolution are the best possible choices. Vampire The Masquerade is also a good option. Original Deus Ex and VtM:B are fantastic games, though VtM:B needs the unofficial patch to be even playable. HR is good, though not amazing.
If you liked SS2, you'll probably like Thief 1&2. They used the same engine and had a lot of shared development staff.
1I came here to post this
Despite their fantasy settings I guess the elder scroll games kind of count
5I have. It's terrifying as all hell. I love it. Haven't finished it yet.6Really? I heard Thief 1 and 2 were good but I had no idea they were on the same engine as SS2.
0Arx Fatalis
Well?
0JOSEPH JOESTAR
0Tommy
0Lemeza
0Friend
0Trowza
0Vaporwave
0Malia
0Aku Aku
0USSR Flagbearer.
Get in here3
0A Cat
0Usopp
0Patreon
0Seiga
0Adol
Alraune
0RNGesus
The KidRIP other thread
4THE HEARTBREAK KID
0Copy Man
4Reminder the game will be hosted in /vg/-/vg/105369401
0Mistral
Tokkentakker
SANIC
0The Universe
0Some anime milf
0Undertaker
Din Din Flynn
3Is than actual album cover? I want to listen to it.I haven't really got into Vaporwave apart from Com Truise or Lazerhawk.
Ash
Noel Vermillion
0Beard
0
Punished Chaika
0Chris Farley
0Leen
8Courier Six
Peridot
0George Washington
0Greg "Idra" Fields
0Comedy dog
Chief Puddle
Dr. Mario and shy bowser
Scar0
9Get lost. You're no longer relevant.
0Solar Man
Terminator HHH
0Cynthia
Demifiend
Frank West
0Kinzo
1That's not vaporwave you mentioned, that's synthwave aka new age retro and I dunno, if you want vaporwave check out bbrainz or Corp
0Moe
Dovahkiin
SQUIRDWARD TENNISBALLS
Montezuma
7tfw you miss his copy attack and have to run around like a spastic dodging attacks waiting for the attack to reload
0Ebina-chan
0He might be the cutoff.
0phoon
Pretty neat stealth threadFits in with all the other Fallout threads
8/v/ - Splatoon, Hatred, and Fallout 4
8someone else here has played Gotcha Force
What the hell is going on in this thread
4funcome to /hug/ to have fun with us
0Don't forget about the Fake E3 Leaks,12 days until E3Threads and all other forms of shitposting such as LOL Threads and Filename Threads!
4We have evolved past basic communication and have learned to use characters instead
4injokes and sekrit clubs
This threadIs cripplecuckchan trying to raid us or something?
There exist a bunch of circlejerking faggots who consistently attempt to force their shit on the boardMan, you'd never fucking take a guess and make your own site or some shit.
3It's a good feel
4War, because war never changes, anon.
Fei Fong Wong
/vg/105369401
6Thanks anon. My music is fairly pleb.
Josh Brolin. Should've been batman. Should also do this.
4they are literally a bunch of parasites. it's weird.
4We have a general dipshit
4Have a generalStill posts where not wantedScratch that "10 int", you're a fucking living brick.
Will Bethesda ever learn to create NPCs that don't look and move lke creepy mannequins
5nobody listens to vaporwave unironically anyways, so better not hope vaporwave is some kind of elder god genre the deep web listens to
Finally a REAL sequel to Fallout 3
2Being this mad over people trying to have fun
8implying we can do that without hitting the image cap in 2 games
8generals have high post count but low image count einstein.hugs need high image count for the roster
Lets talk about Fallout 3
8
1No. They also will never make their mouths move right, and they will always pace back and forth, and be too demonstrative with their hands to make them seem more human. They are absolute shit at realism.
Anita
4Yeah. Some call it summer, others call it shilling. Either way, it's best to avoid day-time /v/
Lego Indy
3I think it was pretty coola solid 7/10
5day-time /v/It's best to avoid /v/ all-together.
7Put a bunch of images into a random sequence generator and watch the turn out slowly pace out with a bunch of other faggotsFunLovingEveryLaugh
0Sonic 3 Barrel
5Daytime /v/On a weekdayWhen the underaged get out of school is way worst you dumb nigga
0war never changechangestopped reading there
5i think most of these Hunger Game faggots are just third worlders who can't afford to play anything else. sad really.
0BOLIEVE
5But anon, it is fun.But you wouldn't know about that, would you
58Yeah it really is anon's. You should learn to have fun :
1Summer vacation just started, m8ty.
Hunger games simulator is now divisive on /v/since fucking when
Hunger Games Thread?
5Nah, tons of Fallout shitthreads are more fun.
2Since new mods
2Since everyone outside of 4chan started doing it.Don't you know that /v/ is a contrarian hipster board that hates anything that's popular unless it's Kojima or Nintendo?
2Since they introduced new flavors of Hot Pockets.0Zone-tan
2ROB threadsThose were far from the worst.
51Literally watching still pages of characters you randomly repeatedlyNo interactions with itNot even a gameThey say it's funThese pathetic niggersEverySingleLaugh
What the hell is going on in this thread?
5Arguing.
 He didn't like R.O.B threads
7le smug anime bait
thread started with whiny muh feminism fukken wimmen faggotryno one is shitposting about itIs this a bot thread or something? What the fuck is even going on?
0co-op confirmedwife and husband tag-teamingsjws still upset it cant be two women or two men
Clinton "Fear" Loomis
STARTING- /vg/105369401
5A debate with those trying to have fun and children who hate everything.Also NV had for stuff to do with mods, but 3 had the better story.Never Forget Liberty Prime
3It's just baitHunger Games Sim is literally not a game in any form or way. Please leave.
6thread is a hunger games drafter in disguise so its not gotten rid of on the spotthe general cant have 48 images posted every hour
6I tend to since I have a fuck-huge backlog and MH4U to bide my time. That and all the splatoon shills and console war shit is getting old. We can't even have Yume Nikki threads without them getting sniped. I miss the 3 A.M. threads.
What? Are you literally smoking a brick of meth? What in gods fuckings name got you to think that was right. Jon isn't Azor Ahai and neither is Dany. Its a fucking myth. a legend. If you believe that BS then get the fuck out of my board.
4It's more video games than most threads on /v/
4Darmok and jalad at tanaga
03 A.M. threadsDon't you mean 4 A.M.?
What does "war never changes..." even mean at this point?
1Most threads right now are about FalloutGood job, you deaf bat. Listen dickwhistler, why would you add to the problem that you think exists? Fuck right off, shitler.
0The definition of the very word, dontcha' know.
1You do bring up a good point though. It's just painfully obvious... whether it's SJW shit, hatred, splatoon shills, or even cod/halo threads for fuck's sake.
Hey look guys, a shitposting thread that isn't OUR kind of shitposting! Let's act like our threads are actually about vidya even though they're not and shit all over them for doing an outdated, unhip thing we used to do!
7Aren't most of those things on here 24/7?
0You're assuming that the person narrating is the player character.Protip: In every fallout the player character never speaks so wtf is this about?
61R.O.B. threads were comfty as fuck.Granted some were repeats, but still.
0That although implementation and era may differ the motivations, consequences and purposes of war have been the same all throughout human history. You're pretty dense aren't you?
/v/ suddenly hates Hunger GamesWhat happened?
game startedpeople still posting hereand here we see the people who came solely to shitpost
5Everyone has hated Hunger Games since it was a rip-off of Battle Royal.
6Yeah, I guess he's like a cool guy veteran character in this one. I get it now.It's still cheesy.
8/v/ suddenly hates Hunger Games Simulatorwhat happened?Battle Royale wasn't very good either
5Nobody here cares about the actual franchise, just the simulator based off of it.
5I don't know man. It used to only be one or two faggots that didn't like these threads.
1Famicom//Fountains is quite good, not sure if he's vaporwave. His/Her album "progman.exe" is great
5It's a random number generator with pictures.If you want to play a RNG then I've got a game for you:1: Go to www.random.org2: Change the limits of the RNG to "0" and "100"3: Click the button 100 times to get 100 randomly generated numbers.4: Count the number of prime numbers that appear5: If there are fewer than 10, kill yourself.
7"War never changes" is the tagline for the Fallout series since its inception, newfag.
5being this mad
5It's not a fucking game whatsoever, you shitheads.It's literally a bunch of still images that are "interacting" and autists eat that shit up.Spongebob has diedLMAO xD SO FUNNILe Anime girls foughtLMAO xD SO SEXICute thing has diedLMAO Dx I'M CRYINThat shit is fucking AWFUL
5class="quote"King Cuck - Lord of /v/
What happened to the magic of season 1?
4implying you've never shit-tripped on /v/ because you have such disdain for your fellow postersYeah, what of it? I got bored with it and retired it a long time ago. Hunger Metagames is still garbage.
3
0No I haven't to be honest.
3Mods are on their periods
3smaller quantities on /vg/
1NAW IMA GOOD POSTER WHO DINDU NUFFIN I WAS GONNA BE A SURGEON OH LAWDSure you didn't.
9Do you have proof he did?
Wait, what are we talking about here?
9memes
3muh proofBack to /r/atheism with you pooparchduke.
9tbh its a discussion about /v/ cultureif you're actually here for the hunger games then see3
this shit's still alive?
7Yes. It's a new game.
1 how many games have i missed
0Wow so edgy and cool...
BANE?
1
0how does the rng deliver so well
4I honestly have no clue either. Can't tell if it's 1 person shitposting over time or a group
Post 48.
0 YouI have no idea whatever you could possibly be insinuating with your accusing language
8Wait, game's not over
8Not yet.
Now post 48.
Old Man Joseph  3
3Joey Joe Joe Jr. Shabadoo
3DIO
3Happy Boromir
3Baby Cakes
fnatic
3Dogi
Alex Kidd
3Austin
Lezard Valeth
3Harkray Raymond
3Final Reimu
3Hades
3Akane
3Clive
3Shenmue 3
3Flame Hyenard
3Ceasar Zeppili
3Sonic 3 Barrel0
3Counter-Terrorist
3not a tripfagWhatever.Patchouli
3Dorito Pope
3Blue armed sonic
3Ronnie
3Aspect Raidou
3Maya Fey
3Micolash
3Julius Belmont
3Waddle Dee
3Toad Man
3Dahlia Hawthorne
3Edge
3Squid
3The claw
3Big Boss
3Baiken
3
3Sniper
3SPONGEBOBU
3Super Nintendo Chalmers
3Terrorist
3Black Science Man
3bomberman
3Roy
3Lucy
3Retoree
3Harry Mason
3Ganon
3Akiha
3Gundham Tanaka
3AiAi
3Iori
3Chester
3Pyro
3Fish sipping soda
3Cutoff
2Cutoff?
4Cutoff I believe
7cutoff at 48 here
1106
0Cutoff here right?
1106Jesus christ. Just make it a rule that you have to reply to the person to get your character in
1Macintosh plus
Brazilians.
0yeah it's there I didn't count sonic barrel because no pic but it links to a pic
73
4Yeah, and it's a bit overused. That was the original point.
5I hpoe he doesn't get killed in second place for an arena event just like the other match that Dayan won
6How can it be overused?
7Granted. He'll die before the second day.
GAME STARTING IN HERE- /vg/105369401
1What are the rules on same picks?
oh no.
6Oh what?
7No.
bump
6overusedsaid once per game
poop
8WHERE THERE'S SMOKE
5DEY BINCH BACK
856i fucking loved youtube poopsskooks brought back that love
Haven't seen a "block out text in video game titles" thread in a while. Let's have one.
I have never touched doom 3 in my life, i have both doom 3 and BFG edition, im unlikely to play through both, which version shall i play lads?
Original
6Brutal Doom, faggot.
Get a buddy and install OpenCoop for Doom 3. Everyone hates it as a singleplayer game anyway.
1Filtered.
6Doom 3 with mods
6Never touch BFG edition anon. It is utter shit. Whoever thought that it was a good idea needs to be dragged out into the street and shot.
BFG edition has fucked up at the sound department, as well as ammo balancing.So please go with the originalalso, widescreen resolution is easily added via text-config tweaking
6he bought BFG edition
So is there like ANYTHING else worth playing on PS4?Got bloodborne, finished the crap 1886 and infamous.Waiting for phantom pain, uncharted 3, next R&C game and FFXVAnd still don't have anything to play while i have a bit money by myself. So is there anything interesting besides those games?
5Do some research moron. Find what you are into
, 
LETS
GO,
Kill OP, for being a giant memespergfaglord redditer
DOGMEAT
FUCK
WITH
DICKS
Do you think that an Open World Zelda game is going to benefit the series or make it worse?
Open world design have ruined many franchises
7It will be good as long as the enemies are actually interesting,which many open world games fail to have. As a side note that girl must really want to /ss/ with young Link based on all those posters.
gamergurlszeldaEverySingleTime
2it's because it's named after a female
The best zelda games were either open world or close to it. The only problem is the worlds are getting huge to the point of making traveling tedious. I'd prefer it if the world size didn't exceed Oblivion's size for example
Anyone actually use this shit? Can you run PC games on it on the go or is it strictly for use inside your house?
Emulators. Quake 123 doom 123. Kotor. Max payne. Crazy taxi on mine. Battery lasts like 9 or 10 hours playing games
Is this collection good, on PS3 and Vita? It emulates like shit so I'm using my PS2 for it at the moment.How about other PS2 collections like Jak or Sly?
7the ratchet, jak, and sly collections are all good on ps3 i'm pretty sure, never noticed any problems while playing them. can't speak for the vita versions of any of them, apart from hearing that jak 2 and 3 run like shit on the vita
4Is the framerate good? I've noticed that the PS2 versions of Ratchet start to stutter pretty badly in widescreen 480p.
0i'm pretty sure they're all solid 60
ratchet & clank runs fine on vita, i have had no issues. its much better then emulating it on my pc anyway.
0Great stuff. Are there any glitches? I heard Deadlocked HD was pretty notorious for being underwhelming.
7I got the collection for vitafucking great but 2 is a bit awkward since you have to use the touchpad to strafe which is fucking lame
9Aww, did they not implement the size matters controls?I found that d-pad strafe and analog walk worked really good for that game.
There's bugs and other weird stuff, nothing gamebreaking but they're there. Stuff like the shop graphics in Ratchet 1 being stretched or in the wrong aspect ratio or something, or the Synthenoid jet sound in 2 playing long after they're all dead.
9the ps3 version doesn't have any glitches that weren't present in the ps2 versionvita version is apparently buggy thoughi don't understand what you mean about deadlocked
7I have the R&C clank for the PS3. Can vouch for it being surprisingly great.
0I see, would you say the PS3 versions are better than the PS2 versions at least?
9they did for 3, you can use the thumbsticks like any other 3rd person game, its weird why it doesnt work for 2
Most annoying thing about the original PS2 PAL version is that it fucks up in 60HZ.Whenever you get to one of those infobots the game just crashes and you get set back a lot.
3Probably, since it's in higher resolution and you have all three games on one disc.
9lots of glitches, mostly all cosmetic.ps3 versions runs well other than that
1Nigger I'm playing the original PAL version right now. I went into the title menu settings, set it to 60Hz, and getting to an infobot didn't crash me.
4your results may vary
4Weird. Maybe it's just my copy to be honest, but I've been playing it recently and every single time an infobot has made it crash.
3I had that problem when my original copy got scratched. Except it happened on every cutscene, not just infobot ones.I've learned my lesson for mistreating game discs, but I have to play it off a HDD now.
so, which mods will you guys purcha$e first?
8The ones that don't exist yet and that I don't know the name of any of
8what? I plan to pirate my mods, just like I will with the game
the horse pussy one
4
4
8I'll download the free ones, if there's a mod I want but the mod maker wants to charge for it, I'll have to decide if it's good enough to justify whatever the price is.
, 
What kind of DLC's do you want for FO4?I hope for a The Pitt sequel. They might also bring us a DLC with Canada as the location due to Boston's close proximity to Canada
3Yeah Canada is very likely
I'd be really excited for no DLC and just have a solid game at release.But that will never happen.
3talking about DLC way before a game is even releasedITT: OP is a raging faggot
3Obsidian story DLC
3I just want to build my own revolutionary communist movementworkers republic of new englandguns for everybodymfw
3I hope to see a chineese dlc or latin american one
3I hope it's The Ronto
2I've never seen anyone complain that bethesda DLC should have been included in the main game.
3thats right everyone. spread your ass cheeks and lube up. quite an enthusiastic herd we have here today
message Steam friend"Hey can you do me a favor real quick?"Steam friend is now Away.
What was the favor?
message Steam friendten seconds laterSteam friend is now offline.
5probably because you're an annoying moochgift a steam friend a cheap game because it was on salehe constantly asks me to buy things for him because "you're loaded, anon!" I'm not delete him after he threw a virtual temper tantrumthis is why you never add people from SFT btw
having steam friendshaving friends
1Hish-tension ERP
be in gameforget i'm logged into the steam chat clientfaggots start messaging me blocking my gameplay pause and quit the messenger so I can continue playingsee him crying about it later on /v/
1Just posting a comment on my profile so I can screencap the inbox notification for a project
5Faggot you weren't even playing a game.
you can bro it up with DD in a jeepHOLYSHITI CAN'T WAIT
Cool.
Will Kojima make a game with George Miller?
2was this from the Xbox magazine?
2Is there anyone on /v/ not excited for this one?
2Fun times with dog.
2Stryker & Soap taking out the IslamsI can't wait either GotY confirmed
2More games need to properly support dog companionsShit is the best
3
2sticks his head out the side and lets his tongue flow in the wind
This will be the best game ever madeBut the monkey's paw declares that it will never have a worthy successor and that MGS is dead forever afterwards
2Big Boss' shrapnel-riddled brain no longer understands RussianSomehow I doubt that's how brain injuries work. Still, super hyped for this. One of the only games of 2015 I'm looking forward to.
0the only buddy that doesn't need to poopI hope we get to see Quiet and Big Boss poop together in the jungle, that would be funny haha
9fecal system technologyKOJIMA DOES IT AGAIN
6they make the most kamikrazy post apocalyptic game togetherI'd kickstart it
0Oh my good lord that oldschool movie character art. Kojima is truly doing everything he ever wanted with this game.
4You know what?That's fine.I'd rather have the series go out with a bang and Kojima ride into the sunset that watch it spend a decade in Konami's hands being milked for every dirty penny on a yearly basis
0108 pieces of shrapnelclass="quote"human teeth among themPaz ;_;
3This image hurts my heart. I feel sorry for Big Boss.
0skullface with that stupid fucking eye maskit's so villain I love it
The plastic boobs furore seems pretty tedious in comparison.What?
3Me, I don't care about MGS at all.
Does anyone agree with me that while Gothic is a great game, the trip to the old mine to gather the minecrawler sekret feels like a chore?Unless of course, you grind beforehand, mastering 1h and getting your str up a couple of points, kick the living shit out of Lares and take his axe with you.
What does /v/ think about this game ?
panzer general is good, but it gets kind of old after a couple of decadesalso, if someone makes a turn-based strategy game with a hex map, the odds are about 1:4 that they've used most of the mechanics from panzer general. again
, 
have to hand my gaming PC into the shop for repairsknow they're going to look through my files and laugh at my pictures and porn and H-gameswhat the fuck do I do /v/
I've been worried about this situation too.IS there any possibility you can repair it yourself or shill out the cash to replace what ever is fucked up?
have to hand my gaming PC into the shop for repairs
Fix it yourself like anyone else here would.
Back it up onto some external storage, unless you're like me and fucked in which case you shouldn't really care since we're past the point of looking back.
6What's wrong with it?
6downloading pornAt least keep it on a flash drive or a secondary disk you can remove when you send it off for repairs.
1Forgot my image.
Use CMD's ren command to change your porn pictures to .dll files, that's what I do.
At least you didn't have the repair guy at geeksquad look at pictures of you trapping. Shit was embarrassing because I KNEW he looked at them because he fucking was talking about fixing it and that when he mentioned having to reinstall some stupid software and move my folders on a external hard drive he had this big smile on his face and told me that I seem like a cool guy.
6Why aren't you fixing it yourself?
Just fix it yourself, worst comes to worst just take a magnet to your HDD.
They're going to laugh at you, OP. They're going to spread all your files around so everyone in your hometown will see and laugh at you. Then they're going to take you in the backroom and take turns slapping you in the dick until you get hard from all the humiliation, but they won't let you cum unless you talk into the camera about how much of a worthless dirty slut you are.You should have just done the repairs yourself, OP
6having to have someone else repair your rigI for one am glad that consoles exist if only so they keep these people off computers.
The most embarrassing thing isn't that they'll see your porn, it's that you're unable to fix your own shit.
6remove hard drives, buy a fresh hard drive and tell them to install windows on it. they will have a windows installation disk.if you have to, give them a cd key you pulled from the net.
3I fapped to your boipussy
1Fuck. There's no escape from that is there? Other than repairing it yourself..
not having Truecrypt container with all your gay ass shitfor what purpose?
6He doesn't keep all his sensitive information encrypted or on an external drive which is encrypted.You only have yourself to blame.
6I work at a computer/tablet/phone repair store. I personally don't ever go through people's stuff, but sometimes my coworkers do if it's a really hot chick or the customer was just an assholeTl;Dr just be nice and don't worry
Just take out your harddrive and tell them you need some stuff on it and you'll use one of your friend's computer to get them.
6Of course there's no escape. They're probably planning on bringing all the female employees in so they can take turns sitting on your face. They're probably going to record that and threaten to show it to your parents unless you do exactly as they say. Before you know it, you'll be dressing like a girl and blowing every guy in the store while they all film and laugh at you right in your face. Then they'll show it to your parents anyway because they know how much you love being humiliated and degraded like that.
9I doubt it.
6Why do you care what other people think? Its not like they are your family or someone that you know.
1Noooo. I'm not gay. I was just born with androgynous looks.
2A 500gb external hard-drive is cheap as fuck nowadays.
Why do you save porn on your computer? Do you not have internet?
I work at a repair shop and I can confirm, we laugh at you and your files.
been working IT for years on a small private college campusHave kept a collection of all the traps who've kept pictures of themselves on their laptopsOne of these days I'll fuck a trap.
9not save porn you likeexpanda and all boorus dieSJW ban all pornloli banned foreverWhat now tough guy?
9This.Anyone who thinks the current free internet will last forever is sadly wrong.
9what's the difference between fapping to porn and just fapping
9Why do you not save porn on your computer? Are you too poor to buy disk space?
6what the fuck do I do /v/Don't care too much about it and just get it over with
3
0I'm not gay either, but...Ash Crimson...I can make some exceptions.
3Where do you live? Will you do 1this to me?
0Noooo. I'm not gay. I was just born with androgynous looks.Anon, I know exactly what you mean.I do the same thing
3I'm not into humiliation. I'd rather tenderly love some boipussy. Also too afraid to admit where I am.8I wish you were a part of my collection.
tfw too scared to trapI have the looks for it but I am worried ill be found out
9Pretty much this. I've been working 2 years in a small repair shop and it was mind boggling how people could shill out 70euro for a simple reinstall 30 for me to copy the documents folder on another partition and again 50 for best anti virus security total complete protection aka Kaspersky without batting an eyelid. And in most cases it where the parents bringing in the "family" computer with an ICQ/MSN folder which their kids used full of stupid shit pictures that stupid teens make. I actually never found any interesting shit in all this time.
they're going to go into My Pictures and find my entire collection of frog pictures and sad cancer patient mans
3Too boyish anon, sorry. I have better girly traps in my folder.
7HEEEEY JOOEEEEEEI REEEMEEEMBEEER
Friend has a problem because her phone is not working properlyI get rid of some useless stuff she hadwhile doing that decide to go check the picsShe has a couple of topless pics.She was ugly as fuck but those tits were amazing, sadly I was doing this in front of her so no time for me to send the pics to my phone
3you are so cute anon
7You've spent a good chunk of your life saving and collecting images of a frog and a bald white guy off the internetYou would probably kill yourself if something ever happened to them despite them being worth literally 0 dollars IRL
8worth literally 0 dollars IRLOnly because you've got none of them rare valuable pepes
82015not collecting pepesfucking normies man
Phone was stolen months agoHad pics of me in a dress on it Still get embarrassed knowing someone's seen them
8he doesn't use his artistic skills to manufacture his own high-end pepes and feels and trade them on onion sites for BTCStep up senpai.
95You see this pic? It's worth nothing. Zero. Nada. Nilch. Only a fool would be so stupid as to pay real, hard-earned cash for something you can get literally for free with just a single click.God, you guys are seriously the worst. No wonder we laugh at you so much.
2Buy girly clothes and post pictures so I can fap to your boipussi. Easy.
8Not using PIN or pattern lockIs like you wanted everyone to see your trap pics
0Jeez, you've no idea what you're doing.When you craft a rare Pepe, you release a small version of it, ideally with a watermark. When someone is interested in saving it, they'll have to pay you a fair price, so they can have the full version.A few years back, you'd get paid in BTC and then you'd save them for when they were 300 dollars worth per coin. tfw i missed the btc trainThis is why you're poor, Anon.
8Here this one is worth quite a pretty penny.I`ll let you have it for free.
Someone pls post pilot cancer-guy trying to break the door to the cabin as smug lizard man crashes the plane
30THEY'RE JUSTFUCKINGIMAGESDO YOU HAVE NO SENSE OF WORTH? DO YOU REALLY VALUE PIXELS ON A SCREEN AS BEING WORTH ACTUAL MONEY BACKED BY GOLD? I BET YOU STILL LIVE WITH MOM BECAUSE YOU HAVE NO CONCEPT ON HOW MONEY WORKS
3tfw I bought BTC at $5 and cashed out at $1200
7Explain how selling pepes is any different from me selling prints of my artwork or drawing muscle girl commissions.
7They're just fucking stamps do you have no sense of worth. They said. tfw became a millionare selling rare stamps tfw about to become a billionare selling rare pepes
7THEY'RE JUST FUCKING IMAGESTHEY'RE JUST FUCKING PAINTINGSahurrdurrVALUE PIXELS ON A SCREENYeah, and games are just a bunch of 0s and 1s, right? Why would anyone ever pay for that?3Fuck you, anon. Just fuck you.
2Holy shit, I am so stealing that.Sorry dawg, its your own damn fault.
7Do you know what a joke is, my autistic friend?
get btfo
Reminder that pepe is a reddit/facebook meme now
6know they're going to look through my files and laugh at my pictures and porn and H-gamesWe don't
5I am not a slut anontoo scared
7I'm already a rare pepe one-percenter, do as you wish anon. I'm basically set for life right now. These frogs elevated me to a quality of life I never thought imaginable.
7Why not? Life's too short to not do whatever feels good.
7Who cares Anon? if people find out they'll just fuck your ass harder, is that a bad thing?
6not keeping your porn and other embarrassing stuff in a external diskYou truly fucked up anon. And you have no one to blame except yourself.
6Are you serious? I genuinely have no idea what is going on.
I used to work at Staples as a computer tech. This fucking fat ugly ass neet came in with his desktop and said it was riddled with viruses. Sure enough it was. It wasn't very hard to find his huge folder full of mlp and furry porn. Me and all my coworkers laughed our asses off. He came back later to pick it up and tried to have some creepy conversation with me. Fucking people man.
9
9I genuinely have no idea what is going on.I'm telling you that my deep web pepe trading/manufacturing is enough to help me meet my basic needs rent, food, electricity, anime figures so for me, giving a way a rare pepe I crafted is like a CEO walking home from wall street and accidentally dropping $20 into the lap of a homeless man.
96You guys are a bad influenceI am being convinced though
3
3They just want to see your ass in panties. And so do I.
I have 10 days to hide all my shit, that's when it's due to go into the shop. Help me out guys.I'm not going to truecrypt it because as soon as they see a notepad file called untitled.txt with a filesize of 2 TB they will probably hand my computer to the police.Do I buy an external HDD? If they see an empty PC they might get suspicious and use data recovery tools to retrieve things which have yet to be overwritten.
0Just put it on an external HDD.they might get suspiciousNo they won't.
0I'm 3Leave your games and normal shit, and just move anything you don't want seen. We won't care once we see your pictures are a bunch of normalfag shit.
0If they see an empty PC they might get suspicious and use data recovery tools to retrieve things which have yet to be overwritten.I really doubt they are going to do this.
0What exactly is the actual problem with your rig? Plus delete all your history passwords being embarrassed about your porn is less shit than your identity theft.
08no porn on pc is ALWAYS suspicious
0If they see an empty PC the worst that is going to happen is they are going to laugh about how you backed up all your porn so they wouldn't see it and then do exactly what you are paying them to do and give back the computer without saying a word.
1What do you suggest then?
6I used to work as a technician at a computer repair store. Yes, we look at your porn and laugh.
0Just move the porn. If you're that bothered save some new porn that is vanilla shit of Asa Akira or Alexis Texas or some shit and leave that on there.
3Leave some regular porn on there and they'll think you're a cool guy.
7Fuck yes
7What's the most disturbing porn you found on someone computer?
0Giving shit to the police is a fucking hassle so no, they wont unless they actually SEE something illegal.
4I found furry scat porn once and was even more disgusted in furries than I already was.
3backup "data" to external drivebring pc to repair shop with wiped out hddit's that simple
0Pleb. Check out my glitched rare mint pepe.
6have to hand my gaming PC into the shop for repairsAbsolutely disgusting and retarded. Every fucking retard that can start up a PC, can also repair it given a bit time. You have jewtube to watch tutorials. You have the Internet to download tools to analyze your shit and replacing the faulty part is probably cheaper than letting other fags do it.
Not having sensitive data on an externalCan't fix your own computer
6the shop?what are you some kind of fag?
0darksouls picturedoesnt into computersit checks out boys
friend comes over while I play FoNV modded with sexout can't engage in combat because enemies would just rape me, can't walk around in cities because NPCs would just rape me, can't start dialogue because he would see all the sex optionsjust fast travel from place to place"um, man, can you close the game? I have to check something on the internet"mfw I have futa dojuni open in my browerser
2How do.you even collect that much h games?You should open up a fucking rental service..You should be more worried about them swapping your processor
4Holy shit, there are some weird fucking people in this world. Few memorable ones though: Weird foreign guy drops off computer, his desktop is a selfie of him licking some girls asshole. Father comes in looking to surprise his son with a new computer, when we go to move the files from the old one he finds all of his sons saved loli and borderline illegal CP shit. Father cried. Guy brings in iMac, has a ton of dickgirls, traps, inflation shit and tentacle saved and has his screen saver go through his pictures. So while working on it I angle the computer away from the front of the shop where the customers can see. Next day I walk in and someone had moved it so it was facing the customers and it was going through all the porn. caught some customers kid peeking over the counter to get a better view lol
Have folder full of gay dragon porn Will always fix my own shit.Feels goodmen
3Oh god how terrifying
1If I leave all my big booty latina shit on the computer but remove the weird JAVs and my H-Games to an external HDD it should be fine right. Personally if they mock my Abella Anderson collection I'd be the one laughing at them for their poor taste, not the other way around.
6hand my gaming PC into the shop
5I'd give you more good latina porn if that was the case.
5I doubt anyone would look Too down on you for JAVs cause its still humans fucking, H-games might be worth moving offor just throw the computer in the trash and buy a ps4 you cuck
2move to a new placetrying to make new friendsone guy is really into Fallout, but is a consolefag"You should play it on PC, you can mod it and do all kinds of crazy shit"later he come over to try it on PC"I'll just watch you play your character"my character is a loli with voice and clothes mods
24Friend comes over"You play Skyrim too?"
2hey anon go third-personuhhh let's play something else
mfw my PC is getting repaired and I forgot to delete all the cuck porn and black-master-white-slave roleplay stuff
24go over to friend's house, he's on his PChe's installing a new gamenotice his / signs are ¥ symbols and all his programs have the option to "Run with Japanese Locale as Administrator"mfw
9tfw I'm that guyIts THAT obvious isn't it? For those who's in the know that is.
7Most people who know, probably won't judge.
7It's like a freemasons ritual handshake or some shit, don't worry about it. If you know about it then it's probably because you do it yourself.
2Fuck you. I want to trap but I'm built like a brick wall and I'm hairy as a chimpanzee. You trap, damnit. You trap for all of us who can't.
, 
Now can we all stop pretending and admit Hatred is a big pile of shit?
We all knew that, we said it on the first day. Only difference is I don't need some fuccboi website telling me what is bad and good like you.
Pile of shit or not, I still got an erection the first time i walked out of the door and heard the screams
tfw entering the military base and getting shredded immediately
So i just picked up STALKER: SoC on GoG. I've never played a STALKER game before and i have no idea what to expect. The closest thing i've played is Metro 2033 on ranger hard. What am i in for?
one of the better fps games out there
0One of the most atmospheric and engaging games ever created. Titles that are kinda rough around the edges, but very rewarding for those who stick with them, none the less. Style-wise they may be a bit similar with METRO, however STALKER games are A LOT more open-ended, even a bit RPG-ish.Consult this Starting Guide,then see the /vg/'s huge Stalker General for more tips and links: /vg/stalkerPlay in the release order. Start with no mods - only latest patch, OR get the full "Starter Pack" first; these contain bug-fixers and light visual mods that can help performance as well.Leave big overhauls for later playthrougs. Avoid the "Complete" -mods. Always play on MASTER difficulty for best realism and atmosphere, and disable crosshair.Don't give up in the beginning! The starting gear sucks ass and first area is quite boring.
Vanilla playthrough first, no mods.Play on Master difficulty. It increases the damage that both you and your enemies deal. On lower difficulties, an unarmoured dude can take 10 rounds to the head and still be standing. You can unload weapons by right-clicking on them in your inventory. Turn the crosshair off.Get out of here, stalker.
0On lower difficulties, an unarmoured dude can take 10 rounds to the head and still be standing.that's exaggerating it a bit, as headshot is pretty much insta-kill for all human foes.But yeah - low difficulty = bullet sponge player AND enemies. Different calibers and ammo-types do have varying results on the victims, depending on where you hit them and what they happen to wear. Pistols are quite shit all around.
you can expect some good as fuck music and atmosphere my friend
JUST MOD MY SHIT UP
4086Wow, thanks for the info guys. I'm sure it will all come in handy!
7Visit /sg/ for more info, rookie.We always help rookies.
almost bought pripyat for 8 bucks but I didn't.SoC was okay. I liked it...I didn't love it.actually I have bought shit from the gog sale yet. I might buy metro if the price is right. otherwise I own most of what I want to own.I did miss the ad&d remakes bundle. I'm replaying bg right now. but I don't need remakes to enjoy.
6I think this should be a good point to mention that you should NOT buy STALKER games anymore. The original developers won't get a single penny from the sales anymore, plus with pirated copies you get the benefit of choosing your patches manually, which helps with certain big mods.SoC was okay. I liked it...I didn't love it.I was kinda like you back in 2007.Then I tried some mods. My life's never been the same again.
britcucks btfo
1buying digital gamesBesides, we're used to getting fucked over compared to United Statians
cuckbtfoOf course someone like you would care about shit games.
1is there a way to buy from russian steam when not in russia?
1pyo
1what are taxes and standard of living adjustment
8Yes. It'll also get your account banned and the game will be unplayable in your region in 9/10 cases.
4oh
8tried buying a game once with russian vpn, steam just refused my credit card with every payment option
1That price for the brsTotally unfair. 249 Reais is more than 1/3 of the minimum wage.
1i rport u huehuehuehuehue
179 kangaroos and 95 platypusesbloody hell
1being a dumb nignog keeping up with premium prices for shitty games
1249,00 BRLWhere were you when the Real was kill?
1Brazil got hit with the trade restriction too, so there's not like there's any danger for them selling off their keys.
8Nohowever you can use a Ukrainian VPN to get like 66% off on everything on GOG
1MEANWHILE ON KINGUIN AND G2A ITS 30 DOLLERINOS
249,00 BRLFuck this shit.I'll emigrate to a non retarded country next year either legally or illegally I just don't fucking care anymore.
3Forgot pick2015 still buying from steam
america not showing sales tax in their pricescucked
1still buying at steamhey, old fart - all cool kids are buying their digital entertainment shit at DRM Uplay,Origin,Zenigame,GFWL etcetc-free area now.Come on, let's teach those triple-A motherfuckers how to publish their game proper.
3this is one of the very few USA's features i actually like, cuz it usually drives a working individual to be a bit more financially-responsible and, basically, how to count.
3flatout 2 was such a good game from what I remember
1Any reason why it's £50 here?
5nigga, they all good inside the list, i mean
1Makes absolutely no sense.Why can't you put the actual price on the fucking label you stupid yanks
fuck you bethesda, I'm gonna pirate the shit out of this game
6it does and you can, if you don't want to make your crowd of loyal plebs think too much
1Bullshit, it's a psychological trick corporations use to make you think something is cheaper than it actually is, and in turn spend more money.But it's okay, because in the USA corporations are people and have feelings and rights too!
2015people still don't know how to pirateIf you are willing to go out of your way to find a VPN or whatever it is you retard do, you're at least smart enough to download a fucking torrent.
pre ordering digital games Ayy fucking luh-maow
6Bullshit, it's a psychological trick corporations use to make you think something is cheaperExactly. And this is exactly what makes your usual yahoo Jack to stop and think of expenses "he-ey, that did cost me a fortune, pal".Millions will think of the hidden cost, hundreds will think of where the fuck those 10-21 % of a public-service fee go.Couple of those will go and do some useful shit with it.You'll understand when you're older. I hope
is bethesda we trust
1russians not getting the cheaper versionactually fucking them over the mostbased gaben
Brazil Holy shit WHYtfw uncle always buys shit with our address to avoid ridiculous costs back in hueland We hold onto a warehouse of shit until he visits to pick it all upAlso Russians seem to have cheap everything. Cheap tech, cheap internet, etc
7with the yesteryear's exchange rate? Sure, but only 3 bucks more expensive. 1999/32= ~$62With the current one?Yeah, don't think so.
8They recheck your region after purchaseoutjewing gaben
mfw poorfags cant afford video games
BREnjoying your gambling I see
4banana republic protectionismyeah, it doesn't have to do anything with the Import fee rates that go from 55% up to 400% of the price.
9Is there any risk for Brazilians to pirate? Sounds pretty sweet if it was the case.
2that picture did something to me
4kinguin ur welcome hue
6riskrisk of what, nigga?is there any place on earth that you can't pirate a goddamn game?
0Are you implying no one has been caught pirating shit?
3Thirld worlders have no concept of "caught pirating" since even governments pirate software tehre.
0Correction:paying full price for digital gamesAlsoUnited Statians
3No, not here in Brazil at least.I simply buy Steam games because they're or used to be cheap than retail.Do people go to jail in USA for pirating?
2I know your pain mano. Baía dos piratas, me aguarde!
6Apparently so. Digital rights is a fucking nightmare.
249 RealJesus Christ Brazil. No wonder your murder rate is so high.
3they only pursue trying to get someone for pirating if they suspect you of doing stuff like downloading child porn or hacking people.
1On the other hand, you get those ridiculous $1 per disc sales at GoodWill or something.
0All video games are considered gambling and have a huge gambling tax I think it's 100% even applied there.
1Gambling is illegal in Hueland though
1PC games are taxed as "PC Software" thus being cheap. Gambling only applies to console games, you fegt
54I'm getting conflicted messages here.
2working to get reals to buy food
2The whole gambling thing is likely a misconception, the government even cracks down on Bingo parlours. There's no reason why they would tax something that's not supposed to exist.
2it is illegal, now you see how retard our country is
1I was surprised, we got GTA V for 100 dilmas, thats less than half what they're asking for with fallout 4
1tfw It will be $00.00 on KAT
So I won't buy it, big deal. I still don't even spend $40 on a game unless it's GOTY.
2Can you only buy one game a year? Are you underage?
Make a wish /v/.I wish Fallout 4
5Granted, but developed by Bethesda.
5I wish EA to become the biggest publisher in the world.
5I wish that Ned Flanders has the monkey paw.
TWEWY SEQUEL
1Granted, but all the IP's they own get sold off to competent development teams.
1Granted, but they will make the same decisions that Nintendo takes
3Granted, but it's an open world RPG reboot, made by Bethesda.
I want all of the dicks
5I wish squidfag threads to stop
I wish that fat threads were allowed on here and didn't get deleted.
0Granted, but they're all flaccid.Go to bed Rado.
i wish fallout4 wasnt made in game bryo and doesnt have clunky shit animations but its too late anyways
Lord of the Rings  Battle for Middle Earth 3 
0Granted, they are all replaced with trap threads that don't get deleted.
0Granted but you get endless Fallout 4 threads now.
0So do I lose? Because I'm fine with this outcome too.
I want a fucking new Metroid game, Idk about the downside just make a new game already
8Im OK with that
I wish that SMT: Devil Summoner was translated into English.
5Granted but it's a sequel to Shadow of Mordor.
5Granted, it's made in Creation Engine :^5Granted, Xbox One exclusive
I wish we got more japanese games that feature giantess content.Least backfire thing I can think.
4Granted, but it's a fan translation which only got halfway through.
5I just wish fun innovative video games
I wish that /v/ would just admit that they're a bunch of gay furries
6He gets it, but the paw is already used up.
8Granted, however they all take place on the world of the giantesses without any regular humans being present.
8Granted, but they're ZX Spectrum exclusive.
8yo thats fine shadow of morder was pretty coolderivative yes but it managed to be a better assassin's creed than actual assassin's creed and the whole nemesis system was actually a pretty cool concept
8Granted, but they'll all have to be published and overseen by EA.
9Granted, but GG comes back
9That makes you a gay furry too.Unless you like that kind of stuff. In that case, you no longer like it.
3the whole nemesis system was actually a pretty cool conceptIt was just an arbitrary gimmick. M&B did it better 10 years ago.
I wish sega would return to making consoles like the genesis and dreamcast
7no longer liking gay furry pornkill me, i can't live like this
i wish for star wars battlefront 3oh wait someone clearly beat me to it
I wish for /vp/ to merge back with /v/
1Granted, they're all android consoles.
I wish I wasn't $600,000 in debt
I wish for everyone's wish that is posted in this thread to come true without consequence.
4Granted, it's also merged with /a/ and /b/.
I wish I was able to save up 2000€ instead of spending my money on stupid shit, I haven't had a computer since august.
4Granted, you're now $1,000,000 in debt.6Granted, but there are consequences.
8Granted, but you lose all means of accesing /v/
8I wish for 50 pages
I wish for a new DooM ;_;
6Granted, but you'll have to work for it and only pay for rent and food while saving.5Granted, one thread per page.
5Granted, threads are deleted on page 2
5I wish die
7You do, but become a sparkling vampire
7Granted, re-incarnated into the same body.
5I want you to fucking kill me
6Granted, but you'll have to work for it and only pay for rent and food while savingIt hurts because it's true.
3I'm in the same boat buddy. We'll make it!
I wish I could get fucked in the ass by big black dicks daily
7Granted, it's made by Telltale
I wish for a Mega Man Battle Network game where you can have your own netnavi
1Granted, but you can't feel them. Jamal won't be happy to hear "are you in yet?". You soon die of triple AIDS.
I wish none of these wishes come true.
3Granted, but its produced by Mojang
5Granted, except your wish comes first
5Granted, instead all the wishes of large publisher CEO's come true without the drawbacks.
4But that's already true.
9No need to thank me. This is, after all, exactly what you wished for.
I wish DLC was kill.
I wish for time control powers
1Granted, but you become a fucking weeaboo trash posting in a cantonese cartoons site
7Granted, it's now already on the disc so you don't have to download it.
I wish I was a woman.
I want a 2d Metroid sequel to Fusion on the wiiu
8Monkey paw is supposed to be a negative result.
I wish that protons and electrons lost their charge.
I don't wish for anything
5Granted, but you're an average british woman
5Wish granted.
3Granted, you can now make time progress at the speed of regular time.
5Rolling. I wish a sequel to Super Mario RPG developed by Squaresoft. That's right, Squaresoft, not Square-Enix.
8Granted, neutrons now have a varying charge.
5Granted, but your afterlife is a recreation of the living world without anime
5Granted but you haunt your house forever.
9That still wrecks the fuck out of the fundamental building blocks of the universe.
8Granted, but neutrons aren't neutral anymore and the universe as we know it has dramatically changed.
7
1Rolling. I wish a sequel to Super Mario RPG developed by Squaresoft. That's right, Squaresoft, not Square-Enix.Granted, I'll even give it to you without consequences, now to wait for that empty office to churn out a game!
69neutronmind
4Granted, I'll even give it to you without consequences;_; Thank you anon, thank you. These are tears of joy.
5I wish video games were no longer a thing
7Granted, but the TV, book, animation and film industry all go to shit.Holy fuck, is this a prophecy?
6The joke was that Squaresoft has no employees, so there won't be anyone to develop it, despite it being greenlit to be made by the company.
5I wish Xenogears got finished and not FF8
I want the newer Pokemon games to be more like Black & White 2.
5I wish for a genie instead of a monkey paw
5I want videogames to not be popular anymore
I wish for a little more BACLAVAAAAAAA
5Granted
I wish Robin Williams wasn't dead ;_;
9Granted, but he swaps lives with Brendan Frasier
9Granted, he will make a sequel to Patch Adams and retire.
I wish for a new Okami game
I wish everyone else's wish to have no negative consequence.
5I wish for a new Ouendan/EBA game.
5Does it come with a free frogurt?
4Granted, modern Capcom will start working on that
0I can't wait to have to pay extra for the final brushstroke!
I wish Monster Hunter 4U on WiiU
1Granted, but underwater comes back
I wish for all the /tv/ memeposters to die in agonising and hilarious ways.
I wish for Zero Escape 3
5Granted, but they will die in a bigger IRL baneposting incident than the plane accident from a few months ago.
5They will, but only after you die so you can't live to see it
I wish for no more heroes 3
5Granted, but /s4s/ makes a videogame megamix a la niconico that houses them here
9Granted, but it is made to be socially acceptable
6[s4s] is a nice board, though.
4It's Nintendo that mimics Sony
I wish I had a girlfriend.
I wish I was a dragon.and there were other dragons around to have sex with
I wish the monkey's paw didn't have ironic twists to the wishes granted by it
5I wish I was born a girl.
5i wish for 20 dollar alien dlc
5Fuck you. If that's so, In behalf of that anon, I want Travis in smash bros.
8You are born a girl In a man's body
8Granted, but now all you think about is being FtM trans.
I wish Ubisoft got creative.
4Granted, but dragons are near extinct and there are only male dragons left.
1Granted, but it is a heavy shulk clone. Any and all references ever possible have been toned down to pokemon mario and sonic levels
I wish Mario Kart 8 had more cool shortcuts like Mario Kart Wii.
9Granted, as DLC
2fantastic
2Goddammit anon
I wish I can see into the future lotto numbers here I come
5GrantedAssasin's Creed x Prince of Persia Crossover
8Granted but you can only see a minute into the future.
8I like it.
8Granted, but time is affected by the multiple choices system, any action you make in the knowledge of a future changes it.In that future you've got a GF
5I wish for king crimson as my stand
9GrantedShe loves Spec Ops: The Line and won't accept that you don't
ITT: Nobody knows how to make a money's paw wish
I wish that all of the wishes posted in this thread, mine included, didn't have any sort of drawback
6Granted, but you have no idea how it works
8neato
5But anon...It just werks
5also you're on the receiving end of GRR's infinite death loop
I wish my dad was still alive
2Granted but he's now super gay and rapes you every night
2Granted, but now he only has one year left to live. Cherish that time anon.
I wish I was 2D.
5I wish for Dungeon Keeper 3I wish for Dragons Dogma to come to PCI wish that Paradox would stop pandering to the grandstrat casuals and remake HoI4 altogether
4Granted but you're now a Canadian cartoon.
2underrated post
3
4Granted, it's Other M HD
1Exactly what I had on mind. Good job anon.
7TOPKEKOPKEK
3
I wish I enjoyed vidya again.I started Bloodborne earlier. Played for about two hours. Don't care for it in the slightest. Beat the Cleric Beast. Beat the second boss. Feeling quite hollow.Is the The Witcher 3 any more satisfying? Bloodborne has great gameplay but it just lacks and real character. I don't care about the lore and it just generally seems quite shallow.
8Granted, you can no longer see present or past
9Granted, but they are now only available on smartphones.
0Granted, but you have leukemia, AIDS and are a jew now
2Shit. I don't want Leukaemia as well.
0Granted, but you can only enjoy games rated 10/10 by IGN. Anything else is unplayable to you.
I just love how the next generation of consoles started off. Everyone is always like LE EA is bad and shit. Now people actually realizing the other game company's are just as bad.
, 
STELLAFAGS BTFO
, 
, 
WHAT COULD IT MEANIf SEGA do release a new console ill buy it regardless, just to send those kikes over at Microsoft and Sony a message.
8It's just a big PR video man. It means nothing. BUT if Sega was going to make any kind of hardware you bet your ass it would just be some kind of Sega smartphone with a dedicated Sega appstore all exclusive to japan.
Yeah, this is just PR fluff, probably for staff events.
I don't care if they burned me in the past, i'd suck sega's jew cock for the next 6 years if they make a NX killer
8It's their 55th anniversary video anon.It's just a montage thing.
dreamcast 2, launching with shenmue 3 pack-in, $199
VR
The last Sega console to be released was an update to the Sega Pico, which hasn't had a release since 2011.
4this, why would sega even make a new console?
id instantly sell my PS4 for a new Sega console
, 
, 
delayed yet again
Thought OP was being a fagCheck their websiteIts trueGOD DAMN IT! DONT ANNOUNCE A FUCKING RELEASE MONTH/DATE UNLESS YOU'RE 100% SURE YOU FUCKING FAGGOTS
fangameInto the trash
More like Mother: Forever amirite
class="quote"Mother 4 is facing significant development challenges. We can’t work fast enough. Despite our best efforts, we can’t complete the game by June.We always prioritize quality over speed. We throw away NPCs. We scrap songs. We redesign the UI until it’s right. We add more content. Work and create, change and edit, toss and delete. Start again. That has been our process and will be until the game is ready.But because of this, we’ve missed every public deadline we’ve set. It’s always a let down, especially for us. More importantly, it’s unfair to all of you. We’d like to change that, effective immediately.Starting now, we won’t set a release date until we’re done. Instead, we’ll update every other week with a behind-the-scenes look at what we’re doing and why we’re doing it. Less secrecy, more transparency. You will receive more updates, and we can continue to work without feeling like we’re cutting corners.The first update comes next Wednesday. It has something to do with this: pic related
6More like Motherfucker.
7Ramping Up ProductionOver the past two years, we’ve been tracking how much time volunteers put into this project. As school ramps up or new jobs begin, productivity plummets. With a rail-thin staff—one developer, five artists and two musicians who are all part-time—things like this sometimes bring us to a halt. We’ve been actively trying to fix this by bringing on more team members.We recently added James, a PhD candidate in English literature who has made the game’s story and script even better. We’ve also added a spriter, Ollie, to help us perfect our maps. But it’s not enough. We need your help. We want you to join the team.If you want to help make Mother 4, email finish.it@mother4game.com with the subject “Let’s finish the game - [desired position]”.You’ll have an impact across the board, from choreographing boss battles to hiding easter eggs. You’ll also get your own staff sprite plus some extra stuff.Here are open positions that we’re looking to fill:
I'd rather wait for a great game than play something unfinished or rushed.
6SPRITERSWe’re looking for pixel artists who are comfortable duplicating and elaborating Brownie Brown’s pixel art style, artists who are big fans of the Mother series you’ve played a few times, just for fun and can create assets from scratch using simple sketches and reference photos.Wondering if you’re a good fit? Do you have good aesthetic sense and a solid grasp of color? Have you made intricate pixel art before? Would you like PM'ing our Slack robot, Starman Deluxe, philosophical questions about your life? If so, we’d love to hear from you! Don’t forget to link or attach your portfolio.DEVELOPERSWant to make a game? OK! Just go ahead and apply. Have experience with C# and Mono? Great! You will need that. Familiar with SFML, FMOD, or GLSL? Also great! Please include portfolios and/or code samples. Starman Deluxe, our Slack bot, welcomes you with open arms.
yfw despite all that hard work and time spent it turns out to be shit
7Yeah, I'm gonna skip this one too!DOHOHOHOHO
0They added an English PhD candidate, so of course it's going to be shit.
, 
Alright, what are some /v/ approved lanyards?
, 
Why arent these games getting current gen sequels? theyre amazing
Nah, I liked them at the time but they've aged like shit.
9Fatal shadows and wrath of heaven still hold up. they have an atmosphere which many game nowadays sorely lack
6bump
5Not him, but they don't hold up. The game play is slow and unresponsive, and the enemies are fucking retarded. To have a game like this nowadays still wouldn't be possible I feel, because I've seen no AI good enough to sell an experience like Tenchu.
One day, maybe...
final bump
I already read one spoiler on here today and it made me upset. Time to go. See you in september. Have a great summer guys.
Snake dies
07Jesus dies.
7No he doesn't. Do you know the story anon? I don't think you do.
0I know that feel. I'm not browsing any /v/ when September rolls around
5I'm afraid it'll be too late by then. Good luck.
bullshots and cgi when they look goodcompletely real and what the game will look like when they look badSo which one is it /v/? If something looks bad in a trailer, can you equally say that something looks good? You can't have it both ways, no one would put a bullshot of something that looks bad.
, 
, 
