, 
open worldrealistic settinggame is made for PC firsthalf-swordingAre you ready for an actually good medieval RPG?
I would still be excited for it, if I wasn't going to die before it came out. I hope it's fun for you, anon.
Looks like they got rid of that shitty qte combat we saw in their old videos
No big ass swords so I can't RP as GutsWhy live?
slicky smooth 24fps
1I too have never played Mountain Blade, OP.
half-swordingYES
5Enjoy your life to the fullest anon, I love you, and god's speed
5Yeah, rip.
supporting games made by goobergaterslol
1calm your tits. its not open world. game will be released in episodes.
9That looks really fucking retarded.In that scenario the plate guy could just bumrush the unarmored guy and hack him to pieces.
achieved with MemeEngine Fucking dropped
1And no black people, 10/10.
9what's this retard doing
3John Walker, is that you?
60you guys are fucking dumb
Already backed it. Waiting for the sword combat to be implemented before installing it again. Looks great so far.
2No, not really.Half swording is fucking retarded, why not just pull out a shortsword at that point or just fucking stab the guy/parry and smack him in the face.
I don't support bigotry.
2no, ur little dance is ratrted. its as bad as aikido guys who wave there hands and all there students fall down from "chee" or some shit
2I know it's a real technique and I like that they put it in but it does look pretty dumb
6That realistic combat is retardedIn that scenario, he should have charged him like my warrior does in WoW, it works for me
0because plate isn't that fucking easy to pierce.you're better off using your sword as a hammer.And halfswording as in shortening your sword is precisely that, you hold it at half length to guide the blade through the eye slit or under the armpit etc.9That's fine, but claiming it isn't practical is retarded.
0why not just pull out a shortswordwhy not just have enother couple kilos on you in combat on top of a full set of plate, padded cloth and mail
7comparing an actual practical military technique that was used as warfare to mysticism
1You realize Mountain Blade is an RPG right? And a good one?That said, while not trying to be like M&B or KC:D, TW3 is fucking fantastic, though made for all platforms.Looking forward to KC:D though, will buy like 5 copies to support the devs.
1No female organism as a protagonistSo... this... is... the... power... of... the... Homosexual... Experience... woah...Gay.
game is made for PChas shitty controller driven menus
0You realize Mountain Blade is an RPG right? And a good one?No, I actually never knew that. Because I played in RPG games and know what's the difference between RPGs and sandbox action games.
3hi nigger
6I have to say, when it comes to facing armor I thought if I had to I could take on an armored opponent while unarmored and use greater agility and speed to get at his weak spots with thrusts. No chance. Aaron knows how to fight in armor and facing him was quite intimidating, even without the wet ground and drizzling rain and restrictions on how much we could step and move in that confined space, I know I could not have gotten a thing in on him. We were using the Albion feder-sword blunts for this and had warmed up with some free play in between takes. I could sense the mass and power of the armor bearing down on me. I couldn't see a single opening or figure out how I could have gotten a single thrust in the right place. Meanwhile, I could see Aaron detecting this and becoming more aggressive with his own thrusts and half-swording strikes. the guy talks about it more in his blog:was what the people behind the documentary wanted and he basically admits that in a real fight, the armoured dude would have just murdered the shit out of him.
7Genres Action role-playing game Well it is, should check your retard privilege m8.
7wikikay.
5No, it's Garret Hunter
Will there be multiplayer?Haven't seen anything about it so far.
7
5please be okay anon. im rooting for you.
5Rest in the snaks of your preference, good anon; at least you could still enjoy the games that exist right now.
theres news on this? YES
1Title: Mount & Blade: WarbandGenre: Action, RPGDeveloper: TaleWorlds Entertainment Publisher: Paradox Interactive Release Date: Mar 31, 2010How about from off their Steam store page which is set up by publisher/dev themselves?inb4 I was just pretending to be retarded
1You're damn right im ready for a good medieval RPGToo bad this isnt oneOh well
3supporting games made by a guy who did 1000 times better games than SJWs can ever hope toFTFY
3sick burn anon.
8So you actually believe leveling is what makes a game an RPG? Let me guess, late 90s kid?
9how to cut your own hands 101.webm
60Isn't the logical thing to do try to tire the guy with the heavy fucking armor out while you're light and can actually move around and run?Not all movements are cool like animes and video games.When you're trying to survive, you don't give a fuck.
0Nice strawman, dumbfuck. Pretty sure I never said that, and nice job comparing M&B to trashy JRPGs that only merit being called RPGs because level systems
erh ma gawd half swording is so cool!So I guess what we know what the new flavor of the month bullshit on /v/ isAnd by the way, as someone who does sword fights all the time with my fencing club, in armor half sword is basicallyIm going to die, might as well act retardedYou have a higher chance just stabbing at weak spots where the armor is non existent like the crotch and dealing damage than you would ever have actually trying to bash someones head in with the hilt. It requires a fucking massive amount of force to actually hurt someone through a helmet. Just because you hit someone in the head with a blunt surface doesnt mean you cave their head in. And I would rather than a hammer to the head with a helmet on than a sword wound any day. tldr half swording is retarded, stabbing people is good.
2And what makes M&B an RPG in your eyes, do tell.
Hello traveler!
0Mountain Blade is great game, but the RPG part isn't especially good.
7It's not about my eyes, the developers, the community, the market at large defines it as an RPG. If you want to sperg out about getting fucking told then take it up with them, retard.
5the developers, the community, the market at large defines it as an RPGSkyrim is universally defined as the best RPG ever made, and?
9Not the guy you are replying to but M&B is an action RPG, get the fuck over it.
9being this anally annihilated about being wrongYou're embarrassing yourself more than is needed.
0Mountain Blade is a pretty terrible RPG, mate. It's a good war/kingdom sim or whatever you want to call it, but it's I'll be damned if it isn't a piss-poor RPG. Fuck, CK2 is a better RPG than Mountain Blade.
When will it be done
This is sort of unrelated, but does anyone know the name of that game/project that was very similar to Kingdom Come which was being done by a Polish I think dev? I remember seeing a few in-editor videos of the dev showing their progress but I can't find them anymore. All the geometry/landscape looked very similar to Kingdom Come. The water looked very murky. There was no gameplay shown to my knowledge. The devs were constantly talking in Polish. Saw it a few years ago.I thought I had saved the videos in youtube, but I guess I didn't.
2swords are too thick to slash through flesh. you can easily swing while holding the blade.
6Somewhere between vodka and potato
0Nice rebuttal, how about answering my question next?3It's about as RPG as Souls games.
3And? M&B and all the Souls games are RPGs
9Yeah, we're done here.
9TW3
3Sorry you cant handle the truth.
3Yeah, we're done here.You shouldn't have acted retarded and made yourself look dumb, that was silly of you
1Yeah, we're done here.
1No. It was an indie dev still looking for funding. I think it was even before the kickstarter era.
4half-swording isn't about stabbing people
2Everyone on /v/ thinks half swording = just using the hilt, it isnt, but thats what I was referring to anywayI know about stabbing while half swording and depending on what you're wearing it can be equally retarded.
2How am I supposed to tell what's going on with those shit graphics? Looks like something from the 15th century lol.
0Actually if you'd want to go with standard definition of the genre as in game that allows you to influence the story in a meaningful way, M&B is more of a RPG than Planescape, except it lacks visible narrative so people think its story doesn't exist.Meanwhile you have huge story about 6 kingdoms clashing with each other, manhunters fighting bandits, traders trading and your PC is in the middle of it all, being just a simple person trying to achieve something in this world.If you grow to power, you will have huge influence over it, but even if you'll, let's say, install mercenaries modor simply use Floris and play as a simple soldier for thousands of days, you'll see the story to change differently each time you do it, wars being won by different sides, different lords betraying their former allies and looking for more luck in a different kingdom etc. etc.
2install mercenaries modor simply use Florisnot doing Diplomacy and being your own kingAnon, pls.
9That realistic combat is retardedAre you joking? Real sword combat was usually done in like 5 seconds and with one blow, this isn't fucking samurai anime.
3It's just an example that you don't really need to be here to make the world to go on its own, non-linear way.
4halfswording like most people talk about it is pretty retarded, it's more of a grappling thing with armored opponents against other armored opponentsanybody thinking halfswording using the pommel as a mace against armor is effective is a retard, it's more about using it as a lever for the thrusts which is why late medieval period swords are thrust oriented instead of cut oriented
1How are you going to tire him out though
4have you seen how heavy armor is? just make him flail his shit with your bait.
5He knows he is in heavy armour, he's not going to do stupid shit that would tire him out.
/v/ thinks it knows more than historians and trained experts on how to use a swordJust because you fags own a anime themed katana doesn't mean you know what you're talking about
I'm not seeing the "good RPG" anywhere OP.Where is it?All I see is a 1v1 fighting game in first person ?. Is this Chivalry?I hope you don't think that RPGs are about stats either faggot.
5It doesn't matter how heavy his armor is, chainmail feels heavier than plate on your body.
2that's when your baiting comes in, a quick step or even a menacing fake strike can cause him to retaliate into nothing.trust me, panic is strong as fuck in the battlefield.
3Why not just use a hammer with a knife on the end then?
2
0no it doesn't, chainmail is significantly lighter than plate armorthe weight depends on the gauge of the rings but it's still a lot lighter than plate
6Fake strikes are easier said than done anon. It's not a video game, you actually have a 6+ kilogram sword in your hand.
86+ kilogram swordstop this meme, most swords weigh around 2-3 pounds
5
86+what? most swords are 3 at BEST, and you are mostly holding it two-handed too. unless you have a shield, then you can just pretend to stab the fucker and block.
0nice rebuttal
6but anon what type of battlefield would consist of only one fully armoured guy and only one unarmoured guy half swording guy. what's stopping me from panicking and fucking up? one mistake and it'd be all over.
9God, that looks so fucking gay.
9welcome to medieval europe mudak. git gud at self-control or die.
1half swordingMUH DIKKU
28Whatever it still exists you fuckwits.Fake swinging a sword will completely ruin your balance, he can charge you by the time you bring the sword back to yourself and start another swing
1Nice, hopefully they implement Mordhau too.
All these fuckers in the thread pretending that not having armor is an advantage over someone who's fully armored. In a real life scenario the best bet for your peasant ass is to get as far away from that metal murder machine as possible.
9The fuck is that....
2Fake swinging a sword will completely ruin your balancefor an obese neckbeard like yourself maybe, but for somebody who's actually physically fit swinging something that only weighs a few pounds around doesn't take that much effort, you also don't put all your force into a swing especially a feint
5have you seen how heavy armor is?Not that heavy at all. You dumb little shit.
2fake swinging isn't a full swing on the guy, it's pretending you will swing so he retaliates somehow, you're not diving deep that shit on the nigger in front of you.it's like i pretend i'll punch you and you either block or try dodging, and the heavy armored guy can't dodge.7say to the barbarians that wrecked rome. they had mails at best.
7It's ok, cause they got a wooden stick.
1Most of those Barbarians worked for Rome as Mercenaries...
10You guys are so god damn stupid. You can't just fake swing a sword. You can't do it, it doesn't work. The only way that shit works is if you're fighting with some fuckoff small dagger.Otherwise the length of the sword will throw off your balance and leave you completely open.
7Le dexterity will ensure my victory! xDI can just roll around at the speed of sound!
7I know you don't think of yourself as a retard with the disgusting arrogance that reeks from your post, but you should consider the fact you might be braindead if you think aikido is waving your hands around and making people fall over with chi.
1Barbarians that wrecked rome because of mailThats how i know you don't know anything
4a shortsword? nope.a longsword? if you're that goddamn weak.a two-hander greatsword? definitely.
1realistic settingalchemy is a skillYeah that's some realism for you.
4You can't just fake swing a sword.
7Grab a long object that weight 2-3 kilos, swing it then stop mid-swing. You'll realise how fucking retarded you are.Long as in longer than your forearm minimum
I remember the dev of this game was wearing a really hilarious shirt in an interview or something.But for the life of me can't remember what it was.
5Are you saying people haven't tried converting various metals to gold over the years?
9Oh wow you're so smart anon
62-3 kilosswordputting all of your effort into swinging ityou don't get it do you?
9Are you fucking retarded?
, 
, 
, 
Since every single thread about this game is just people shitting on Bethesda, let's try to have a decent thread shall we?First of all: inb4 ANYTHING about Bethesda positive or negative this include "lore rape"You don't like Bethesda. We get it. If you want to shitpost, go to the myriad of other FO4 threads, please.I don't even want to see the word "Bethesda"ITT FO4 thoughts, concerns, and hopesAnd because most of you are too stupid to read instructions, here is an example post:"I really like the addition of colors. It adds a lot more to the 50's sci fi feel.I am a little worried about a voiced protag though. Voiced protags often mean linearization of gameplay."Try to provide reasons for your argument anon...Think you all can do all this?
Trusting the makers of FO3Hey, it's your funeral kiddo. Just don't come back here shitposting when the buyers remorse kicks in.
Personally I would love to see a new Fallout Tactics game.
I'm worried they're going to spend way too much time on the gunplay and rush the melee combat among other things. Also I hope they don't fuck with the S.P.E.C.I.A.L system
7This is something I'm a bit worried about as well.It looks to me like there using an engine similar to what Rage used.If true, it could mean that we'll get more of a straight up shooter than an RPG
I just wanna say, whoever came up with the idea of a cave full of fucking children in Fallout 3 needs to be dragged out to the street and shot. Out of any of the stupid fucking things in that game, that's the one that I hate the most.
8I never actually played that one.Heard a lot of bad things about it so I skipped it
1 Fallout 4 ThreadCan you not read?
1Fallout 3 is full of herp-derp full retarded shit from start to end, it just shows how Bethseda had zero respect for either the property or the fanbase. Even Megaton is a massive shit in the face of any old school Fallout fan.
1I just wanna say, whoever came up with the idea of a cave full of fucking children in Fallout 3 needs to be dragged out to the street and shot. Out of any of the stupid fucking things in that game, that's the one that I hate the most.You must hate Beyond Thunderdome.
2Ever thought of a possibility that he liked FO3 and for that reason is looking forward to FO4?
9That's like living through Hiroshima and looking forwards to your first trip to a nuclear power plant.
9Please don't encourage this guy to comment again....He only posted to get a rise out of people
9Old school fallout fans are little bitches, the series was dead, get over it
5The series was dead so it's okay for Bethseda to dig up the corpse and puppet it around for money
9HE SAID THE B WORD
9What the fuck did I tell you in the OP?Follow the instructions dumbass
This has to be the fastest I've ever seen a hype train derail and crash, the FO3 drones can barely even muster the energy to defend this.
9Yes it is. They made something that millions of people enjoy. Nobody gives a fuck about your isometric relics.
I only have three wishes for FO4.1. That it's fun to play.2. That VATS isn't as forced and that it has groin shots.3. That Todd limits his retarded self to only invoking the "rule of cool" three times or less, the first one being those fucking stupid airplane turbines or rockets on the side of the tea party ship in the trailer.Everything that man touches turns to immature, juvenile bullshit.
0If you honestly believe this....There is no help for you
4isometric relics.Yeah gramps! Fuck pixel graphics too! And 60 frames per second, what's the point when you can only see 30! LAN and Offline play you say? Hahah sounds like somebodies ready for the old-folks home!
1YOUR BREAKING THE RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7It's going to be full of retarded shit like 'WACKY' skeleton placement, MEMES and cringe-inducing references.Get used to it.
7Well I will defend the USS Constitution having jets because that's sort of the FO "wacky" humor.I wouldn't be surprised if VATS is even in FO4.It looks like they're using an engine similar to what Rage used.Which was a full-on shooter
BesthesdaI'm looking forward to how they'll fuck this one up too.
Someone please post the ay barber I'll have the Dreamcast please image.Oblivion shitSkyrim shitFallout 3 shitLooking forward to another Bethesda gamekek
5Yeah, fuck pixel graphics, and how is framerate and LAN related?3D is advanced graphics and you want to go back, if anything that's like wanting to go lower from 60fps.
3looking forward to how shitty its going to be and how many mods i can install
1
43What the fuck did I say in the OP?Can you not read?
I'm not worried about a voiced protagonist, really. Witcher 3 is all voiced, with a pretty impressive amount of dialog, and it's plenty open.What I am worried about is if they do the same thing they did with quests in Skyrim, where every questline ends with you being the best guy at the thing, and getting the keys to the castle. Please let some quests end in dark twists of fate, cruel irony, and with me holding the short end of the stick.
8This is being made for CoD kiddies, that won't be happening.
I'm playing through the Fallout games in preparation for pirating Fallout 4. The first two games are fine on their own, but I have to start planning my mods for Fallout 3 and New Vegas. The latter doesn't need as many though. site was helpful as fuck for fixing Fallout 3. Fallout 4 doesn't have enough information for me to really assume anything.Right now Fallout 4 occupies the same space SMT x FE occupies.Trailer is of dubious quality, will reserve judgement.
0noone cares about you fanboy, shut up or go away.
8I refused from doing any of the dark brotherhood and winterhold quests I was a warrior for this reason.Sadly I don't really see what you wished for happening....
Backpack without mods
2I had fun playing fallout 3
0wacky skeleton placementbadCome on man skeletons getting up to all sorts of wacky hijinks is the apex of quality entertainment.
7people actually want a silent protagonistFucking why? That shits so fucking stupid. Hey what's your name? "......." Wow john you say? What a nice name!
195945So much fucking shitposting, so many fucking 16 year olds flooding this board now that school is out. So many people with un-informed stances on things. Fuck this board, kill me.
5You come into my thread and tell me to go away?Wow, you're retarded
8you just can't handle the bantz
8this
BETHESDA SUCKS ASS
8so salty
8You probably got a bit of confusion here.Tactics is one of the best Fallout games, but it unfortunately shares a name with the shittiest game in the series.
869Tenpenny does that, if you're not worried about karma. You convince everyone that adding ghouls into the tower would be good for everyone, and a bunch of residents are actually happy to let them in. Then you find out that the ghouls have butchered everybody, regardless of whether or not they were accepting.That is a quest where your good intentions leave you fucked. If you're a blade of justice in a savage land, you've got no choice but to make rotten hamburger meat out of those fucking ghoul shits and just eat the bad karma.If they do more quests like this, I'll be happy.
So /v/ what do you think about the story?Its going to be a prequel set at the time just after the launch of the nukes
8people don't like my gameYOU'RE ALL STUPID AND 16What a great response, friend. You sure proved them wrong with your great arguments as to the contrary.
4Don't know if you play Metroid, but Other M serves as an extreme example of what can happen when you give a silent character a voiceA voice gives personality, and some people may not like that personality.Definitely takes away some of the immersion, imo
8Just like people who call newfigs, "newfags" are usually newfigs. I am equally certain it is the same about this summer thing
3Pretty sure it takes place long after the war, so much so that Boston has almost completely rebuilt itself as an inhabitable city.
Don't mind me, just taking a shit on bethesda.
4May I remind you that Gordon Freeman is a silent protagonist?
2memebase
7I'm tired of building interiors being zoned.When will this not be the case?
6
7There was a mod for Skyrim that turned the major cities into open world areas instead of zones. It didn't work for interiors, though.
I love almost all the Fallout games, even 3 and Tactics, and I'm excited to play this.
9Oh shit, I forgot about that quest!I got the ghouls into Tenpenny Tower.After they murdered the inhabitants who willingly invited them, I killed everyone in the tower.Now it's just another building filled with corpses
Is there actually anywhere good to talk about video games?/v/ is nothing but a cesspool of shitposting retards and a couple actual normal people who like video games mixed in.Reddit is nothing but a bunch of kiss-asses and some 4chan rejects.
LETS GO PAL
9Is there actually anywhere good to talk about video games?4chan.org/v/
7Well on one hand it is a new gen so this should be the case, like in TW3, but on the other hand... Bethesda
4sorry...the image came to mind so i just did a quick image search
7I think that will be lessened with the new hardware/software of the Xbone and PS4
Lore rape.You can't make me forget OP.STEEL BE WITH YOU
3Don't know if you're being serious, but if you are...God bless your kind soul seriously
9Doesn't happen in The Witcher, no reason it should for Fo4
1as fuck.Consider all the set up they did in fallout 3 for the institute and shit. They even sent Dr. Li to boston in Broken steel. Not to mention Three Dog seems to be involved once again with Galaxy news in fallout 4.Gonna be set after fallout 3 it would seem.If any leak seems to be true at all, it would have to be the Kotaku one.
0not asking you to forget, just to keep quiet about itI always the that STEEL BE WITH YOU was cool
7What doesn't happen?
1Brotherhood of Steel in the east coast only 20 years after the bombs? Fake as fuck.
6I always the that STEEL BE WITH YOU was coolAre you retarded?
469It just breaks immersion you know?Seems like with next gen nowadays they'd have more than enough memory to load up the contents of buildings nearby. Especially considering the graphics in Fallout 4 aren't exactly pushing a new frontier.If they gave me this I'd be more than happy.
1Having to load when entering interiors
"Fallout 3 is a bad game" is a meme now?How did an opinion mutate into a meme?
7Two things may happen with Fallout 4.It'll sell well, and /v/ will hate it.Or, it'll sell horribly and /v/ will love it.
Bethesda are fucking morons.They not only raped lore, but their raped version of the lore was inferior in every possible way. Fallout 3 writing was terrible, mind numbingly so. Without any exaggeration, easily amongst top 10 worst written things I've ever seen/read. It's utter fucking unadulterated shit with zero redeeming qualities. Every written word makes me cringe and every line of dialogue makes me puke.I'm a kind of guy who doesn't really give a fuck what you like or what you're into because I don't have any stupid illusions that something as trivial as taste in media can define a person. However, if you like Fallout 3, I've immediately concluded you can't be particularly intelligent and your sense of humor must be abysmal. Fallout 4 looks pretty judging by the trailer. Colors are pretty and reminiscent of the war of independence and because the game is set in Boston... Well... The plot will be mirroring the war of independence with zero subtlety and Bethesda will try to sell it as a bit of tragic irony, a critique on dem wars that never change brah. Man, this is even deeper than Fallout 3's inane attempts at social commentary. Wouldn't it be cool if there was a scene that "subtly" invokes imagery of the Boston tea party?If you are looking forward to this game a tiniest bit, please murder yourself.Looking forward to various mods that will polish that delicious turd for you? Murder yourself.Have you enjoyed a post-Morrowind Bethesda game a tiniest bit? Murder yourself. Morrowind was kind of crap in the first place, so double murder yourself if you enjoyed it, fuck everyone's collective soft spot for that game.
2NoJust casual
7If the trailer is anything to go by, that might be a thing.
8Right but in TW3 not every house is enterable. Like 90% of the houses in the cities are locked.
3kill yourself memeOh I love these, saved!
8I fucking hate this place, but its the only decent place to talk about vidyaI hope it breaks sales records
5It looks like they're using an engine similar to what Rage used.Which was a full-on shooterYou people really need to learn what a "graphical engine" means. I'm getting some serious vicarious embarrassment shudders here.
8An open world bethesda game has a chance of selling horriblyThat's funny. You're funny. Funny guy.
4Please don't feed the troll...
People are excited about a bethesda game
8No matter how it's received, /v/ will love it once Fallout 5 is released.
3Seek psychiatric help.I pre-ordered it.
0What the fuck did I say in the OP?Can you not fucking read?
1b-b-but muh thread ;_;go away
6no one cares man
9Seek psychiatric help.
0These dumb motherfuckers were excited about the bland shit that is Hatred. Logic has no place here.4Chan: Where sense comes to die.
9See: 6
6EVERY DAY WHEN YOU'RE WALKING DOWN THE STREET
6No one cares retard
0Did I stutter? Do I need to repeat myself, bitch?
I AM EXCITED FOR THIS GAMEFULLY AWARE OF BETHESDA'S INCOMPETENCEFULLY AWARE OF JOSH SAWYER'S SUPERIOR WRITING TALENTSI AM STILL HYPEFUCK YOU /v/ ACTIVISION ANTI-HYPE SHILLSI WILLN O TBUYDESTINY 2
9A lot of them are locked, but my point still stands. If anything, they could have the game stream the information for any houses currently around you, making entering them seamless. Im not a programmer, but come on, its can't be that hard. You can stream this entire game world just fine but...Nope! Not the inside of a house.
20I fucking care, asshole
8you're calling my game shit because you're a shillnope. i would like it if this game was good so i would have a game to play. But people giving incompetent developers money over and over is just retared. especially when someone knows they are incompetent.
8How about you buy neither?
8I can't tell if you are supporting or hating FO4lol
7I dont care how many people say the graphics are shit. I fucking craved fallout 3 and fallout new vegas and it looks like spagehtti. As long as the lore and juicy shoot outs and good story and side auests are there, im happy. Also vats..... need dem vats..... The only graphic error I have seen is the final seen with the unfinished textured protag. But that will be different by release. This is gon b gud
1And you're a literal no one, point still stands you retard.
9 giving incompetent developers money over and over is just retarded. especially when someone knows they are incompetentYou must not play video games then
6See: 4
7I wait and see how they turn out. not pre-order blindly.
6asking if you stuttered in a typed postGo. Away. Fanboy.
6How old are you?
9Obviously I do need to repeat myself:You come into my thread and tell me to go away?Wow, you're retarded
6how u like ur dead thread bro?
6you don't understand how this site works do ya dumb fuck? i bet you're 15
3All that angst coming out now that school is over huh?
Besthesdaits shit. day one pirate.
7I'm worried they're going to spend way too much time on the gunplayI don't think you have to worry about that.
Wow, look at those running animations, they look almost exactly like Oblivion!It's also very cool that they're casually jogging around when a atomic bomb is about to be dropped, very good attention to detail Bethesda!LET'S GET HYPED FOLKS
7I heard they're gonna replace the S.P.E.C.I.A.L. system with C.U.C.K. to better fit their target audience
INB4REMOVE SPECIALSLESS PERKS NO DAMGE THRESHOLD SUPER MUTANS IS STILL A THINGENCLAVE IS STILL A THINGBROTHERHOOD OF STEEL ARE MORALFAGSSPECIAL DIALOG IS ONLY TO SPEECH
7new rivet city could make an appearance if the map is big enough
3tfw the world is literally ending and you go for a light jog
6Don't break the law anon! I already preordered you a copy
6It's america, people can't run there because they're too fat. Except for niggers, but you can clearly see there are none.
9Looking at it, it seems the BoS won't even be in boston.
6Goaway
3Those fucking treesThose fucking texturesBETHESDA DOES IT AGAIN
My only hope for this game is that they learned from New Vegas on how to create Fallout quests ie: multiple ways to complete, not just dialog options.The world they build will be amazing but still probably feel lifeless or dead. If the mod community is left to make free mods it'll be moddable into an amazing game as always.The one thing that really bothers me is that they are taking it into a region with minimal lore. Some of it may be mentioned in the Fallout bible. Also unless they pull stuff from the Fallout Bible like they did with the Isotropic vault in 3 I don't see bethesda doing all that well generating a story. They have plenty of experience with TES lore and still manage to dumb down a lot of it as they progress through the series and haven't show anything in their work, story wise, outside The Pit maybe, that they are willing to put in that effort.It's going to be hit or miss and probably another game thats given a 9/10 or 10/10, win all kinds of GOTY, and disliked for glaring flaws that journalists look over because they were paid to or thinking white knighting Bethesda will get them an inside edge on their parties and releases. The bitterness of the situation leads to hatred and shit talk until one to two years later there are enough mods to make it deserving for 9/10.tl;dr: If you're a console player skip it, no Bethesda game in the history of Bethesda has been deserving of it's hype when played on console. PC players track the mods, wait at least one year for DLC and mods to flesh out the game *then* play it.
2buyers remorse Confirmed for merican poorfag
0Are you fucking serious? Do you ever even leave /v/?Everyone is hyped for this game.Everyone outside of /v/, that is.The only thing that you can say is that people on/v/ told you Bethesda was a big, bad, scary, greedy company and since they're making it, it's doomed and it's the end of video games.Get over yourself. The game has hype, you're being retarded.
3It's for that kind of autism that i love this board
3I can't believe this is a 2015 current gen AAA title by a company that made billions. That's what gaming has become.
1The game has hype because 90% of the people games are marketed to are retarded. If a store offered free Ramen people would get hyped for that too.
1The game has hypeSo does every new CoD and AC game
God damn it, you faggots can't be happy with anything. It's really disheartening.
Let's just shit on Bethesda instead, it's more fun
3The plot will be mirroring the war of independence with zero subtletyfucking this, peasants versus oppressive Brotherhood chapter is my guess
5Acting surprised that Bethesda games have shit textures and animations.Like or hate the game man, but at least be honest with yourself, you didn't expect it to look good.
4hurrr other AAA titles are popular too but suxWhat does this have to do with his response to the post he quoted?
8you happy when getting a plat of shit served to you?
/v/ is just desperate at this point, so much that they have to shit on a game we know nothing about.
8being happy with bethesdaever
8No, because it's not being served to me. It's a choice whether you order a platter of shit or a steak, as it is the difference between buying a game that you don't like versus a game that you do.Quit being entitled.
8Disheartening is people buying into a game based on non-gameplay trailers while completely ignoring the history of the company.
2god that entire area was so badI'm sick of this, ever since fallout 4's announcement people defending bethesda have overrun this fucking boardwe've had loads of good NV threads the last few weeks where nobody mentioned 3 or if someone did they got shit on but now there's a new thing and everyone's drooling over it already just because it's new fallout
6See2All the power Armour we have seen so far has been unmarked. The brotherhood may not have made it to the commonwealth.I wouldn't mind seeing the Midwest BoS chapter show up though.
8I AM EXCITED FOR THIS GAMEFULLY AWARE OF BETHESDA'S INCOMPETENCEFULLY AWARE OF JOSH SAWYER'S SUPERIOR WRITING TALENTSI AM STILL HYPEthisAlso as a yurpoor I'm glad I played Assassin's Creed 3 so I can have some clues about the stuff Fallout 4 will be about
5being hyped for a game we know nothing about is okbut this is wrongWe know that the graphics and animations are horrible and that's all we were shown so far.
5we know its going to look like shit and probably be shit because of bethesda. don't kid yourself kid
9How did an opinion mutate into a meme?autistic crybaby children crying "meme!" at anything they disagree with isn't mutation
5a game we know nothing aboutWe know it has bad animations.Which implies bad everything else, because why would everything else be good and only the animations bad?
[Intelligence] So you're shilling for Bethesda by being a drone?
0The only question then is why?Are you people mentally retarded? Sawyer is not a writer by the way.
5Based on Besthesda's last few games I'm sure it will be good m8
87Fallouts have always looked like shit, nobody who is hype for it is hype for good graphics kiddos
5better that than being hype of a game you know nothing about.
3[Perception] So you're being a faggot by using meaningless buzzwords?
8Then why are there so many people making threads/posts defending the graphics? Don't kid yourself kid
5do you really think they won't put the brotherhood in?bethesda has such a boner for them
gamebryo
8nobody who is hype for it is hype for good graphicsWhat are you hyped for?The gameplay?
7Bethesda
4eurotrash liking fallout
3At least the jogging animation makes some goddamn sense.3 and NV with the slow, sliding run pisses me off. Especially if that guy running is the little shit Bryan Wilks, FUCK OFF I'M NOT INTERESTED IN KILLING ANTS RIGHT NOW.
It'll be fun.But you are retarded if you thought that trailer looked good.
1No but it's still unbelievable. They make so much money, they KNOW they're going to get 10 times the profit, how are they so cheap and lazy. It's mind boggling.
2I hate to say it, but beth games scratch an itch that no other company can seem to scratch.I've played tons of RPGs by dozens of companies, but the Beth ones keep pulling me back.
9[luck] It should have been six million and one
8That is not an excuse for a company able to spend tens of millions of dollars on games to produce shitty results again.Also, if you don't have problems with shitty animations in games you should probably stick to visual novels or walking simulators.
2because I need a new post-apoc sandbox and because as a modder the first months are always a lot of funstay salty my bitter friend :
1One of the biggest companies in the marketHas two of the biggest IPs in the gaming marketSomehow you shouldn't expect good graphics from their games.See, this is way Bethesda gets way with half assed games, they could easily improve their games but won't because peasants will eat any kind of shit they make.
3
3Do you even Witcher 3?
5See, this is why Bethesda gets away *fuck auto-correct
0Don't be delusional, the only threads being made or ridiculing the "graphics"9If it's like the other fallouts yes, and unless they reveal they are removing SPECIAL or perks or something dumb thats all I need to be cautiously hype.7you can't like what you like
BETHESDACUCKLITTLE LAMPLIGHTAAAGRAPHICSLORE RAPESHIT
5I know we'll let modders finish the game then re-approach valve about monetizing the mods so we get even more money.
3the pacing was really wierd, the way it suddenly got all intenseand then there was the "The soldiers were right...war...war never changes"what a retarded fucking line
8Stay mad americuck.
9[Speech, 10%] B-b-buzzword! M-mey meys! Don't you dare disagree with me!
4Beth has had one Fallout game so far, so that's not exactly an accurate assumption.And honestly, yeah. I'm honestly starting to think Fallout 4 won't heavily feature the BoSOr maybe they're the super perfect heroes again. too early to be certain. I can only hope for the best.
7you can't like what you likeYou can but you'd be a retard so don't try to defend your shitty taste.
Fucking faggots, all you wanna do is meme all day and make memes out of unfunny shit about video games.Fucking newfags, kill yourselves
6I know you're thinking you're clever but really you just sounds like a huge fag
9Why don't we wait until we see some more footage before we jump to conclusion why don't we?
2I bet you'd get hyped for Spore 2 if EA started working on it.
tfw you can literally influence anybodies opinion on this board just by posting yours incessantly these are the people you converse with. guarantee at least half have not touched fallout 3.
5What's the point of saying that the game has hype then?
9I hyped my dick into your dads asshole last night you faggot
7Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it
people shitting on little lamplightWhat? It was cool, just a bunch of swearing kids with guns.
9They're not cheap, just incompetent.
0Shitposting on /v/ almost makes me wish for a nuclear winter 4Umad amerguck? XD
1We know it has bad animations.Why do people say this? They look pretty good.
8i think a BoS chapter that's the bad guy would be interestingthe BoS doesn't want tech in the hands of common folk, so there could be thator maybe the boyscout D.C chapter comes to the rescue
Umm aren't' these the same people that made Skyrim? Why should I be hyped at all?
1bethesda fanboys
8If i equate the the thing i hate to shit, i winSimply Epicâ„¢
9I quite liked New Vegas Anon, played it 5 times in fact.
5People can't criticize my precious game!It's not possible!It must be the hivemind, it HAS TO BE!
9bunch of swearing kids with guns.Sounds like most multiplayer fps games
6everything is silly: the mod collectionYou know what else is silly? That a mindset was preserved by a whole society for 120+ years. But hey, that's the premise of fucking Fallout, innit?This mod collection reads more like a whiny nostalgiafag blog entry than an actual worthwhile mod list. Not that it's shit: Capital Wasteland needs more wanamingos and less greyish green, for instance.
7the BoS doesn't want tech in the hands of common folk, so there could be thatI'd love an extremist BoS organization that orchestrates raids on settlers and shit. I don't think I'd want that to be the main plot though; that'd just be fallout 3 again but with differently power armor'd bad guys.
0Dunno how often you frequent any fallout threads or discussions but it always devolves into which fallout was better and it's always the same arguments, always the same opinions, always the same results, and yet it happens every day, without fail. At least now I was thinking that fallout fans would rejoice since we're finally getting a new fallout but everyone on /v/ received the news negatively, like always, since it was made by bogeyman Bethesda oooo how scary.Nobody is forcing you to play it and chances are there will be another game like NV right after so just play NV until then and go to other threads instead of ones where people specifically want to talk about fallout 4.
3I'm not a fan of starting a series at the third game in. That's some dumb shit right there.I'll get around to it after I get the chance to play The Witcher 1 and 2
7Fallout 3 shit cocks, bethesda homo rushed sex bum. Don't start with the lalala's, blaha tells me your wrong. I've been searching for the right time to say this so I will. Piss off with the market bashing and come home to the daddy loving you deserve.
5
9just a bunch of swearing kids with gunsthis is the kind of people playing Fallout games todayWhat do you think would actually happen if a bunch of mutants and slavers were after a bunch of "swearing kids with guns"?
5No real reason. I gave up video games years ago.
2no, they don'tI go into new vegas threads constantly and there's always one jackass baiting about fallout 3, getting shouted at rightfully and the thread carrying on or dying as a matter of course
8Are you saying hivemind doesnt exist? Because it most definitely does. OP only wanted a civil discussion and you cant even do that.
did OP go kill himself?
2Nobody is forcing you to play it and chances are there will be another game like NV right after so just play NV until then and go to other threads instead of ones where people specifically want to talk about fallout 4.Obsidian will never work with Bethesda again, thanks to their horrible practices
9well it was not a Bethesda game, anon.Do you know who were the people behind the development and writing of NV?
2Who gives a shit, it's Fallout. It's just a fucking video game.I'm going to play F4 and have tons of fun, you fucking hapless sons of bitches
lemme tell yah somethin bout the brothahood of steelthere a bunch a fuckin fags
Ethdesba
0Who gives a shit, it's Fallout. It's just a fucking video game.So you are going just for the PEW PEW PEW part of the game and lore means shit to you. I get that but it's the reason why modern games have shitty lore and story.
2no fun allowed
4aww its brutal
1I'm gonna give that line the benefit of the doubt and assume that it makes more sense in context of the game intro.
9None of it made sense other than lending to the fact that everyone in the Capital wasteland was a complete and utter braindead certified retard. Little Lamplight was founded by school kids seeking shelter from the Great WarSends everyone who grows up to big town where they completely forget how to survive and nobody ever thinks about taking the safest place they've even been back for themselves.Somehow the kids replenish their population despite there hardly being any kids in the Capital Wasteland at all. Are little bitches to everyone who comes near them when they should get their shit pushed in like the little fuckers they are.
0It exists but not in the way you're thinking
0Game confirmed locked at 480p. You cucked us yet agian Jewthesda.
4They are reusing animations from a 7 year old game. They are cheap.
2I am playing it for the lore and story, it's why i'm hyped. F3 was great, NV was even better
2True but it was still playing off the framework of 3 which I played a lot as well, not as good mind you but I still enjoyed it.
Fallout 4 announcedIts gonna be great!Bethesda are the devsIts gonna be ok
4I am playing it for the lore and storyWho gives a shit, it's FalloutI don't think you are playing it for the lore and story, I think you are playing it for the name of the series.That or you're retarded.
7Bethesda
6my threadJesus Fucking Christ, you're so out of place here sore thumbs stick out like you.
2They have guns, anything could happen
4Its funny the places you find true wisdom.
0Who gives a shit, it's just a video gameWhy people use this kind of argument?It's like saying ''i've no argument or rebuttal at all but felt the need to reply anyway'', ''who cares, it's just X'' is one of the most lazy cop outs that someone can pull out in a discussion.
tfw there will probably be an "epic" quest about "totally not red sox fans" and "totally not yankees fans" doing some stupid shit with a bunch of referential "humor"You know it's guaranteed.
7Apparently you haven't faced any super mutants.
Bethesda is the first company in the world to have made a full 3d open world rpgand here /v/ cries SKYRIM WITH GUNS SKYRIM WITH GUNS while eating the ass out of Stalker and Deus Ex which are pretty much the same thing
9I have, and I killed them, with guns
5quest involves entering holy templeits a dunkin donuts
7I mean that you shouldn't expect realism, it's just great as it is.9It's a video game so story doesn't have to be amazing, it's good as long as it's fun and cool to play you fucking autistsWhy do you even play video games if you hate them?
3do you know how incredibly easy it is to influence this shitty board?LE FEAR IS BEST SHOOTER EVAR GUYS WOWDARK SOULS 2 IS SO BAD ITS LITERALLY A PLATE OF SHIT LE B TEAMNV IS A MASTERPIECE IT LITERALLY HAS NO ISSUES AT ALL on and on, forever and ever. nobody can think for themselves or carry a discussion.
0People arernt defending bethesda, you're just too much of an obsidian cock sucker to interpret things differently. I know you wanna fit in on /v/ with the hivemind mentality son, but dont take it so seriously.You guys shit up the board with the obnoxious fanboyism and want to find any tiny excuse to shit on games hoping they fail, and then complain that gaming is dead.
4the shitty guns those kids had?Also, don't forget that those kids are not the lone wanderer.
4cool to playWhat the fuck does this mean?
5Probably going to be a city based around those two factions. Two tribes, the Sox Tribe and the Yanks Tribe, battling it out over some forgotten purpose.
5super mutant lurks in not fenway parkwhen you kill it you get a trophy "Green Monster"
9Except fallout is an incredibly silly world filled with all kinds of impossibilities, so worrying about the logistics of "why children cannot support a town" is pretty stupid.
Let's have a Fallout 4 thread without shit posting.Thread is immediately flooded with shit posters. I just hope the S.P.E.C.I.A.L. system isn't fucked like it was in 3 were by the end of the game you could have 10s in every thing and all of your skills were 100. I also want them to bring back the reputation system from NV instead of the stupid karma shit. They probably won't though. 
4Take one of the best written video game franchisesTurn it into "just a video game", which means Serious Sam level of writingNothing wrong about that
5fear was a fantastic shooterdark souls 2 was a huge letdownNew Vegas was better than 3 in every single waySorry bud, not everyone who doesn't see eye to eye with your garbage opinions is part of a hivemind conspiracy
4I mean that you shouldn't expect realism, it's just great as it is.I don't expect realism, I expect something that complies to the lore.
"Get on Skype, anon!"Tox is a secure, decentralized multimedia messenger aimed at replacing Microsoft's proprietary and NSA-ridden Skype. It offers video and audio chat, group messaging, and file sharing, as well as a robust platform that can allow for endless possibilities, including your own personal version of Dropbox.Ekiga formely known as GnomeMeeting is an open source SoftPhone, Video Conferencing and Instant Messenger application over the Internet. It supports HD sound quality and video up to DVD size and quality. It is interoperable with many other standard compliant softwares, hardwares and service providers as it uses both the major telephony standards SIP and H.323.Ring formerly SFLphone is a free distributed multimedia communication software published under the GNU General Public License 3. It is developed by Savoir-faire Linux with the help of a global community of users and contributors. Savoir-faire Linux is a Canadian company specialized in Linux and free software.Mumble is an open source, low-latency, high quality voice chat software primarily intended for use while gaming."We're not downloading those apps lol, just use Skype!"Why are normies so selfish?What does /v/ use to voice chat with their friends?
Autistic /g/ anime shitposter about privacy and freedoms please go back to /g/ and stay there, I'm tired of you using Kyoko for these SHIT threads
friendsI think you're the normie here, kiddo.
Why would I use anything besides skype?
everyone should download the software ONLY I use.I think you're the selfish one here :^
I don't have any friends.
67what is wrong with this child
7I'm actually a little sad that I have to resort to thinking about insulting someone just to make myself betterI'm sick of people making fun of each other for doing this or that when it has no affect on others
voice chatshut the fuck up niggerplay csgostacking with friendslast man standing"ANON BEHIND YOU""THERE THERE""ASIAN MUSIC FULL VOLUME DUDUDUDUUDU"can't hear enemy footstepsstabbed to deathfuck you chink nigger I swear to god you fucking fucker is the reason I will never achieve gold nova you fat piece of shit american cunt
open sourceEnjoy java shitters making your software
There are people who aren't normies posting ITT
2she is an anime
6First Linuxposting, now this shit?
3You should continue using Skype so the NSA can discover your dogfucking habits and try you for animal abuseAnyone else should discontinue using that garbage instantly
3Are the Yurus gay?
friends
2People are rude.Don't listen to them and don't try to be like them.Just bee yourself and be happy.
6No. I do squats though!
3Artist name?
25Fuck off, you should be sad and angry all the time, now that's living
I've got one thing to say:Skype runs like shit. That's a good practical reason to replace it. Tox is getting there, I guess, but not there yet. Add an I2P router, and make sure you don't write anything in Java.
I remember my friends trying to set up a teamspeak, but it just wasn't as good as skype.
6please don't get too big...
doesnt steam have everything but videochat anyway?
Skype sorta sucks but that's what everyone uses so I just deal with it.
5I'm just tired of everyone acting so condescending to each otherI don't have friends but I don't like people who insult those that dowhy can't we all just help each other instead of dragging everyone down
7But anon I am.That's why I gave him that advice, cause I don't want him to be so sad.
6Why are you playing proprietary games anyway?
4Nevermind, saucenao worked.
5Because it's hard to be nice when your life nothing but cold bitter hatred and you're not important.
5maybe you should become an anti bully ranger
0we're playing tux racer together.
5Don't be silly, anon. I don't do animals.4No clue.
1I heard those guys were complete faggots, though.
6I've been working out semi frequently at home for the past 2 years. I've gotten a good size and base going but nothing to really brag about.My cousin is going back to the gym soon and offered to be my personal fitness trainer/workout partner and has been planning all our workout routines and shit. I'm starting next week i'm kind of hyped about it.
3
1You aren't fooling anyone.
4Found it anyway.5Internet bully alert!
4Get the fuck out of here, nerd, or I'll bully you.
3Shitty interface, the NSA records everything you say.
Do you honestly think the government gives a fuck about gay anime shitters enough to listen on their private conversations through Skype? Just download it as well as steam you idiot, nothing will happen to you, NOTHING
1I'm already an anti bully associate on steam but no one takes it seriously
7It's a good thing you did since I never post sources.
0 cause those groups are actually full of sissy white bois looking for a bully
4Thanks doc !
8high CPU usagehigh RAM usageuses your bandwidth to host other people's calls
Mumble is the only way to go.freeopen sourceopus codec up to 128kbpsunlimited number of users for the serveraudio and text encryptionyou can shitpost pictures into the chat
Toshino Kyouko is my daughteru
friend asks me to use Skype or voice chat when we play online vidya togetherfeel like a dick when I say no since I don't like talking and would rather type instead
i downloaded mumble but it was overly complicatedskype is literally clicking call and thats itfuc koff
Who is /nofriends/ here?
3It doesn't respect your freedoms.
3that episodeI didn't want to be reminded of this.
7Learn how to use a basic program you fucktard. Its simple as shit
3R-really?
6Exact same thing happened to me, why do normalfags have to use shitty services, be stubborn in switching, and don't care about privacy Skype being owned by Microsoft is a big concern.3Only have one person on Skype added, haven't talked in like 4 months, would barely count that as a friend, not including him literally no friends.
1I used to use TeamSpeak, Vent, and some other weird shit. The thing I love about mumble, is that it is just high quality, and simple. No heavy CPU or RAM usage for a shitty UI that nobody cares about.7Put in server infoConnectIt makes me sad that people like you are allowed to vote.
I just use Steam chat with a headset.
3no friends for 4 yearsLiterally no one. I don't know how I'm still sane.
4So?
6Why is the toon girl crying?
I-it's not like I wanted to talk to you on Skype or anything b-baka!
0No heavy CPU or RAM usage for a shitty UI that nobody cares about.YES, oh yes. And even you care about DESIGN you can find tons of themes for mumble.
8This is what me and friends do though I'm tempted to get a mumble server so we don't have to setup shit every time
3I got one, but I rarely ever see him so i might as well be a member.
3Yeah, I'm friends with a couple of the admins there, don't ask why.I can guarantee you anyone with an anime avatar there saying they got bullied or that bullies are the worst, are sissy white boys looking to get bullied on steam.100% guaranteed
8The scene in the OP actually made me cry when I saw it.
6Why is Ayano-chan so sexy
Skype is fucking godawful for gaming.Resource hog.
0I think I should change avatar.Why steam is so gay?
7Steam ain't gay, sissy white boys are.
1There are tons of open mumble channels, literally just click Public Internet and you'll be flooded.
0I'm a sissy boy with an anime avatar but I'm legit anti-bullymaybe I should just start my own group
8You asked and he told you. Dont be rude.
0I do not have an anime avatar but I am looking to be someones healbitch
8her time traveling friend came back from the past
3Get one then.Maybe find someone there or on the sparse fagboi threads on /v/?Don't ask me, faggot.1Maybe, prepare for it to be come ironic and ridden with both actual bullies and bully addicted cockwhores though.
1Can I join to your group?
6Me and my friends use Teamspeak
0I'm not conspiring against the government, I think I'll be ok.
1Shut up, faggot. You're too much of a bitch to establish something like that, and you know it.
2I don't want ransoms coming in. Last time we tried public servers we got random 40 yr old guys talking to us about podcasts and kids
GuysSeriously hereGuys, im not fucking aroundI wouldnt fuck you guysMy friends and I use Razer CommsApart from all the Razer bullshit, its the most stable, high quality voice chat software weve come across. And weve tried a lot because we dont want to look like normie faggots, but nothing comes anywhere near close.
3And my response was a mere shrug.I don't see why "respecting one's freedom" is relevant in any way.
1Sounds like you needed to be less of a bitch and either tell that guy to fuck off, or hop to another empty server.
6IMPLYING THE NSA EVEN GIVE AN IOTA OF A FUCK ABOUT YOUHeres a real pro top for ya, if you want to stay off the nsa's radar just act like everyone else. They pull in years worth of audio and text file by the hour.The worst thing you can do is stick out, it's a big red flag to follow your ass.
Used to like vent and hate skype. Then i liked skype and hate vent.Hated the idea of using TS but eventually liked it over skype because if the call leader's connection starts going to shit the quality wont dropHave a friend who uses mumble but i dont want to learn it, plus the ts server we have is like $1 for a year.Besides being able to memepost images, what makes mumble superior to ts?
5You tell me.
70
Would anyone like to be my friend on steam?I just want people to play vidya with ;_;
5Them spying on you in Skype matters to most people. If you dont care then fine but now you know.
7Open source and voice quality
0Put in server infowtf does that even meani just put in random numbersfuck off geek, theres a reason skype is the most used in the world
6LETHO?
Ever since Skype updated again, I can not send images anymore to someone. It's being terrible. It's getting worse with the years and I haven't found an alternative that is as good as msn was. Then to think I have had some issues to be unable to be in some groupchat anymore doesn't ever update due to the need of loading thousands of messages...
6
Great thread, OP. Nice videogames.
5That entire episode hit me right in the feels. I just wasn't expecting it.
6Teamspeak.
My face when I told my friends I will literally refuse to use in game VOIP or Skype, so if they want to talk to me while playing they'll use mumble or not talk to meThey all download mumble
6teamspeak are you stupid?
9I use the ingame chat because i'm not a faggotIm just saying the nsa has better things to do than to follow the ramblings of a weeb while gaming.
7I'm actually interested in what's go good about mumble too.I'm still using vent since I didn't like teamspeak, but I last used that over 10 years ago.Recently tried curse voice and it's absolutely full of bloat.
3I just dislike skype as a software not the NSA spying
tfw too afraid to use mic because of girly voice
0mostMore like paranoid people whose tinfoil hat is strapped on too tight.If you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear.
3I'll make sure its legit7If you want9I would do itbut I don't think much people would join
6You made this thread on /g/ earlier, what do you want?
2tfw people think i'm black because my voice is so deep
1Open source literally means jack shit to me and voice quality in my ts is already good.
What are your favorite video games to play on the PC?
warbandstalkertotal war civemulators
Fapping to shota
9Thank you for replying.
1you are welcome senpai
1That guy looks so familiar.
SPEAKERSPEAKERS
2liam mcpoyle
camp out for six hours to see St Vincent at Lanewayhave to suffer through fucking Dune Rats and Caribou she comes onshe's actually kinda ugly in real lifeWhat a fucking disappointment
6annie will never be this cute again;_;
Roguelikes.There's just so many of them. Free, easy to run, highly replayable. You can struggle to keep your sanity in Infra Arcana, farm in Elona+, get brutally massacred in CLIVAN, and round it all off with scavenging for supplies in Cataclysm to repair your car so you can go back to doing supply runs deep in zombie territory. And that's just the tip of the iceberg.
3recommend a roguelike for a shitter thats never played one
OFFICIAL MUSICIAN WAIFU RANKINGSGOD TIERWataGOOD TIERSt VincentAlice GlassJoanna NewsomMEME TIERLavren OLD HAG TIERBelinda ButcherKim Gordon"I AM NOT A WAIF" TIERGrimes
3 no Liz Harris
, 
What are some good games with 90s anime artstyle?
8looks like some hentai i watched.
lunar I guess
8Urushihara is a fucking god.
4Same Artist that mainly does hentai cover arts. Satoshi Uehara or something like that
6Them fucking doe eyes, the shine, and the nipples, it's glorious.
4True dat. Though Langrisser 2 at least is a pretty cool TRPG, with pretty little in the way of waifufaggotry
Shogo
6Urushihara is a fucking god.disgusting taste
8Ayyyy it's the guy who always draws his women with bushes!
8YU-NOYes it's a VN, but it's pretty good.
1yup, too bad he can't draw feet for shit.But he is imho the abslute best at drawing tits and vagina.
1True that.
1His Chun-Li is the best.
Alundra is pretty okay.Lunar 2 is based, but skip part 1.Hoshigami.Shining Force.Vanguard Bandits is alright. Nothing special.
Corpse Party: Blood Drive is getting localized and there isn't a single Corpse Party thread? What the fuck, /v/?
Who is localizing it?
5XSeed.
Selling a game with incomplete boxartAlso this isn't going to be digital only shit again is it?
2My dick is one with the universe ejaculating endlessly across all time.
2Published by XSEED Games, Corpse Party: Blood Drive will launch this fall in North America exclusively for the PS Vita, both in a limited physical â€œEverafter Editionâ€ release and digitally via PlayStation Store.
2No, we're getting a physical release, all copies come with a OST and artbook. That boxart is a walking spoiler for those who haven't played the first one.
i still havent finished the second game. when does this one take place? or is just another alternate timeline?
, 
Nightly FFXIV thread. What job are you going to get to 60 first in HW?
Dark Knight elezen.
Dragoon main. Taking it to 60, then Paladin. Will probably phantasia to Au Ra on release. Been fucking with the character creator recently.
9When does Heavensward release?
2The 23rd. Early Access starts on the 18th or 19th.
0Duskwight Elezen. You can't forget that.
1Yep, exactly. Dude even kinda looks like a vampire.
8pls remodel the elves they look horrible
1I didn't make the game.Also he looks like a vampire so that's pretty good.
182Are there even any physical differences between Wildwood and Duskwight like the other clans? Because from what I can see they are exactly the same aside from the pre-made character.
Why should I get 15 in all DoH classes before I level Culinary up to 37?
5They're pretty much the same. Just some slightly different color choices.
Expecting healers to dpsFuck right off.
BLM because it's my main, then I'm going to try out AST
8Cross class skills, which makes getting HQ items for leveling much easier
Dragon song answers
8its not vital, especially if you're leveling cul via leve quests and just buying the goods.But having all the DoH at 15 gives you a ton of different cross class abilities, several of which are pretty good. Tricks of the trade is probably the only one i'd call "mandatory" though.
4I like both equally.
9Probably getting PLD to 60 and doing MSQ along with trying out DRK.
4God, that's fucking horrible. Nobuo is really fucking hit or miss when it comes to vocal pieces, always has been throughout the FF series.
I think XIV threads should calm down until Heavensward comes out. I'm noticing the decline in quality because there's nothing to talk about. It's pretty just complaining about bad player experiences most of the time.
4I noticed that shitposters got bored of shitposting too.Rarely see2.5 GCDLately
4But bad player experience are fun to share.
3Just makes you sound like a try hard and and an ego stroking faggot. You know who else complains about players non stop?
trying to consider just working on SCH to 60 or immediately switching to AST
WHMalso Im playing more because my depressions kicking in
Is desynth worth it? I have GSM at 60 something and LTW at 83.
0You don't need to be healing for 20%+ of most fights. Learn to hit other buttons or forever be subpar you shitty scrub.
6Don't take it so seriously dude; they're just some funny stories. It's not some personal attack.
2Hang in there, anon. Recently got off my SSRIs myself.
9I literally only play Dragoon, so i'd say that. Just got Builder of the Realm today, pretty good.
7I shouldn't have to but parties tend to be retarded as hell forcing me to heal 110% of the time.I'd be more than happy to do some DPS if the party was smart enough to give me a moment to do it.
9Botanist
9Gonna play around and MCH and AST, probably fiddle with Dark Knight too.
8You can be in the most fuck-tarded groups ever and you're still going to have gcds for aeros and bios. Don't even *try* to give me that shit.
9that feel when you have to do all those story questsFUCK
9because popping an aero or bio when not being able to use cleric's stance for any amount of time sure helps lemme tell youyeah that victory? totally wouldn't happen without me popping a bio
7You've never raided. Let alone serious raiding if you actually believe this. Git gud you shit eating faggot. T13 savage or get the *FUCK* out.
9WHM is priority with FSH in between dungeons. Hoping I can fish off the side of my gryphon
4telling 95% of the people playing ffxiv to get the fuck outYeah, nah. Go back to your autism. We're having fun.I have literally seen not a single 'hardcore raider' act in any way happy. My God.
4T13 savageoh boy a pointless raid which only exists to be difficult
7I take my pleasure in being superior to you in every way. It brings me to orgasm each night, the very thought that such pathetically shitty people actually exist in this world. Git. Gud.
9Casual detected.
9Probably stick with PLD. But I'm also wondering if I shouldn't try to rush my crafts and gatherers to 60 to try and make some money...I'm sitting on 8 million, and could probably break 10 without trying if I could muster a fuck to give before the xpac.
9You've never played a game you like on the hardest difficulty just to beat it?
4Not really. I don't see the point. I have other games to play.
8Tricks of the Trade: Turns a good quality into 20cp.Careful Synth: 90% progress, 100% Success rate, 0 CP. Higher tier is 120%/100%/0, but it's lvl50 iircWaste not is good as well, 4 turns of half durability use. 5 works as well as 10 even when it's not going, so you can waste a step with this buff up for something else too.
6thanks anonit wouldn't be so bad if I my friends wanted to hang out with me and my ex wasn't trying to stir up drama.I'm going to max out botany and culinarian and feel less empty
4If there was a reward involvedBut there's no reason to do Savage Coil other than to be a smug faggot
3YOU THINK THAT ISN'T WORTH IT?GIT. GUD. YOU CASUAL SHITTER.
3Again, you never played a video game that you really like on the hardest difficulty just to beat it?
9Scholar or White MageAstrologians cards and not being able to style change mid battle are pretty boring so I'm not interested in it anymore
see Sultana chocking to death, Joffrey-styledecide to finish cooking questsAYYY SHE'S ALIVEHow in the fuck did they missed that?
3And people who did anything pre-nerf will still shit on you.
7that was actually the argument against why she wouldn't die before it was revealed that she would.
Just wanted to say I picked this up a few days ago, leveling a cat person gladiator, level 18 right now, and am having a blast.I tanked as DK in WoW, and tanking in this game is way more challenging. Threat is a thing, at least at these lower levels. It's pretty fun to actually have to work at tanking.
7Because they didn't go back and rewrite the scenes with new flags... that would actually change a fair amount of that line...9There are some still holding out that she and the Scions are alive.I think they're foolish... at least she needs to stay dead, or it cheapens a LOT of things...And the Scions need to stay dead for all that fucking "No! I'll hold them! Go on without us!" bullshit...
4stay dead, or it cheapens a LOT of things...I hates people who say this. There is literally no fucking proof that she's dead.
7because no one gives a shit if you leveled to 50 cul this late faggot
want to start gardenneed topsoil and seedsboth cost fucktonk, time to make DoLsthey require BiS to gather shitk, time to make DoHs to make BiS for DoLsthey require BiS to craft BiS for DoLsf u c k t h a t
4Scions are probably alive which is why shitfilia was all oh wait hydaelyn said shit to me I gotta go back
3Tanking is still the easiest role in the game.
4T13 savage isn't even the most difficult, it's t7 savage
4Rule of thumb for characters deaths is if you don't see the body, they're nearly 100% guaranteed to still be alive.Scions are alive, even if we don't see them for a long while. Sultana is dead for sure. Its a shame Minfilia isn't dead and she probably won't die.
3First off, God why does everyone have to pick that haircut. Fucking Christ.Secondly, yeah tanking early on will be rough. Mostly because you've got people doing their dailies. And the beginner dungeons are so easy they don't care to hold back.
4.........stop doing this, nigger
49Indeed. Well, we'll know soon enough. Probably not during the launch storyline, but some patch there-after.8I'll ellipsis if I wanna.
9how long until chief job
2Other than the fact that we watched her writhing in agony from poison and dropping to the floor dead? You pedo lalafel lovers are delusional.
7t7 savagedifficultIs this real life? Who in their right mind *actually* believes this?
4the thing that makes me laugh is in that Ultimate Fight video, Minfilia takes the final pose like she actually did something.spoiler: she didn't
Are these guys bots? There's like four of them here you can't see them in this screenshot their all bunched together and their casting in perfect synchronization. I know Gold Sellers exist, had some when I used to play in NA servers but I didn't think they actually played.
2At least they're self-aware about it
4Scions need to stay dead for all that fucking "No! I'll hold them! Go on without us!" bullshitThey never even got dead in the first place. It just cut to black. I would honestly be surprised if they were all dead. Quite frankly, I don't care.And yes the 'go on ahead without us' was very bullshit. Probably the stupidest shit, but it's pretty common in JRPGs for some dumb reason.
8only the enemy confirmed her death. may have just knocked her out then smuggled her body out
9Are these guys bots?Do you *really* need to ask that? IS THE ANSWER THAT ELUSIVE?
3Gladiator is somewhat easier at low levels.Until you get Rage of Halone, your primary hate combo will be Riot-blade for MP, and Flash for hate.Flash 2-3 times at the start of a fight, once all the mobs are in range, then combo into riot-blade and flash again. Repeat until everything is dead.Halone will give you the option of comboing through it on single targets and rotating to build up hate on each individual, slightly faster than flash would, but this will mainly be for bosses, as Flash will still be fine for mobs.Also, DPS are idiots, and will rarely attack the same mob in pulls without instruction.Warrior is a little more complicated, as they ONLY have TP to burn for hate. Overpower generates a lot, but consumes over a tenth of your TP. And you'll only get half of that back by the time GCD is over. You get roughly 60tp every 3s in combat...So, you'll be relying on your hate combo more, and cycling through the mobs, and hoping your DPS aren't morons. They will be.
9Sounds like bot activity to me. Why isn't there a report function again?
4Everyone who actually raided real savage before echo shitI just realized there's no t13 savage in the 1st place anyway
5The seeds and soil I use cost about 20K gil all together and yield roughly 150K gil worth of cross seeds every yield. It's easy money.
5It's pretty obvious you're going to get backed into a corner by a bad guy and the scions come out of the shadows to save you.Like this is exactly what has to, and is going to happen.Minfilia of course will just step out looking important and not doing anything.
7I played GLD today for the first time and thought I was doing something wrong when a DPS was getting hate, they were in fact attacking an enemy I'm clearly not.
I like Tera Online a lot for its combat, can ff combat compare?
8How dense are you? We literally watched the life drain from her eyes
4There is
6chocobo food?
3If your bard and healers weren't retarded it was still fucking easy. T9 was way worse.That took a hilariously long time for you to figure out.
0I'm actually someone who thinks she did die. I'm just saying its a very common thing. Didn't confirm their death from anyone other than someone you have no reason to trust? possibly alive
5No, there's no aiming.
4Yeah, attacking different enemy once in a while sure is hard.
9Going day by day, waiting to play Machinist, and I hope it's worth the weight.
4Like I said, it's mostly flash spamming.Fast Blade generates about 1.5x the hate of a single flash...
4Yeah, that's probably what's going to happen.Or they'll be even more lame and they're gradually have all the scions save you in different quests.
7t9s only hard because every other mechanic is "Do it right, or start over."
9Yeah, I've been botting since release.
in WoDtanking in str accessoriesdie every boss"what a shit tank report him"mfw
8Mimette gourde seeds.
4And t7 *ISN'T* that? Are you high?
7Bad guy's attack is about to strike yousaved by a y'shtola barriersuddenly a huge fireball explodes in the bad guy's facehail of knivesand then Yda drops from above and punches him backwardsMinfilia takes all the credit
7Thanks for the tips! I've been spamming flash to get aggro, but I'll try to limit it to the 2-3 and repeat it every so often from there.And if I want to be a paladin, what do you recommend? Get gladiator to 30, then do conjurer? Or go higher with gladiator before doing other classes?
1Change to Paladin immediately upon hitting 30. You must have Conjurer at level 15 and Gladiator at 30 to unlock Paladin.
I need to finish the main story. I didn't realise it was required to do expansion stuff.
1doesn't really matter, it'll be easy to meet the level requirements because both required classes have low queue times.Imagine the suffering to unlock SCH when you have to o 30 levels with DPS queues
What's a sward?
As someone who just hit 50 on WAR, are there any youtube videos, or text tutorials on how tanks "properly" pull in 50 dungeons? Usually people want 50 dungeons sped up, or skip specific trash, and I don't know exactly what to do since I haven't done these dungeons a whole lot.
9Mechanist.
7It's sharp piece of metal used as a weapon. Sward and Sheld.
7
7bad guys about to destroy the worldSaved by Y'shtola barriershe then tells you to hurry and collect the cheese and wine to stop the attacksays she can hold the barrier for 8 to 12 hours while you do it
3More often than not you'll get through dungeons without needing a guide, but if you want one, there's guides for each specific dungeon.
Absolutely nothing because I'm quitting in the next few days.Boy I sure regret preordering so long ago.
3Beast within - spin to win!Hatchet + overpower spam - it's all the same shit.
4t7... t7... that's the lamia... It's been nerfed, and the petrify is no longer permanent.But, people can die, and fuck up positioning a little, and it's still possible to recover and win.Same with Avatar and t8.But t9 is just party wipe after party wipe.Meteors too close? WipeGolems too close? WipeGolems eat too many meteors? Hard but possible Wipe.DPS check takes too long? WipeOut of position for heavensfall? DeadCan't purge the chains? Dead.Hit by the same element twice? DeadNot everyone grouped up on the termeonic beam? DeathsAnd here come the divebombs.
1Once you hit Paladin or Warrior, you get your tank stance, which drastically ups your Hate generation and has some other benefit with a drawback. PLD gets 25% mitigation, WAR gets 20% extra health and healing, both lose 20% of their damage output.
8We're talking about t7 in its prime, not echo shit you dumb cunt.
48I'm not really looking for a WAR guide, more of a specific dungeon pulling guide, or a speedrun guide or something. Sometimes people in DF want to quickly run through dungeons and avoid everything possible, and I don't know how many packs are safe to pick up, and such facts like this.
7I think paladin takes until level 35 to get their shield oath stance, actually.
1There's no optimization guide to fucking 5 mans. Go in and kill shit.
1pull a bunch of mobsspam flash and overpowerhave a BLM and another BLM or BRDthere you gospeedrunning guide
1How many packs you can get depends on both your gear and the healers. If both of you are i130 you can pull everything up to the blocked paths in all 3 dungeons.
2Ah, right. you get sword oath first, which is a big bag of fucking nothing.
2Shield Oath is 40, sword is 30.
If you play this game, you are a gay man.
1YOU DON'T LIKE FREE POTENCY BRO? IT'S FREE! FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
1Sword OathClose to doubles your auto-attack outputFucking nothingSure.
5If you're on Lamia I'm starting up again. I would love some free stuff.
4Only if your dps are simultaneously not shit. Otherwise your cds run out before they die.
1you get sword oath first, which is a big bag of fucking nothing.I don't know why people bitch so much about this.You don't actually need Shield oath to be able to hold hate for any pre 40 dungeons.
0which is kind of useless for when you get it.having a tanking stance at 30 like Warrior getting Defiance is more appreciated.
0You don't need a *tank* for any pre-40 dungeons, but that doesn't mean it ain't nice to fucking have one.
8Meteors too close? WipeI know people will say "Muh guides" but if someone wanted to do this without them when it was first out how are they supposed to know where to place meteors without wiping? I'm all for trial and error but for stuff like this, it just lowers player morale. You might argue that one player screw up = instant death makes people work harder but in this game it does the opposite. Not even blaming the community this time, it's how this game's designed.
9Scholar.
7but that doesn't mean it ain't nice to fucking have one. It's fucking nice to have Sword Oath first then because Mobs die fucking faster.
0Auto-attack hits for 100, sword oath adds 60-70.GCD skills hit for 300-600 under shield oath.8Hard to say without showing... we've had the easiest time putting them on the spokes of the big design on the floor, and halfway between them.Things can get hectic during the second meteors leading up to second golems though.
8If you don't have down syndrome you pretty quickly pick up on the fact that the best way to place meteors consistently apart from eachother is around the edge of the circle - because that's very obviously where you have the most room to space them.
3Shield oath lets healers ignore you more, which means they dps more, which is more damage than sword oath. Checkmate atheists.
Dragoon, followed by Machinist.
Hey guys, i just started playing FF a few days ago, my friend dragged me into it, right now im level 25 conjurer, i'm hoping to get to max before the expansion hits, are there any tips for a newbie like me? Also should i throw in a dmg spell during dungeons and whatnot if i feel i can do a little bit of dps before the tank needs healing or should i just try and save my mana as much as possible
3Just what we need, more shitty DRGs!
0Auto-attack hits for 100, sword oath adds 60-70.GCD skills hit for 300-600 under shield oath.What are you even fucking talk about.5One regen from WHM will last you through the pull in pre40 dungeon, which you ironically said so yourself that doesn't need any tank.Don't even get me start on SCH
2That joke isn't even applicable anymore. Certainly won't be in HW when the Animation lock is even smaller than it is.
7Something that's gonna stand in your way is the expectation of having Swiftcast from Thaumaturge/Blackmage. Think it's mid-late twenties.
I think they're foolish... at least she needs to stay dead, or it cheapens a LOT of things...That's never stopped Square before.
7If you can dps without people dying then FUCKING DO IT. Use mouse-over macros for healing, it simplifies things. Later when mana is actually a thing you won't be dps'ing much that's the scholar's job but whenever you can do so and not oom you should be doing it.
7Hit 30, then take Arcanist to 15 so you can start your White Mage quest.Eventually you'll want Thaumaturge to 26 for Swiftcast which is a mandatory cross-class skill for any caster for lvl50 content.
7That is a part of learning, you can dps if you feel that you 1 don't need to heal and 2 won't need the mana.
2If you don't have down syndromeI read a guide I'm totally an expert :^ it's easy on your first go anon, trust meGood one retard, sure showed me. How are you supposed to know where to place them? How are you supposed to know how far apart they can be? How are you supposed to know if the red ones can be close and same with the yellow ones. Keep in mind I'm talking about when it trial was new on your first go as soon as the trial starts, no guides at all.
9Go.Auto attack a monster to death.Autoattack damage is literally fucking nothing.
7Do your daily low level roulette which should be easy as hell since you'll get in right away as a healer. Also look up stuff in your challenge log because it'll give you some decent xp each week. Even if you don't make it the devs said pre-50 main story quests will start to give double the xp at some point as well as provide more/better gear. That could come with 3.0 which is just two weeks away but I don't know if there's been any confirmation.
9imagine when they said they were adjusting animation locks, it meant they were making them longer
3Daily reminder that if you don't wear one of the 3 variations of DRG AF gear as glamour you are not fit for being a Dragoon.
7Just stick with the story quests and you should reach 50 in no time. Do the daily roulette, since that's worth a good chunk of additional XP. In low level dungeons, the extra damage isn't important, but you also won't really have to worry about running out of mana unless you overheal
8People are talking about savage, where nothing was nerfed, and will never be nerfed.
9Eos can't keep a tank topped off on some pulls and bosses alone, while the tank would last through the pull without even a single psycic or adlo if the tank had shield instead of sword. And you only don't need a tank in some shit because you can kite cheese and cc - nobody with a tank actually does that. Checkmate cunt.
2parroting a 13 year old stereotypeFinal Fantasy XI was a long time ago.
7ends up keeping the animation lock as-is and instead makes every jump give a flat-out invincibility buff for 3s also makes you ignore knockbacks
9That joke isn't even applicable anymoreExcept it is. DRG is the hardest melee class to not suck dick at, and the majority of players *already* suck dick. So when they play DRG they're sucking *3* dicks. SIMULTANEOUSLY.
WHM because I'm an healer cuck
3And like that no other dps would be taken
A newbie question:When I examine people, in the top left corner there is a little message thing with dots that, when you hover over it, has a little message that says like 'armorsmith' or some other info. How do I set one of those up?
3Autoattack damage is literally fucking nothing.Look at this fucking shitter an laugh
3drg is hardest meleewhen monk existsAlright man, you keep dreaming that you're some elite hardcore dps.
7How are you supposed to know where to place them?THINK ABOUT THE MECHANIC FOR 10 SECONDS AND LOOK AT THE FUCKING MAP. Holy *SHIT*, do you need your hand to be held through *EVERYTHING* you casual cunt? The *OBVIOUSNESS* that you've never been up against uncleared content is *HILARIOUS*. Git gud you shit fucking faggot fucker.
6It's the truest stereotype in the game tiny-book nigger.
6It wouldn't change shit because you'd be a hell of a scrub to hold onto your jump CDs.
0GCD skills hit for 300-600 under shield oath.And that GCD would hit for 400-800 under Sword Oath.What's your point?
0What if I want to be a Temple Knight?
7And by doing so you could completely and utterly ignore entire mechanics. Christ you are dumb.
How are you supposed to deal with adds on a summonerruin + pet is very little dps and it takes awhile to set up all your dots
0Nice quads
7Give him a break, he probably never read the Shield Oath tooltip.
0There are shitters in every class. I could make the exact same claim about Paladins, Warriors, Ninjas, Black Mages, Bards, et cetera.
2MNK is the easiest melee. you keep dreaming that you're some elite hardcore dpsThe hilarious part is *I AM*. I main MNK and have been farming t13 for months, and scob before that. MNK is the fucking easiest of all the melees *hands down*.
8He also think auto attack damage is 'literally' nothing.How can MNK players read that and say nothing?
3It kinda annoys me how apparently every Dragoon wields Gae Bolg. Apparently they mass product legendary spears now.
6New Tri-Disaster
1DRGs have a higher skill curve. Shit players will be shit NO MATTER WHAT they play, but they'll do *even worse* on DRG.
3Press O, right click your name, select 'edit search info'.
I just had to tank for a double topaz carbuncle party. I have never been this close to killing another human being as I am right now.
6implying MNK is easier than NINI will admit it's a lot easier to go into autopilot, but not having any positionals makes NIN a cakewalk. This is coming from someone who's also been farming T13 for months and has cleared all of savage coil.
0Why the fuck are you mad? Who takes damage in lowbie dungeons is *irrelevant*.
0You just ignore and let the Carbuncles die if both ACNs refuse to change to Emerald.
0DPS are retarded.Doesn't get any better no matter what level you are.
ACN shitter detected.
7Didn't you hear? They found a whole warehouse full of them. They're worthless.
2Positionals are brainless. I literally just zone out when I'm playing MNK. NIN is easy but at least they weave shit. Regardless DRG is the hardest of the 3.
0Would you rather have 2 Emerald Carbuncles on Sic?I know I don't.
0The knockback on EmCar isn't that bad because the adds will come back to me eventually. Unless it fucks up the BLM or something.
2
I pre-ordered Heavensward on PSN, but I didn't get an early access code, just the theme. Are they sending them out later, or?
5Thank you!
3You are most welcome. Hope you're enjoying the game and I wish you luck in your adventures.
1Positionals are brainless until the fight starts make you plan your positioning ahead of time. Classes aren't hard in this game; fights are. Compare being able to hit Nael from the front at full damage as a NIN to having to time running behind her to get off positionals inbetween lightnings and making sure you're stacking for fire.I dunno, I do have a harder time pulling high numbers with NIN, but that's only because I've maybe spent a 30th of the time on NIN as I have on MNK. When I was learning MNK it was not that easy. Regardless I'm looking forward to being able to manage chakra stacks along with it; I'm hoping it'll make the class interesting to me again. I haven't leveled DRG so I can't comment.
I'm downloading the demo now. What job class do I want if I don't want to deal with the global cooldown?
tfw mini cactpot hasn't had a 123 row for over a week
2Positionals are brainless until the fight starts make you plan your positioning ahead of timeI pull 455-480 on t13 and I can assure you I don't consciously plan positionals at all. It's literally just muscle memory - MNK is *THE* autopilot job.
so FF XIV it's like wow? with 10-25 man raids and dungeons of 5 people? when you need to be in a core and shit?s
7MNK if you wanna go fast. Or BLM since they've got cast times during the GCD anyways, and they're going to be getting a shitton of Spell Speed.Seriously though, there's plenty of abilities that aren't on the GCD that you need to keep track of for most classes, the first 30 levels are boring as shit but after that when you start getting most of your abilities, you don't even notice it.
9It's literally just muscle memoryWhich you get from a lot of practice. You could say the same about any job.
2DRG is quite a bit of fun at 50 but was probably the worst of the three melee to level.
switch to flames for achievementsgo into frontlines12 blackmages8 healersso this is why they always win at pvp
4Light parties are 4 people.Full parties are 8 people.Full raids are three alliances, each full party, for a combined total of 24 people.Beyond that, mechanically the game is not unlike most other tab-targeting MMOs, WoW included.
2was probably the worst of the three melee to level.That's MNK.
9I hope that's before echo in i120.
2Sometimes I wonder if I am the only one who actually enjoyed leveling a Lancer.
1Eh not really, you get ~5 of your abilities you should be using by like level 26. As opposed to DRG that's literally just Impulse Drive until you get Heavy Thrust.
1DRG has you spamming impulse drive after heavy thrust for the first half of all your levels. At least with MNK you got some semblance of a rotation early-ish on and got to use positionals in dungeons.
2DRG isn't muscle memory. BRD is utterly brainless even without ever having played the damn job. MNK takes 20 minutes to master.MNK is the easiest melee. NIN is barely harder but it is. DRG is significantly harder than both.SMN is brainless easy. BLM is brainless easy but with more room for being actually good at it. BRD is teletubby tier. WHM is harder than everything except WAR and DRG. PLD is brainless. WAR isn't brainless but it's not hard. DRG isn't brainless but it's not hard. SCH is easier than WHM but still harder than the brainless dps classes. MNK is brainless easy. NIN is brainless easy.
Is Heavensward making an effort to fix PVP?
1That wouldn't be possible. You could never be targeted by a mechanic the whole fight and you couldn't pull those numbers in i120.
1Not in any mechanical way. They're adding seasonal rankings with special items/titles to Wolves Den at some point and a new frontlines map a month after launch.
Was planning on getting WHM then SCH to 60 first but Astro looks really sweet so I'll probably level that first.Also show me your UI, niggers.
65And as MNK youLost GL every others mobNo stunBarely any GCD to useone Dots is too long to be of any use on overworld mobYou also need to factor in that leveling went beyond 30.
7What's so different between the Melee jobs? They all do the same thingKeep [Damage Increasing Buff] upKeep DoTs upBlow damage cooldowns whenever you can get the full duration out of it or when needed for a DPS checkDodge the orange circlesThe only real difference is that MNK has to shuffle sideways back and forth along the boss's ass as they go through their rotation, NIN has to mash a bunch of buttons in the span of one GCD every once in a while, and DRG has to not get themselves killed with their own Jumps.
1And what the fuck are you smoking about echo? Fcob doesn't have echo.
3It does.
3Where have you been?
5I dunno, I leveled MNK first and I never had an issue with it. Just do the main story, daily roulettes, and any FATEs you run across while doing other quests and it should be smooth sailing.
0Careful about boasting the damage meter, it breaks ToS :
7I didn't say it's hard. But compared to other melee job then it's the worst by far. Most of your GCD also do minimum damage.Also I level LNC before Impulse Drive buff so I tsill have to use 2 step combo.
4Their abilities and cooldowns. DRG uses way more abilities off GCD and some of their abilities movement lock you. Fight movement will change which abilities you want to use in what order next based on a much longer ability chain priority than MNK or NIN, which means you have way more room to fuck up on your choices mid-combat and lose damage. MNK is literally just AFK-hit-buttons. Don't get me wrong - I *enjoy* MNK - I wouldn't main it if I didn't. But to pretend it's *in any way* not the easiest melee class is absurd.
Why does bard always get the best armor?The only other decent new AF gear is monks
04I afk auto-pilot in fcob, and my group stopped running shortly before last patch. Is there really fucking echo?
0Don't look at my shame
7Yes, 15%. It's just like when they added SCoB to the DF and added echo a few weeks later.
7Yes, first they put in 10% echo when it went on to DF.Then they increase it to 15% for some fucking reason.
2MNK can do 430 at i110 i115 weapon in T13. That can give you some perspective.
0Why don't you post some proof then?
34Why? Fcob was way easier than scob to begin with. I fucking pugged it occasionally with the 1-less-chest thing.
Is it worth to play on ps4?
0NA servers
0On a fucking dummy maybe. There are significant periods in t13 where there's *nothing to hit* or you're forced to pull off the boss for megaflare or the stupid wave shit things that drop the shit beneath you that I can't remember the name of..
6New Tri-Disaster will inflict Bio, Bio II and Miasma at once at the cost of an aetherflow.You get new AoE attacks during Dreadwyrm trance like Deathflare akh morn and Painflare
9
3implying the new Dragoon set isn't the hottest shit
8No. Stay away from my game controller scum.
0Well Lucrezia did use a double MNK setup for that.
Do you still gotta pay a subscription for this game? Only thing stopping me from playing since im so poor
9Lucrezia vidBecause average player or even the better one are as good as them right?
4SMN got the best out of them all.
8Sure, it's pretty close to the PC version.It's the PS3 version that's pretty crappy. Playing with a controller also feels pretty good, don't listen to this faggot.2
4it's literally the old dragoon set with water wings so the retards dont drown when they jump in the water
4Square still charges a sub fee for fucking FFXI.FFXIV is never going F2P.
3Getting to bootshine every time is cheesey.
3Mine was done without a double MNK setup, here you go. MNK/BLM/DRG/BRD since that was cut off.
5There is stun, you fucknut.
1so that means i need to get into a core and have a schedule for the raids? that sucks
5414 isn't good.
9I have to get realm reborn first so im going to see how it works.2You can use mouse and keyboard with ps4
5At i110, i115 weapon no echo? That's 60 over the Lucrezia BLM.
8It's literally the old dragoon set, except for the helmet, pauldrons, back spikes, gauntlets, greaves, and motherfucking tailTell me, what's it like being completely blind? I suppose the colour is the same, I'll give you that much.
0So long as we don't get more controller shitters. Hardly anyone is good with a controller. Hardly anyone is good to begin with, but controller shitters are generally even worse.
2Did they confirm if the weapons they're wielding in the exhibitions are the new relics?I like some but dislike others.BRD's being a huge harp instead of a collapsible one is pretty neat.
8I've never done t13 in shit gear. I don't know what would possess you to do that. Or why I should believe you were wearing it. I had what was basically a perfect run in BiS where I ended at 488. In t9 during content I was pulling like 370-390.
7I thought they were doing relic armor instead of relic weapons.
8Depends who's playing it's impossible to be bad with a controller since it's that user friendly. Stop talking out your ass. Pro tip, stop basing it on your own experience using a controller. Probably didn't know how to use LT/RT simultaneously with the face buttons, how did you fuck that up, anon?
1AF2 Artifact 2 is the new armor they're sporting in exhibitions. Relic 2's are going to be a thing but they didn't confirm if the weapons they're using are Relic 2.The only other confirmed thing is that the new jobs don't get Relic 1's. not sure if they get AF1 though.
1not sure if they get AF1 though.They won't.
0stop basing it on your own experience using a controllerStop making dumbass presumptions about some guy you don't know who's never used a controller to play the game. If everyone I've ever played with who uses a controller is shit I'm gonna have a bias. Git gud or get over it faggot.
9Git gudI'm already good with a controller and keyboard. Unlike some retard who can't adapt to both.Retard
8the only reason I play this game is that it works pretty well with a controller, oh and Tera is boring
0every pad player is a shitter.
5Unlike some guy who refuses to play with a sub-par mmo device. Git gud you shit faggot. Come back when you're among the first people to clear content. I'll wait. Meanwhile I'll call you a shit fucking faggot fucker because you're a casual shitter scrub who fucks up everything he does in the game to the point where he spends most of his time crafting because he's so fucking bad nobody will play with him. Kek. Stay yolo you jelly mad assfaggot. 840 stoke it.
0REPORTED RIGHT NOW!!!Good bye Elia Simmons!
8Did you follow any of the conversation line? It's all about doing t13 with all pre-FCOB/Poetics gear, not BiS.Not breaking 500 in BiS
0not wearing Onion Knight gearpleb
5You can't break 500 over the whole fight. You physically can't. I'm BiS except for the relic claws - fuck that stupid shitty grind quest.
1Don't be a bully.
I'm super interested in Machinist but I'm probably gonna get my monk up to speed first
how hyped are you guys for WAR's new dps stance? I can't wait to rub it in all the PLD's faces
4not the Tactics Ogre setstep up, son
9What're you even saying anymore
0Why? It's just going to be no damage reduction and no extra enmity version of Defiance.Did you enjoy getting no NEW attack at all and only getting defensive oGCDs shit?
9You sound like some guy in my FC that tried to argue against controllers and couldn't clear T13 while a static that's only PS4 in the FC could
2reported.
0I'm saying you're shit and controllers are shit. Which is why you go well together - double-shit.
6I cleared t9 early during content. I cleared t13 early during content. Controllers are sub-par. If you can make controllers work, grats, but don't pretend the majority of the controller playerbase isn't complete and utter dogshit.
Shame there's no way to make the touchpad on PS4 act as a camera control for quick scanning around instead of fucking with your general analog sensitivity.
4What in the fuck are you smoking? Every single class is capable of breaking 500 continuous, and they've been doing it for almost half a year.
5Are you implying that majority of KB/M isn't utter dogshit?
Has anyone stack crit i130 gears on DRG? Is it good? I wanted to try it out but fuck farming for DRG gears since I already have ironwork which are considered BiS?
0
I'm Mr. Meeseeks look at me! I'll help you with any content in Final Fantasy XIV.
3Wouldn't crit be less effective on DRG since they have a skill that already gives them a guaranteed crit? I'd imagine DET would be better but I don't know shit about DRG.
9Did you even watch the job action trailer? Theres a new attack that uses abadon stacks. And clearly the dps stance will give some kind of attack boost. Also PLD's finally getting an alternate combo means you won't be such useless pieces of shit as offtanks now, congrats
3Only the poetic chest, pants and boots are BiS.
0
6They're dogshit too, but even they're less dogshit than your average controller shitter.4Who said anything about other classes you autistic faggot fucker? I do t13 with a DRG, a BLM, a BRD, no str pots, and we stack mid for last phase megaflare. I don't get cover in last phase. I consistently pull above 470. Go fuck yourself you shitter.
0reported too
I stopped playing one level before cap. I kinda wanna go back and play just for expansion.
0good move buddy. i reported her too
0I can't wait to watch from the sidelines this time as all your shitty classes turn in to one fucking mess and no CC is needed
people using they are new as an excuse for dying in titan exYOU LITERALLY DONT STAND IN THE SHIT THATS THE ENTIRE FIGHT THATS EVERY FUCKING FIGHT EVER MADE JESUS CHRIST
1There's a MNK in both of those links doing 520-530?
7You're going to have to play through all the content you've missed except ex primal/coil/24 mans before you can set foot in the expansion.
9I'm currently lvl 25 do i have chance of finishing the story before HW?
1I thought it was kinda obvious that I meant those part.Also Ironwork bracelet is BiS.
4Really? that doesn't sound too fun.
9With cheese shit. I used to do that in WoW too - you set up for records.
9I completed the relevant parts of ARR and it was mediocre, why should i be hype for Heavensward?
5Theres a new attack that uses abadon stacksWhich are Deliv version of IB and SS that will most likely remove the healing and defense buff and enmity from Steel Cyclone and will probably get extra potency.Still don't see what's the big deal.
0death to this dmg meter cancer! meta gaming is destroying mmorpgs!
7Oh i misread your post.You're a mooncat aren't you?
2Maybe you should do fun parts instead of relevant ones?
1I know players that consistently broke 500 pre-echo in PF groups when it went off lockout. They were using cover on holmgangs and stacking in the center. I'm sorry?
3Cool story bro. Tell me more.
6Lalafell Please don't be hatin'.
7Fun parts like?
0tempory ban incoming!
1Can you the Dragoons in my party not die to TitanHard?
First time playing this. What can I expect?
Great atmosphere
7hard earned fun, depending on mods
cheeki and/or breekis
anxiety
6Links to any essential mods?
How does it compare to fallout 3?
1whatever the latest Stalker complete pack is nowThat's it. Make sure you play on stalker difficulty.
7First time playing this.up the difficulty mode, or you're going to have a bad time - especially in the initial hours, where the game is at its hardestthe lower the difficulty, the more your health is boosted - and enemies' health as well
1Completely different games.
4I'm on stalker, is that enough?
7Engaging and atmospheric PC exclusives.consult this rookie guide and see the Stalker general on vg for more information.
3You are making yourself a big disservice. Everything dies faster on higher difficulties, including player.You can change the difficulty any time in options.
8i thought complete was for shitters
7Why dont you fucking play it.
10 inches confirmed
I saw the photo of it. He is indeed huge
7he's talking about his arm
Really Thick
Thread of the year op.truly fantastic
only 10 inches
9Did you see the pic of it? Its very suckable
i like these threads
7Amazing video game discussion anon!
4No, please post it.
4Don't leave us hanging, anon
4Go for it mane
00
6Holy shit, that's 10 inches?I've been packing a big one all these years and didnt know it.
6nice
6KEK
210 inches by a tape measurethat's 10 inches?!
6Hahahahaha holy shit this can't be real4chan
2Yeah, I always thought I was small porn and finally took the plung and measured it.Damn porn and their porn angles
6its is real actually he posted it to twitter but removed it shortly after
4I've never actually measured my dick dude, but mine's about that length. Not as thick though.
3Thickness is what really matters. and it looks like mikes is a thick one :p
I love you /v/
6
6Kinda looks like a corn dogProps to whoever circumcised that
2GB DDR52GBAre they fucking serious?
Obviously the power of Linux reduces the need for RAM which Windows eats up to run all the shit it runs behind the scenes.
Alienware
6this.Linux isnt a bloated pile of shit that needs all the ram to work
6a web browser, a modern game and some basic programs like steam/skype/media player/etc. all running concurrently still uses well over 2GB of RAM. the OS doesn't really change that
683It's VRAM, I think
, 
With Fallout 4 being announced, I'm currently downloading Fallout 1 and 2 to play them for the first time. I've never really been a western rpg fan but I think this is a great place to start. Anyway what other wrpg classics should I play? Is Fallout good enough that someone new to the genre will like it? If it helps I have played a lot of old school jrpgs.
7TOP KEKswitch to fallout 3 and fallout nv. Don't bother with that garbage :^
7Playing the first 2Why bother?Fallout 4 isn't canon, it's a Bethesday game that's basically a sequel to Fallout 3 also not canon
7Arcanum. One of the few good steampunk games around no, seriously, it's good and made by the same guys.
FO 1+2 are great.If you're looking for the basic basics, you can get a bundle of Baldur's Gate 1+2, Neverwinter, ToEE, Planescape: Torment, and more for dirt cheap in physical copies. Probably just as cheap on GOG or anywhere else that sells them.Venturing out into different evolutions of the genre is a little more difficult. You could go down the path of FPWRPGs, like The Elder Scrolls skip "Arena" unless you're devoted to the progression of the series - it radically changes in Daggerfall. Side games are worth looking into too or King's Field Westaboo fantasy, among others.Or you could play through the evolution of the TPS/Third Person adventure. So basically look up the backlog of ancient Bioware titles and System Shock, Deus Ex, etc. That should be enough, right?
7I fucking love Starcraft
8how deluded are you?you can have your own personal headcanon if you want, but insisting FO3 and FO4 aren't canon is just delusion and displays a childlike denial of the situation.
3sounds like a fuckton of hours too. Anyway I'll probably start with the really basic ones, I've seen and heard great things of all those games.
78He has a point. Bethesda owns the license to create the games, and in the technical sense, it absolutely is canon.But to say that FO3, NV, and 4 are directly linked to 1+2 in a proper way is foolish. A company bought the license and continued it in the way they wanted, regardless of the IP's originators' intentions for the series. Saying that it is canon in the same way that 1+2 are canon is like saying that Crash of the Titans is canon. Which is not incorrect. But the people who created Crash Bandicoot didn't make Crash of the Titans.
7Non Naughty Dog Crash Bandicoot
7Have fun anon. Don't forget to read the announcments, tooltips and things. Not everything will be so obvious
I'd never played a real CRPG before Fallout and I still enjoyed it. You just have to get used to the interface.FO1 can be breezed through in a couple hours if you know what you're doing. FO2 is when Interplay really hit their stride.Charisma and Luck are really fucking powerful, don't underestimate them
Make sure to get the High Resolution patch, anon.
7Planescape: Torment is considered by many to be one of best RPGs ever, combat is meh but atmosphere and story are really original and interesting. Then there is Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura, with imho even better story than P:T and definitely better gameplay.You should also try Morrowind, the best of TES series, with mods it could looks pretty decent.
FO2 was my very first PC WRPG a decade back. They are damn great games, and not that hard to get into.compared to the modern console games, the sheer number of features and options may be a but overwhelming.
7they are good there is a mod you might want that lets you play in hi ressome other shit to play planescape tormentarcanumbaldurs gateicewind daleneverwinter nightsi guess divinity OS and pillars of eternity are probably good to start with aswell since they are newthere are so many old classics outside the inifinity and aurora engine games though though
7Despite what /v/ wants to to think, and even with all their hipster power mustered to convince you otherwise, Fallout 1 and 2 and slow, clunky and aged as fuck games that you're better off not playing. Read on the lore, start with 3 and don't subject yourself to that.Now witness as denial kicks in, I get quoted with a thousand epic may may pictures relating to fishing and tons of hipsters get mad at the truth.
9Here is your reply.
5See what I mean?
Damnit /v/, I need some really cool Beat 'em up music.

Who /waiting for more Japan imports/ here?Discuss your recent finds and post the same fucking pics of your shitty collection you've posted in every thread so far!
Why waste your time, effort and gas when you can just order them online? Even paying a scalper is better than driving around each day a store gets a shipment, or better than waiting in line for 5-6 hours to MAYBE get the amiibo you want.
who /gave up and just going to get the cards/ here
Got the Splatoon ones today at a Gamestop.
My Lucina and Robin came in today. Robin's card backing was all mangled but I plan on opening it so it's no big deal. I want to open Lucina too but at the same time I'm worried I should keep her sealed in case I need to trade her for ZSS who is my Smash main. I'm also trying to find the Splatoon three-pack for a decent price. I don't want to pay scalpers.
Why don't you just buy them on Amazon? They have all of them there.
I think this whole Amiibo thing has made me into a awful personbe in line to get Robin and Lucina Amiibotalking with this cute girl in the linewe talk about games, and how much she wanted a jigglypuff amiibopretty much having a good timesaw the last two Robin and Lucina were all brought by the first person in line.felt mad aboutAlready have two jigglypuff amiibo coming in the mail, didn't care and brought the last one in front of this girl's faceI never look back
/v/ pretending to buy amiibo for their daughter/nieceguy at target/walmart knows you're just some 25 year old manchild buying it for yourself
6amiibo cards
7Amiibo didn't make you into an awful person. You already were one. This just made you realize it.
the only amiibo I wanted out of Wave 4 was Pac Man
MegaMan up for retail
6Mine got in Shulk, Toad, and Pac-man, but not Splatoon.I already have the rest, I just need those inklings.
0See8
88thanks for posting
Be AustralianLiterately most of the Amiibos released are warming shelvesPlenty of FE characters and other rare AmiiboOnly two that aren't common or available at all Mega Man or Little MacIf you ever make your way down here, you'll seriously find them so easy. If I could be bothered, I'd scalp them for international customers.
All I wanted was Meta Knight.I didn't find a Meta Knight.
4That's a shame, in Australia he's quite common.Seriously, if you know anyone in Australia work something out with them. Most Amiibos are easy to find here.
work at best buywe got 8 meta knight amiibos in todaysteady stream of neckbeards and children walking in to buy themme and some other employees buy 1 eachnow i have a strong urge to blow money on more amiibosi dont even want meta knight...pic related
7In Clapistan, he's exclusive to fucking Best Buy. Fuck Best Buy.
0what stupid ass website is that?
9Well, if you browse any forums or have any good Australian vidya friends, work something out with them. If you weren't a stranger on 4chan and payed me a decent amount extra for my troubles, I'd pick one up for you now.
1...ebay
3If you could be bothered? What would it take to make you bothered? When you say you would scalp, what prices are we talking about here?
0post the same fucking pics of your shitty collection you've posted in every thread so far!I want to, and I would. But my camera is still on the way.2-Day free Prime shipping somehow turned into 6 days of "carrier processing"Fucking Amazon!
2Well for it to be worth it, I'd have to make a profit and I don't really want to rip off actual fans. I'd hate to take advantage of people that really want something like that. Plus, postage would probably be too expensive for most people and it'd turn people off.If these weren't only available in store online stores for the two major retailers have them as sold out, but they're plentiful in store, I'd suggest using a proxy delivery service.
3I'd scalp them for international customers.Do it.Freedombux converts nicely to kangarooKoins ATM. Trans-pacific shipping isn't even that expensive if the buyer isn't in a rush
Rate my collection
6I gave up but I'm not going for the cards.I'm not gonna bother with any more Amiibo unless Smash gets a DLC character I actually want. And given that Nintendo STILL hasn't figured out these supply levels are unacceptable, all the DLC characters will also be bullshit rare.
How did you guys train your amiibo?give it balanced stats as much as I canstart up my Toon Link amiibogive it perfect shieldgive it exploding shieldgive it healing shieldprepare my untouched amiibo for a con like anime expo and play friendlies at the con until you reach 50your opponents face when they face your fully leveled massive dick of an amiiboIf you don't want shit tier level 50 amiibo, then do this.
3Explosive shieldYou are worse than Hitler. Perfect shielding was already too good.
0Meta Knight isn't sold at Gamestop you dumb coon
only amiibo i wanted was shulk and only because i want a shulk figure
4Well I mean they buy/sell used exclusives like gold mario, but 0 is a retard
0Nice try friend
1Yeah, nothing can beat my dick of a Shulk because of those goddamn shields.
4Stupid like a butt
What did you guys name your amiibo?give brother my old Link amiibo he has an unopened onehe's a massive GoTfag so I named Link Jon Snowerased the memoriesbro boots up the Link amiibo0 everythingno custom moveshis face whenyouknownothingjonsnow.mkv
Only have 6 amiiboThey're characters I actually like or like to play as Samus, Kirby, Meta Knight, Mega Man, Pac-Man, NessAt Toys R Us at the new wave releaseCould have easily bought a Greninja or even two who may become more difficult to findDidn't because Greninja is my least favoriteSlightly regretting it nowIs this what I'm becoming? I'm about to start buying amiibos I don't even want because of their collectability. I may even buy both Dark Pit and Palutena. And I hate them.
16/10I laughed.
9It's a slippery slope. Before you realize it, you'll be checking Amazon Germany so you can import rare ones.
9If it makes you feel any better, I bought Rosalina so I could hit her with a sledge hammer then burn her in my fireplace, and will do the same with Palutena when she is released.So there are weirder impulses/reasoning out there for buying amiibos of characters you hate.
7Wait, that was you?! You piece of shit neckbeard.
1Thats the only reason toddlers have to leave the basement.
tfw now have an extra Ness
GOt a Shulk Yesterday along with D3Today, was gonna pickup my instore CHarizardSomeone else posted their SHulk, and when I told them grats, they said that they rather trade him for MarthAlready have Shulk, but offered my Marth for him anywaysGot him, as well as Charizard todayI feel like he might be better for me to score Lucario, Rosalina or Lucina with in the long run than Marth will be since Marth's being reprinted everywhere, while every GS's getting just oneI feel like I'm so close!
New amiibo merch on amiami!GO GO GO!
ordered my first Amiibo, which was Mega Man, since Gamestop restocked themthe next day the whole big news came outHeh.
Wait has D3 been rereleased?
3You're a dick anon
How bad is the amiibo thing actually? From what I understand it's total assrape by nintendo with tons of DLCs locked behind them and sometimes completely inacessible because of how scarce they are. Is it true?
3merchfucking kill yourself
so where the fuck is the Falco amiibo
2Amiibos usually do extremely minor shit. You aren't missing anything by not having them. The value to me comes from owning a figure of your favorite character.
33 silver mario
2Basically this7
2tons of DLCCurrently the only important stuff locked behind amiibos are the FE characters in codename STEAM, amiibo party in mp10, and maybe splatoon gear though it doesnt even unlock best gear in that game. Everything else is mostly cosmetic stuff.And yeah the availability of the damn things are terrible, I haven't even gotten my Dedede amiibo I preordered in december from gamestop.
2/v/ makes it sound like amiibos are these macdonald toys that lock half a game behind them, which is bullshit. They're pretty decent figures for the price point, and like the other anon said only unlock cosmetic shit most of the time. The biggest things they do unlock would be Fire Emblem ones that have characters for STEAM and If, but those don't affect the story and they're really just fanservice shit for in battle. Splatoon has challenge missions, which are just doing the single player mode again with a handicap, and you unlock nice looking gear that is already outpaced by what you've bought already when you get it most likely.Scarcity is the only real problem.
27Mostly minor, except Yarn Yoshi has co-op locked behind it. And that would be the tipping point for me, except that Yarn Yoshi amiibo is so fucking cute.
Alright you fags, redpill me on Chibi-Robo. I've waited an eternity for the day I could finally buy a figure of him, but then I realized that I'm at the mercy of the autism surrounding Amiibos. Will I be able to get the figure for a normal price, or will it be the prime target of every scalper on earth?
3Yarn Yoshi has co-op locked behind itW-what?I ignored all those yarn yoshis up until this news, I'm fucked aren't I?
3It doesn't have coop locked behind it, scanning the yarn yoshi amiibo just acts as a double cherry.
3It's not co-op. It's basically the Double Cherry from 3D World. You get a second Yoshi that helps out but I don't know if it just copies your moves or it's AI controlled. Co-op is in the game with or without amiibo.
30Is that so? Well now I don't feel as bad for pre-ordering moon yoshis.
4It's hard to say. It's in August, right? By then Nintendo may have gotten it's shit straight and made a good amount of supply to meet demand. In that case you shouldn't have to worry. Though scalpers will definitely still be all over this shit in August even if Nintendo wises up by that point. 4Any Yoshi amiibo does the same thing for Wooly World. Smash, SMB, Yarn, all the same functions.
4I usually get 2, but I was gonna cancel the B&H order. Of course it shipped when I was trying to cancel...
4You'll be fine, he comes with the game so it'll be around 30-50 compared to the others, so he won't be so heavily scalped
7I'm fucked aren't I?Super fucked.
4From what I understand the only way to get the amiibo would be to buy it bundled with the game. At this point in terms of scalping, it depends on who's willing to spend the extra $$ just to scalp the figure for probably around the same price since no one seems interested in the game itself.
626That's good to hear, thanks anons.Shame the game had to be a platformer, but oh well.
The more and more time goes on the more and more I'm obsessed with those fucking cute Yarn Yoshi amiibos. I need them ASAP.
Nintendo amplifies production so that everyone who has bought a game with amibo capability is able to buy one first-hand easily from a storefront, and scalpers are left with a profit margin that crashes to zero.Why hasn't this happened yet? It seems like it would have sold several times more units if they had done this months ago.
0The only place where the restocks have actually met the demand is Japan, and autistic Americans only want NA boxes for their new-in-box collection, so mad $$ can still be made. Ike and Marth and Meta Knight are getting small American restocks, but they're getting grabbed up by scalpers in hoards so the situation isn't better.
0because bnerrgfsfsrfeseassedsdaarrdgerrsfgfgg please understand.
Someone told me I shouldn't open my Silver Mario, is it really that rare?
2Coming probably next year. But...Falco hasn't been good since Melee. His kick deflector just makes mush out of one-on-one's with Snake/Metaknight/Sonic/Mega Man, etc. Past that, he's powerless.Why would you want a Falco?Star Fox fan?
6There are plenty of those Splatoon packs in a store here. Aus amiibo craze has pretty much died.
Probably gonna have to use these babies to trade for Zero Suit and Palutena
1It had a huge, huge stock, but it wasn't exclusive like Golden Mario. It may not be restocked.
Waiting for a Play Asia Ness to come then maybe Lucas whenever it gets announced, no more after that.
no mr game & watch amiibo
8Both Palutena and ZSS will be worth more. You wasted your money, faggot.
1Worth more than Ness? Doubtful.Also at the very least I can sell em
god my Pit amiibo is such a faggot nigger, doesn't help that I made his ass pink
3yetThey're not going to ignore him. His announcement at E3 along with Da Cunt, ROB, and Falco.
4I named mine Phuckboi
7not trading the Jigglypuff for a handjobloser
0America is a huge market than Japan. So I can understand why it'd take longer for them to properly meet demand here than do in Japan. They're already in the process of restocking amiibos that sold out last week. But the situation is fucked up in America even when they do restock. It's not a lot of them, and they don't have an announcement for it. NoJ lets people know who's getting restocked, when it's going to happen. NoA doesn't say shit and it's usually up to retail employees to leak information for anyone to know. Really NoA should just announce that they're going to restock each wave as they go. A huge restock of everyone from Wave 1, then a few months later wave 2, etc.
I pre-ordered a Marth re-run a few months ago, and play-asia tried to charge me for it last night. Now it has a little "sold" icon next to it. Should I be excited?
A box arrives! It contains kids. Now I guess I need to go and buy that game.
1Play-AsiaI hope the price point was worth it anon. I'm going to try to get a restock from amazon.co.jp or someplace else.
4My Lucina is fucking impossible to beat at lvl 41, I'm going to throw that cumdumpster in the fucking overtfw playing 2v2 with my other amiibos and she fucking toasts our asses
33How much do these gay little dolls cost? Like $10 or something? And you queers are buying ~50 of them total? So you're dropping $500+ on stupid little plastic dolls? Don't you have anything better to spend your money on?
1I don't have anything better to spend my money on.
0Who /waiting for more Japan imports/ here?Me. I have Fox, Jiggly, and Greninja on their way across the big pacific blue. Only $6 shipping per amiibo, which isn't bad at about $12 per amiibo.
1I can't ever get over the irony of people on /v/ trying to be judgmental on what people buy.
4your silence doesn't inspire confidence, amiibots.
4Don't ever get your hopes up until you have the fucking thing. That is the Golden Amiibo Rule
I just want the fucking Pacman oneWhy does everyone have to be autists and buy everything? Why can't Nintendo stop being retarded and actually make stock?I just want to walk into a store at a normal hour and pick up my boy Pac but instead I have to scour each store and camp outside like a doorknob just for a cheap figure. Fuck everyone
4I'm in the same situation with Rosalina, but she won't ship until they get Shulk in, who won't be restocked until July so I can't really help you buddy.
3He's on Amazon right now for MSRP. In fact, I don't think he ever wasn't.
3You seriously can't find Pac Man?
4Yep. Just checked. He's right there. Go get your Pac on anon.
2the question is whether there's a more useless amiibo than Pac-Man and Mega Man
4Not on amazon.ca. Its almost double the price. That's stupid that you have to resort to scalpers.2Nope. They were all sold out day one at all the eb games I went to.
If I put SHulk on Craigslist, how likely would someone bite for Lucario, ROsalina and Lucina? How about with a Silver Mario included as well?7Not using Jiggs to fuck her in the assNah, you're just gay as fuck bro
1Does Amazon US ship to Canada?
5Oh how I wish they did
4Yes, because they both have use in Mario Kart and Woolly World. Currently, the PokÃ©mon are only usable in Smash.
1Sorry anon. There's one on ebay for about $16.50
I thought I could scalp Ness for more than 80. Will prices go up?
2I'm just mad at Nintendo and their fucking artificial scarcity bullshit. Fuck them.Wouldn't be so much of a problem if there was hope a Pacman figma or some shit would ever be made but that's never gonna happen and even if it does, its gonna be some shitty new Pacman instead of the classic Pac.
0Yeah, but probably not to $80. Wait it out a bit, I'm waiting on selling my extra JP Ness
My face when anon in this thread is complaining about how rare Pac-Man is in CanadaJust randomly bought one today without a second thought
9Well, fuck. I might as well just keep the thing. Im never gonna use it but at least I like Ness.
0Yeah, but not $80, thats the price of his banpresto figure.I say he will max out at $55 - 60
I got2 Meta Knights1 weirdly boxed Greninja. Pic related1 Jigglypuff1 Squid Girl1 Squid BoyCan I make some dosh out of this? I don't partake in scalping but fuck its tempting. Send help.
1$60 is still a decent price if you paid $14 for the thing. 4Just do it. Fuck reddit and their holier-than-thou bullshit. There is literally nothing wrong with scalping.
1B-but anon, what if your making a profit while others didn't even have a chance to buy one! Dont you feel awful?!?!
1Yeah, reddit is bullshit, unfortunately since they are the best resource for info on amiibos, its slowly seeped into our consciousness here in these threads.
2Not really. I don't think it's really that hard to get the ones you want, as long as you know you want it early. Importing is cheap. 4Yeah I browse it for info too. But I have fun messing with them, pic related.
0I hope you faggots buying from Scalpers AT THE VERY LEAST leave negative reviews for them. Negative reviews can hurt a fucking lot on sites like eBay. Make shit up, just make sure it's nothing the seller can prove is false or the feedback might be removed.
4it just disgusts me how underage children are welcomed with open arms there. have the threads are faggots trying to show off their newest rare in a subtle manner. "OMG look at this kewl thing i noticed on my Robin ^__^" its fucking nauseating. i strictly go there for updates.
0I'm waiting either for Meta Knight to drop in price on Amazon JP or my yesasia order to shipor whenever I go to Best Buy.
8Anyone got the image of the guy who posted his like 1k+ profits on reddit?
work at best buypeople getting pissed that I sell a shit ton of amiibos to a kid but limit the amount an adult can buy
Paid for Splatoon 3 packCan't fucking have it yet because Nintendo understocked and fucked up the store's orderBackordered for three to four goddamn weeksWill probably keep getting pushed back because they're bound to understock againI want off this fucking ride.
1yesasia
1You can justify any action by sayingmoralfags You're still a selfish asshole if you scalp limited product.
0Falco was 7th, just right below Snek ;_;. Falco just only became not good in Sm4sh.He's just so unsafe on more than half of his moves. Being a Falcofag is suffering now.
9Being forced to browse reddit for updates pisses me off so much. I hate that shitty place with a passion now that I have to see those people post. As soon as I get my FE set complete I'm done with this shit and following it so closely.
2Yea, I doubt it will go through but no harm in trying. I'll probably end up picking one up at best buy anyway, and if it does go through, I'll use it for trading material.
7You're still a selfish asshole if you scalp limited product.You say that now, but when you miss your preorder for your favorite character, I'll be there for ya. I've got your back anon. Only $39.95
7I wouldn't mind scalpers as much if A. They weren't just as obnoxious as reddit themselves with their gloating and baiting for reactions. They're the exact same type of people that you see on there. They just try to piss someone off rather than try to get praise. Same damn thing. And B. They directly make me do more work for these things. I just want to buy some shitty figures for their cheap MSRP, use them in the games, look at them on my shelf, play video games and jerk off. They get in the way of that.
9$1,000Surely such a low amount isn't typical? I make that in like half a workweek, why even go through the trouble and degradation in lieu of getting an actual job
7That's how the game works. Either get EXTREMELY LUCKY, try to get extras, Scalp or get fucked in the ass by Scalpers
nintenyearolds still pretend they arend man childrenthis thread
7Because NEETs my dear anon.It's the only way for them to make a "large" amount of money without being downright disabled.
So I was in a Meijer today and I ended up buying my first two amiibo. Nothing special, just a Samus and a Toad.How fucked am I?
9Everybody gets fucked in the ass by scalpers, even if they don't pay them. Scalpers are making a bad situation much worse.
7Considering it takes literally no effort, that is a lot of money.
8If you find yourself eyeing any others, extremely. It's a very slippery slope, even if you're only grabbing characters you like.
0If it takes literally no effort, why do people struggle so much to get them?
8Very.I told myself Gold Mario would be the only amiibo I would own. Now I own 10 and plan to get G&W and Olimar whenever they come out.And maybe Falco...
8Because they don't know how to inform themselves. Pretty sure there's still a lot of people that don't know how much cheaper it is to import the things.
8Because the scalpers are getting to them first.
0Falco's probably my favorite Nintendo character
6I found the black person
9One of my favorite series has some merch up on amazon.co.jp. It ships internationally quite cheaply, and yet people choose to buy them from resellers on eBay for 250% markup. Blows my mind, and fills me with rage at both parties.Not going to name the series, we have enough scalpers already.
7Nope. Why would you assume I'm black just because I like Falco
4tfw I can get about $200 if I sell them at reasonable pricesFuck I get myself out of credit card debitAlso this is my Greninja. Would a retarded In box collector pay for this?
Feels good to have a Ness
4That's a rare misprint, it's worth at least tree fiddy
3Shulk isn't even close to being as rare as those other amiibo, due to him getting a second stock.
6Not really but he's like $24 on Amazon, JPN version though
7black people always have a pocket Falco because he holds his glock sideways
4No. Things like that actually depreciate the value.
So what the fuck is the big deal with Amiibos?
5megaman was always at retail price he is common as fuck
5YuYu Hakusho?
8Is there a video showing the rest of these off? I saw one a while ago that only had a handful.
4I have a Lucina like that. You can tell that they moved the plastic part down as a mistake. I don't know if I should sell it or not.
0That's what I figured, which is also why I wasn't as serious about getting another MK that, and unlike MK, prior to Wednesday, I didn't even have a Shulk. He still seems like a pain in the ass though, so I'll try
4am I missing something? What's wrong with it?
8Ness Yoshi has blushThey do care.
0Lucario may be the easiest to get. Just call some TRUs.
7You are absolute garbage.
hey guys. not into amibos but we sell them at the shitty shop I work at here in germany. dont think this shit is very popular around here. what are some rare ones I should look for? willing to sell/ship them without profit if I get my hands on rare ones
1Let's SeeVillagerMarth he got a US reprint, but people will still jump through hoops for himWii Fit TrainerFoxPitCaptain FalconMacRosalinaLucario he seems to mbe common as fuck outside of the USShulk reprint, but stillMK Reprint, but sameDEDEDEIkeLucinaRobinNessJigglypuffGreninjaPotentially Samus, Kirby and Charizard
1For the US just about everything is rare if it's not Zelda or Mario Bros.
1Peach, Sonic, Wario, Shulk, SMB Luigi and Pac Man are the rarest I can think of
Everyone in this thread needs to die for being a fucking faggot.
I feel sorta bad for people that do this Although Charizard is currently a pain in the ass to get
9damn that many, eh? ok I'll check out if we have any of those next week and make a thread if I get any. All I know is we have a bunch of them and I only see little kids buying them but very rarely. no neckbeards here that buy all the rare ones. though from now on that will be me I guess
3I got Charizard when he was up on Amazon, and the day he was supposed to arrive those fucking shits sent me an email saying they couldn't get a hold of it and asked if I wanted to extend it.
7but why did you buy the jiggly puff amiibo
8Is that Greninja in the bottom middle?
6He was probably going to hold it ransom for a phone number, but realized he was too beta.
/toy/
7/a/nus
another night of shitposting on /v/ and hoping to catch japanese restock preorders
So why don't you fags just pre-order them or something?
6Because even preordering is impossible anon. Lucina and Robin sold out in under 30 seconds on Amazon and didn't have preorders. The ones that do get preorders last under 4 minutes and usually go up at like 2-3 AM on random days.
730 secondsTry 10. At most.
6I actually "got" a Robin and it shipped from Amazon. But for some reason they decided to let the Hulk deliver that day at UPS and my package was destroyed so badly that Amazon recalled it immediately.
Lucina is the only one I ended up paying more for, but it was from the Play Asia preorder from the other night and only spent 27 bud so I'm cool with that. Pretty much done with amiibo after this, but I'll still buy a couple more like pacman if I feel like it. Maybe by then Nintendo will get their shit together.
1paying a scalper is betternice try shit head.If thus thread is still up I'll post some amiibo later.
9What the hell is with all the gor namefags?
7Must be some reddit shit.
8The Charizard i got today, I was lucky that that walmart didn't fuck up the pickup in store and put a sticker on a bowser like the last Walmart did
5tfw your walmart doesn't believe in stickers
6What news?
7I did the opposite. I had Ike pre-ordered at GS since December, but I was out of town when they got it in last month so they held it for me. When I go to pick it up at the end of the day, there's a kid with his mom and dad there waiting to see if I'd show up. I guess they were told they could have it if I didn't show.Anyway, I pay for it and everything and the clerk tells me how lucky I am and I overhear another clerk telling the family that I was there to pick it up. Me and that family go out the door at the same time, and I felt pretty bad, so once we're out of the store I asked them if they had been waiting to get Ike. I tell them they could just have it, the dad starts to tell me no but the kid immediately says YES, so I hand it to him. Everyone is confused, including myself because I couldn't believe I was actually doing it, and the dad starts to offer me money. I politely decline and then head back to my car trying not to spill anymore awkward spaghetti.Don't get me wrong, I love Fire Emblem and I had been waiting for Ike this whole time. But I didn't want to be the guy that takes a toy away from a little kid who really wanted it, because I remember trying to collect the 90s Star Wars toys as a kid and having to deal with scalpers and neckbeards.
3i just bought one today in ebgaymesthere seems to be still plenty of most amiibos in aus
3You're a damn good person anon.
3you are a nice person anonI hope you can find another one
7Why
Is Robin worth a trade for Ness? I have a Ness and somebody wants to trade me a Robin for him.
53Thanks, I'll probably get another one eventually if I keep an eye out. I'm still 0 for 4 on FE amiibo, but I should be getting the Lucina Figma soon.
20323all these White KnightsThis guy did the right thing, he was in line, and got what he wanted, and shouldn't feel shame for it.I bet the girl would have done the same thing if she was in his shoes.And if he did give her an Amiibo, she would have taken it and run with out a thank you because bitches are selfish.If you want loyalty get a dog.
9I know how you feel. I only have Marth, and that was due to an incredible stroke of luck when he was restocked on Amazon. Going to try to import the rest of them sometime soon. Hope you can get them too man.8They're about the same. Some people think Ness is rarer. It's up to you. You could probably swing Ness for Robin and something else that's uncommon.
3This shit's so fucking retarded.What is wrong with you aspies fucking organizing trades over CL for TOYS.I always see battlestation threads with people and their million figmas, and that's I guess SOMETHING since those can cost upwards of $75+ but amiibos? They're useless in games and are shit quality $13 McDonald's happy meal toys.Fucking disgusting.except for this guy 3 you're a cool dude
Such beauty
2That's so fucking autistic it wraps over back to 10/10.
1Whether or not someone else is going to screw you over has nothing to do with the morality of a thing. He didn't make the right decision. He already had two coming, and his greed deprived someone else of a chance. Beyond that, you're just projecting hard when you think he wouldn't get a thank you just from your own experience. He was in the wrong and he knows it.
2Hey, at least now you'll have some friends to play against! :^
1I'm 3I'm not shitting on him or white knighting, I was just saying my experience with a similar situation. Except I wasn't interested in banging a little kid, so I guess in that respect it was different.
2And just how much did you drop on this? A few hundred? Thousand? More? Or did you actually dedicate the time to literally camp outside of the stores at the launch of each of these things just to get a damn toy with a microchip in it? Because that's just really fucking sad.
2this looks like a JAM Project concert
Why do you fags buy these things? Not only is the quality is just slightly above that of McDonald's toys, but by buying them you're supporting jewish practices by Nintendo to have on-disc DLC.
1I went to the midnight release of Smash4 with a friend of mine. They were having a little raffle for different shit like amiibos and a free copy of the game and also a copy of the new pokemon game. So my friend enters and ends up winning a copy of Pokemon and there was this girl there just glued to her DS the whole time so he turns to her and asks "Which version of Pokemon do you want?" And she had absolutely no clue what was going on. It was so hard to watch as he tried to not come across as a complete creep and she just fumbled over her words trying to refuse it.Jiggly-bro was probably better off not giving it to her.
4He already had two coming, and his greed deprived someone else of a chanceWelcome to Amiibo hunting.Go ask the same question to the other scalpers in this thread.He only did it because he didn't get a Robin or Lucina. He was deprived of what he wanted because of other greedy people.Why should he do the right thing, while others don't. When did this place became about morality.Is fucking summer here already?
4Thanks for the threadly dose doc.
4If on-disc DLC will make you this angry, then I will buy a thousand of each character just to make it a reality for everything you love
Only amiibo I want from Wave 5 is Zamus and maybe Dr MarioDr Mario will probably be Uncommon, but Zamus is another story. She is going to be the Lucina of this wave I just know it I'm still looking for a regular Samus and can't find one in my area
34chan has never been about morality. But I've always been a moralfag and no matter how many years I'm here that hasn't changed. Two wrongs don't make a right. Just because he was fucked over out of Robin and Lucina doesn't excuse him fucking someone else out of a Jigglypuff. At least several of the scalpers don't pretend what they're doing is morally right. You shouldn't either.
This guy is the most negative, bitchy and somewhat abusive jerk to people that actually PAY to chat and watch his streams.Just wow.
5and I love him for it
6He hates Silent Hill 2.'Nuff said.
5I liked that series when it was a sketch comedy show about guys playing games. Like Game Grumps without the meth.
Holy shit, anon. I made the exact same thread just a couple of days ago. That stream was ridiculous. It's good, but don't buy it!I DON'T LIKE SNOBBY THINGSSINGLE PLAYER IS BORINGAnything else I'm forgetting? He treats everything Nintendo like this.
2Bitching about tutorials in a game he never played. Bitching about gyro controls and having to turn them off.Bitching about how it's not like his fapperate game, Mario Kart.And he just seems kind of overbearing to even that girl with him.
8He's pretty controlling with everyone on the show, I think. Notice how no one speaks out of turn unless he prompts them to... try watching that Nintendo E3 Direct, where he tried to convince everyone that Amiibo were pay2win, despite being well aware of what they actually were beforehand.
5could you like, link some parts in the video, some time stamps or some shit.
5Stop shilling your shit here you stupid fuck
hahaIt's been 15 years since they made a new IP and they made this overhyped trash.
5WHEN DO WE GET TO PLAY THE GAMEI hate when faggots act like this. This isn't the NES era anymore, yes you need a few minutes to learn how to play the fucking game. Get over it Jesus Christ. Hes like Egoraptor
1No he doesn't did we watch the same video?
complaining before he even plays the gameoh a tutorial, you play this part bitchfix your goggles its triggering my autismthat cold lifeless autist stare while dressed up as a squid kid, his dead eyes accentuated by the ink over his facevoice cracks everywhereI'm done watching this shit. 9He's pretty controlling with everyone on the showI can see that, what an asshole. I bet the whole crew talks shit about this guy and how he treats everybody.
You have to give him tips and advice, BUT NOT WHEN HE NEEDS THEM! You have to predict his every want and need THEN post and god help you if it spoils something. Unless he doesn't care about spoilers, but you have to know when that is.
Who. Fucking. Cares
Less pathetic than Spoony's stream that can span 8+ hrs, with little to know interaction unless he says he wants to ban people.
5Is he bitchier than that fat fuck Simmons on Maximillian's streams?
6
I heard Ben and the others don't come on nearly as much anymore. I don't see why anyone would watch it if that's the case. They were the only good thing about this shit,
yeah im not gonna watch a 58 minute video to see when fraiser is mean to people
5Ew gyro controlsDie faggots.
splatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
He's DSP tier. I only watch for Ben.
its been 15 year since nintendo made a new IPwell thats just factually wrong
1They have lives and careers and even kids. He's a let's player.
5That stream is the biggest hivemind i've ever seen. Literally anyone that sits with him shares whatever opinion he has, regardless of how retarded it is. Even worse, 90% of his opinions are completely uninformed. He's also extremely butthurt towards nintendo.
9I miss when Ben was a regular on the show, he was often the voice of reason when Frasar got too bitchy or when his complaints got too stupid and nitpicky. He's is also a lot funnier than Frasar.
He's a fag now, He's a dick now, He's a fag, He's a dick, He's a fag, He's a dick Now!
4Splatoon is actually super streamlined: If you have any idea on how the game works, you can clear the tutorial in a matter of minutes, and then immediately jump online. It took Frasher over an hour to get that far, just because he was trying to trash the game from every angle. The single player is shit! Untrue... the only real complaint about it is that it's too short!Battle Dojo is shit! Surprisingly, it's actually pretty fun... I wish there more options, but we're really enjoying it!This is the sort of person who complains that the in game stores are too SNOBBY.
5Remember when he told people not to buy Dragon's Crown because it was "too expensive for what it is" despite him and his friends enjoying the shit out of it?
9Fist of the squid star
6And the "Shadow Chat" or the unwashed and unpaying twitch viewers, are banned for saying anything he might hate, like pointing out he's Canadian.
guy is the biggest shill out thereand now they're doing movie night, where you pay them 5 bucks so you can watch them watch a movie that will be blurred out due to copyright problems. so you have to buy the movie yourself and watch it along with them.....
Gonna laugh my ass off when Nintendo strikes his channel into oblivion over making this.Then watch his "Angry Joe" style rant about it.
6so you pay him to insult you?
HOURLY FUCKING REMINDER TO REPORT AND HIDE ALL ECELEB, TWITCH, TWITTER, AND YOUTUBE CUCK WORSHIPPING THREADS, GET UP AND STRETCH, AND PLAY VIDYA.
3Okay Mr. Algar.
7Why does he play nintendo games anyway? Who wants to watch someone be angry at a game for three hours? You already know he's going to find reasons to be annoyed the whole stream.
7You have to be a special kind of retarded to rant about the things Angry Joe does. At least DSP admits he's a fucking idiot sometimes.
2Which is ridiculous because they aren't doing anything wrong by speaking out their minds in the chat that they don't even read. The mods are nazi as fuck.
is painful
3Thanks for the bump.
1I liked when Baldy simply couldn't pass something in a game, then Ben gets the controller and does it first try.
watched them do W101 first bosswouldn't reflect lasers from ohrowcheehad to be told by stream how to pick up the canisters to throw themfinal strike hitsone chat member is debating with a mod whether or not wonder pink's arrival is a spoiler or notSeems awful
Youtube celebrities are cancer, as are anyone that follows them. Fuck off back to reddit.
5HURR I HATE THIS GUY, LETS GIVE HIM MORE VIEWS
3Ben gets the controller and does it first tryThat shit was always funny, honestly with just Frasar and Becky there its a lot less interesting and Frasar gets so butthurt over stupid shit so often and will go and fuck around being unfunny while not paying attention to shit.
0wouldn't reflect lasers from ohrowcheei'll be honest, I didn't make the conection I could reflect ohrowchee's lasers in the last part where we are falling from the building.
5what is adblock?Also his Nintendo vids don't make any money anyway.
Funny thing about these vids, it takes how long you watch them and if they are from the same channel for them to make money now.
I remember those first few videos after they ditched AVG. That fucking ballerina one in particular. Then it just went downhill.
He sided with Jane in TWD
1Sage is invisible now
5chat says "gyro controls can be good with practice!"PFFT YEAH. AS GOOD AS THE WHEEL IN MARIO KART, OKAY GUYS CALM DOWNgod damn that tone. i can't stand analog but i don't dismiss it that fucking quickly, i recognize that console players tend to favor analog while pc players favor the gyro. holy shit
5what does that have to do with anything you fucking retard
He came into Splatoon WANTING to hate it. He's a man who thinks current Nintendo is bad and wants Wii-era Nintendo to return.He came into it with expectations with no research. He does not deserve sympathy.
5go complain on reddit then try to sic your personal army on him you fag
9Holy fuck the amiibo shit got me mad.It was explained multiple times that you fight your amiibo but when they played smash 4 they all thought the amiibo only attacks everyone but the owner because Fraser kept talking over everything.
4He gets enamoured by literally any femme fatale or badass girl, always calls them a great character no matter what. It's really pathetic. It's especially egregious in his case since she straight-up tries to murder Kenny and he's fine with that. Doesn't even care about Kenny's dying words.
8It's been 15 years since they made a new IPThis is FACTUALLY incorrect.It's even worse that if even if it was correct he would count IPs not made by Sony Computer Entertainment as "New IPs" but anything not made by EAD is not Nintendo's.He pisses the shit out of me
4Complains about the illusion of choice in the Season 1 gamesFinishes Season 2When asked if he wants to see the other endings he says no
7I got that impression as well, actually. He bitches about everything during Nintendo Directs He even tried to say that Sony won E3 last year because Nintendo 'lacked showmanship' I'm surprised he tried to so hard, though. He said before that Splatoon actually looked pretty good Which is a lot more credit than he gave Xenoblade
6He even tried to say that Sony won E3 last year because Nintendo 'lacked showmanshipI AM STILL FUCKING MAD!
4Well granted the chat told him it was 15 years since the last IP but since he didn't do his research he believed it so he is at fault too
1They play any gameSome female character eventually becomes the waifuAny opinion they have goes out the window and they just blindly agree with that character no matter whatIt always happens.
6He even tried to say that Sony won E3 last year because Nintendo 'lacked showmanship'And everyone agreed since they are a hivemind. And while every other person i've read or watched loved the way nintendo handled e3 last year, everyone there said how bad it was handled after he said he didn't like it, what a coincidence!Seriously, what kind of egocentric shit you have to be to need to have people agreeing with you all day every day?
66can't even shitpost correctly.Holy fucking shit,
66Couldn't get it right the first time, huh?
Says he made a patreon cause people asked for itMade one of the goals to play Kingdom Hearts cause he hates it but the fans want itThe goal was $3,000Won't even finish it,he'll just do a few hoursThe goal was reached in like a week but come on man.If you're gonna make the goal that big then at least finish the game.
9Ben is one of us.Look at how much fun they were having when they were doing it for shits and not Twitchbux.
66This is just embarrassing.
NO NEW IP'S IN 15 YEARSChibi RoboRhythm TengokuWarioWareCodenamed: S.H.I.TPushmoXenobladeW101Dillon's Rolling WesternBrain AgeStyle SavvyGolden SunDrill DozerNintendogsSteel DiverStarfyI'm not some Nintendo fanbaby, but people who make sweeping statements for no reason other than to sound cynical, without even being right about their statements, piss me off.
8He saw the codename steam trailers, he knows about xenoblade, etc.It's just doublethink since he really wants to hate nintendo.
989im still waiting for an answer
3Wii Sports is sort of a major IP that was part of the critical success of the Wii. Fraser is just fucking retarded.
7He also hate pretty much anything Japanese because of 'melodrama'.
7im still waiting for an answershouldn't you be out buying toyI bought my video games already, thanks.
3It's not recognized as a new I.P until it has 3 sequels and a HD remaster collection, in the span of 12 months.
6Except for fucking Naruto, for some reason.
8This is not a Splatoon thread.
I watch them because I think their setup is nice.
2I DON'T LIKE SNOBBY THINGSI fucking hated their reaction to Moe. Fucking ridiculous.
2Or made by Nintendo EAD
3but anon, most of those aren't on consoles, they have to be on consoles to count. i'm sure nintendo didn't care about whatever rhythm tengoku, pushmo, golden sun and xenoblade are and i don't care about themtfw i was about to say w101 but w101 got no fucking marketing
5Nigga why are you still making threads about these guys? Did you get banned from their shitty chat or something and now hold a grudge?
8No, Wii Sports was made by EAD.
WOW he's almost as annoying as darksydephil who i hate but ironically support through ad revenueecelebs suck!! lets go watch their stream and donate with hate messages :DD
6Pushmo got a sequel didn't it?
5And your solution to this is posting about him to get more people to watch him?
6nintendo didn't care about ... xenobladenew 3DS portShulk in smashXenoblade XFuck off.
6Nobody asked you to do a god damn thing. Shove that Kirby Amibo up your ass and dream of Daddy.
4How can you watch an uninformed guy being purposefully angry at a game for hours while everyone agrees with anything he says? I think it's worse than dsp at this point, at least he accepts criticism.
2see5
Mods say that you can't give them instructions until they ask for itArgue about something and they ban youThey even ban you in the twitch chat which they don't even fucking read
5Is this "male" a cuckold?
6Handhelds are consoles. Also, that's a whole lot of goalpost movment going on there.
1There's four games in that series
4Not only sided with her, he has to be the biggest Janefag I've encountered.Fraser crosses the line from pragmatic to sociopath when he plays TWD. It's disturbing really.
5Meaningless because if they gain enough views Youtube will promote them to others users some of whom wouldn't have adblock.
I only watched one series from them, and that was rhythm heaven fever. and i enjoyed it. like watching them all fail at the stuff all the time.
nintendo takes the dollars i expect to make from making videos that nobody commissioned me toi hate them
141tfw sarcasm doesn't communicate well in texti love every IP there, especially rhythm tengoku
8It does communicate well in text if you're not a retard.
So many fucking assblasted Nintendunces in here.
5you are also paying them by making this thread OP, you are as stupid as them
0sorry man
2It's ok I still love you.
0don't be a dick, anon
5tfw you really think angry joe is a good reviewer yet still find the nintendo video retardedLike he knew that they would hit him.
I liked Awesome Video GamesOnce they stopped editing and people left it got awful
9But last I checked this board was full of people who loved dick.
I stopped watching these guys when they hyped up a !!!BIG SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT!!! and it ended up being an hour of them shilling a bunch of ugly tshirts.Looking back, I don't even know how I managed to stomach this garbage.
5watching ANY streamer that does sub mode
Jane was a great character. I hope they give her a storyline by having her save the little girl, forget her name. She needs a strong role model that can do the job right. Taking out the Kenny guy was smart since he was going insane.
9I don't even know how I managed to stomach this garbage.I stuck around for like a month because I enjoyed AVG and was hopping this was gonna be a temporary thing to keep fans satisfied with more content until one of the guys in it returned. After awhile I just got sick of nothing but Minecraft streams for hours and jumped ship.
8not wanting to filter out shitposters and memeposters who think they're funny
9And that fucking retarded pixel Icon they are shoving down throats instead of the Stuffed Baby from a video game.
I like to watch reaction videos, specially with the smash hype that was going on and E3 conferences reactionsThese guys are pretty much the most fake at it, spcieally with that one asshole that already watched everything and keeps ruining the fun
0only having people from the frash hivemind is better
6Why did they stop using baby Hank again? Did they ever explain why?
8It's not just your usual sub mode.To join the chat, you have to pay $50!
8Which would you prefer, besides not having a twitch chat open?constant cancer shitspewing all over the place by everyone, constant negativity and fights and arguments breaking out with emote spam nonstop with memes constantly being repeatedsub mode only circlejerk that is nothing but sucking the streamers dick, the term hugbox definitely describes this mode perfectly, everything is way too positive and everyone is afraid to say something even remotely negativeyfw both are the worst things ever but at least sub mode wont depress you as much as free mode
Holy shit, don't watch their Wonderful 101 playthrough, that they dropped at the second chapter iircIt will just piss you off, he goes and IGNORES the fucking instructions and controls tips all over the screen
5This guy is the most negative, bitchy and somewhat abusive jerk to people that actually PAY to chat and watch his streams.proceed to direct link the video why so tsundere OP?
92I don't know who these fags are, but you seriously implying that amiibos aren't shit in both design and concept?
6If you want to shitpost don't do it like Fraser would.
3Wait, are you serious?
4He's impossibly HUD blind. I have never seen anything like it.
Does she show more of her feet in the video?
2Because they can't BRAND and Sell a trademarked baby doll from a Nintendo DS game.So he MS painted a bunch of blocks into a baby.A random bunch of blocks that form a baby that might be associated with a game somehow. A perfect icon since that's the show in a nutshell.
1It gives you some other stuff but yes, chat is 50 bucks.
4"Evade, don't need that""A block move? Fuck that"
5Jesus Christ. It's worse than egoraptor.
2Don't forget that he can now brag about 'muh pixelart'.
33WHY would anyone pay that?WHY would anyone ever pay to join some fucking chat?It's not even some adult date sit
2Becky is sexy and the best part of the show.Canadian backwoods innocent,Just the fact she lets him fuck her with his bald head spoils it.
5game isn't worth 60 bucks guys, go spend it on something elsechat is 50 buckstop lel
5If they were implying it I didn't see it.
5I don't know about the other anon but I'm saying that regardless whether or not you think amiibos are stupid you shouldn't ignore the explanation of what they do and then not listen when people are correcting you.
LET'S JUST FUCKING PLAY GOD ANNOYING TUTORIALSHe'll be the same fucking faggot that saysWHY ISN'T THERE A FUCKING TUTORIALI already hate this fuck face
4She's a hippy/raver dopehead from a farm.
550 and they can still BAN you for anything. They had even banned people by mistake and not fixed it.
5Wait did he really say that?I had a friend of mine do the first 3 levels without block or evade, because he didn't know about them.But knowing they exist and not getting them is another level.
0He'll be the same fucking faggot that says WHY ISN'T THERE A FUCKING TUTORIALHe is, TW101, Rising and other games clearly show it
2If it's on the screen in the game, he will not see it.It has to be in the chat or said by someone in the room.
0Even if he doesn't he gets his ass royaly kicked and still complains
to suffer...
Maybe stop posting the fucking video then?People have posted this video dozens of times, you fucking retards.
5No upvoting or downvoting his videosYep already confirmed faggotGlad he knows his place by blocking that feature
5Should watch the TF2 streams, he bitches when losing, winning and the fact others are better.
8I can understand why Ben wanted out.Poor guy is suffering there with all that cringing he's doing. Good on him for leaving, even if the show is utterly shit without him.
8That was pretty funny.
850 Bucks and you can tell him! Just lather that asshole up nice and sweet.
8Poor Ben just nervously chuckling trying to humor Frasar.
a shit voice actorAt least Egoraptor can do two voices.
3Why would I?
5Neither.Get competent mods, use r9k, use slow mode, bam problem fucking solved. I've seen 20k streams that were fine with no subchat with those restrictions. People seem to use Kripparians twitch chat as the norm for some reason but it's not. His chat is like that because he WANTS it to be that way.
8That's fucking bullshit, the Patreon is at like 4000 now so they should at least finish the game
Anyone have that one video where they get insulted because the shopkeeper calls them names?THAT triggered me SO HARD.
They also just go and makes everyone watch Japanese games trailers so tehy can go ful dudebro and laugh at themIt just feels forced
Get a load of THIS previous thread: 8Include full names and what series your characters are fromCompile multiple images into one or link to a gallery for additional referencesTry not to bump requestsNo shitpostingKeep it vidyaIf a post breaks the rules, DO report and hide it. DON'T respond to it.Have fun!Post your art to the booru for anons to find later in case they miss a delivery or if it is NSFW:to learn how to draw or improve your drawing skills? Visit the /ic/ sticky:/ic/1579290NSFW Deliveries should be posted in/i/441515Drawing Books:
Thanks.
2Drawing Callie/marie completely pure pajama request from last thread in order to further blueball pedo.
Not video games but requesting sunglasses that match the style of the rest of the image drawn on Hashiramas smug face
I wanna see Eggman and Wario armlocking, frolicking in the meadow like BFFs, each holding an ice cream cone in their free hand.
6tfw raging loliconDo you seriously think that people like me are only interested in lewd? cute shit is the best, man.
someone draw Red Garland from 7th stand user?Maybe Red Garland Requiem if you got the creativity to do so? Please?
7and /a/ can't do this, why?
requesting my Lynn just doing a simple salute!also what is "myLynn" and why does Google Chrome keep trying to get me to change the text to that?
9Dunno, maybe they can. I don't really go to /a/ so I haven't a clue if they have draw threads. Only ones I've seen are on /v/.
6so you asked the video game board to do an anime request without asking the anime board first?
Requesting Hatred guy shitposting navy seals pasta
Requesting fusion of Greenheart V2 form Neptunia V2, Nu13 BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger and Tyria Ar tonelico Qoga: Knell of Ar Cie.
Requesting Kiso wearing a zipper bikini or as a dragon monster girl.
8Without checking to see if /a/ draw threads are a thing, yeah.Demoman with two eyes really fucking bothers me for some reason, and I don't even play TF2 anymore.
0This.
0
7/a/126276419
0Jesus christ man, the result is gonna be a multicolored ball of spikes with tits.
7
8Fucking 10/10.5Thanks.6That's almost worst.
Requesting Pharos from Persona 3 naked with the black and white stripes painted on his body.
Requesting anything Dark Souls related art Sitting by a bonfire, injured, ready to fight a boss etc. with my DS character wearing the Alva Set Without Helm and equipped with a greatsword and royal kite shield on her back.
6Stop.Next is gonna be a maskless spy, or a skinny heavy
5maskless spyThis has been a thing shown in SFM videos and I think the comic has done it several times.He's actually a dashing rogue.As for skinny heavy, no, nevermind, fuck that, fuck you, up yours, eat shit, I won't do that with my life I'm not that sick. I'd sooner unmask that guy with the fire.
Taking romantic, consensual sex for the purpose of emotional bonding and perhaps starting a loving family requests
, 
I'll just leave this here.
1half life 3 who cares ?
Nobody cares about HL3 anymore.
20I do
9go back to reddit then
20No one cares abt HL3The hype is for the game and not the engine
Next GTA when ?????
IT'S HAPPENING
1only way to make half life 3 epic and relevant anymore is for it to be done entirely in VR with all the characters interacting with you and making you feel liek gordon, and closing the damn story, i dont think people will accept it to continue on after 3
5Kill yourself
We already got plenty of crazy things happening this year. HL3 also being officially announced this year would just add onto it.
No matter how good HL3 is, people are going to be disappointed by it. The game has an unrealistic expectation attached to it.
I'm surprised some retard hasn't compared it to DNF already.
1More people care about KH3 than HL3
8The comparison has been made, I'm sure.
0I meant in this thread.
1Has anybody even checked if this is just clickbait?
8Like...?8Implying it's not gonna be another DNFWe get this shit every year. There is no HL3.
8The hype is for the memesFixed that you neo /v/ shitcuck
Yeah and TLG is coming out too I'm sure.
1Literally wut
2Ah, got ya.Though, the main difference between DNF and HL3 was during the long wait for DNF, the developers showed many trailers/bullshots/gameplay footage videos to show off their progress. Meanwhile Valve has taken the "show absolutely nothing" approach. I don't know which is worse.
2Like...?Cossacks 3 existing and XCOM 2 being PC exclusiveAnd the reason that comparing it to DNF is retarded is because DNF was juggled between tons of devs and had tons of engine switches over the years, none of which apply to HL3. That's the reason DNF was bad, not because it took a long time to come out.
3we'll never see his smile again
8we'll probably hear about a SP expac for it at E3
guy picks elena and loses twicepicks 0bp dan and taunts all over the place, loses againstill presses ready to play another game
6I see your point, but I think HL3, if and when it releases, isn't going to live up to the hype it's built up over the past decade.
3DNF is worse cause they had no focused idea on what they wanted on the game and kept adding features after they played other games with them
I don't careI'm killing myself later this month and the only regret I'll have is not be able to play MGSV and this shitFuck you, GabeFuck your reasoning behind this long wait too
Clickbait, move along folks.
1jesus fucking christ can anyone say anything on this website without fucking summerfags running in, arms flailing, desperate for attention and acceptance from /v/, screaming "CUCK CUCK CUCK"?
4Don't do it anon ;~;
1Just like last year right? And the year before that.And the year before that year.And the year before the year of that year.
1This game will be the cause of WW3. Screencap this.
4Fuck off attention whore and just do it.
5muh secret clubGet off your high horse newfag, you've probably only been here a couple of years max.
5You'll be in the same shoes if you wait for HL3, you little shit licker
5epic meme dude xD
9Depends on the person. My expectation is a good FPS with plenty of upgrades over the past game. I'm expecting it to play more or less like HL2 but with something other than gravity puzzles playing a main focus and some cool new things added because of the updated engine, like maybe better AI or something. Plus upgraded graphics. I mean it's not like Valve is hyping it up or anything. It's purely on other people for hyping a game up just because it's taking forever to come out.
4not waiting to finish the sagaYour lose Anon.
02I care, unironically. Anyone who doesn't was probably too young to have played any of the HL at release
If Duke Nukem Forever is any indication the legends and speculation will be better than the actual game.
0If Duke Nukem Forever is any indicationIt's not
4No. When I do it I'm going to do a flip.
1Yeah, because DNF eventually came out. HL3 will never be made and will never be released.
However, Newellâ€™s statements could end up being misleading as Valveâ€™s latest updates on Steam displayed the addition of App 323900 and according to Motoring Crunch, it revealed the logo of Half-Life 3.sure is HL3
9go back to reddit
Any proof that this is in the files?
Butt ugly wallpaper for a 5:4 screen?Some employee put this in because he was bored. It's an old picture, it's all over the internet.
HL3 is going to be the Godfather part III of video games.Prove me wrong.
4
4F2P early access shit with a budget of maybe 500 bucksSteam is a garbage dump nowadays.
0If it comes with a brand new engine, you can be sure people are going to buy high end hardware just to make it run on max settings, just like with HL2's release.Alsoa buttload of new Source 2 modsYes please.
Sina BeigiFuck off you clickwhoring shitskin. The article has nothing but incorrect shit and the same regurgitated theories from years ago.What is app 323900? It's this:
app 323900It's just some shitty f2p gameThey probably released this article for attention
4intentionally unoptimized so NVIDIA can sell more $600 graphics cardsmods will cost money and be exclusive to the Steam Workshop for DRM reasons because of thatCan't wait!
2xD
1I remember seeing tech demos of source years before HL2 was released.I haven't seen anything on source 2. It's depressing. We'll likely see demos of what source 2 can do before any real news behind HL3.
0Do they allow vidya in heaven? or hell?
Valve doesn't make games anymore
5look at this memelover
0I haven't seen anything on source 2.Maybe because it's not out?
5They'll include portal gun puzzles
3SP expacI understand nothing but thank you
7Nigger. Read what the fuck he said. God damn these youngsters coming up these days
HL3 will never live up to the hypeeven if it did neo-/v/ is so into counter-culture that they would still call it shitDamned if they do damned if they don't.
2Single Player Expansion Packin the vein of episodes from liberty city
I still haven't even played Half Life 2. My autism doesn't let me play sequels until I have finished the previous game, and Half Life 1 just bores me to death.
4Yeah, Valve can be made or broken by /v/'s comments.
Can you believe a linear cinematic shooter is the game that became the ultimate carrot on a stick game?
4It is literally impossible for this game to live up to its hype so people calling it shot wouldn't necessarily be wrong
5same thing has been said for HL2guess what, they deliveredvalve doesn't make mistakes easily, they know a bad HL3 release has a chance to topple their image, they won't risk releasing a bad game.It will be good, it has to.
1Did valve ever get out there saying they weren't going to be at E3?If they aren't what the fuck are they doing?They need games if they're going to pimp Source 2, and they sure as hell didn't show any at GDC beyond a couple of VIVE demos.
7I can play HL1 over and over, I've probably done it at least eight times over the course of my life. Not much compared to some either. I'd prefer playing through HL1 to HL2 honestlyJust, stick with it and give a go. How far have you gotten with it?
9And what "tech demos of Source" would that be?How can you release a tech demo of an engine before it's out?Are you sure you understand what a tech demo is?
6Linear = badAm I the only one tired of all the fucking open world games? How about a well designed single player and linear game with attention to enemy placement, level design and maybe even story?
7I don't even remember, will have to buy  it now on Steam, you fucking faggot now I want to play it.
6anime picAre you even trying?
TFW Playing HL1/HL2 mods all day erry dayTFW making maps for themTFW Nobody plays HL1/2 mods anymore besides GmodI miss 2004
0anything that isn't linear is automatically an open world game
3kek at this point its pointless to release it due to just how much hype is around it.
2We get this shit every year. There is no HL3.This.Isn't it like the third time we're seeing false HL3 flags just on this year?
9I'm not entirely sure you do anon.
9Just pirate it bro. Not like it matters, Valve's rolling in it and it's not like they'll miss the moneyYou can likely easily find ISOs + CD keys for itI remember playing through the HL Generations box set... good times. Make sure you try out the expansions for HL1 too, Opposing Force is the best but if you end up enjoying HL1, give Blue Shift a go it's significantly shitter and shorter than OF but still not bad.
5half life 3 epicStopped reading right there./r/eddit
0there is an alpha source 2 client for dota 2/hammer available for like a year that shows better performance and load times, and valve has already shown a tech demo of source 2 running on vulkan revealing how huge of a performance increase it isnext time before you start complaining that we haven't seen anything of something, actually do the most basic of fact-checking
9
3also the dota 2 client has new rendering stuff like better particle effects
7What are some non linear non open world games?
6Oh god !!!! If its happening.... thank you ! But it will be free, right ?!
1Who else is going to take a vacation from /v/ when hl3 comes out as to avoid all the shitposting and decide if you like the game yourself?
9we saw a tech demo for Source a year before its releasethere was a tech demo for Source 2 at GDCWhy is the situation different?Yeah obviously the video isn't so good to look at, because VR.
5How old are you?
3Ok?
People thing being an old autistic NEET Neckbeard is an achievementkek
4Will you go on a genocide crusade and target the nearby nuclear power plant?
2Like me getting a date
2im curious to see this. you know its coming
0Count me in.I mean, I'm not really tired of open worlds per se, but both in RPG and FPS I am tired of:Incessant boring walking and fetch quests.CraftingThe ability to fuck shitty AI in the ass because they can't use the open nature of the world to their advantage like I canLack of anything substantial happening, the feeling like I'm the only person who's in the open world while NPCs and plot are stuck and waiting for me to trigger them.Repetitive gameplay made all the more repetitive because "open world" apparently seems to be an excuse for boring gameplay.I'm not into "exploration" because how is it exploration if I'm just stumbling onto things the developer placed there, just like thousands of other people will? It's a closed system pretending to be open.
7?????????Ok, that will be enough, thank you
6actually maybe thats why its takign so long. they got too ambitious and are gonna make sure it works well.i think by now its way more feasible for truly revolutionary portal gun play in hl
6Obviously But then again 90% of this thread is just shitposters so noone will reply to you
4???????Exactly.
6Me
8It's a closed system pretending to be open.Just like the planet Earth.
2Too old for you, my little boy.
Thinking about resubbing to FFXI recently. Everything has been streamlined and I have roughly level 73 content. Is it possible to finish the story for the first 3 expansions solo?
I did a bunch of Chains stuff on a private server a while back it was super easy to grab people for and leveling was a joke considering it was like 8x experience.
, 
Are there any games with optional bunny suits?
5Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King
5I'm assuming you're meaning the ones that change the character model?Monster Hunter?
What about mandatory bunny suits?
PERSONA 3 + 4
5bravely default
, 
Better than SOTN in every way.
Maybe. What do you mean by "better"?I really like all of the Castleroids for different reasons and have a hard time ranking them.
It's the best mix of old and new styles of castlevania but super castlevania 4 is better classicvania and symphony is a better metroidvania
Castlevania64 team makes a better Metroidvania than IGAIGA gets buttflustered and tells the team to fuck off and retcons CotM/Legends from his CV canonWhy do people worship IGA again?
1Better designed overall. More focus on platforming, puzzles, combat than SOTN which eventually boiled down to just using cheap weapons and using Mist to avoid everything.Only issues I have are the DSS Cards are annoying rare drops---but I guess some of them are pretty cheap so maybe that's the point.
5It has a whole lot less content, the controls aren't as good, and the drop rates on the cards are so low that I only ever ended up using one or two combinations for the whole game.However, I did appreciate that it tried to do its own thing to some extent rather than just attempting to replicate SotN. It's also somewhat more challenging than SotN, which is nice.Order of Ecclesia was my personal favorite of the exploration-focused Castlevania games.
Aria of Sorrow is better than Circle of the Moon, and Symphony of the Night is better than Circle of the Moon, so... no.
Anyone have any opinions on the LoS games? I heard good to mixed things about the first, only bad about the second, and the 3DS demo sort of pissed me off, so I didn't even bother looking into that one at all.1You mean Bloodlines.
1For me it was the most challenging metroidvania. Felt just right. Although I've enjoyed the others they just didn't push back much. SOTN especially.
Where can i download the original Rondo of Blood?
Not all that hard to be better than "straight enemy hallways and vertical staircases: the game"
5Circle of the Moon is kind of the bastard child of Metroidvanias but it's also my second favorite one behind SotN. I was playing it the other day. Keep getting my shit pushed in trying to go through that challenge area.
4Emuparadise. Use Mednafen in Retroarch, the other well-known PC Engine emulator is behind a paywall and using PPSSPP to play it in Dracula X Chronicles works like ass.
7Man...I don't know if I'm gonna attempt the Challenge Area.Trying to play through all the Castlevanias, and that just seems like it'll be a massive grindfest.
Elder God Tier:Circle of the MoonHigh Tier:Portrait of RuinMid Tier:Symphony of the NightAria of SorrowOrder of EcclesiaLow Tier:Dawn of SorrowShit Tier:Harmony of Dissonance
5I haven't played ant castlevania games aside from SOTN. Are any castlevania withbrpg elements like Sotn?
4no Harmony of DespairIt was pretty fun but only with friends.
4It has a whole lot less content, the controls aren't as good, and the drop rates on the cards are so low that I only ever ended up using one or two combinations for the whole game.Nailed it.CotM's proper difficulty is a huge deal and closes the gap significantly, but I'd still say SotN is the better game.
77I beat that shit when I was 13. Get in that ass, homie.
7It is a massive grindfest. You have to overlevel yourself into oblivion and then grind for potion drops.
1I have beaten it before, this is a newer playthrough since I hadn't played it in years. I just don't have enough potions.
5This is till my favorite Castlevania game. I loved being a whip user while still traversing a full castle. It felt like the most true to the lore Castlevania game in that regard. Only shit part was the RNG, but aside from that it was pure awesome. The best GBA game ended up being a launch title.
44In 2015, Ootake is more than good enough to run any PC-Engine CD game, and it's free and easy to use. Mednafen is good but its interface is cumbersome in my opinion.
7A ton of them. Circle of the Moon, Aria of Sorrow, Order of Ecclesia, and Dawn of Sorrow are all good. I didn't like Portrait of Ruin or Harmony of Dissonance but they're there if you want 'em
7like it'll be a massive grindfest.Heard that said before about COTM and it always struck me as funny.Played SOTN after COTM and it didn't feel like COTM was a grind so much as SOTN's enemies crumpled like wet tissue paper.
8most accurate emulators always have shitty interfacesWHY
7All the GBA and DS 'vanias are.
4Hey, I didn't like the sadly generic art or the touch screen shoehorning any more than anyone else, but Dawn of Sorrow was still great.
4The fuck is this shitGOD TIER:Aria of SorrowSymphony of the NightHIGH TIER:Dawn of SorrowOrder of EcclesiaMID TIER:Portrait of RuinOKAY I GUESS TIER:Harmony of Dissonance
4tfw I really like HoDI'm not even totally sure why. Apart from appreciation of Juste's beauty and decorating skills I'm not sure if I've ever talked to anyone else who liked it.4I'm not totally sure I agree. I liked DSS, but I think the cards being random drops meant they didn't play as big a role in the game as they should have. It also meant certain things could be a lot harder based on your luck or willingness to grind. The only significant puzzles I recall were in the water area, and I remember being more frustrated by getting frozen by projectiles from off screen enemies and having to wait for the switches.I really like CotM, but I don't think I can say I think it's better than SotN in every way.
7Ha, just about every Castlevania after SOTN is modeled after SOTN. If you want the best of the "old style" Castlevanias and they really are good, check out the X680000 game, ported to the PS1 as Castlevania Chronicles and play Original Mode!!!.
10Thanks.
2Fuck I forgot Circle of the Moon. Put it in High tier.
1best of the old stylenot Super Castlevania IVNIGGA
5Every Metroidvania except HoD is better than SOTN. This isn't really worth posting a thread over.
nigger the GBA soundchip is ass and there is no way you can argue that
5Did this one have archaic secrets? I remember back in middle school a friend of mine with a GBA and Castlevania game and he was convinced he beat it."yea go ahead and mess around on it anon, you'll wreck everything no problem"find some room where a cutscene occurshey man I found some dude that absolutely demolished me"whoa what? gimme that"
4using PPSSPP to play it in Dracula X Chronicles works like ass.Really? I want to play DXC again, but my PSP's screen is fucked.Also how does that game's version of SotN vary from the PS1 version of SotN? I know it has a different translation and voice work, and I heard the extra characters are different. Is there anything else?
4Still sounds better than SOTN's bargain-basement "band"Sometimes synth is just better than unimmersive higher quality shit
5in every wayno, the sound quality and visual quality were better in SotNgameplay-wise though, yes, CotM is better
Castlevania 64 is good and I enjoy playing it to this day.
2001needing potions for battle arenaalways bring potions.
5Playing Circle of the Moon on releaseThe card system was the tits
2CV4 looks pretty but is way too easy and gimmicky whoa, Mode7!!!!. I like CV4, but it's not the best. Pound for pound CV:Chronicles packs the right amount of challenge, clever bosses, and interesting level design.Just about every CV game is worth playing at least once, but standout gems like Bloodlines and X68K Chronicles deserve more mention than they get.
2Bloodlines is better anyway.
4I remember liking the sequel/expansion/prequel or whatever that game was, but it's been a long time.Never played any of the other 3D CVs, but I've heard that LoI isn't actually that bad. One day I'll get to giving those games a shot myself.
5all metroidvanias are better than sotnand that's okaysotn's format pioneered something for them, and they refined and polished it over timethat's a good story for a developer, unlike what sometimes happens
5well they're both inferior to Portrait of Ruin although many people still haven't realized the brilliance of PoRDawn, Aria, and OOE are also frequently misjudged I findDawn is often underrated in relation to Aria and OOE is often overrated
4I do agree that Bloodlines is overall one of the best Castlevanias.
0because they're written by programmers who specialize intensely in reverse engineering, not graphic and UI designers.
What did y'all think of this one?
1Nice, but forgettable. Proved that IGA is still capable of making classicvanias if he wants.stage 4's music is the tits. have it on my phone.
1Is there a way to emulate this shit?
0Dolphin doesn't run WiiWare?
0I've never tried because it's so easy to pirate shit on the Wii, but there's probably something you can do. Shouldn't be too hard to find the wad for the game.
7playing PoR right now, love it but it isnt as challenging as Cotm. I feel like side weapons were nerfed to all hell and it sucks you can only use one spell at a time as charlotte. also the team combo spell things sucked. great game but could have easily been better, also too much light hearted anime.
1I don't know. I have Dolphin but rarely do Wii games, let alone Wiiware.9I'll look.
4wish i would have completed it. fun game, i have no idea why i didnt complete it.
mfw this comes out of a gameboy
6literally TwilightVania
6Legitimately my favorite Bloody Tears rendition. It sounds like a final boss/rival battle remix, so sexy.
6Shitty version of bloody tearsdude check your fucking earsalsotrying to show impressive gameboy musicnot posting Dark Messiah
3When is that kickstarter game he's making supposed to come out? I haven't looked into it at all.
1Two of the DSS Cards are rare drops that only appear in dead-end Boss rooms in fake candle monsters after you beat one of the later bosses.Oh, and a hidden room INSIDE a hidden room leads to a place where a skeleton runs away from you---he's hard to catch but drops an item that transforms you into Beartank from Rakuga Kids.
3didn't one of them only appear in the arena as well?
9lol March 2017might as well just forget about it for the time being
6Shitty version of bloody tearsimplyingSeems to me you're the one who needs his ears checked, that shit is dank.
1There are two DSS cards in the Arena---I wanted to collect them all but I don't know if I wanna put the time into getting those drops.
5it sounds almost nothing like bloody tears, only at certain intervalsdank
1There are two arena only cards, I think. There's also a card that's a pretty rare drop from an enemy that's fairly difficult, unless you have the right cards to cheese it, than only appears right outside the arena.9It'll come out eventually. The fact that apparently the graphics will be 3D, the fact that we haven't actually seen any in-game stuff yet, and the lack of Kojima is preventing me from actually getting hyped for it, though.
3That's why it's a remix, because it actually changes the arrangement rather than rehashing it.le shiggy man meme
5It's wonky as fuck. You can really hear some of the gameboy's limitations.
4Just Download PPSSPP and play Castlevania Chronicles. It have the 2,5d Rondo remake, the original game and SotN.
3IGA didn't make ReBirth, M2 did.Also IGA's never worked on a Classicvania, his first game was SotN unless you count his name in the "special thanks" list in Rondo's credits.
4CV4 looks pretty but is way too easy and gimmickyGo to bed Arin.
5be me forever agobuy GBAbuy new Metroidvaniahard as fuck to see anything unless the screen is in direct lightgame overall feels like SoTN but with meh controls and really generic artworkThankfully the next 2 games saved the day plus light up backscreens for the GBA.
6I believe it's pretty much the same, aside from the voices. You do need to play the 2.5d version to unlock it and SOTN.
8made it with M2. class="quote""Iga was involved in the development of Castlevania: Rebirth, however we aren't ready to share any details on Iga's next project just yet," Konami U.S. spokesman Jay Boorholy hell people always come out of the woodwork to discredit the man with everything because of the kickstarter shitposting
6no one has bother to make a VRC6 cover of New Messiah
5GBAaudio qualitybetter graphics than psxSomeone doesn't know what the word every means.
downloading an emulatornot owning a custom firmware 1000 and USB connector
0How do I download hardware?
8I've hated him before the Kikestarter even happened. He's incredibly overrated and has done more harm to the franchise than good.Also he was just the producer, the person really behind ReBirth was Keisuke Koga.
7
4yeah yeah, you hate metroidvanias, bloodstained is shit, igarashi is a hack, you win the internets for this original opinionand producers totally stay at home and just receive their paychecks
2I only played the first one and honestly didn't enjoy it. It started out ok, but the combat felt like an unpolished GoW and after halfway I was just waiting for the game to be over. Didn't even bother with the dlc, the second game or the 3ds one.
4He's incredibly overrated and has done more harm to the franchise than good.Weird how the franchise only stopped sucking after he started working on it, then.
0using a 1000The D-pads on those things is fucking awful. I'm happy with my CFW slim. Apart from the fact that I fucked up its screen. How hard is it to replace those?
0He regretted it later and apologized, reinstating it into the canon.
Why do people shit on Harmony of Dissonance when it's better than Circle of the Moon in every department except for music and magic system?
4Elder God Tier:Super MetroidAlso Elder God Tier But For a Different Genre:Rondo of BloodFilthy pretender tier:All -vanias that fail to be Super Metroid.
5I don't know, it has a perfect OST in my opinion, fits the atmosphere perfectly.
0Better than Super Metroid tier:La-mulana Remake.
5I think the controls are debatable, maybe. I liked the dashing in HoD, but I can see someone having a problem with the jumping or thinking the whip feels better in CotM.I still love HoD, though, and Juste is the best Belmont. Might be my favorite of the GBA games.
1The term for this genre is officially "Igavania", according to the series creator, Koji Igarashi.
2And the term everyone else uses is "Metroidvania". That has never stopped me from calling them Castleroids.
2nah, the term has been pretty often used as a way to identify the CV games with the SotN style and separate them from the classicvaniasmetroidvania is a general term for all other non-CV games, like Guacamelee
5I like CotM game better, but SotN has it beat in the graphics factor. Also I like Alucard more than Nathan.
5Graphics whores and fags who don't waifu Juste
0legendsthe entire belmont bloodline is part vampire, trevor wasn't actually the first belmont to fight dracula, and dracula was ressurrected about twenty or so years after the belmonts were exiled
8Fuck off, he had his name on it as producer but M2 developed it. The fact people act like he literally made every game his name was on despite only being a producer pisses me off.
5It's story is worse too, the dark/light castle thing made exploration convoluted and annoying, the music and the magic system not being as good as CotM is a pretty big deal. I think the only thing that HoD has over CotM is the graphics now, come to think of it.
0only being a producerHe was the scenario writer for a few of them too, also he did some gruntwork stuff with them too since he's a programmer.
0The fact people act like he literally made every game his name was onwhen was this ever said?as far as I know, he just happens to have his name involved with all of these SOTN-like games from PS1 / GBA and shitno one said he made them alone, locked in a room, like some kind of isolated visionary genius.you seem assmad to fit with the cool kids hating Bloodstained, go back to the catalog and search the newest one, bro
0n-no! producers don't do anything! he was forbidden form touching anything while M2 did all the work and he took all the credit! My dad works at Konami and he saw everything!
0retcons CotMHe actually reinstated it into the timeline.Also him retconning Legends makes sense for a lot of reasons, namely 6
Applying auteur theory to gaming
2"His name is on the game, this certainly means he is a tyrannical dictator who took all the credit for himself while the studios implored for his mercy and he killed them all afterwards!"
4why is Cotm the best?
Its pretty sad there's been so much shitposting about Bloodstained lately.
6It's got all the signs of a piece of shit in the making.Washed up industry veteran begging for money on Kickstarter with nothing but his old cred from the one game/series that people have heavy nostalgia for just so that he can rehash the only thing he's known for.Emphasis on pixel art on the Kickstarter page.Obnoxiously egotistical overproduced video to beg for money that shows absolutely nothing but a few scraps of concept art and nothing else to actually show on the rest of the Kickstarter page besides a few screen mock ups.What little is shown is boring anime shit, lacking the sharp sense of style that Castlevania has had for much of its history.The Risks and Challenges section on the Kickstarter page is several paragraphs of bullshit that boils down to "don't worry, bros, we're cool, you can trust us" written in an embarassingly unprofessional style for the one part of the Kickstarter page that should really be serious no matter what. They don't appear to be taking accountability or reliability seriously at all.The game is going to be a piece of shit.
What button to make the girls lez out yadda yadda yadda.
6That is one of the best VG songs of all time considering the quality and that it came out of fucking game boy.
0Is this a pasta? This looks like a pasta.
3Probably hates Order of Ecclesia for "boring anime shit lacking the sharp sense of style that Castlevania has had for much of its history", too.
4I know Sony made the NES and SNES soundchips, but the GBA was right when they had their falling out I think so they might not have made it.
5Dude, I fucking love HoD
, 
We did it bros. We did it, my eyes are tearing up right now.ONLY 88 days until the greatest video game of all time, Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, will release.How does this make you feel /v/?
Calm down there, slick.
We did itDid what? Waited patiently for a short time period?
4Implying I can handle the rest of this wait
Did the travelling Anon !xlO4vwtlmc ever come back? I checked the archive but his last post was him saying he needed some sleep. Is he dead?
/pol/ killed him, just like the mexicans
, 
, 
, 
So wait, when did Witcher have a wife?How did he get a daughter?I thought he was sterile.
0It's from the books, he'd been with Yen for a long time, also, Ciri isn't his daughter, she's the Princess of Cintra, this is all explained in EVERY Witcher game.1, 2, and 3, retard.
2Why does she look so much like Witcher, then?
0daughterAdopted daughterwifeAdopted wife
9adopted wife
he becomes fertile
9Adopted wifeMore like enchanted, with all the djinni thing.
Who do you want for the other classes?I want:WarlockNiby the almighty or Wilfred FizzlebangHunterAlleriaPriestTyrandeMageKhadgarDruidZen'kikiPaladinMaraadShamanHamuul RunetotemRogueMatthias Shaw or Garona
5PriestTyrande She's a hunter if anything. Priestess of the Moon is just a title.
1She is a priest/hunter hybrid if anything
skinsliterally cancer
7Then don't buy them and let the people who like them have fun in this otherwise FREE GAME
5no, kill yourself back to /vg/ with this casual babby shit you stupid drone faggot
2Thank you for bumping my thread
8What the fuck is up with all this new? You are like the fifth faggot who thanks me, funny thing is I never bumped any of their threads. You are on page 8, learn to use the internet.
I'd like Varian as Warrior
5Searing Arrow fits hunter theme Trueshot Aurafits hunter themeOwl Scout fits hunter themeStarfall Druid spell Hunter/Druid hybrid if anything.
7You lead a sad life, bro.You spend so much energy to "bomb" my thread. Makes you wonder if that's your only goal today.
5ShamanHamuul RunetotemHamuul would be the druid representative retard.Also it wouldn't be 2 horde heroes, if this is any indication they'd like to represent both factions ex: Magni VS Garrosh
6You spend so much energy to "bomb" my thread.What?
7funny thing is I never bumped any of their threads
0You're talking WC3. In wow she is depicted as priest
Didn't know about this, I think I like Golden Garrosh more though
0starfall was a priest spell at first, only became a druid spell later on
32In WoW classes don't work as they should.A good example is the Tauren Paladin, they aren't actually paladins, but they're sun walkers.They still use the light's power but differently than paladins, but since balancing tons of classes and having different classes per race was too much for WoW they just named them paladins and gave them the same skills of the human paladins, just like every other paladin in the game.They did the same thing with starfall.
2that was star shards, not star fall
0In HotS she has light of elune which is basically binding heal. She's in kind of a weird place class wise, but there's definitely priest in there.
...wait so thats it? skins? why call them heroes instead of just skins? lol i got excited for a second until i read the "a new warrior hero" shitstain part of the description... thanks...? Cant really say anything made me expect more from fucking blizzard though.
0What i don't get is why they equalized belf and alliance paladins.Belf paladins used to have differently named seals and stuffThey could allow different... skins if you want to call it that
5it was inspired by the WC3 starfall however
0talk about having no fucking clue about anything
1Too much work I suppose, if they changed the belf paladin they should have changed tauren paladins as well. The same applies for troll priests and other classes.There is a glyph that makes one of your seals a blood seal, but everyone can use it.
0which is hilarious considering the nelf healing hero was the druid
1Don't you see that this is big? were getting new heroes finnaly, they're gonna look different and gonna add more diversity to the meta, if you cant have fun with the fact that were gonna see a completely new and innovative change to hearthstone for just a little but of your money then you must be some unhappy motherfucker, get out of this thread.
7How do cosmetic skins that don't add anything to the gameplay 'innovate change' or 'diversify the meta'?
3shut up shill, you cant even see what's going on.
1Every race used to have a different priest skill as well.
1Clearly
8nowadays even buffs are so generalized every buff type can be used by 4 separate classes
realtalk tho if theyre going for opposite faction shitdruid - runetotemhunter - hemetmage - kael'thaspaladin - liadrinpriest - id say vol'jin but he's a card. are there even any other notable horde priests?rogue - matthias shawshaman - nobundowarlock - uhhh??? does medivh count or was he more of a mage?
8and this was completely broken because guilds demands you played a dwarf.As for Hearthstone, I'd love to see more hero skins.
5Varian is shit, Metzen has no idea what to do with the alliance.
031derailing a threadbeing a shillhating on a game for adding good content that impacts and changes the game for the betterShills.
9no the problem is he has a perfect idea what to do with the alliancebe supporting characters/villains to thrall and his horde
3I think it's a joke friend
0Why? I never played Alliance, but didn't Dwarfs just get a self-heal?
9Hemet is a card too
9shaman - nobundoalliance literally has no good shamans.
3fear ward
When are they going to finally add Arthas as the new DK class hero?They're obviously saving him for the role, why don't they get off their asses and add him. Is it that hard to add a new hero? The meta is already in the toilet anyway so why not shake it up with a new hero?
Khadgar obviously for Mage. He's a true champ.
why would they have alliance repeats their probably gonna have horde/ally for all classes
5if anything that big is being dropped, it'll be at Blizzcon
KAEL'THAS AS MAGE OR BUST
9...good point, anyone know a decent alliance warlock? really other than that one trifling gnome I can't think of anyone
0Most likely we'll see heroes that have a much more significant faction allegiance first before we get Kael.He could be a special exception though, something like Valeera which also has an interesting faction allegiance so i guess anything goes really.
4Notice how Kael is not a card yet. Even though he's a fan favourite.I think it's guaranteed that we'll get Kael as a hero skin.
05Also same thing for Maiev for rogue.Maiev or bust.
0KAEL'THASnot Khadgarpleb
0It'll be Garona. I'm honestly surprised she wasn't the original rogue. Why would they go with Valeera? the fuck reads the comics anyway?
4Gul'dan doesn't really belong to a faction, now does he? You could argue that he once belonged to the original Horde or the Iron Horde, but those are different factions from where let's say Thrall and Rexxar belong to and Grommash was part of Thralls Horde at one point.
$10Is Blizzard fucking serious
2maybe the point was to try and get people to read the comics?
5I want other classes.
32Nope.Both Khadgar and Garona are pretty much "literally whos" compared to Kael and Maiev. The amount of nerdgasms with Kael and Maiev's releases will be boundless. It will be a much better marketting strategy for blizz to go with Kael and Maiev than those twoNot to mention a smarter move since I'd much rather see Kael and Maiev.
how the fuck are you all okay with this? after all this fucking time they shit a huge turd called hero skins and call them new heroes, i know i am not okay with this, i apparently for one am pretty fucking pissed at this shit, i wanted hearthstone to get new heroes for a long time and then this piece of shit comes out to take its place, i am disgusted, and you guys arent helping wit hall this "hype" on who the next revealed piece of steamy shit is gonna be. Blizzard is so fucking nasty to me now man, i played hearthstone when it came out and seeing it "evolve" is getting really fucking nasty, but alas its time to say goodbye to this dead fucking moneygrabbing franchise, after opening over 300 packs and not getting a single legendary or a fucking decent epic rare i am done playing this fucking stupid game. have fun.god damn.
9you forget, Blizz only caters to newfags, and Khadgar is front and center in WoD
5Are there new heroes now or somethign?Wtf?
MMORPGS are dead.MMOs are still alive - WoW and their clones. But they are shit. An MMO focuses solely on combat mechanics + getting loot.A MMO RPG makes a world simulation, where players have deities they can choose, factions they can align themselves to, no fast travel.. it is an attemp to make a game where people act as their characters, like in a game such as Morrowind, but online, not just single player RPG.Everquest 1 was the last attempt in making an MMORPG. It was released in 98/99. Everquest 1 even let you say play an "orc" who betrays the horde and goes live with the alliance, in WoW terms. That is simply UNTHINKABLE for modern MMO designers.The world has gone 15 years without anyone trying to make an MMORPG anymore.Is there even a reason to live?Who will bring MMORPG back? And when?
I'd rather a game focus on entertaining me with gameplay rather than some choose your own adventure bullshit.
6what does this have to do with anything. What a retarded commentAre you trying to say you don't like RPGs? Great then
8a game is only a game if I say so
7some people here are so young they can't even understand the point this thread makes.They can't grasp the concept of MMOs that aren't make a "toon", get loot
Give me more background to this "orc" thing.Cause the way you say it doesn't make sense because if an orc tried to join the alliance that would be like being in 1790 and seeing a nigger walking around in a suit. Perfectly good reason its unthinkable.
7Give me more background to this "orc" thing.In everquest 1, every enemy you killed tilted your faction standings. Even animals. Ranger/Druid characters would not be attacked by animals, but if you started attacking them they would eventually attack you on sight.So you could make say a dark elf, and go kill the enemies of the wood elves. Do that long enough, and you become trusted and can enter their cities and live among them.Trying to get back to your original city would get you attacked on sight
4I'm saying the focus for a game should always be gameplay. Have you ever played everquest 1? Shit is for the fucking birds. It takes forever to level which some people take as a badge of pride, for some reason. If I had to choose killing skeletons for 30 hours or doing quests/dungeons in a themepark MMO there's no question which i'd rather have, no matter how 'deep' your character can be.
Implying Skyrim has any meaningful degree of focus on character-building either
2Ok but you gotta admit this doesn't make much sense. I mean druid makes sense they're all magical and shit, but how the hell are random people suppossed to just know "oh yeah, he's cool"I mean even if your deeds are famous think again to my nigger comment, what's to stop someone from attacking you who's racist? The law is gonna look the other way.I'm just nitpicking though, it's kinda cool.
8no fast travelAre you one of those faggots who wants to walk for 10 minutes across the same scenery you've seen a dozen times? Even Asheron's Call, one of the oldest MMOs, had fucking portals.
7A game only belongs to a genre if it fits the definition of that genre. Read the OP before posting.
8If only what they define as Role Playing Games didn't have shit gameplay.
1but how the hell are random people suppossed to just know "oh yeah, he's cool"Some things you can't make. It would require artificial intelligence to say "I can vouche for this guy, I was there when we killed our orc enemies together", and have NPCs and shit know that.So in a game you have a faction bar that does that.  what's to stop someone from attacking you who's racist?Nothing should stop it, it would even be interesting. But it has to have consequences, which is something MMos don't have.You kill someone, he respawns, you kill again. Maybe in some games you become a "thief" that can be killed by other players, but then you go back to town as if nothing happened.This is anti MMO RPG behavior
4Are you one of those faggots who wants to walk for 10 minutes across the same scenery you've seen a dozen times?Yes. You shouldn't be travelling all the fucking time anywayAnd you can only have fun war in a game if ti takes long to travel. Otherwise:oh hur dur lets attac our enemieswe died and respawned 2 minutes away, 40 seconds away with our mountsattack againCan't work that way. But if takes you 30 minutes, 1 hour to go from a place to another, then war between players becomes meningful in the game
3No, it becomes boring, and people stop playing the game because it takes too long to get to the actual fun stuff.
8Sounds like such a shit game idea. I play mmos for the satisfaction that making my toon better gives me. And those succesful loot rolls.If I could play wow on my iPad, I wouldnt touch any other game.
0no, you faggot.Fun is "subjective". God dammit in 2011 /v/ saying something was "fun" actually created a shitstorm here.You want to just log on and start killing some dumb npcs, you don't like RPGs. Most people don't.For people like me, the fun is in taking time to travel places
2This is selling me on trying EQ out finallyIs that in EQ2 too? I dunno what I should pick up
3I can't tell if this guy is for real or just pretending.MMO RPGS are dead because only me and maybe 3 other guys still care about them
1Your definition of RPG doesn't really matter so I don't care to argue about that. I will continue to say it's a dumb idea because most like 90% of people will just get annoyed with taking 30 minutes to get to the fight.But go ahead make a game like that, see how long it takes before you start bleeding money because no one wants to play.
1I have a job and wife and shit. i havent got the time to spend on all that travelling. Maybe if it was f2p and I could buy portals with real cash.
0Everquest 2 was actually completely changed to be more like wow, itÂ´s a failed productEverquest 1 can be played for free today, the combat is still great, but the things that made it more RPG like are goneyou can just run away from combat now and outrun enemies, you couldn't in the past. You died a lot from mistakestravel is instantaneous everywhereold zones are kinda dead. People go to the 1 popular beginner zone and traditional race towns are emptyYou can give it a shot though, itÂ´s free.The thing is, EQ1 was 99's attempt at an MMO RPG. It was and still is fun to play, the RPG stuff was good but could be better and should have been bettered with time.Instead, even EQ1 overtime became more lke the wow formula, and the RPG aspects of it were denied instead of improved uponIf we had consistent MMO RPGs for these past 15 years, we would have some pretty advanced rpg feautres for hte mmos
2But go ahead make a game like that, see how long it takes before you start bleeding money because no one wants to play.As a game designer I will somedayItÂ´s about making the game on the proper budget. Look at eve online. It has a lot of sandbox features that take it a little closer to being an RPG. 99% of people hate it, yet the 1% that love it are so passionate they kept the game alive for years
8The reason everquest was ever popular was because it was one of the first. If the game released now, even with updated graphics, it would fail so hard it would make Wildstar look like WoW.
8As a game designer I will somedayWell that explains a lot.
1You want to just log on and start killing some dumb npcs, you don't like RPGs. Most people don't.For people like me, the fun is in taking time to travel placesBiggest load of bullshit I have ever read. You have a severe case of unwarranted self-importance. Why do you think your opinion is the law of the land?If you like walking so fucking much, then go ahead and walk. No one is forcing you to use fast travel. But you seriously need to rein in your Aspergers and stop trying to force your own personal idea of what is fun and acceptable onto other people.
6If the game released now, even with updated graphics, it would fail so hardIt only "fails" if they spend more money than it gives them back. If they try to make something with AAA graphics, but with difficult combat that requires thinking and no instant gratification, it wouldn't work.But again, look at EvE. Most hiperactive teenagers hate it, but it does well. It has less players than wildstar probably, but it is a very successful title
6your insecurity and projections are showing anon
2Enjoy your small autistic fanbase.
8Just give up. No one wants a game like this any more.
8WhatÂ´s wrong with niche games again?This industry would be 100% better if all games were made to fit a niche, instead of trying to appeal to a broad audience and failing at everything hello oblivion/skyrim
an orc joining the alliance would be like a nigger joining the kkk
2No one wants a game like this any more.many people do. Many new people who are born do as well.There is a reason many of us don't touch console trash you know. The gameplay is boringWe are the minority, but so what?Some people like twilight and hollywood movies, some people like books that require more attention to read and movies that are more about explosions and predictable plots
8Maybe this is what RPGs meant 15 years ago, but definitions change. A word means what people think it means, and the majority have decided that an RPG is more or less any game with stats, equipment, leveling, and quests or a heavy story emphasis.
2i do because i am not a gay casual bitch
5this
3I'm telling you to enjoy your fucking small autistic fanbase what more do you want? I'm telling you to enjoy yourself I don't give half a shit if you fail or succeed. But no, you take it as some cue to get on a fucking highhorse.
9people can change the meaning of wordssure, when things are not civilizedThe video games industry is a fucking mess with no maturity, so you are right.In the future action games may become games like The walking dead where you just watch things for most of the times but sometimes you interact to shoot something or quicketime event
0Can I still do all that faction fuckery?Is there still a decent amount of exploration to be had for new players?Combat good? Was it made/changed with holy trinity in mind?All I really care about
0I'm telling you to enjoy yourselfcalls autisticpick one
8The only good MMORPG that ever came out was Darkfall Online.Too bad it was also the worst
9You can't enjoy yourself if you're autistic? The fuck?
5people here are so younglost all credibility right there. Go projecting elsewhere fgt
2Can I still do all that faction fuckery?YesItÂ´s a lot easier if you play an enchanter. He can cast illusions to become of another race, which will increase your faction standings to a pointOtherwise you'll have to prove yourself a lot moreI remember being a level 1 dark elf enchanter, going to the wood/high elf land. The journey was fucking hard but I knew the safe passages, probably died a few times though.When I got there, I had to give money to people to go to the high elf city and buy me some illusion spells before I could do things myselfTrying to move to another faction is hard at the very beginning, which is why most people didn't do it. But doing was so fucking rewardingI was the only dark elf at the wood/high elf cities back in 99 when the game was at its peak, everyone stared at me.Some new players even fully stopped to realize what the fuck I was
8No shitBoth labels on your picture are artificially made, a social construct. They can have any meaning, depending on what the person desires.
1I was the only dark elf at the wood/high elf cities back in 99 when the game was at its peak, everyone stared at me.Ah... I get why you're so upset now. You're sad you can't be a super special snowflake, now.
7People change the meaning of words all the time. A hundred years ago if you said faggot everyone would assume you were talking about the kindling you just gathered.
8I understand the point you're making about how older mmos simulated worlds, but people are going to ignore it because you open with semantically trying to label games like WoW as not rpgs. WoW is absolutely an rpg, just not the kind you like.
2claims anyone that disagrees is a childcant even spell
8As a game designer I will somedayCould you please make a blog I can follow? I'd love to see that trainwreck.
4Wow, total lack of a rebuttal. I guess that is your way of admitting I am right. Sorry for embarrassing you on the internet. It had to be done.
1You're sad you can't be a super special snowflake, now.your epic meme aside, you are right. The point of MMOs and MMO RPGs is to make people unique, to have lots of customization. Especially on an MMO RPG, our personality, our decisions should factor a lot in making us different from other charactersThis is what Table top RPG is about, defining your character through its unique actions and history. Computers have been trying to recreate that experience, but most failedI'm not a tabletop person, but I did play it a lot between my 11-12 years of age
6WoW is absolutely an rpgWoW is absolute not an rpgRPG = roleplaying gameYou don't play a role in wow. In b4 everygame is a roleplaying game because on mario you play the role of marioTaking control of a 3D character != roleplaying the characterWoW has no roleplaying features, thus it is not a RPG
8The point of MMOs and MMO RPGs is to make people unique, to have lots of customization. Lol no. That's not even remotely true. MMOs are about letting people play together, and MMORPGs integrate a familiar character building system.People only stared at you because they were wanted to be what you were and with enough time they will be, and you'll lose special snowflake status. There is nothing in the game design that makes anyone 'unique' except for a limitation on character name.
6Many of the most classic CRPGs have you playing less of a role than WoW.Dungeon Master, for example, has incredibly limited potential for 'playing a role' compared to WoW. Doesn't stop it from being one of the greatest RPGs ever made. Might and Magic is another series of note, far more concerned with looting, exploration and combat than it is with playing a role.You seem to be taking the literal definition of roleplay, and assuming that that is all an rpg is. RPGs are also about the rulesets and statistical character building that help to simulate a world. You also seem to be discounting the fact that people do roleplay in WoW.
6Many of the most classic CRPGs have you playing less of a role than WoW.pro tip: they aren't RPGs, they are CPGs
This is the dumbest fucking thread and anyone arguing it should feel bad. You know what games are what genre and nitpicking like a faggot makes you a faggot.
6CRPGs, also known as computer role playing games.role playing games.rpgs.
6see7
6RPGs are also about the rulesets and statistical character building that help to simulate a world.physics engines are RPGs nowcall of duty gearset and perks are RPG nowNo.RPG = role playing. Playing with the role of a character, making decisions for a character
6You also seem to be discounting the fact that people do roleplay in WoW.people can roleplay on call of duty if they wantDoes that make call of duty a roleplaying game?People roleplay on facebook and youtube comments, but the platforms are not build for that nor to support thatAnd video games require more than just make belief to be RPG, they need proper RPG features because games have graphics and interaction, not just make belief
4Playing with the role of a character, making decisions for a characterI hate to be this guy, but then every game is a role playing game to some extent. It's a definition that is so watered down it can be applied to anything.
4, they need proper RPG featuresPlease tell me what these 'proper rpg features' are, sensei
0you are free to present your arguments instead of personal attacksEither WoW is an RPG or it isn't, itÂ´s not free for all.If you want to call any game with character picking ,levels and gear, call of duty is now an RPG
1but then every game is a role playing game to some extent.To some extent, sure, why not?Is The Walking dead by telltale an action game? Yes. Sometimes you have to shoot things, or do quick time events, or react fast.Is calling TWD an action game full retard? Also yesNobody calls a kung fu action game that has one scary scene an horror movie, because then giving gender to things serves no purpose anymore. ItÂ´s just common sense
9So what is the correct metric by which to measure role playing, then?
0see4youre just talking in circles for the sake of it. I never made any personal attacks but you have to nearly every person that questioned youre reasoning. Youre just a fuckwad hypocrite.Feel free to present your arguement without childlike logic and projections and I may take you seriously but as it stands youre a joke sorry
7'proper rpg features'Faction systemsLetting the history of your character be available for others to read everquest 1 and neverwinter nights rpg did that, so people could check the background history of your character in gameBeing able to influence on the world's politics and economics. Let players be kings. The new vampire MMO by CPP was going to have that, some players would be able to play as vampire lords, rulers of other players vmapires. Becoming one would mean two things: you can get perma killed, but you could also perma kill other characters. That makes for some interesting in game relationships between factions. People may actually push for war or peace because it has true consequences for the gameplay. Too bad the game was canned.More enforced professions. You are not a warrior/herbalist/miner/weaponsmith. In a game designed for a more simulated world, weaponsmiths and shit wouldn't be great at combat, and wandering around would be dangerous and require guard players to do their job safeguarding peopleMaking enemies have a population. Players must choose where to fight npcs to push back enemies that are becoming too bigHaving the world change permanently by the actions of 1 or more players, with repercussions to themand more
1what's to stop someone from attacking you who's racist?Pretty much nothing.In EQ, there was one NPC in a friendly town who, due to some combination of my character's race, religion, class, or actions, would attack me on site any time I would walk near him. Nothing would stop him, although if I ran to a guard they would murder him for me. Or I could kill him myself if I chose to. Either way, any time I would walk into the bar he hung out at, this single pissed off NPC was something I had to take into consideration.
8WHY THE FUCK DOES PEOPLE HAVE TO BE SO GODDAMN AUTISTIC.IT'S LIKE THE GODDAMN SANDBOXFAGS BITCHING THAT THEIR GODDAMN NICHE GENRE ISN'T PULLING MILLIONS EVEN IF SEVERAL SANDBOXES ALREADY CAME AND FLOPPED ON THE LAST YEARS
8Mass Effect is by that criteria, an RPG then, because the main driving focus of the games is character development through dialogue and choices you make.They fucked up on delivering some of the consequences of those choices in the 3rd game but the framework was there.
4So what is the correct metric by which to measure role playing, then?Constant focus on letting you express the personality of your character through actions and words, and the game reacting to your decisions
2No MMO will ever be like that, because it will be total shit.
8stop liking what I don't like
9There aren't even any videogames like that, save for maybe some text games. And those can barely be called games.
No more MMORPGSThey deserve a nice, peaceful death like the Beat 'em up.
7Mass Effect is by that criteria, an RPG then, because the main driving focus of the games is character development through dialogue and choices you make.I don't know, I think mass effect doesn't deliver on RPG. It doesn' have enoughImagine you no longer pick your character looks/sex in mass effect, and there are no equipment/stats.ItÂ´s a game where you play with a prefixed hero, and then the game moves on.You'll never level up, you'll never spend a point anywhere, you'll never change your equipment.Would you still call it a RPG because of the cutscenes with dialogue options?I guess you can call it an RPG, but it is shallow as fuck
2Faction systemsNot every RPG needs a faction system. Nice feature, though.Letting the history of your character be available for others to read everquest 1 and neverwinter nights rpg did that, so people could check the background history of your character in gameOnly applies to multiplayer games. A nice feature, but it doesn't define what an RPG is.Being able to influence on the world's politics and economics.Fair enough, that's not bad. But not all rpgs need to have that sort of scope. More enforced professionsThat's a nice one. Again, a preference rather than a core feature of an rpg. Making enemies have a population. Players must choose where to fight npcs to push back enemies that are becoming too bigThat's just one mechanic by which you can simulate a world.Having the world change permanently by the actions of 1 or more players, with repercussions to themAs above, a great way to simulate a world.None of these are core features that define whether or not a game is an RPG. 9Too qualitative to be a strict metric that we can use to define whether or not something is an RPG.
2Everybody has had that idea bro. People constantly talk about ideas for an MMO where the players get to create the whole world and hold positions of importance and all that shit. It's never gonna happen though, because it's stupidly difficult to have actually work. You can't have important characters just log off for a while, and the entire thing would fall to shit unless there's actually a large number of players consistantly. And who the fuck wants to spend time in an MMO sitting in a single town in a single building doing crafting shit? What's the point in blacksmithing in a game if you can't even use the shit yourself. Everyone will want to be an adventurous warrior anyway.
97Or rather, is The walking dead a RPG? You are constantly picking dialogue options are you not?Or is it an interactive story?I think we need to make a distinction between RPG and interactive storyRPG comes from table top, which gives you 100% freedom to play your actions. Some games try to emulate that by giving lots of freedom, like you can kill anyone even big plot characters in morrowind, but itÂ´s never enough freedom because games are very limited.Maybe mass effect is just an interactive story
8Why aren't you playing MUDs? If you like Everquest so much and *clearly* want to be a game designer you read about the history of EQ and how it's descended from MUDs right? MUDs are still alive and kicking and there's enough of them out there that you don't need to look for New Everquest to come out, just play the real thing that EQ was trying to simulate.Are you just so young and weak minded you can't even understand a game unless it panders to you with 3D graphix?2Combat good? Was it made/changed with holy trinity in mind?Combat in Everquest is trash. Pure, unfiltered trash. Everything you do had a skill tied to it which you had to grind up, think Morrowind but slower. Literally every single action in EQ was a potential time sink because if you wanted to do it with any degree of success you had to grind that shit out.During raids Warriors would watch a movie or some shit while going through their taunt rotations because they had literally nothing else to do. EQ combat is just turn on auto-attack and go through your rotations. Pretty much every aspect of EQ is a chore
2it would be a dream to many peopleItÂ´s the game many of us have been dreaming to play since 99
1promoting youre kikestarter on cuckchanfuck off
1peaceful death like the Beat 'em up.was just released, not sure if it is good
9being this new
9its always been ok to advertise on cuckchan
8Exactly, but there's a reason that it's never been made.
8MMORPGs are dead but the whole "x game was the last or greatest" thing is pretty retarded. There are attempts but they'll never get off the ground because well people don't want that nowadays. Sad truth that most people don't want MMORPGs they just want single player MMos.
0Because we can't have nice things?
9pffttthahahahaha I love it when newfags are outed
7Because it could never be executed well.
What most people ignore when they complain about 'modern' MMOs/RPGs is that those games didn't evolve to their current state because all devs are retarded. They observe player behavior and complaints and demands, especially easy to do so with online games. And they may make some bad calls, but overall they base their design choices on what they think the players will want/like because believe it or not, they want to sell their games.With MMOs, a lot of people don't want to get forced into roleplaying and social interaction. They complain about imbalances between races and classes and demand fast progression but at the same time they want infinite content, how could you possibly pander to all those needs?As a result, games get streamlined to a point where nothing matters anymore and of course people aren't happy with those either.
96samefagging kek
8Why aren't you playing MUDs?Used to but was never very big on them. I like games with more mechanics to the combat than muds offer.*clearly* want to be a game designer I've worked for 3 years in a big studio, and have been making games myself for a few years, but nothing big. Are you just so young and weak minded you can't even understand a game unless it panders to you with 3D graphix?"I'll throw some insults that make no sense and that OP never implied anything even related to them"Combat in Everquest is trash. Pure, unfiltered trash.I love it. I made someone play everquest a while ago, a wow fan, and the person was addicted to the combat in eq1. . Everything you do had a skill tied to it Then why did people die so much in that game against simple NPCs compared to any other mmo out there?complaining about warrior in eqit was shit, I even remember chatting with warriors that said how much playing their class was boring with nothing to press. Compare it to playing an enchanter now
9it's more character driven than stat driven though that's for sure, in fact Mass Effect 2 has almost no "character progression" stat wise, and Mass Effect 3 has some but not nearly as much as Mass Effect 1 which does have more stats on gear and more level progression, despite it not really being the focus of the game.It also doesn't have a fixed hero, you do have a customizable option, and you have background options which provide different quests and chances for character development as a person not in stats, and they may affect things later depending on your choices. The entire point of Mass Effect is making decisions mostly through dialogue, those choices affect NPC deaths, hell, squadmate deaths, permanently in some cases either Ashley or Kaiden gets left on a planet to be nuked, permanently, and most of the cast of Mass Effect 2 can die permanently in the last mission, your alignment determined by choices can give alternate options in dialogue, and some of them can be pretty hard to get like convincing Saren to shoot himself in the head.The only thing fixed is the fact that everyone calls you "Commander Shepard" and that is because of a limitation in voice acting. Voice acting can enhance the immersion of a game incredibly, but it does have the limitation when it comes to not being able to do custom names.
2it happened
9heÂ´s never heard of hooker bots guythis is from what, 2011?
8It's all about gameplay.If you want a story read a book.
4kickstarter says 2012 but he made a couple of them iirc so maybe 2011
0but there's a reason that it's never been made.The same reason AAA studios make games that are dumbed down, easy and simple to play.The audience of video games changed for big studios.EQ at its peak had what, 1 million players? People didn't play video games back then as they do now with modern easy gaming. It was a different audience of actual nerds that grew up playing table top rpgs and Ultima
0 MMOs,a lot of people don't want to get forced into and social interaction.Why play a mmo then?
8mmorpg are only exactly what i say they are therefore eq was the last mmorpg because its the only one that fits the definition i pulled out of my ass.Yeah buddy, its its not an rpg if you cant pick a god. good argument.
3Why play a mmo then?because your real life friends play it and you play with themModern MMOs like wow are like facebook. They are not designed for you to meet and become friends with new people.
4they need proper RPG featuresWorthless/junk items with funny names and/or graphics, animated emotions/reactions/dances, tons of cosmetic gear for various occasions, text chat on top of that. And people use all of those for their idea of roleplaying. I don't quite understand what else you demand for.
0I like games with more mechanics to the combat than muds offer.How can you hold this opinion yet like EQ at the same time? It's literally just a dumbed down mud with 3D graphics."I'll throw some insults that make no sense and that OP never implied anything even related to them"What other reason would there be to play a dumbed down mud?I love it. I made someone play everquest a while ago, a wow fan, and the person was addicted to the combat in eq1You love shit, no wonder why you like EQ so much.Then why did people die so much in that game against simple NPCs compared to any other mmo out there?Wait, are you trying to argue that EQ was hard because people weren't willing to sit down and grind everything up? There's nothing to EQ but grinding. Playing Progress Quest is better than playing EQ
5give me some muds where you have at least 10 spells to choose from, including things like crowd controlling, and it would interest me
5EQ was hard becauseEQ was hard because you couldn't outrun enemies, and most fights against creatures of your own level left you with almost no HP if you were melee, or little mana if you were rangedGame kept your heart beating constantly when you started a fight
8Not that guy, and I agree with your concerns. But that kind of idea seems to work great for Eve Online, for example. I don't play it myself, buf from what I understand it lives from it's player-based economy and faction politics.Some new MMO or rather sequel of an older one, was it Everquest? is going to have a voxel engine with supposedly 'true' player housing and even landscaping and I wonder what will come from that. Could be pretty cool, after everybody is done with erecting giant penis monuments.
7the main driving focus of the games is character development through dialogue and choices you makeYet you go through almost the exact same series of events regardless of the decisions you make.
4aetoliahref="#p297033047" class="quotelink"7EQ was hard because you couldn't outrun enemiesWhat, you didn't ERP for free SoWs? Kiting was also possible if you had a ranged weapon but pet classes had the best quality of life. You aren't supposed to fight off creatures of your own level solo though, just fight through blues to grind your skills up and sell whatever trash you find.It's actually kind of crazy how fast partying accelerated your XP compared to solo
8s going to have a voxel engine with supposedly 'true' player housing and even landscapingThat is everquest next, however, players won't have the freedom to build anything they want. There is a separate product called Everquest Landmark, which is a world builder/mini game on its own.Some objects from landmark will be imported to the game by devs that is all.And if someone makes penis shaped buildings in town in a proper MMO RPG, the government and rulers of a town should be able to banish that person from building stuff there again, just likeit would happen in the real worldA simple mechanic would be that the king/ruler elects which players can build something in areas of the kingdom, and everyone else is forbid to do it by the system
8Major problem EVE has run into is no effective way to implement a financial services industry. There's no way to have any meaningful line of credit, and all attempts at establishing any sort of banking system have just been scams. As a result, corporations/alliances get unwieldy and become full-time jobs for the leaders just due to all the minutiae of manually managing all the finances of a large organization imagine trying to process a payroll one person at a time for a thousand person strong alliance.This leads to a lot of burnout because it's a second job; and not even in the hey I have to play for 40 hrs a week, but in the I have to spend 40 hours in excel to manage my corporation kind of second job.
8And if someone makes penis shaped buildings in town in a proper MMO RPG, the government and rulers of a town should be able to banish that person from building stuff there again, just likeit would happen in the real worldThere isn't a Lego mmo with building because hiring enough people to go on penis patrol 24/7 is too costly
1but unless I'm mistaken, those all look like passive skills, not active skills you pick during combatfree SoWs?I used to play a druid even. SoW didn't save you all the time. Usually it was like thisyou are at 35% healthenemy is at 30% healthfuck, if I run now with SOW I'll be ok, but I'll lose this kill.but If I fight him longer, eventually I'll be crippled and can't outrunThen it was down to luck and skill.A few misses, and you wouldn't be able to run anymore and the enemy would have more health, ripIf you figured out you'd generate enough mana/had skills to defuse the situation, you'd risk the fight till the end and make out alive even if you couldn't kill it
8meanwhile at minecraft and spore
1lol, that's absurd
8What I don't understand is why they didn't just have kid and +18 servers and only implement the penis patrol on the kid servers.
0For the most part, it just affects characters not events, but it may get you out of a fight here and there, and it may result in a faction being recruitable for the final battle in 3, which just boosts a stat, and that stat determines just how fucked up everything gets in the red ending yes I too hate how ME3 did endings
1This would probably be an option if the Lego brand wasn't one trusted by parents.
8Everquest 1 was the last attempt in making an MMORPG. It was released in 98/99. Everquest 1 even let you say play an "orc" who betrays the horde and goes live with the alliance, in WoW terms. That is simply UNTHINKABLE for modern MMO designers.But that wouldn't make any fucking sense, lore-wise.
8Oh put a dick in it. There was Dark Age of Camelot, and regardless of what WoW became, vanilla WoW was a fantastic world sim.
7because?
8I did. Did you read the part where OP made up his own definition?What is FFXISounds like an MMORPG to me, OP. Even with your stupid arbitrary requirements.
3When I started WoW, I didn't care much for the multiplayer aspect for a long time. I just wanted a big world to explore and kill a lot of monsters. And my first group and dungeon experiences sucked because pre-dungeon-finder you either spent endless time looking for tank or healer or both or ended up with some faggot and his high level friend who would pull you through so fast that it wasn't fun either. So with my first character I hit max level mostly through solo grinding and questing.
If I don't like it its shit the threadWe won't see true mmorpgs or even rpgs for a long time, no one wants to invest in a story about a character they play, a character that is them. They don't want to run an item shop or just be a simple farmer, they don't want to be the quest giver hoping to get help for their town. People want that instant gratification from killing something, from getting experience or some for of item or money from killing things or talking to stuff. Only real way I could see these ideas truely taking off again is if VR takes off to the point where "cyber space" becomes another world, make an mmo in there and give the players the jobs of npcs, this could even be used as a learning experience but doubt any of it will happen, more then likely to die, someone to hurl a fit and say its oppressing us and some how devolve to the point where our race dies out.
2or ended up with some faggot and his high level friend who would pull you through so fast that it wasn't fun either.Which expansion? I don't remember this ever happening.
5but what is even the issue with kids seeing penises? I've seriously never understood it. I was already drawing penises when I was 7, infact most kids in my school did, and none of us thought it was weird. I just never got the whole "protect the children from the filthy penises!" thing, you know? What harm has a penis ever done to a child?
0clearly what needs to be done is an mmo without violence8america
3clearly what needs to be done is an mmo without violencelike Animal Crossing?I've never played it but I don't think it had much violence
0They don't want to run an item shop or just be a simple farmerBullshit. A lot people would do exactly that. As an example, Fallen Earth is a Fallout-style MMO with heavy focus on 'realistic' crafting. Meaning pretty much anything was crafted by yourself or other players, some resources were notoriously hard to acquire, and on top of that crafting took a significant amount of time, so trading with others was highly encouraged. And people loved it. Even without it being an official feature, they put up item shops in empty houses or sold ammo and gear out of the back of their cars along the roads leaving town and shit like that.
2So with my first character I hit max level mostly through solo grinding and questing.Me too.I mostly played for myself, but that had much to do with my inability to chat fluently enough with people to e-friend them.
0They don't want to be a simple farmerFarmville was rather successful though
3I started during BC, a while before they added Sunwell.
3There's an exploration based MMO being released soon.
Name the one video game, when mentioned, that gets the most replies.I will bid Mass Effect 3.
Gone Home
Fallout 4 and its shitty graphics.
2God SJWs are the cancer killing /v/. Stop shilling your fucking movie so hard.
ORAS has already shit an entire board.
Mass Effect 1 was the best ME game.Removing features != fixing themMass Effect 3 was an abomination that I uninstalled after 10 minutes even though I finished the previous games multiple times.Combat is hilariously broken in all 3 games which makes you basically invincible even on the highest difficulty.
Dark Souls is shit.3..2...1
find a flaw
Splatoon with the squid kids and such.
Dungeon Keeper
1
you know i was thinking about the ending the other day and i kind of understand what they were going for. how come people pretend the ending is even remotely close to being the worst aspect of those games? planet exploring could have been incredible but it was fucking horrible and all you did was go into the exact same coply pasted dungeons with the exact same enemy placements over and over again, then instead of making it better they completely removed exploration and the few rpg mechanics that were there. fuck this series
0whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! "You Enwar!" whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff! whiff!
3I'M HORNY
0
2Super Smash Bros.
Splatoon
2see1
Did anyone else but me grow up with a varied video game selection affecting their lives?Raped by biological fatherUncle on Mom's side is a God sendShows me Soul ReaverFF7MGSHe is to young to take custody, despite being only in high school he teaches me the way to be a real man through video games Would take me out on trips as much as he could to get away from the houseComfy Uncle who would let me watch him play the original Resident Evil and be scared with himI miss my Uncle.
you sure he wasnt raping you too after you fell asleep watching the MGS movies?
1Na, he was the one dude in my life who was solid. Mom had rape PTSD, on her side he realized what was happening and was a solid vidya bro.
5if you played MGS you had more than one guy in your life who was solidBAZINGA
9hehI've been playing MGS since he showed it me. I became FDNY using him as a mental motivator for of the way. 
1you on good terms with your mom? Must have been a really shitty person to not be able to identify a pedophilic rapist before having a fucking baby with him.Let me guess, american?
7American. After my mom discovered that both my sister and I were raped, we moved. My uncle took on the role of a father figure in the most genuine way. He'd tell my mom to fuck off and sit me down to watch the more serious points in Silent Hill, FF7-8, and Soul Reaver. Smart dude, he realized that he couldn't teach me much as a kid, because he himself didn't know much, but, he did the best he could.
3Sorry about that,man. What happened to him?
3No, you dont get what I'm saying. Pedophilic rapists who would rape their own fucking kid have red flags. Red flags identifiable on the first date. If your mom was so out of it mentally im guessing she was a drug addict or something that she couldnt pick up on them she's a piece of shit.Has she apologized for letting this happen to you? Has she paid for your therapy? You are talking about getting raped in the context of video games making them better. That's a seriously traumatic thing you need to get sorted out.
2He's still alive, lives on a farm. He's basically the dad from Fight Club that I call every time a major event happens.get marriedgo to collegeexc.He loves his live and I accept what he knows. He is legit the proto hipster.
onlineMost casual game ever made le beat bosses with friends ;  lmaoofflineGives a real challenge
i always wondered what that icon was, thanks op
you can still summon offline
nice thread
0agreed. I always play hallowed, then use my saved humanities to start invading once Im dont with the games bosses.always done it in every souls game. Playthrough 2 I might actually give a fuck about npc questlines, but playthrough 1 is always the solo one fer me.
2implying any npc other than maybe iron tarkus is useful.
"Hey bro! Dark SOULS is SOOPER EZ!" "Dark sools being hard iz a meme!"Did you use a guide?Did you summon?Did you use a "Meta" cookiecutter build in addition to the walkthroughs"Uhh... uhhh u just mad because Im le really gud. gitgudgitgudgitgud!"Seriously, I fucking hate the entirety of the casual scum that bastardizes games with their fucking handholding shit.I legit found crap like the fire atop sens fortress only AFTER beating iron golem with no summon help, and I didnt even care about shit casuals say is a necessity, like that ring people whine about needing.
5Dark souls 1 Tarkus is a Fucking GodDark Souls 2 Although not nearly as bad ass and amazing. Ashen Knight Boyd helps a lot with Freja and Jester Thomas incinerates Mytha and later on invades you in a DLC to taunt you before and after completely destroying you.Also Maldron is God
8I legit found crap like the fire atop sens fortress only AFTER beating iron golemthat shit was fucking bullshitI had to look it up after completing the area because it seemed odd to not have a bonfire in such a big area
Some summons are pretty cool though. Second time against Drake &Josh I called Solaire. Same for Manus and Sif. I've already done it once, might as well bro up for the cool factor.
8Oh yeah the whole summoning baby sif thing was badass
4fucking Iron Tarkus.Also, I always thought Felicia the fuckin Strong was great to clear the areas.Beating darklurker Melee only, using only a Drakekeepers warpick, shall remain one of my best memories of DaS2
8holy fuck thisguys I just beat O+S first try, are they meant to be ez :/did you summon? what SL were you? did you read a guidelol I don't care about your arbitrary restrictions
8summon Sif for ManusSif gets rektkill Manus
5I found the cage key and the bonfire, as well as that shitty iron ring thing, LEGIT, with no guide, fuckin hours m8.I wouldnt trade those hours for the world though, boyo. the sense of achievement made it worth it.
0Felicia saves so many asses in shrine of amana but they removed her from that hut in sotfsBeating dark lurker for the first time Wil always be a memory dude especially if she ends up Fucking splitting
5Meat shields are always useful you dumb fuck. How you ever played any RPG before?
3iron Tarkus legit kills the boss FOR you.Most other npcs, just cower behind their shields and are just their for building agro to take a little heat of your casual ass.Its actually counter-intuitive, because you build less skill at memorizing boss patterns when aggro is off you and you can just R1 spam 2 win.in DaS2, Npcs are So useless, with the exception of Felicia and Jester Thomas.Especially if you are attempting to clear their questlines to get their armor.
2WHAT FUCKING CAGE KEYI really shouldn't have taken the masterkey on my first playthrough
7Jesus Fucking Christ I never picked master key first playthroughBlighttown Fucking destroyed me
3useful at keeping you from developing ANY skill for yourself, maybe.But seriously, no NPC can compete with... Taaaaaaarkus!!
0I decided to use a Dex build to give it extra challenge. Boy is it. I ain't found shit to use that doesn't cause me to fat roll other than my starting shit and I'm already at Blight Town.
9Yup, that's dex for you, Takes skill. Can't just any old strength weapon.
9Getting the great scythe at the beginning is kind of easy is you run for it and die some times getting the bridges
02 here,So, I chose pendent on my first playthrough.Blighttown was a triple roodypoo.however Sens was always worse.I legitimately completed the whole game, with absolutely no guide, no summoning.I dont know why people complain about the swamp under blighttown. Its not a fucking issue.My first time through, I cleared the zone without even noticing the bonfire in the swamp.Also, belfry gargoyles are shit easy if you upgrade your gear before going in, I mean, shit, theres a fucking blacksmith and a halberd drop nearby.the worst part was probably either tomb of giants for me, or my first time through anal rodeo.
0i went blind for my first playthrough and went the normal way anyway even though I had the master keyblighttown wasn't really that hard but I kept diying at the end of the level because I couldn't find the exit
5the aI can't handle two characters so the other npc still gets agro from the boss. tarkus is exceptionally helpful but summoning at all is ezier mode
9you got the iaido yet? decent weapon. I was lucky enough to get Murakumo to drop from a giant skeleton in the graveyard at firelink shrine.just grind fer it bro, its worth it. Imo, Dex and str are at these odds.It takes forever to get a Dex build up and running, but its easy once you get the shit you need,STR is easymode early on, but you need real skill later on, since you only get one chance to strike some enemies with those oversized weapons.
1Ran like shit on consolesIt's fucking annoying to navigate if you don't have the rust ringThe poison is whatever as it does like nothing but holy shit those motherfuckers that make you toxic are goddamn assholes
0not summoning for every boss fight/area after you already went through the game solo onceCo-op in souls gives the games so much more replayability, however I recently bought the DaS2 re-release on Piss4 and I'm having trouble finding people to play with ~500,000 SL. Is it just because DaS2 isn't as linear as other souls games? I'm currently heading towards Freja.
8I fell off this tree branch bridge COUNTLESS times, getting my souls back, didnt have a guide and didnt know this way was a dead end.
3I never summon for boss fight unless I'm confident that I can trash them easily
Those toxic niggers in blighttown can shoot you out of visual rangeYou cant even hit them unless you're close enough for the model to load even if you know where they are
3yeah, the nonlinnearity will fuck with you down the paths to the four different great souls, but once you get to castle drangleic, co-op mode is so nice.I remember maxing my sun covenant in drangleic helping peopel while cosplayed as many different enemies.Ruin Sentinal a best cosplay, especially with drakekeepers warpick
8Why did tarkus have to die in such a stupid way?
16Once you eliminated the toxic fucks it wasnt bad. They even drop healing items for gettin rid of toxic.And they dont respawn.Stay close to cover
4I doubt any of the painting guardians killed him.so dying from a big fall from the rafters.....OH THE IRONY.
1Getting cover from something you can't even seeNah, fuck those toxic guys
1I hope so because fuck playing this game again solo, it just becomes a slog.
4not being able to see the HUGE trail of light behind the GLIMMERING throwing knife being thrown from a MILLION miles away.Also, if you move and KEEP moving with your shield up, you will NEVER be hit EVER.pls, anon.
4unironically using a shield
1Excactly my point.Be tarkusRaped everything inside semens's fortressWhopped the giant's assWhopped even more giant asses in anor londoSuddenly find the KKK headquartersWhite boys come at me ninja-styleohshitnigga.jpgSlap them with my giant black swordOn my way to fuck a giant qtTrip and die BRAVO TARKUSRAVOTARKUS
9Semen's fortressKekd
6you'll probably enjoy drangleic.EVERYONE gets bottled through there, and you get to fight around four different bosses from one bonfire. dragonriders, Water and defender, aldia, nasandra also, ruin sentinal slaying. Protip, when clearin ruin sentinals, use your shield then smack them while circling around.You can even break their poise with a big enough sword/hammer/club. Always keep circling around.
91DYING when you are UNDEADHow?
2Ask anyone but the chosen undead
5Have you played DaS1?you sound like you've only played daS2, where shields were useless.not using a shield in DaS1At the very least for having a fucking parrying implementunless parrying is 2hard4u
4you can parry with your handsshield is baby mode
97Are you high? DEX in Dark Souls 1 is the most OP shit ever compared to STR.Falchion, Painted Guardian Sword, Balder Side Sword, Great Scythe, Gold/Silver Tracers.Falchion and PGS in particular ruin PVP, and combined with buffs they're literally unbeatable and out DPS everything. STR weapons are much slower in DS1, and they don't stand a chance. Great Scythe does more damage than anything in the game and is extremely versatile.In DS2 DEX is more a challenge and STR is easy mode.
3Get UGS in DS2You won the game already
7Anything I dont agree with is le baby modeNice meme. Have an upvote 3
7not crushing shit to dust with your greatshield... ..or being the WALLyou even know how to enrage players in pvp?
32Maybe he was tired? As I understand it, losing the will to live is what makes you go hollow and die for real.4shielduselesseverYou wot? Dangelic shield saved me a shit to of times, especially in the sentries fight.
3Fume UGS would like a fuckin word with you, m8.
4Parry with hand or Parrying Dagger for more parry frames in DS1. Shield not necessary. DS2 has a shitload of different parry timings and bullshit that makes parrying in it a nightmare with anything other than a target shield/buckler or occasionally a curved sword/rapier.
7How do you get good at parrying in DaS 2? Can't do it for shit. I just roll and backstab.
9Shield is useless in pvp, since its punished so easily, also, dodge frames are actually far more abusable in DaS2, once you know how to spec for it. I two handed my sword and dodged all the sentries attacks, anon.
3you cant, you have no block frames with shields.do what 5says for parrying.Although, I often found kite shield worked pretty fucking well too.
3Practice on hollows when you're a higher level so they don't kill you super fast. Use the buckler or any small shield since they're the easiest to parry with. After you get to Iron Keep practice on the Alonne Knight on the bridge. If you can consistently parry him, you can parry anything in the game. If you're dual weilding use Curved Swords or Rapiers since they have the most parry frames and easiest timings. Parrying with fist or Straight/Great Sword hilts requires ridiculously tight timing.
9Why can't any of the cool guys have a heroic death?From the top of my headSolaire either dies for his sun or ends up just kinda helping youTarkus has been discussedCrestfallen warrior is sad, so that's excusableHavel dies of AIDS or something because I can't remember anything related to his death.Where's my "I'll hold them back!" death? Where are the real heroes? When did I become such a faggot?
5It's my first run and I'm playing blind. Currently getting my shit wrecked in the iron passage. Fucking mages.
2Ha, i died a few times to that stupid thing this very evening.
4Sif is useless
2DaS has very few heroes, just those who trudge onward, eventually succumbing to their fate.even you.
2Sieg has a pretty badass ending.
2Onion bro goes out in a blaze of glory against chaos eaters, but you can make sure he survives the ordeal by helping him and making sure he doesn't drop to below half health.
0You know that the game is actually harder if you play with others right?
1What I mean is that, even if their fate is to die, why not die in a cool way?On the other side, makes me think of hiw they were truly human and had limits they couldn't topple, so there's that
92tfw that tree has killed me more times than any one boss in the game
7It really isn't.
52How could I forget onionbro? Holy shit it was so cool.The bad thing is, saving him makes him die feeling worthless, but letting him die forbids his daughter from fulfilling her wish of seeing him again
01Thanks.You think DaS2 is harder? The only bosses who have given me any trouble were the scorpioness, the sentries, who got wrecked when ditched my sword for a mace, and the gargoyles because five assholes at once.I think the slower healing is bullshit and parrying is a chore, and tying your Iframes to a stat was enraging, but in the end you can circumvent these things, it just a means slower start, for me at least.
7Lel
0I never summoned anyone for any boss fight what so ever, just to help me fight an invasion.I do like to be summoned and kill bosses with other people:Find random stranger at Elana door. Help him kill the bitch at a very high NG+, it seemed.Rush to Sihn door.Summoned by him again.It takes a few tries, but neither of us give up.Defeat it.Feels awesome being a SunBro.
5I killed him that way too, I just wanted to see his dialogue, didn't know he'd jump. Worst part, he killed three chaos demons then died to poison.
2Darklurker, DaS2False king Allant, DeSSmug and Ornery, DaSTake your pick, I guess
7Only if they die in 5 seconds to a boss and the host has to deal with 1.5-2x boss health. Otherwise, their attention being divided makes them easymode. PvE is almost a joke when you gangbang everything
7implying scaling health matters as long as the fag that isnt getting attacked keeps dpsing the fuck out of the boss.The only time co op is hard is when your co op buddy isnt watching the boss and watching aggro/ kiting properly.I've had people just freeze up when they should have been attacking the boss while I had aggro.tl;dr its only hard when you're stuck with a retard
Play some DeSIntroduced to the whole "You die you lose half your HP mechanic"Dark Souls is "You go human you get invaded"Scared shitless of what people who intentionally do PvP in this game would be likeStay hollow the whole gameNever kindled any fires since I thought it'd only give me 1 more estus per kindleBeat the gameI also didn't know backstabs were an actual thing my entire first play throughAnd then I unintentionally joined the Champion's Covenant on my blind playthrough of DaS2 and just assumed my internet was broken for the first few days or something since I never saw any signs and couldn't leave my own.
3DarklurkerThat's just touhou. Memorize his/their patterns and you're good to go.AllantHavent played desOreos and smugglersThis one was actually hard, getting hit by one meant getting spitroast by both
3Most of the DLC boss fights for both DaS 1 and 2 are harder and more awesome than those.I laughed when the 2 darklurkers got too close and my Red Iron Dual Blade hit them both. One combo and they died.
3Haven't fought that yet.Beat him on first try, but it was an awesome fight, he never used soul suck on me, I felt left out.3 tries I think. I tend to die more to the environment and regular enemies. Fuck bonewheels. Fuck skeleton dogs. Fuck the anor londo archers. Fuck titanite demons.
3champions covenant so good though. Grinders covenant 4 lyfe, infinite respawnsliterally like a switch for turning enemies on and off if you've cleared the zones of enemies
3Dark Souls is "You go human you get invaded"But this was also in Demon Souls
0You should try the Ice Horses from DaS2. GOD, THOSE WERE BASTARDS.
0I had heard so much about bonewheel skeletons that when I actually played the game, I was super prepared, and was careful with aggro.Maybe I missed out by being so prepared.
2Also fuck the lowered durability on weapons. Never used a repair powder in DS1.Got cursed for the first time today, makes you go hollow, fuck you fromsoft.
0I meant that was the only penalty. When I went back and ended up beating DeS I played through most of it in body form for the extra HP since I was marginally better at souls games by that point, and also the PvP was dead so I only ended up getting invaded in 1-4 by the same guy five times in a row
2lel, forgot about those. Those horses r faggots.Bonewheel-tier
4Why the fuck would you need help against Mytha or Freja? If anything, the only summon of use in the game might be Pilgrim Bellclaire.
6DeS pvp in its heydaysbe on dragon bridge"You have been invaded by "playername"Also, pvp players could help you kill enemies.You could meet some pretty nice reds
2Haven't had that pleasure yet either. I have been completely unprepared for the DLC areas, only survived Eloim? Loyce because I started fiddling around with my weapons and saw that Black Knight Greatsword has fire now.
The most deceiving enemy in any Souls game ever.Seriously.Possibly strongest respawning mob in the gameMid game area.
4I thought I could outlast the assault with the chloranthy ring and a good shield. Boy was I wrong.
8We all were wrong that day, bro.When i got my arthorias great shield, i got revenge on them, though
4Nope, those are mimics.Also FUCK the crystal assholes in the duke's archives and those soul arrows spamming six eyed pieces of shit And dark magic users.
4what's so scary about themthey're pretty slow so I never bothered letting them hit me
2the first time meeting a mimic was sufferingI wasn't ready
55Moonlit butterfly is solo'd by the Mage girl
8I used Havel's. But I wised up and realized you're supposed to fight like a coward, so after first playthrough I just sniped them with the Dragon Slayer Greatbow. I enjoy the ring of fog very much.
5Implying any npc other than Iron Tarkus is useful
5TFW you're such a blind fuck you didn't fight the moonlight butterfly until NG+3
5You'd have to be a Mong to have trouble with moonlight butterfly.
3I miss the days when the Eagle Shield was 100% physical reduction. Shit was so great back when I was too afraid to try and parry anything.
1Curved swords do NOT have a high parry window anymore. That was nerfed when they nerfed the monastery scimitar parry window.The Target Shield and Parry dagger have the best parry windows.
8Mildred is also super useful in the four kings fight for drawing attention
5Don't bother with shields anymore, only armors I use are the painting guardian's robes, and Smough's set when against magic users. Maybe one day I'll max out my character and become a magic faggot.
8Iron Flesh. 2 hand your weapon. That is all.
6Leveling characters past 50I sure do love chipping away at 1500 HP while dodging swings from a zwei only to get one shot by a dark bead.
7Eh, it's been a while, maybe I'm just lucky, they've mostly used physical attacks against me.. Only had to fight two kings at once.

7simply eric it isn't
7Well, I did say fuck dark magic users.
Am I the only one that doesn't give a shit about PvP?
1after 300-1000 hours of pve, it gets tiring. most of the people running pvp know most everything there is about pve.
, 
YOU GOT 10 SECONDS TO NAME THE MOST AMERICAN GAME
Fat Princess
9/thread
1douk noukemfuck year
Rrrrridge racer
9weeellll[p that was a fun thread, time to move on
Super Columbine Massacre RPG.
0fuck yeartriggered
9PrincessRoyalty? Not in my 'murrica, son.
1GTA V
Metal Wolf Chaos.
9no princesses in murica. We beat the brits in dubya dubya two so we didnt hafta have no princess. Cheerio lets do it again.
7what about all of the spoiled "princessess'
1Hatred
Leave it to Fromsoft to make the most American game ever complete with English VAs and never release it in the US
Guamemee
Broforce
1Gears of War
We've been through this a thousand times.
Hatred
1Custer's Revenge
WoW
Burger Time
Hatred
8If they did, it would lessen the irony considerably.
7They're free to pretend to be whatever they want.
codename s.t.e.a.m.its american in every way possible
6I think the TBFP playthrough of this was what got me into them all those years ago.Haven't seen any of their stuff in the last two years though. Man, it's been too long.
886Why are there other posts in this thread?
Call of Doody
1Hatred of course. America is the mass murder capitol of the world.
7kek
1
9Mods, just lock the thread. This was -the- reply.
1
Burger Clapping Simulator
1Animal Crossingdestroy the natural environment and build it to our own willstock market is the most profitable thing in the gameinvading a small island, destroying its pre-existing flora/fauna, and exporting its insects is the second most profitable thingcan literally hoist the american flag as your town iconat the end of the day the only thing that matters is the almighty bell
7I fucking love that game.TFW NES can't work on these new Televisions...
5Modslock the thread-the-/out/
8because that game while set in america is japanese as fuckmechs aren't very american
Burger Souls
EXCITE TRUCK
4That makes it sound like a European game.
7is japanese as fuckBRRRPWrong.mechs aren't very americanNo, but if the president is riding them, they sure as hell are.
0No, it's Japanese as fuck.
7mechs aren't very american
4I am a retardOk.
1Freedom Fighters
4yes
9PrincessAmericaApe Escape
american mcgee's alice
9implying megas xlr isn't inspired by mech anime9face it nigger, you're wrong.but it's fine
9looks like some shitty animu
Anything related to nascar or WWE
Dead Rising 2
18 Wheeler: American Pro Trucker
0inspired by japs means it is japsAnd in turn, anime was inspired by didney, so it is in fact American. America always win.
2I wasn't saying megas xlr is japs. I'm just saying, it wasn't a good example to try to say that style of mech isn't very fucking japanese.
2How in the world isn't MEGAS the most American of mechs? It has a hot rod controlled by vidya for a head, naked lady truck mudflaps and hotrod flames, and uses wraslin' attacks. Aside from being a humanoid robot the size of an apartment building it doesn't have a jap bone in its body.
8How in the fuck do you play this game? Do I seriously need to grab a Japanese Xbox? Where the fuck would I even get one?
3These are the types of casuals browsing our board.
1try moscow, beijing, or phnom pen
Mechs are a complete Jap/weeaboo sensation.
5If by casual you mean "don't know shit about the xbox," then yes, I'm very casual. I just want some Burning American Justice, man.
6Go on ebay and find a chipped xbox. Or just do it yourself.
I want to fuck Amber
I want to hold hands with Forte
I want to fuck Dolce. Pico can watch.
I want to take a nap with Clorica.
2How do you think she reacted when she saw Lest's dick?
7Yay!
2Finally some Amber love in these threads. I was starting to think I was alone
652Amber is to pure to sexualize
Already impregnated her.
2watered down trash held up by weaboo waifu faggotry disgusting.I'd rather eat yoshi cloaca
4She probably sexualizes Lest in brutal ways so it's all good.
What kind of pantsu does Amber wear?
Pico: Your name is Lest, right? Follow me!20 minutes later:Lest: I'm sorry, but what's your name?Pico: DID NOBODY TEACH YOU THAT YOU SHOULD INTRODUCE YOURSELF FIRST?Did people get paid to write this garbage? It's like they copy-pasted lines from the great book of Anime lines.
Id told me back in 2011 that she would be cut from the final release, I'd have called you crazy. What the fuck is Tabata even thinking, cutting the game's second most iconic character?
9Id told me back in 2011If you'd*
that one anon who argued that Stella and Luna weren't the same shitHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
9So now you are making up blatant shit about both characters just to shitpost Stella Nox Fleuret is a blonde girl from the kingdom of Tenebrae who wears primarily white and is in the kingdom of Insomnia during it's invasion.She was changed to Luna Nox Fleuret who is a blonde girl from the kingdom of Tenebrae who wears primarily white and is in the kingdom of Insomnia during it's invasion.That is all we know about them, Stella was not anything you said and we've seen nothing more than 5 seconds of Luna
0I'm a newfag who never read any of Nomura's interviews at the time because I was literally 10 when this game was announced- You
Having no women in the party and having this game's Cid be an oversexualized mechanic in an otakubait costume wasn't enough, let's just start cutting out the few already-existing women from the game too!~
5Please don't start trying to attribute Stella being cut with SJW bullshit, thanks.
They just cut Stella because she was clearly sequel bait, and seeing as there would be no sequels they had to change her into a non-confrontational character.
You've only seen Luna sit in a chair, why are you asiuing she has no magical ability when she's surrounded by tiny floating crystals?
second most iconic character?cidnoctisnobodyyou waifufags are fucking disgusting
4Cidstill hasn't even been seenmore iconic than Stella who was on every piece of promo material with Noctis post-2008 when it was Versus XIII
9Except you are a retard for making up blatant bullshit about both Stella and Luna have the same face, hair color, eye color, and the only difference is Luna ties her hair up, in the demo ending her hair is down and it's the same style Stella hasStella was not a reluctant villain, she was poised to confront noctis at some point and that was it, nothing about being a villain Luna is not remotely waifu bait and there is no romantic undertones And Luna does have magic powers as we saw magic glowing particles floating around her the same way they do around noctis when he uses magic, And they already stated the role of main female heroine was changed from Stella to Luna being main female heroine, so yes she does have presence Fuck off you utter retard Both are Nox Fleuret Both from Tenebrae Both are noble women Both are in Insomnia during the invasion Both have a connection of some sort to Noctis Both can use magic Both are blonde feminine women who have power Luna is implied to have known Noctis since childhood since we see him holding hands with a little blonde girl who can only be Luna, not Stella, meaning Luna already serves a stronger connection to Noctis than Stella ever did, since Stella and Noctis only were to meet for the first time as adults Plus both Noctis and Luna were announced on the news in game to be dead meaning that Luna is important enough to be mentioned as dead along with the prince of Lucis, so yes she does have presence Luna is also more apt a name to be a foil to Noctis because of the heavy moon imagery used ever since the earliest trailers
the state of waifufags todayAt least you fucks have been purged from FF15. Literally Milla Maxwell.
0The issue is that the change wasn't just a name one, they also changed Stella/Luna's role. Originally she was going to oppose the party during multiple points but the writers at Square Enix were just too incompetent to handle that.
all those retarded assumptions
5#rekt
2We've seen more footage of Cidney than we have of any other female character so fuck off , and we know Cidney was in the game when Versus but only revealed recently, so by your own arguing Cidney is more important than Stella was because Cidney's had more screen time
5Stella and Luna have the same face, hair color, eye color, and the only difference is Luna ties her hair upt-they look the same therefore they're the sameStella was not a reluctant villain, she was poised to confront noctis at some point and that was it, nothing about being a villain turns unwillingly hostile towards Noctis and his companions due to unknown reasons." Nomura specifically uses the term æ•µ when referring to her, which means "enemy", "opponent" or "villain". Luna is not remotely waifu bait Kek kok. "Look at this pretty shy girl you have to protect, player"and there is no romantic undertones Prompto refers to their meeting in the TGS 2014 trailer as "a date". And Luna does have magic powers as we saw magic glowing particles floating around herCould represent the magic being imprisoned. Particle effects could represent a million, million things. the same way they do around noctis when he uses magicPost comparison pic so yes she does have presence Yet her character commands none of the atmosphere that Stella commanded. "She has presence because we say she does because she's a main character", that's not how it works shill. meaning Luna already serves a stronger connection to Noctis than Stella ever did, since Stella and Noctis only were to meet for the first time as adults So now you're admitting they are different? Thanks for confirming it.
6Originally she was going to oppose the party during multiple pointsSource?Also its still same same writer since Versus. Nomura isn't the writer.
6No, Stella was just to oppose Noctis at one point , nothing suggests that Luna won't oppose him too
5Cidney is not Cid. Cidney was announced only 6 months ago and is a character irrelevant to story.
0nothing suggests that Luna won't oppose him tooExcept for the fact they've clearly presented her as an ally to Noctis in all of her appearances thus far and the enemies whom Stella was working with are pretending that she died along with Noctis in Insomnia, meaning she's a traitor to them just as Noctis is.
9 Luna Short HairHer hair is bundled up you dolt.
1in all of her appearances thus farYou mean all 5 seconds of her sitting in a chair?
2Yes, isn't she boring? Not to mention all the references she's had about her, it's painting a very different character than what Stella was presented as. And obviously they're different, else why change the name?
7What references?stella was a fucking boring character too and she had ten years
7What references?Every time her character has been mentioned in trailers and in interviews. stella was a fucking boring character too and she had ten yearsShe was a hell of a lot less cliche and boring than Luna.
arguing about some chick in a gay cowboys video gameYawn.
9this is a game about japanese fuccbois, no room for womenyou had to know that anon
7Because if they kept her name but changed her face and behaviour, autistic people like you would go apeshit like op is doing now, only worse.
1You literally haven't even seen either character do anything.
1 She's only been in 1 trailer hasn't she?All thats been said about her is that shes pretty.
8but changed her face and behaviourSo you're now admitting her behaviour is completely different when before you were claiming they were same?
4Stella has summoned shit and even had multiple conversation with noctis in V13 trailers
1All we've seen is stella standing around.All we've seen is luna sitting around.
45Jesus christ you people are so ignorant yet feel you have the capacity to discuss this. No we haven't seen her in only one trailer, she's been in several. Yes, we have seen her do stuff, we've seen her oppose and fight Noctis and explain the origin of Etro to him. For those of us who were actually around before the game was rebranded, those scenes came to define what Versus XIII was, and now they're not even going to be in the game? It's ludicrous.
1They're gonna have to, otherwise the change would be 100% pointless.
9second most iconic characterLiterally who?
8we've seen her oppose and fight NoctisNo she fucking hasn't
8I was talking about Luna you fucking imbecile.
Its funny to see people try to differentiate between what are ultimately 2 generic anime-tier characters. Someone call the cops, artistic integrity has been compromised!!!11
4Yeah, Lightning and Vanille are the same person anyway
3
1She just summoned rapiers. The conversations were just the night time ball.
6Still more than Luna's five seconds of sitting.Stella is pro-active. And now she's gone and the game is worse off for it.
2wow, what an epic fight
0So why did they change the name? Seems absolutely pointless.
4I know, right? Far better than Luna.
8Stella doesn't fucking exist.You don't know what Luna's going to do, because the movie doesn't exist in a watchable form yet
8in 10 years all Stella has done is spill her spag all over Noctis then stand in front of himMy god what s loss of an epic character.
3He's just a Tabata drone who doesn't want to acknowledge Versus XIII has been stripped, boiled down and reduced to it's barest bones so Tabata can rewrite it into something as stupid as Crisis Core or Type-0.
2top kek
9Lunashort hairm8 she has that crazy hairstyle braid thing goingi can bet money at some point in the game she'll let her hair down
7Cidney is not CidSomething tells me you're wrong.
1Cid was presented as an ally in XIII and still managed to oppose the party. You're grasping at straws.
2But Tabata isn't the writer, and Stella was removed by Nomura in 2012 because she was obviously sequel bait.
9that imageall those assumptions based on a plot and characters we've known next to nothing about for 10 years
4So again doesn't say anything about her being a villain because she only confronts him which isn't anything Luna can't do either , she isn't anymore waifu bait than Stella was, Prompto was teasing noctis by acting like any female encounter he has is a date, you are pulling shit out of your ass about "imprisoned" what the fuck? How about you watch a fucking trailer, and I never said they weren't different, I already said they changed Stella to Luna, yet 99% of what we knew about Stella was rolled into Luna You are still pulling shit out of your ass just so you can act like your head canon is fact
3The english version being pronounced as Cindy says otherwise
2This fucking butthurtThe fact is, Tabata is making a game. Nomura failed to make a game.Versus XIII was empty promises: the Alpha
3she's cid's granddaughter you fuckhead
7And that is besides the point We've seen more of Cidney than we have any other female character so by your argument of footage exposure being correlated to importance your own fucking logic means Cidney is more important than Stella was
9This is /v/, do you really expect anything but assumptions?
8You're kidding? Both of them are obviously carbon-copy of Fang, dude.
1Except for the fact they've clearly presented her as an ally to Noctis in all of her You mean the 5 seconds we saw of her where all we know is Noctis is going to meet up with her How is that any different to Stella being an "ally" during that party scene? You are pulling shit out of your ass again about Stella
8How have i missed that!But then again Fang is just Yuna from FFIX
2in 10 years all Stella has done is spill her spag all over Noctis then stand in front of himIt was the other way around, though.The spaghetti-spiller was Noctis.
They realized Stella was too similar to Noct and that was fucking stupid, so they changed it.The End.
iconicgame hasn't even been released yetholy shit fuck off waifufag
9expecting a good female character out of the game that turned the first female incarnation of an iconic mechanic into fapbait.Sing it with me ~you have only yourself to blame.
7No because we don't know anything about her All we saw in 2006 of noctis at his reveal was him sitting on a chair and getting up then walking outside Then the only promo image was of him sitting on a chair It wasn't until the second trailer that they showed his powers
8No, Noctis was in control of the conversation the whole time, and he tells stella he has to go in a non-awkward manner.
1In interviews all they've said about Luna is that she's an important character , we don't know anything else about her, everything you are saying is pulled straight from your ass
The wealth of Nomurafag tears resulting from this is absolutely magical. The man is a hack and I'm glad Square Enix is finally realizing it. I can't wait for him to get kicked off of Kingdom Hearts 3 next. He'll be stuck making mobile games in no time.
8We only saw her draw a rapier, we never saw them fight And that doesn't mean Luna won't do something like that
8And Cidney has had more screen time than both put together so by your own fucking logic Cidney is more important than Stella Screen time in trailers mean jack shit, we also saw noctis confront the hooded guy in versus and that hooded guy is still in
Are you ready for Final Fucboi XV: No Girls Allowed, /v/?
4NO YOU DONT UNDERSTAND I HAVE SEEN LUNA SIT AND SHE WONT DO ANYTHING ELSE BECAUSE I KNOW
3Because it makes no sense for Stella to be in when there is that little girl from the 2013 trailer who could only be Luna, Stella and Noctis were only to meet as adults so the little girl can't be Stella and can only be Luna 2Except for 99% of what Stella was being rolled into Luna, and the only change otherwise to the story was just where noctis was when the invasion began, you still go into the city during the invasion and fight inside the city and Noctis still gets exiled
7Yes, I have several pairs of pants set aside for Duscae 2: Camping with Prompto.
7Well there is girls,
Stellafags BTFO
4Why even come up with the child girl then?
I can't wait for them to cut airships because "we couldn't a find a way to make it work".
4To create a deeper connection to Noctis and the near death experience that gets him his powers as a kid
0I hope they make a poll asking if people wouldn't mind airships that required loading screens.
0He already said they can do airships working right now but with a transition to a separate map, but right now they are working to getting it to work seamlessly on the regular map we already walk and drive on, if they can't get it seamless they'll just have the airship with a transition to a high view map then when you land it transitions back to regular map
3Keywords being "getting it to work". Don't be surprised when they can't get it to work and thus remove it.
Why is Regis so based?
I don't know anything about this game but not liking short hairJust what kind of pleb are you?
Its unreal how little of this game we've seen. At this rate, if it doesn't make it out by 2017, I wouldn't be shocked.
1what if thats time skip noctis
9They replaced the game's Vergil with a generic princess archetype that needs to be rescuedWe with never have an awesome showdown where they both are pulling out weapon after weapon blocking the other's attack
6Because that's kid Noctis being held by Regis 8Luna isn't needing to be rescued, the fuck is she even being rescued from?
Luna looks like shithair too blonde, weird face, too plastic, I hate it
9cutting the game's second most iconic character?Both of those characters are extremely generic.
9She's in a city about to be invaded, and there are reports that she was assassinated, she's on the run from the bad guys
9Who? What is this? Why should i care. Fuck you.
4Except she made it out alive from Insomnia and is in Altissia with something to give to Noctis, and now that she's publicly announced dead no one is looking for her so no she isn't needing to be "rescued"By your argument Noctis is a damsel who needs to be rescued because he's on the run from the bad guys and he was also announced dead
4Her hair color and face is the same as Stella see 5
1But Noctis isn't waiting around to be saved now is he? you're an idiot.
4And neither is Luna, Luna has something to give to Noctis you fucking idiot and so that's why Noctis is heading to Altissia to get that something because Luna is in Altissia
92015Liking any convoluted belt-and-zippers wrapped turd Nomura shits outYeah nah.
f I had to pick, I am a person more on the dark side like Xehanort and co., I harness the burning anger in my heart into what I create. Kingdom Hearts IIIâ€™s current development explodes very much in this sense. Each time, itâ€™s a battle with Sora and co. who are the exact opposite of myself, itâ€™s been over 10 years and yet we havenâ€™t reached a conclusion.This battle will surely last longer.In Kingdom Hearts III as well, I am scheming many challenges that Sora and his friends must overcome, because I myself cannot lose either. And in preparation for the great battle that lies ahead, we have this one book that looks back on their entire journey.When I think about it, I had an explosive mindset when I made the first Kingdom Hearts as well.people take this man seriously
9implying it's Nomura's turd anymore
9Nomura didn't design the costumes, only the characters
5LUNA DOESN'T HAVE LEGS. DIDN'T YOU SEE THE FUCKING TRAILER, SHE'S IN A CHAIR FOR 2 SECONDS.AMPUTEE CONFIRMEDMPUTEE
4I harness the burning anger in my heart into what I create. The Yandere guy said soemthing like that.
6Eva was more of a bitch about it, not to mention that his version of events was wrong anyway
1FF XV needs more Yoshida.
7Most of the characters revealed so far are older men from 30-60 About 20 or so characters have been seen, about 9 of them are in their 20s and the rest all older
be Nomuraget to work on the next FF installmentcome up with your own vision for the series that's more grounded in realityshowcase it at E3 and everyone likes itsuddenly have your stuff removed to work on some of SE blundersthis cuts into your work and progresshave your team back for a while only to have them taken away to work on other SE blundersforced to put your project on holdfans getting impatient and tidbits of info are not enough anymorefinally get your team back and get ready to on your project fullyhigher ups tell you that you can't work on it anymore because you have to work on something elsewatch you project being butchered and raped, powerless to stop itBeing Nomura is suffering.
3Yes, I know. I was talking about art, something drawn by him.
I was really looking forward to seeing some kind of Nox Fleuret schism, sister against sister, one a traitor to her country, protecting Noctis, and the other, reluctantly loyal, trying to kill him.Of course that was only ever in my head, but damn I wanted it to be true.
9can't have any more than 3 females in the game otherwise it will cut into happy bro gay time, so she had to be cut.
6the idiot execs refusing to allocate a team for years = Nomura failed to make a game
1Because he's a Ned Stark clone.
My God who fucking caresThey probably just fused them togetherThe bitch is literally Stella with a bun
4JESUS CHRISTThis can't be real
5Luna, Cidney, Hime and Dragoon chick That's four
3Someone needs to avenge himat this point he can either put Stella in KH3 or possibly in the next Toriyama FF game since Toriyama will probably want to make another all female FF cast again
0HimeSince when was the last tie we seen her? She might as well be cut as well
0It is, honestly he had this coming for a long time now. He's a faggot, who has grown an enormous ego and sense of control over things that are his, just like Kojima.Sakaguchi is stuck doing mobile shitMatsuno doing some Kickstarter shitmeanwhile hacks like Toriyama and Nomura are given endless resources to insert their own waifu/homo boyband fantasies into FF wrecking it for good. There is no justice in this world.
3Nomura designed Luna
5time*
5Did you even watch the fucking ATR? Tabata specifically said the black haired woman and the dragoon woman are both still in the game and are important characters, so not only does that confirm that Hime is still in but also that the dragoon woman is an important character and not just a random throwaway grunt soldier
autism threadglad I stopped giving a shit about this awful series after 10
9I thought I saw Sakaguchi surfing once, found out Mistwalker was in my building was in the same building I worked in, and then they left a couple years after Last Story came out.I'm so full of regret, I just had to tell you faggots.
0Did you even watch the fucking ATR? No I haven't, excuse me for my ignorance.
1He said they will be talked about later, they have next major reveal at Gamescom so expect something then
9oh shut the fuck up anon its the same shit who cares
9Just because they screwed over Sakaguchi and Matsuno doesn't mean they have the right to fuck over Nomura as well. Nomura is a very talented game designer and Square owes a lot to him. Toriyama has made the best combat system consistently in each FF game he directed and while he does focus on fanservice a lot I'm not complaining
9The localization is retarded considering that Tabata emphasized the Cid-part of Cidney.0Why the hell would that change anything about her being a Cid? She fixes things, she's a mechanic, she's a Cid.
STELLAAAAAAA!!!!!!
9FUCK THIS GAY EARTH
3ToriyamaBest combat systemI can only think of X-2 and XIII trilogy, tho I kinda agree. Other than those, though, what else did he design?
7He directed only them. He was in charge of the whole wall market shenanigans in VII so you csn thank him for cross-dressing Cloud and he was heavily involvedin FFX. He was event writer and director in FFX so that probably makes him responsible for the laugh scene
This is true autism.
3Nothing's being butchered retard, Nomura just has to shave off pointlrss shit he wanted to have in sequels. All the changes were made by him. He's just trimming the fat and Tabata is merely overseeing it.
So this is where all the anons are talking about this. No wonder my thread died. Yeah, I'm pretty fucking dissapointed myself.
2just has to shave off pointless shit he wanted to have in sequelsThats a good thing if anything.5She did seem like a capable rival to Notics shame.
3No it's not
3The whole tragedy Shakespeare angle was Stella. They were enemies by blood but probably had some affection to each other. That's fucking tragedy writing itself. Luna is probably going to be some boring ass NOCTIS-SAMA SAVE ME PREASE trope!
8Rewatch the scene with subtitles. She's the one who needs god's help to even talk to him despite being a noble herself.
Tabata removing more stuff from the original Nomura conceptBTFO
1If the sequels are anything like other Final Fantasies sequels then yeah it kinda is but, those were plan to be single games in the first place so who knows.
used to watch this trailer daily. Dreams and hopes vanished.
2This whole drama is extra hilarious when you put it this way. It's also funny that even Noctis calls her a literally who during that conversation. Farewell, whoever you are.
we will never see Stella in the final gamewe will never see her storywe will never see more Stella pornwe will never see her panties while she does crazy acrobatics while fighting noctis
5And you keep shitposting even after getting wrecked See 5The game was always a road trip you fucking retard, Nomura said so back in 2008
9Serve you right
1Assuming it's Regis. I'm really liking that time-travelling Noctis bullshit theory for some reason.
retards still think that Stella not being in the most recent trailer means that she was cutretards can't comprehend that Stella and Luna represent moon and sun plus are likely sisters or related in somewayall this autismjesus fuck you guys are retards
8 Luna is probably going to be some boring ass NOCTIS-SAMA SAVE ME PREASE tropeBased on what? The 5 seconds you saw of her in Accordo? How do you know it wasn't Luna that summoned Leviathan that is trying to wreck Noctis?Noctis and Stella would be "enemies by blood " for the same fucking reason Luna would be because she's also a Nox Fleuret from Tenebrae like Stella was Fuck off with your headcanon
2Read the news fucktard
9Why does the video description talk about it being XIII and not Versus XIII?
2Too bad Tabata himself confirmed Stella was cut from the game. Oops.
YOU TABATA YOU PIECE OF SHIT HACK
0Not to mention that there was no "enemies by blood" in the first place. It's never been suggested that Tenebrae has any beef with Lucis at all.
3gematsu
1"Take heed. Never bow out of what you begin. So long as you carry the blood royal, so long as you carry my nameâ€¦ carry your head high."BASED A S E D
0How do you know it wasn't Luna that summoned Leviathan that is trying to wreck Noctis?As absurd as Final Fantasy can get it would be a bit of strench to imagine she would summon a giant monster just to kill some dude with a shitty teleport spam.I get it that you were just trying to give an example, but it is hilarious, anyway.
1Looks like a FFT character
1Stellafag pls go
they will be twin sisters they said
FFXV-kun said it. Now he's backtracing hard as fuck pretending Luna and Stella are the same even though fucking Tabata himself said they aren't.
1one literally who from the 10 years old concept got rewritten into a different literally who with the same attributes You have no idea how much games change during development, do you. Are you so mad that FFVII isn't about some dude named Joe as well?
0this butthurt just because he was proven wrongGuess it doesn't pay to open your mouth to speak about something you know nothing about, huh? Try to remember that next time, crybaby.
autists mad that their headcanon has been ruinedLuna's going to replace stella in half her scenes, and stella was only cut because if they made a trilogy instead of a single game like they originally planned the same people who are complaining about her being cut would spaz out about that.
5The game has changed. That's the fucking point, you fucking retard. It's not the game that was displayed ten years ago. It's something completely different now. That game first unveiled has practically been cancelled in favor of homo road trip.
Both of them have a 40% sale on steam. I already know Fallout 3 is a masterpiece, and New Vegas is decent after some mods, but should I do it? I'm also hyped for Fallout 4
Critically acclaimed games. Should you play them. God /v/ is full of faggots.
b8
5do it. power levels in my opinion:1. modded fallout 32. modded new vegas3. new vegas---------------POWER GAP?. fallout 3 I can't even play fallout 3 without the ironsights mod, so if you do buy them be sure to look into essential mods first. That said, buy them.
5asking /v/ to play gamestheres no hope for you
8this is you
5No. They are both shitty cash grabs by Jewthesda trying to bank on nostalgia from Fallout 1 and 2.If you pre-orderd Fallout 2004, you are literally the cancer killing the video games industry.
5Buy 3, it has way more content, and better factions. Also the Wastleland is more memorable and has a better atmosphere compared to all the rest of the shit in the Fallout franchise, and your father is a great character to the plot.
5what can I say, I prefer ironsights. And I don't have a vendetta against games that don't use them, I just can't stand the retarded vanilla fallout 3 zoom it does, it would have been better just hip firing everything.
9While the factions matter more in Fallout 3, i'd say New Vegas had the more "interesting" factions.
Fallout 3 isn't too bad but I preferred New Vegas for the gambling and the overpowered Unarmed stat.
5pre-ordering anythingdont listen to this fag.New Vegas is great and Fallout 3 is decent, both have great stories.i suggest modding both.
9No it didn't. There was no Enclave.
5F3MasterpieceAyy lmao?
7No it didn't.As far as story changing moments go, they did matter.There was no Enclave.You mean there was no "President John Henry Eden".
8modded FO3over modded FO:NVLOVINGEVERY LAUGH
Modded Fnv is very very good. Grab AWOP And a few other mods.
3I recognize that NV has better mods available, but I'm one of those fags that prefers the whole wasteland atmosphere thing over nevada desert.
2I just watched the F3 opening cenamatic again. It is disparaging as fuck, and I love it.
6You weren't even allowed to join the only other faction in the game
5Wait for sale which will start in 3 days and get them for 75% off you pleb
5buying games
8It's pretty much a complete rip off of the first fallout cinematic. Much like the story a lot of the quests and everything else.
Everyone says FO3 is a rancid abortion and NV the prodigal savior of the franchiseFO3 above NV on Steam Top Sellers
5Fallout 3 is the only one that matters, New Vegas is utter crap with no replayability.It should've been scrapped.
6The masses have shit tasteSTOP THE PRESSES
2But surely STEAM has superior masses because STEAM is run by VALVE and VALVE can do no wrong?
6Hitler had a lot of supporters, does that make him a good person
I got both with all DLC for â‚¬10. Threw in some unofficial patches and I've already clocked 50 hours in 3 and starting NV tomorrow.
7Nope.
6yes
6Open Wasteland hijinksLinear hub-driven ramrodI'll take a laughable, ridiculous final chapter over NV's amputation of a storyline.
6he was good before *it happens*
Falout 2Falout 1Falout NVFalout onlineFalout 3
5what happened to eastarwars.com? no one mentioned it after a few days.
7But there was though.
1FO2FO1NVRancid pile of dog fecesBattery acid enemaFO3
Buy fallout 3 if you're new to the series . New Vegas is for advanced players looking for a deeper story, higher difficulty, better npc companions, better quests, iron sights, better camera, etc ...Play fallout 3 first.If you like it, try new Vegas. Hard to get into but worth it if you don't give up on it. I recommend getting high on marihuana while playing it to improve the immersion .Fallout 3 is more sci fi twilight zoneNew Vegas is more about clan wars and mad max
5But that's what I said
4What you said was misleading, newfags might be taken in to believe that FO3 is merely 'the least good'.It'd be like telling people Diablo 3 is merely 'not the best Diablo' it's incredibly misleading of how truly shit a game is.
5Fallout 3 is a masterpiece, and New Vegas is decent after some modsThis is b89it has way more contentbetter factionsThis is super b8
6Do I have to post this again?Everyone already fucking owns NV on Steam.It is one of the most owned games on the service for fuck's sake.
1Fallout  Fallout 2  Fallout Tactics = New Vegas  Fallout 3  Brotherhood of Steel
5HAHAHHA.FUCKING BTFO FO3DRONES.
paying more than 5 dollars for 3 or nv goty editionsnot buying them during the previous 869846902846908 sales
they will both get 75% off during the summer salejust wait
3this man is correct
5LETS GO PAL
5buy physical, redeem code. don't give valve money
1both have great storiesthey have great plotholes, with little bits of story
5fallout: new vegas3,364,863fallout: new vegas438,127
2so you play game for the story then? 's cool, who needs factions and fun gameplay, eh?
5It's a glitch with Steam. It assigned different game IDs for the game for a while to people for NV.You just add the two together for the true total, like how you add the FO3 GOTY and Vanilla together for its total.
, 
SURE DO LOVE THIS GAMING WEBCOMIC SITE
1SURE DO LOVE THIS GAMING THREAD
e-celeb trash
1why does that chick on the bottom right have two mouths?
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
, 
playing overly Japanese games with English dubsWhy dop so many people prefer this? Are you some americunts or what the hell is the reason behind this? Of course there are some good dubworks out there, but there's never been a situaton where I would have preferred the dub over the original voice acting.Like, yeah sure, let's listen to native Japanese people speaking native level English, nothing off with this one, no sir!
6The only eng dub I actually liked is P4G, Atlus did a great work. For everything else, I switch to Japanese.Alsogames that reset language to english when you close themWhy is this allowed?
6I wish P4 came with a sub or dub option
, 
, 
/v/ not talking about the fucking flop that HotS is? It literally takes a decent idea for a Moba and removes the shit that makes Mobas good and strategicno gold everNormal mobas reward gold on last hitting creeps/minions or heroes. HotS has no gold which means you purchase no items  team levels togetherGood idea, but instead of traditional leveling a skill every level, you level a skill like every 5 levels free rotation heroesLike LoL you have access to the free heroes and then you can purchase others with in game currency this tends to create balance issues But this is my opinion. What's yours? Shitty game? GOAT? GOTY?
2Take good, but cryptic or inaccessible ideacompletely retard proof it so anyone can get into itThis is the same success story for a lot of games, anonThere's a big difference between good and successful
0I guess that is true. But I play dota and have invested a fair amount of real money into it, because it's a good game I can enjoy. I think heroes is shit so I wouldn't spend a dime on it. Success should come from quality. Sadly we all know this isn't the truth
5i put money into x so I'll play it it has to be goodhaven't put money into y so I won't play it and call it shit to justify my decision
MOBAsGoodI don't like you, okay? You're someone I despise
2I used to be a big dota and rts nerdI tried this game a while back when blizzard said "hey yo you want a free game fam?" and so I downloaded it and it was actually okayyou get the general feeling of "yes I see what they're trying to accomplish here"
2supporting the game that effectively killed any chance of Half Life 3 coming outThis is why we can't have nice things.
He is having funPlease someone stop himI mean it that triggers me.
5I have 5k hours spent between wc3DotA and Dota2. Probably more than you but I still think HotS is more superior.
2I want x game to be like y game, but it isn't so it's awfulreally anon, you are better than that
2/v/ not talking about the fucking flop that HotS is?That's why it's flop. Because no one cares.It's a steaming pile of ultra-casualized garbage heaped on the steaming pile of garbage that is the MOBA community.It's flashy and pretty, I will give it that. Beyond that, the gameplay is ultra-simplistic. So I guess it will appeal to Blizz's current audience but not much more.
2The problem I have with this game is that it does not feel good to get a kill or win.- The hits from your skills, the visual and sound impacts are weak, it does not feel good to hit other champions. DOTA is the extreme opposite and LoL is somewhat between those 2. It feels like playing Street Fighter on Amiga...- Not getting gold from kills, not having the small pleasure to shop and buy "that" item to get an edge over the other team...
2/v/ not talking about the fucking flop that HotS is?From an outsider POV it is making MOBAS more fun and less time consuming. For what I hear MOBAs match can last for over 1 hour if you are not steamrolled on the first 20 minutes while HotS last 20 minutes max.It seems like HoTS is cutting out the fat and allowing the game to be far more accessible, this is something Blizzards does really well. People were claiming that WoW was also shitting on Everquest and look how that went.
mobasgood and strategicNigga the genre is made for casuals who can't handle a real e-sport.HotS is probably the best of the genre cause you don't have some fuckwit in top lane all game until he farms enough gold to 1man the entire enemy team so it is more team work focused than it's competitors.
I like the team leveling system, but would like a little bit of active progression every level instead of every few levels.I disliked having the read a guide to work out what i had to buy in other mobas so i'm glad it's gone.Would like to have a few heros that were always free and then a free hero rotation. Starting out felt really crappy. have to level a character to get all the skills.By rank 12 or 15 it would be good if all the heros had their abilities unlocked so you didn't have to grind them out.Last hitting minions sucked so i'm glad it's gone.Bonus objectives give a lot of incentives for team fights which is nice.I'm a shitter who found LoL and Dota2 overwelming so i like this game a lot more.
2Being dota with everything that makes dota dota taken out is kind of its purpose. It boiled the game down to nothing but pushing and fighting, so it's made for either people who couldn't handle LoL/Dota or people who want a lighter game to play in between on the side.That's what I used it for, I'm a huge dotard but when I don't have time for a full match and/or want to just zone out and mash some buttons and kill everything with a red health bar as fast as possible, HotS scratches an itch that dota doesn't.I used to use LoL for that purpose, but this does the job a whole lot better.
2HOTS has no goldAre you fucking autistic OP? Either bait or you didn't play
6Why do you need a tripcode for this thread?
Okay, so I'm going to risk getting shit on, but here's my take on it.I prefer HoTS to traditional MOBAS. The reason being that every time I tried to get into one of the others, I instantly get over whelmed. I don't know what items I should use, and I honestly don't feel like having to read whole articles to learn. I don't know which lane I'm supposed to be in most of the time, and if I happen to pick the wrong one I get bitched at by assholes. I like HoTS because I can get in, kill people, do my little spec without being over whelmed, and its over in under 20 minutes. There's still a little depth to it, but not so much that I drown in it. This is not to say that traditional mobas are bad. They aren't. They're pretty deep games and I have a lot of respect for the people who are good at them. However, I'm not good at them, and they're just not fun for me.
2The real question is why don't you have him filtered yet? There's a reason you're his only reply
5an rts with literally 1 unitwhere do people get so fucking overwhelmed, have you niggers ever played games before?
7It's not the combat or playing with the one unit, it's having to worry about all the itemization, when to upgrade, etc.Doesn't help that the communities for these games are Chernoybl level toxic.
The lack of babysitting a faggot who firstpicked a carry makes this a better solo experience.It's a LoL killer. It took Anti-Fun all the way, which Riot can't because of their shit engine,
3dont worry you will get that experience back in hero league since it uses draftingHave fun being forced to draft an entire comp around the guy that first picked Nova
7If assfaggots are "an rts with 1 unit," so is every other team game where you control one character. The game shares basically nothing with RTS, it's a diablo-style action RPG as a team pvp game originally made in an RTS's map tools. That's the only tie.
9implying it doesWe're not talking about hero tokens and doubloons from the pirate map, fuckboy.
9It actually doesn't thoughEverything comes from XP
7it's more the itemshop if anything. You get bitched at if you buy something that a pro hasn't declared is worth buying in an article.Then you have faggots that complain when someone goes top lane instead of bottom. WTF is the difference between top and bottom lane, i thought the only different one was middle because it's more prone to ganking.Most RTS games are more accessible than LoL or Dota
4I honestly think EQ is going to outlive WoW at this pointWoW is too high budget and will go into a recursive freefall of sub loss until Blizzard decides to shut it down and funnel its devs into Hearthstone, HoTS, or other low budget attempts at F2P money printers EQ will be small and stable until someone forgets to pay the electricity bills
0WTF is the difference between top and bottom laneWell on dota it determines who has easy access to the jungle camps, which means you can easily stack/pull to modify creep equilibrium.
I guess I'm just to hard into dota which requires moderate skill and planning. Where as this just seems shallow and quick. I hate quick games in dota unless its an absolute stomp really early, so I'd rather commit to a 30+ minute match where I have to farm and kill on my own and my team only gets credit where it's due.
Grinded to level 13 for the Hearthstone card backIt was actually fun
90That and in LoL it's about early dragon control.Seriously, if that's too arcane for you I doubt you ever really got into a RTS.
So am I wrong in assuming it's pretty much ARAM: the game?
6Not really.You can pick your hero, but you don't know who the fuck you're being placed with unless you're in a 5-man party.Lane comp doesn't matter too much either. You just need at least one guy in lane to soak up exp.
hey you guys like alterac valley and eye of the storm? how about that, BUT EVEN WORSE AND MORE BORING! WAAAOOOOOOOWWW
3blizzard already did that in wow with Ashran. Nothing can ever be worse than that
Ive played way too much dota and league before that and wc3 dota before that.Now HotS is a fun game. Very fun. If you have the right map and you arent stuck on a team with retards, but every moba suffers from that, the thing that will always lose you the game is having the wrong team makeup, meaning usually, a team with no healer.I enjoyed hots but quickly got bored because of the fucking MASSIVE gold grind to unlock heroes. Youre literally forced to only do dailies and then get off because the gold gain is shit and fuck you im not spending money on a boost. The other thing that sucks donkey dick is being unable to queue for maps you like and that heroes hit each other with pillows much like league and thats why i prefer dota still. I did play hots for a few months but nah, its shit.
0I enjoyed hots but quickly got bored because of the fucking MASSIVE gold grind to unlock heroes. Youre literally forced to only do dailies and then get off because the gold gain is shit and fuck you im not spending money on a boost.As shitty as it is, it works for me because I just hop on and play two or three matches once a day to get my daily done.I probably wouldn't play at all if they didn't exist
So Xseed just posted this .gif on their Twitter, apparently as a teaser for upcoming announcements.If you look closely at the notepad, it says é–ƒ. Anyone know what the other titles they're hinting at could be?
PoPoLoCrois
3I see a cockroach trap on the tablecockroach = gokiburi = sonySONY WINS AGAIN!
3Creepy Animu eyes the RPG.
8Those do look like PoPoLoCrois eyes.
, 
What are some of your favorite vocal tracks in video games?we could just have a Drakengard/Nier thread
DOD and Nier do have great vocal tracks.Other than those, I would probably go with some of Armored Core's music. Really gets me pumped up.
1I don't understand why everyone hates DOD3. I'm only 4 chapters in, but damn, this game is great in every department, especially the dialogue, the characters, and the music.
7Tried this recently but the lazy camera is killing me.
8Not everyone hates it.I liked it about as much as DOD1 and Nier, though DOD1 is my personal favorite, but it definitely differs from the previous games.
this count?
How does Mario stand on Pipes without falling in?
He stands on the edge.When you press down, he leaps off the edge into the pipe
This is a quality thread
With his feet, dumbass
there's pure black piranha plants right at the top of each pipethey can sense when mario wants to go down and lower themselves into the pipe
Because he didn't push down
Its an air pressure thing
He's slightly longer than the pipe.To get in he slightly folds himself.
See, Mario likes to live on the edge.
why does mario get big with mushrooms?
2dude weed lmao
2Shrooms, huh?
Look what I found!
These look pretty good, no?
Here's another one.
Is paper not exciting?
5No. None of them are worth it.
2That's why they're still there.
like this op
, 
Are you fucking serious?
"master" race
1Doesn't even surprise me anymore, besides what do you expect from a bunch of faggots unironically calling themselves "Master Race"
6Say thanks to streamers. They make meme games sell like candy.
Watch, ARK will be the first game to come out of early access. It will be amazing. Gabe Newell will personally christen with his own body sweat upon release.
1God forbid people think for themselves and have a little self control/foresight.
6ARK will be the first game to come out of early accessPlenty of games have come out of early access.
I'm guessing you're talking about how 3 of those are pre-orders and the top one is early access? because yeah, that's pretty stupidI don't really have a problem with any of those things otherwise
1Paying $50 for something you could do better with under $10 of HDMI cable
6Insurgency, Don't Starve and Kerbal were all early access before being completed. I'm sure there are more.
The fuck is Steam Link?
6The hero of Steampunk time
6Kerbalcompleted
6A $50 method for connecting only your steam from your computer to your TV
steam linkThe controller i get , but can't you already do what that thing does and probably for cheaper?
1what, pointing out that the same shitty hardware costs more both in actual number 50 in freedom dollars and when converted from your yurocuck 'money'?
98I think it's for if you have a house and not some easy apartment to run cables around in. If you need your TV across the house, in the garage, or downstairs or something to play shit from your PC it makes sense. I'd say just fucking play on the computer but I can at least see the idea behind it. A lot of people have their PC in the bedroom even in smaller townhouses while they have their TV and stuff downstairs and they don't always want to go up and play on there nor do they want cables running the entire goddamn house.It's a convenience item rather than a useful one.
1You die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
9I can understand the convenience of it. Personally I'd need 50 feet of HDMI and multiple usb extenders, because why else would I play computer games on my couch unless it's local co-op. I'd also have a bunch of cords running through my house. At that point I'd rather just move my computer instead, which isn't a huge hassle, but it'd get annoying moving it back and forth. I wouldn't pay $50 for steam link though.
what's that dino game about?
4Riding dinos and bad optimization, also its got a really good story in it about how you shouldn't code a game using the fucking demo version of UE4.
yeah, but you can buy the same thing cheaper.but that's how Alienware makes their profit--just take something, and jack the price the FUCK up by doing nothing but slapping their logo on the box. they've always just been following in Apple's footsteps.
4Yet Another Survival Game: Dinosaurs
Ark is one of the shittiest survival games I've seen in recent times, it's fucking embarrassing, it reminds me of those games you see on tv shows and movies because they're too cheap/lazy to use real videogame footage. This game is going to be forgotten faster than reign of kings. Also I find it hilarious how suck up to streamers to get their games exposed and the streamers in turn suck up to devs to get access/information and then after 2-3 weeks the streamers move on to the next hot thing and leave the devs high and dry
1ark is basically like the new evolve isn't it
8Like it matters, the devs get 90% of their money in the first two weeks from hype alone.
I find this quite hilarious
fallout 4 has no fucking gameplay"MOST PREORDERED GAME OF THE CENTURY GET READY #HOTDOGCON2015"FUCK YOU
looks so fucking stupid and uncomfortable. How can anyone want this thing, and is anyone buying the marking ploy it is the only device that can emulate a mouse? Fucks sake, everything it is doing can be done with a PS4 or XB1 controller, they're just substituting joysticks with track pads. Games that have a mouse tied to a joystick work fine.
I'd see it for myself first and then get my panties in a bunch OP.
1This is #4thesteamdrones OP
1If it had two comfortably placed joysticks i would have bought one already.I have a feeling that left joystick will often be necessary to use, but will be extremely uncomfortable and will make the whole thing basically unusable
1This looks so fucking stupid and uncomfortable.So don't use it.I don't understand why you guys always get so mad when some product you don't like becomes available.1 Don't buy it.2 ????3 That's literally it. Just don't buy it.
2Why are you guys discussing thing?Stop talking about things!
2I'm more annoyed at the marketing and the idea that it will comfortably emulate a mouse in a way that other controllers can't.No. It's just a touch pad. Ever try to use a mouse-based app on your phone? It's fucking awful. Nothing but a mouse will be as precise as a mouse, and their touchpad tech will be just as precise if not LESS precise as a joystick configuration. Touchpads fucking suck in ALL tech.
1This looks so fucking stupid and uncomfortable.no, it looks fucking ergonomic and comfortablewhether it's going to be useful or intuitive, is the real question
1Having your bottom thumb joint in toward your palm isn't ergonomic and will be the only way to use this. Thumbs naturally arch.I hope you can visualize what I'm explaining because this is impossible to describe.
I'm about to play this for the very first time.What can I expect, /v/?
Tits
Expect a bretty gud role-playing experience.Combat is kinda shit though.Play as if you were the character, don't be a completionist or a min/maxer. Stick with your choices, don't save scum. There is decent replay value if you'd like to play another class and make different choices.Install the fan patch.
Shit combat.
5Install unofficial patchAnswer the preliminary test and play with whatever it says, yes including malk.Remember to put some dots into combat you'll need it later.And never ever open IT.
8Answer the preliminary test and play with whatever it says, yes including malk.I've never done that.Is this a thing that people do?How common of a thing is it to do, because I've never done that myself.Why would one do such a thing?
, 
Games where you play an angel/have wings?
8ACTRAISER 1 AND 2
Fuck the Emperor
8Soul Reaver
8Legend of Dragoon.
3Hurrr durrrr Angron was misunderstoodQuiet Chaos Faggot
3
8Who are you quoting?
3
1Just insinuating general chaos fags trying to explain away why their side ruined the galaxy for all time, for everyone, forever.
5But I don't like chaos either
7Then do you prefer the Knife Ear'd gits who are slowly dying, or drugging themselves into fucking open another chaos god? Or the Naive vagina heads who's ideology crumbles and breaks whenever the truth of the universe crashes into them?Or are you Orks?
2that eldar is weabork
Kid Dickarus
5I'm imagining an eldar with an "authentic" Ork Choppa that was forged by a Mek and tested on Gretchin over a thousand times before being used on the battlefield.
3you will never fuck the Emperor
HoTS
2don't forget the red dyed cargo shorts and scrap metal fedora
4
I don't fucking understand WH40K lore at all, it's just so fucking over the top
2that's why it's fun
2It's a Greek Tragedy in Space.
6Maybe you can clear this up for me:How common is Exterminatus in the lore?I absolutely LOVE orbital bombardment in fiction, I think it's the coolest shit
3It's like a daily routine.small pack of orks invading a planet?TIME TO BLOW THE PLANET UP
Valkyrie Profile
3Exterminatus is implemented when a planet is considered beyond saving, or there's just no other practical method to fixing whatever's wrong with it, like widespread chaos worship or ork invasionsso basically all the fucking time
3It depends on how worthwhile the planet is. In all honest, the planet Armegeddon shoulda gotten the big red button, but the planet is so incredibly resource rich, that it's worth more to keep it in a state of perpetual ground war than destroy it. Some Chaos incursions or xenos tides can be brushed aside, ore are isolated enough that the planet can be salvaged with clinical military action. But sometimes, the heresy is so deep, or the planet is so gone covered in nid biomass that it's best to cut losses and Exterminatus. Also, while other anons have said that it happens every other day, this is also not true. Exterminatus is a last resort, and any Inquisitor making it is going to have to make a HUGE explanation for their rationalization for destroying an entire world/resource of the Emperor's Empire. Their reasoning has to be solid enough to warrant it. Killing a planet is not a task to be taken lightly. Like the viral weapons. They release a microbe into the atmosphere that liquefies all organic matter into jelly, flesh falls off, bones turn to noodles, ect. Then, since the entire planet is now filled with bio-gasses, they use a ship lance strike to ignite the atmosphere, and the entire planet burns, including the air. It's not pretty. And you will have to sacrifice millions of innocents usually in the process.
So the Imperium is totally fucked, right?
3So the Imperium is totally fucked, right?The current Imperium? Yes.
3The order for Exterminatus is a death knell for a world, a last resort for the direst of situations. It calls for the complete eradication of all life on a planet. Such a command can only come from the highest ranks of the Imperium - a Space Marine Chapter Master, Lord High Admiral of the Imperial Navy, Lord Commander of the Imperial Guard, or an Inquisitor.It is a grim measure, and the orders unleashing such catastrophic destruction are only issued when the threat is so prevalent that no solution or redemption can be seen. It has been used to combat planet-wide heresy, rampant, uncontrollable mutation or disease, to prevent the opening or widening of Warp rifts, or when xenos are so entrenched that the resources population included are beyond salvation.The methods of delivering this ultimate sanction vary depending on the source of the order and the organization that delivers the sentence, but all are equally uncompromising. The Adeptus Astartes tend towards delivering an Exterminatus device to the planet's surface, Such a mission takes the carefully picked kill team right to the heart of the foe, where they can ensure the absolute death of the world. By contrast, the Imperial Navy prefer sustained bombardments, using battleships to hammer the world until its very structure collapses. The grim corvettes of the Inquisition favor esoteric weapons such as cyclonic torpedoes and atmospheric incinerators.
3Everyone is fucked.Except da orkz.
5What about the necrons?
4I have no idea what NewCrons endgame is. I am not up to date on their new "Space Pharaoh" lore.
9It's to once again make the Necron dominant.
3How common is Exterminatus in the lore?So common it has been automated: 
Anyone have a site to get warcraft 3 for free?
try the piratebay
Woah man, the nature of OPs post and the specific request it contains. It's like it's really ten years ago.
But THAT IS ILLEGAL
You will never be a mount getting gently dominated by a QT playful night elf
6You do remember the first time you've fapped to a nightelf, don't you?
the thunderthighs
9You will never be a failure of a night elf warrior getting dominated by your mount
96Shut the fuck up.
Azazel chinkman can really draw.
1no
1
1Her pantie must be really stinky I bet
1fapping to this shit 10 years agoFaptalgia.
, 
, 
, 
/v/ its an honor to play this character. But I want to know, what does snake want for the future?
2Constant war to quench his progressively growing thirst for violence.
2I have a bone to pick with you, Mr. Sutherlandtrust me i am a Skelli
0Why don't you like me /v/ is it because I sound like I phoned in my lines and sound like I'm constantly drunk? Or is it because I don't know shit about this japs game lore?You see this is how you make me feel /v/
4I'm actually friends with Keifer IRL. He is actually a pretty big weeb, he hadn't heard of metal gear before he got the job but has since played a little bit of the first game and most of the fourth. He thinks it's pretty funny and he invited me over to get drunk and play P. T. On his ps4 one time. He is just a really positive dude and he likes to have fun with his roles
6Friends with Kiefer in real life
2Isn't sutherland like a massive drunken douchebag?
2Chief Kief is a way better Boss than Hayter could ever dream to be
4Japanese lore having anything to do with voice acting or MGSYou are this stupid
9japs game loregame lorenot having anything to do with MGSGreat reading comprehension.
7game loreanything to do with VA
2Japanese lore having anything to do with voice acting or MGSor MGSYou can't even read your own posts correctly, you need to get some sleep anon.
5Changing voice actors mid seriesFull retard
, 
drop unique ringit's a nagel ring
3How do you play D2?Should I skip as much as possible and get to Hell difficulty asap?
9you should skip D2 entirely and play D1 instead
9Thanks anyway.
Does it look like a sex bagel?
9Don't listen to this faggot.
drop unique ringIt's a ring of disengagement
0thanks anywayno. fuck you. play D1D2 is overplayed to shit. 2eat my ass you autist. the only people that like D2  D1 are assburger ridden perfectionists.
9wtf why would you want to do that
0D2 is overplayed to shit.he said to someone who hasn't played D2
3that's racist
3Well, I assume the best items drop in Hell difficulty.
2are you advocating playing games in the incorrect order? obviously someone new to the franchise should play D1 first regardless.
8it really doesn't matter that much.
3Unless you've got a completely gear independent class build good luck with that. You won't make it through nightmare Act 1 without a bit of normal Baal running.
2it really doesn't matter that much.
3why would you care about having the best items if you play through it the first timejust play through the game normallyyou probably wouldn't even be able to handle hell difficulty since you need really good items
3it's diablo bro. it's not that important.
drops a unique ringit's another SoJeveryone rush to the den of evil, Diablo walks the earth!
D1 felt so much better than D2. I really loved D1's gameplay rather than the zergfest that was D2.
13I see. Had to ask. So it seems like Baal til I get good equips for the next difficulty?
9Just play however you want, unlike Diablo 3, the quests are actually pretty unique and it can be really interesting just to talk with the towns folk since they have always something new to say every time when you accept or complete a quest.Unless you are very dedicated, grinding straight to hell might just burn you out since you will most likely be underleveled when you get there, and hell in this game is actually hard as fuck. At that part a lot of people just quit because they realize that they have to now grind in nightmare for a while to even be able to complete the first quest in Hell on Act 1.Just have fun, always play on multiplayer, even if you only ever plan on playing alone, always play on the multiplayer ladder. Playing with others is a completely different experience.
9never found a SoJ in my life
4Guess you never made a high MF sorc.
Skip Vanilla, go for Median.
7D1 fags really are completely delusional
2Just play however you want, unlike Diablo 3, the quests are actually pretty uniquewhatWhatWHAT?I loved D2 but the quests were the worst part of the game. Lazy designed shit with no story or depth that nobody cared about. You don't even care about the quests you just go from one zone to the next and complete the quests on the go.If you play any Diablo game for the quests something went terribly wrong.
D1 is a bad game.All it has going for it is being a template for D2.
4Maybe next time instead of literally skipping all the dialogue and ignoring the townsfolk you actually talk with them about the quest instead of immediately complaining about lore.
4the quests were the worst part of the gamecomplete the quests on the go.You're literally complaining that you complete the quests by playing the game
3Drop gemChippedSell it Another dropsThe one you sold would have made three if you bothered to check your stashAre they worth saving/slotting? I got a few that I'm transmuting and I think I'm wasting time. Most of my weapons are fine as is and I'm trying to collect a set of green equipment.
4Got a SoJ from the cow level
0D2 is overplayed to shitwhy is this a problem for someone who has never played D2 before?
7Transmuting them is a waste of time. Just get farther in the game higher level ones will start dropping on their own
9Figured as much. I'm near Diablo now, so I'm just grinding for better drops and money. On that note, fire is overpowered in this game. Two Venom Lords can kill me right there and then if they both spam it. Never mind the Fetish Shaman.
first uber trist on my very own SmiterID torch17/18 Paladin torchThat was like 8 years ago I remember those stats still.
5Anything you don't have resistance to is going to feel overpowered. Even with good resistance it might feel overpowered if you have shit vitality
5That's why you transmute a bunch of rubies and make fire resistance equipment. Better weaker in stats than fucking outright dead.
9Why not play both?
317/18
29I have fire resistance, that's the point I'm making.
9This. Diablo 1 is a good game but it doesn't take very long to see everything it has to offer
PoE or D3?
1PoE is less cartoonish but for gameplay its D3 no question
8I was just curious since kripp seems to prefer PoEI'm not really into the genre and only recently picked up both, having lots of fun
1after ladder reset made a hardcore hammerdin, easiest breeze through hell ever not even a baal run in between
amulet dropsmaras with 26 res
Anyone play on slashdiablo?
3Don't get too comfy yet, nightmare and hell will start you with severe resistance reductions.
3spend my youth playing never see a stone of jordanAt least I got that Maras before I quit
So can we just talk about how ahead of its time this game was?physics based combatenemy staminamultiple progression pathsphysics based magicchallenging melee combatThis is one of the few older games i can go back to and play all the way through without getting bored. It just plays so well.
8challenging melee combatin kicking people into things: the game
9i've never tried staff combatYou really should try it out, it's hilarious to sweep enemies legs out from under them with a giant stick.alsonot liking kick: the game
challengingit was fun but not challenging
there will never be Arx Fatalis 2 with DM melee combatSadness.
89Got the video?You know what I'm talking about.Forgot its name since its been months since I last saw it.
9835
89you know what, you're right. This game just defined my pre-teen years and i'm looking at it through my retard-goggles. I still think staff combat is hard as fuck to get right, though.wish i had enough disk space to make some webMs, currently killing infinitely spawning undead in the spider crypts because FUN.
8I agree with you OP. It's probably one of the most underrated games of all time. I replay it every year and it still feels kind of fresh. And to think that Arkane wanted to start working on a expansion right away after the first game, but muh mediocre reviews made Ubishit cancel it.
7yeah I get what you are saying. I think you meant to say "engaging" melee combat. The reason why it wasn't that difficult was because there were just so many ways to abuse the environment that there weren't a lot of enemies that could put up a decent fight. But that's a balancing issue, if they had tweaked it more it could definitely be a pretty challenging game. Or you just don't use the kick-button.
8I've never played on hardcore difficulty
I think I might be one of the most avid plays of this game. I play through it at least twice a year. I can play Hardcore as a pure melee build with no magic or stealth, running head on into every situation, which I tried in my last build, and my only two deaths were at the chase sequence with that giant worm because I always die there at least once and a Vampire Knight sneaking up on me and one shotting me while I was fighting a necromancer.I think I'm actually running out of things to do in this game, finally.
8this game was great but unfortunately my save got corrupted.I played a shield and sword warrior last time i played, what should I do in my new playthrough?
7Staves are a fucking blast, playing battle-mage right now and i fucking love staff combat.That and magic is fun.
and you know what's fun also? The fact that Bethesda did never even try to copy this combat system. Fucking lazy shits. Not even the common decency to copy melee combat that worked well.
5This. I'd gladly take this game over Skyrim-job any day.
8Yup, hitting an enemy in the head with a blunt object and having that enemy slam face-first into the floor at mach speed is one of the reasons i love this game.
8DMoM"older game"Christ you make me feel old
82006 was 20 years ago
5
And then they went on to make Dishonored. A step back in pretty much every way. RIP.
2Pokemon red came out 28 years ago
0it was still better than the steaming pile of shit that was literally any stealth game in the last few years. I played it in 2012 and recently picked it up again because the gameplay is quite fun. That doesn't happen with a lot of games for me.
2Actually, it was 10 years ago.
8wasnigga Might and Magic STILL btfo pretty much any other action RPG to date.I mean, shit, can you imagine Skyrim with this kind of combat? We'd actually play it.cast ice on floormfw enemies actually fucking SLIP
1a-anon....I think you might have been in a coma the last 10 years. Sorry that we had to tell you that.Yes. It took them 2 decades to release the PS4 and Xbone. And with their current track-record we will get the PS5 and Xtwo when my grandchildren are born
4mfw source engine in 2006 is better than gamebryo in any year
0I'd say Ground Zeroes is pretty good, it reminds me a lot of Thief. I loved Dishonored though, I don't get the hate for it, sure it doesn't reach the highs of Dark Messiah but it also doesn't reach the lows, you don't have to deal with those fucking dragons or spiders
2we are closer to the year 2020 than the year 2010
8I think the biggest problem people have with Dishonored is how easy it is to cheese through the game. Also the general lore was way better than the actual plot.
4My current play through is me just trying to make enemies slip to death.
8It's also probably one of the few games with decent budget that actually allow the player to have choices. The level-design was pretty fucking neat.
7yeah. But at least you can "fix" that by not using any powers or limiting yourself in a way. Of course it's bullshit if the players has to make it challenging for himself but at least Dishonered is a good base-game for that. It's way different with games like Skyrim where people have to fix a borked system instead of simply ignoring some options the game gives you.
class="quote"implying this isn't pure fun gameplay.
8fucking loved this game. hardest part about it was deciding how you wanted to build
5You just convinced me to get this game.
7Level of difficulty is a pretty shitty complaint. And for all that the plot was kind of mediocre, the voice acting was pretty damn good. I loved the DLCs where you played as Daud. The only major problem I had with the game was that there were a few moments hwere the game relied on you having waypoint markers on. Most of the game is best played without em but to save Curnow and find your gear in the flooded district, you're all but required to use waypoint markers. The DLC did this even worse, there were several times where the game doesn't tell you anything about your goal, you're just expected to walk towards the waypoint marker. That was by far the worst aspect of the game and yet no one ever brings that up when complaining about the game.
6You know what's funny. Graphics wise, the game looks pretty damn close to modern games, just without shaders.
6I think Dark Messiah is easily one of the best looking games relative to its release date
0yeah. I also turned most of the HuD off, the game kind of suffered from HuD overload. They could have put the entire fucking HuD except for life and mana on the heart-thingy. Would have done the same shit. You just need to know once where you have to go, the general direction is enough.
6Well that's because it is.
9only done one full playthrough of the game and it was on hardcoreas far as i can tell it's just a health modifier
Okay, /v/. I've been playing The Witcher 2, after playing the first game a long time ago, and I just want to gauge how you all feel about this.start in dark modethe prologue takes about a million triesby the end of chapter 1 things are much easierI'm using potions, coatings, traps, bombs, signs, to the best of my ability and feel a legitimate sense of accomplishment when finishing questsreally enjoying the game, think it's legitimately greatnotice a few gimmicky segments where I play as other people or as myself with my abilities severely limitedrealize these segments are largely used as methods of keeping the player moving while expositing story points and, as such, accept themthey seem to be happening with greater frequency as the story goes onsuddenly I'm an assassin who has to walk step for step behind another assasin so Geralt can find big guy...still accept this because I enjoy the base game so muchhoping to soon get back to using my tactics and kicking assThe Eternal Battle happensIs this a fucking joke? I can't use ANY methods that make this game what it is. I can't use traps or signs or even fucking roll. The great armor and sword I spent all that time exploring to get are replaced with shit and my only combat options are to either do limp-wristed-slap-attack 1, limp-wristed-slap-attack 2, or to parry. I don't know /v/. Am I missing something? Because I'm really about to drop this game, and I don't want to.
The segments all last around 10 minutes maximum just git gud and finish them instead of quen spamming and rolling like a shitter
Literally everyone told you the combat was ass and to only play it for the waifus and story but you didn't fucking listen.
4It's last sequence like that in the game.
1I've never even upgraded quen. I mostly use Aard and whatever the trap sign is. The crux of my problem is I am now facing 5 wraiths and that big gay draugir with only the ability to attack and parry while playing in a game mode where my character will die when hit by three frontal attacks or one from behind.5I don't visit /v/ or pay attention to le /v/ gaming memes. I just played the first game a long time ago and one of my dudebro friends was talking about the wild hunt so I decided to try this. I actually like the combat. I don't like that the game establishes this combat and then takes all of the fundamentals of it away from me at such a crucial point.
6But I can't seem to get past it.
1probably has never played a witcher game/10
4yeah those parts are bullshit try and lure single enemies away from the groups and dispatch themotherwise just put down the difficulty for this part, no shame in it
0I was under the impression that after I turned the game difficulty down from dark mode, I would permanently lose all of my dark-specific armor and not be able to turn the difficultly up again.
8oh shit im sorry im sleepyjust stick with it i suppose
Has there ever been a game able to pack such emotional weight in the first 15 minutes like TLOU did?
Tetris
Dunno about the first 15 minutes but Nier gave me many feels throughout the game, particularly at the end
pc when
Skyrim.
Zelda II
0whathat
4The trailer for Dead Island.
4Any Saints Row game
muh daughter Lazy hack writers. Surprised they didn't throw in some dead puppies too.
4Tiger handheld Double Dragon 2.
3MuhWell memed my friend
Lisa
9Well memed my friendI like your meme as well.
, 
How's that gaming related channel going /v/?
I haven't uploaded anything substantial for months. Been too busy writing shitposts.
1Then go make some videos so I can watch some /v/ content
4My content isn't that flash hot, it's just video game longplays without commentary. A lot of the time I just drop them completely because I suddenly start losing motivation hard.
havent uploaded a video on three monthshavent uploaded a video game related video in over a year
4Bringing out a new vid soon but have been super busy. Low budget and just want to entertain:
Had have a few game videos but now main focus is lore
1tfw you haven't uploaded anything substantial in a month because your mother diedCounts as an excuse right?
6Yeah probably. Eventually you'll have to do something though otherwise depression kicks in and you just go for years without doing anything productive.Might as well link what I do and hope I get banned for advertising, runt.ch
Haven't made a video besides onein years. This is the epitome of my collection though2 years ago
good
I am torn between my ideal of not making gimmicky content and the reality that whoredom is the only proven way to get anywhere on YouTube. I just want to establish my shit so that I don't have to look for ways to spread that are more than just viral garbage.
I wanted to try making video reviews but after attempting 3 different ones in the span of a month and dropping each one I realized it's not for me.
I have maybe two more ideas for videos, but after that I can't imagine anything more. But it's okay, because I never planned for this channel to be something to gradually work on, more just something to upload on from time to time.
7I feel you. I guess the only way is to make it out of sheer enjoyment and to cherish every single one who actually becomes a regular fan.
So is plugging your own YT channel not considered advertising? I see these threads every day and they don't get deleted. Is 4chan this deep in Google's pocket?
It's going a bit slow, but we're having fun.Lot more fun than playing video games.
Pretty good, just finished my fallout 4 review
4They do get deleted though, just not immediately.
4They get deleted and people get banned, it's just not an auto thing.
If I could find the passion to make more creeper shit I'd totally do it, but today's games just don't give the freedom to troll, and those that do aren't popular enough to sustain an audience.
are there any people who play video games like OneyWivPebbles or Cr1tikal or something? i need my latest fix of watching people play games
Pretty good. Just over 5.2 million subs now.I don't even like video games at this point, not the ones on the channel anyway. I just come here to talk about the obscure anime games
5bullshit what's your channel?
6
2I guess there's honorable whoredom, if we stick to posting in relevant threads or discussions. Any attention is beneficial to YouTube, so as long as we maintain some amount of exposure we can only go higher and higher. I mostly just want to appeal to people who want to see supercuts of glitches or moments where some funny shit during co-op, which is to say I want to jump into the most oversaturated part of the goddamn thing and somehow come out on top.So every one of us has to stand out somehow, and I'm still working on finding what I can add that will make my content distinct. Anyway, do you want to post your channel link? I'll give you some views
2I gave you more then enough of a hint with the sub count.
Fuck you Jesse, I'm posting your channel out of spite.
4i knew id get thati dont care, the SleepyCabin guys are hilarious. its not even to watch them game, i want to listen to good conversation
4no you didnt. we dont have an encyclopedic knowledge of random youtube sub counts
How do you even upload videos to youtube, doesn't it take a long time to convert, process and upload?
2Anyway, do you want to post your channel link? I'll give you some viewsCan't say no to that.
5 SeaNanners?
0You start the upload, leave the PC on and/or do other shit in the meanwhile.
5It sure is easy to lie on the Internet.
0Oh snap.5If you're really Seananners, I just wanted to say I like you.
I started streaming on twitch.
3leaving the PC and doing other shitWell I guess I am not uploading anything ever then.
2There wasn't a single joke in that video. If you make another video, write at least ONE joke, and make it the best joke you can write, even if you have to write and scrap a thousand other jokes.
I should probably get a youtube partnership so I can get one of those shiny 100k sub plaques
5You can also just open ANOTHER TAB, ANON
0CAN I PLAY VIDEOGAMES WHILE IT'S UPLOADING
Which program do you use to record your videos, guys?
9Good stuff, the accent is distinctive in a good way. Judicious use of profanity, good informational videos, no bad gimmicks. Will sub to show support
Posted this shit a couple threads ago, but I'm planning on Twitch streaming and Lets plays with my friends who all hate each other because we know we can because we've been together for so long. I also made us all dumb characters to make it more interesting when people watch or something, because instead of the 6 of us talking about waifus and dicks, its a bunch of cartoon characters talking about waifus and dicksI know it isn't gonna skyrocket into popularity but its something for us to do other than kill ourselves
1A U T I S MUTISM
7Yes offline.
3How do i git this gud?
1Well, that's kinda cool to know.But I'd rather stream than make videos, no editing needed.
2Thanks.
want to make some videosmy voice and accent are disgustingly blandalso a slow speakerjust end it all
My BFs channel is coming along pretty well, he just started a month ago and is up to 183 subs and a small twitter following even though he doesn't play the newest games, mostly just what I gift him or what he finds during sales.Personally I couldn't do it. To me it seems to take a lot of guts to put yourself out there like that and I'm just too shy and socially awkward.
1don't upload video games
8that sounds pretty entertaining
I started streaming on Twitch a couple of days ago.Got 4 follows. Feeling fine.Going to start doing a lets play with my friends this weekend.
7Sorry but there is another video on my channel that was suppose to be in relation to this review. It was my Cod Ghosts review and the joke was ment for subscribers of mine who have seen the previous one. So maybe I should of linked the other one then
5I feel your pain brotfw extreme isolation has destroyed any distinctive features of my voice, which sounds way too young due to underuse
1That one was shit too. There wasn't an ounce of effort or thought put into either of them. Just burn some fucking calories until you come up with something funny, or stop making videos.
i don't know. recently just started since i got a ps4. probably need better editing software than using windows movie maker like a jackass. i don't really got any ideas so it'd just be stupid spur of the moment shit for my own enjoyment
6shame, i guess my humor isn't cut out for this world yet
4What's with the black border. That something that happened after WMM?Actual video was alright.
my tomodachi life video got popular but that's about it. I just upload random shit when im bored
slog through witcher 1 because apparently the story is greatturns out the story is trite amnesia/OMG THE HOLY KNIGHTS ARE THE BAD GUYS craptold witcher 2's combat is better than 1'sturns out it's horrid, and there's a really popular mod that makes it not-so-horrid in some ways and extra-horrid in othersi feel so thoroughly duped; as though everyone saying they're enjoying the third one is just in on the joke and stringing me along
OMG THE HOLY KNIGHTS ARE THE BAD GUYSWent right over your head didn't it?Protip: There are no "bad guys".
6told witcher 2's combat is better than 1'sNo one ever said this
told witcher 2's combat is better than 1'sIt is.That doesn't mean it isn't shit.
2You sound like a supreme idiot.
Rhythm game vs generic open world controls.Theyre both not great but TW1 is so much worse. Can someone please explain why this is hailed as the better combat?
2That area with the 3-4 knights is the ultimate casual filter.Not even defending Witcher 2's combat but if you can't beat those guys you must seriously suck at videogames.
92ehehhee
i'm trudging through the first one, when does it get better?
2THE HOLY KNIGHTS ARE THE BAD GUYSFucking nonhuman scum
2That DSP vid was fucking funny. How seriously autistic do you have to be to not manage them?Also neutral route is the only good route for W1.
8It gets better the further you get into it. Act 4 is when it really starts to pick up.
1it gets good after __ hours!I can get past a slow start but If I have to endure more than a quarter of the game being shit to get to the good parts then they have failed as game developers.
1The only really shitty parts are the constant running in the swamps and the first act in vizima outskirts. Otherwise it's pretty good.
The fuck is with everyone's worship of the sequel? It's straight garbage, the combat is frustratingly diffficult and clunky. The Witcher 1's combat was weird but at least it made sense after some getting used to. With that being said, TW1 is fucking GOAT after the second chapter onward.
0TW1 is fucking GOAT after the second chapter onwardHow can anybody think this?How old are you?
2ploughin' squirrel lover
2How can you not love the third, fourth and fifth chapters? That scenery and atmosphere bruh
1i'm stuck in chapter 2 playing dice with hookers and shit
1The first Witcher game is good straight away, you just need to get into it. While I think it deserves praise I believe that overhyping it caused people to expect it to suddenly kick ass, but at heart it's a moody game that you need to take in slowly. After X hours its qualities become much more apparent, but if you aren't getting into it I'm not sure that slogging through the beginning of the game will cause you an epiphany.
Currently stuck in an airport overnight.I wanna forget about my situation. What are some good games that take place in an airport?
Is FFX-2 worth playing? I haven't played FFX since it was new, so I've forgotten about 90% of the plot. I would be playing a PS2 version, not the HD edition.
If you want to complete everything and get the best ending, no. The percentage system will make you want to kill yourself.
Yes, if you are not a completionist psycho. It's fun. It's open. It's cute. The International/HD edition has some additional niceties. I'd opt for that.
It's pretty decent. Just don't 100% it, it's too much work for the worst ending.
A completionist nightmare, but if you're not worried about it then yeah.The job system and battles are fun but the story is pretty meh.I still feel a prequel with Braska, Jecht, and Auron would have been better.
Gameplay was pretty neat, but holy fuck, the plot/dialogue/characterizations/etc are all garbage. It's like worse than a straight to video disney sequel.
2As Auron once noted, Spira resists change. You'd probably just end up going through the same stuff as X1, only with a downer at the end. Any ideas to make a prequel more interesting?
2It sucks just like the first X
It's got a rad job system, the jobs are a pain to get though.
6Uh... Surprise twist ending that nobody thought happened?Besides, even if you know the ending the game itself can be good.Pic related did it, and is a fucking demigod of prequels.
2Yes.Just come into it as a game. The story and as others have said the completionist/best ending stuff is retarded, but the battle system and etc is fun. Play it as a game that has the classic FF style.
7I got an idea. You get to play as Jecht in final aeon form and tear Sin's shit up. I've always wanted to see a final aeon actually defeat Sin.
6You'd probably just end up going through the same stuff as X1, only with a downer at the end.I still feel this would have been better then X-2's story.I wouldn't mind getting more information about the machina war between Bevelle and Zanarkand and spinning a tale around that.But it doesn't necessarily have to focus on Yu Yevon, Yunalesca, Zaon, or Shuyin and Lenne.Maybe some continuity nods here and there but not overly involved in the main plot.
1A prequel set 1000 years in the past, the real Zanarkand might be cool. Before or possibly during the machina war.
0This sums it up nicely, OP.
Alright /v/What's the most lewd vidya for the PS3 right now?I think it's pic related
6Pics of the maximum overlewd?
6Man she looks so thick there. Learning well from Pochaco it seems. Unf. Based Santa. Now I'm gonna have to buy this kusoge when I get a job.
Do not sexualize the Sonico.
That's just a coffin RIP in peace Nitro+
Maybe this 4
0
Civ 6 when
Who gives a shit? The second Civ 6 expansion would be more relevant.
, 
60 fps
Why is Keanu throwing up? He isn't sick is he?
Ultra settings *le epic pukeface*
5its a scene from john wick7agreed, once you go 144hz you cant go back
5cant beleive some people still play on 60fps in 2015... let alone 30fps......
good gameplay
Playing games
6not even 30fps anymore, most console games run under 25 most of the time, and it only appears to be getting worse.
7good gaems
bum,
I want to join the newest generation of gaming so,should i buy a $400 graphics card, or a ps4?or an xbox oneSry,thank you
Where are the Wii/WiiU versions?
3The Wii U exist.
What about a Gamecube version?
3failing this hard at greentexting
49He said next gen not last
Ummmm where's the Vita version???
6who are you quoting?
5WiiU is this gen graphics.
5graphics are the only thing that matters for a generationHow does it feel being the single biggest factor of gaming's decline.
3Obviously a graphics card. Are you stupid?
PS4 and XBone have no gamesWii U has 2 good gamesPC has 20 years worth of games
I've been thinking about building a PC for the past 6 months.It'll probably be another 12 before I'm confident enough to do it, then another 12 again after I fuck that up before I feel confident enough to try a second time.
Mfw it all looks like shitJesus christ are weviewing this from a camera with an overexposed lens? Why so much fucking HDR shit?Where's the tonemapping, this light bleaching shit is horrible.
If you're willing to put down $600, go PCOtherwise xbone.PS4 is simply not worth a purchase.
3Man PS3 sucks ballz
graphics cardthe only reason to get a ps4 is bloodborne, the coming great games like FF XV, KH III and MGS V are getting pc release so no reason to not joing pc gaymen which let's you use online for free and also there's mods to fix shit and add penises
, 
Tries to revisit some x360 games after playing PCMOTION BLURBLOOMDOF720X600 RESOLUTIONLOAD SCREENSSQUINTINGLETTERBOX BARSAt least it's still good for playing party games like Fuzion Frenzy 2, Guitar Hero III, etc.
6You forgot23 fps
go to play console gamerotate the camerafeels like it's moving through mud
So I just came back from Japan and I played this fucking game for probably 10 hours straight until I went outside and saw little white squares in everything. I got to play it once in the US before they took down the proxy E-Amuse net, I think, but I didn't get to sit down and actually try to get good at it. Now I did. I need more.I haven't been so into a rhythm game since Guitar Hero years ago, even when I tried to get into Beatmania. This is so good. I need to get good, /v/. I fucking need to. I feel it in my bones. Is K-Shoot a passable alternative? How do you even get songs for that? What's a good controller? How are people emulating this? What the fuuuuck
That's a nice waifu I didn't read your post
8Played the shit out of that when I was there too. Mostly the second one, then I found that the third one came out when an arcade was doing a rainy day special... Groove Coaster Taito arcades was pretty sweet too.
4Shit, I'll need to try that when I go back
8k-shoot is the main sim, yeah.The best controller out there is generally considered the Virgoo Turbocharger, but if you can't afford that a bootleg as fuck but still usable one recently came onto the market at gj-tao.com.
9Meh, getting a really solid feel with that controller seems really important.Does K-Shoot play the effects back from the SDVX mix?
voltex
5I'm not really sure, I've never actually played it. And yeah, I would definitely shell out for a real controller if you can afford it. Turbochargers are really nice and solid, and they also have built in support for k-shoot too.Do you have a Steam or Skype or something I can talk to you on? I have much to talk about.
If you're lucky/live in California there may be a Round 1 near you that has legit SDVX 3
4Sure, hit me up at vaati000 on skype.inb4 dat username2fffGuessing nowhere on the east coast, right?
3not yet. Somewhere in MA though eventually.
8you can have 1 and 2 you just need to search hard enough
2I assume it's in socal?
tfw no pcbid
Want a Sows invite?
2maybe. it'd be more convenient than baidu stuff and I have bandwidth to spare.maxim.2020@gmail.com
8playing non keysounded rhythm games
8Menus are hard to navigate if you can't read Japanese. I kept getting the tutorial at first because I read so slowDidn't really like the game though. I guess I just wasn't familiar with many of the songs
1What are keysound games?
3your button presses actually play a part of the songnon keysounded means button presses dont actually alter the sound of the song
3What GH tried to fake by having the guitar track turn off when you miss a note
4So like if you miss a note, it'd not play that sound or something?
9Yeah, it means the notes to the song are actually played by you hitting the buttons. So the song plays with your actual timing, if you miss notes they won't play, and if you hit extra buttons you'll hear extra notes in the song.It's actually really cool but doesn't really work with anything other than produced electronic music where the notes can be separated
9Yes.
tfw it's my dream to go to Japan but scared of flying
4Tfw want to fuck a spider girl but scared of spiders
, 
Obsidian
2more likegamebryo
2more like obsidian
here we go
ObsidianDid you know that Bethesda did the bug testing and patchingfor NV?
0Who are these testicle tamers?
not knowing Bethesda was in charge of Q&A
gamebryo
0Holy fuck the tits on that one in the blue in the bottom row. MUUUUH DDIIICCCKK
thankfully they won't touch fallout again
Obsidian
2I've always wondered. Are they always implants because let's be honest most of them are flatter on average and the only big titted one's I see are in porn
4Maybe only the busty ones get jobs in porn.
4I dunno man. Big tits on an asian is like the motherfucking holy grail.
2
8What's wrong with thoroughly answering the question?
0They all look the same
8I'd rather a developer not answer questions with more than one sentence
8what's wrong with this
why is it circledhow is anyone going to miss the fucking center of the picture
4You're giving an awful lot of credit to Bethesda's target demographic
4Because this is a damage control thread. Another thread was bitching about textures or some shit with it circled red and now here we are in a different thread.
2Bethesda did QA.
0post-cancer YumaJUST
8There is absolutely nothing wrong with any of this. All of this is correct, and I would love to play tabletop RPGs with either of these people. As long as it wasn't D&D. Because fuck D&D. Hate that shit.
2It's bethesda's fault they didn't fix Obsidian's fuckups
1Considering Obsidian had to use Bethesda's assets and Bethesda was responsible for the bug testing, yeah it kind of was.
1it's obsidians fault they had to use bethesda's shitty engine
2Considering Obsidian is the one who commited the fuckup, it really isn't. 8Yeah, fuck bethesda for not giving obsidian a massive budget and a decade so they could write a new engine from scratch and make a game. Considering the glorified mod that is NV was so rushed and messy.
1To be fair most of the bugs present in NV were also present in FO3. The engine is just shit for what they wanted to do with it.
7I don't think it's the engine's fault you decided to give someone typewriter animations and forgot to give them a goddamn typewriter.
1But it literally is, anon. What do you think QA is for if not to fix broken shit?
2There are plenty of great engines to use, and there were plenty of great engines five years ago. There were plenty of better engines than Gamebryo 10 years ago. Many of them are free or available for easy or cheap licensing.
8I've only played 1 tabletop rpg in my life. What's wrong with dungeons and dragons?
8WoD romanticize vampiresStopped reading right there
5Hang out on /tg/ for a day.ubiquitous medieval high fantasygame system has always been slow, clunky, unintuitivegame introduced power creep through levelling systems to tabletop rpgsunbalanced characters which can make other players completely redundantinspired the worst generation of fantasy fiction
9oh, alrightwhat are some good rpgs in your opinion?
9"good" isn't the best question to ask. There are lots of stuff that makes RPGs good. Some people like using clever game mechanics to overcome challenges. Others like to create a story and characters with roleplaying and let the mechanics do very little. Yet others like the world to be simulated for them.I like to have minimal game mechanics. The mechanics serve as a referee for me, an aid for me to help tell a story with my friends. So I like easier systems, like Basic Roleplay.But just as easily, other people will give you different answers.
2Thank GOD for that red circle, I'd have missed it!
2fallout 3 fags this mad they have to clinge to every minor bug ignoring the fact that fallout 3 is riddled with bugs too
9playing DND to powergameFuck that, play DND as framework for roleplaying and get a DM who isn't a rule stickler and makes house rules that are fun and make sense.
9Seriously this. I'm currently playing with a guy who just wants to loot and build an op character and the group absolutely hates him.This isn't skyrim, its actually got freedom and choices.
8Q&A
8
4Asians are statistically only one cup smaller than let's say the western average.This doesn't mean they can't have titty monsters though.
4
Relies on codebases built by other devsMade the animators from the licensed projct finish their game for them when it ran into development hellPossibly the only devs worse than Bethesda
8Are you talking about South Park? That game was in development hell because THQ went bankrupt.
5they did?
So, anyone experiencing serious buyers remorse for this thing? I know Nintendo's modern fanbase will defense force this thing and their choices as usual but seriously...Promise a core consolePromise core gamesgames come outthey're completely oversimplified or dumbed down even more than Wii games but without the gimmicks shoehorned into the game play as "a necessity"-Only one good Mario game for it NSMBWiiU, 3D world was way too fucking oversimplified with no complexity in its simplicity to make up for it-No Zelda till 2016-dong freeze feels like another DKC:R-Mario kart 8 is casualized as fuck, no 2nd item, coins in roulette so people can catch up easier, 5th and back is a clusterfuck, eliminated defense options, attacking gets your ass blown out because coins are fucking common as fuckAt least the DLC tracks and music are amazing, but it doesnt make up for the babyfied handholdy gameplay-Smash 4 is SUPER OVER SIMPLIFIED, it's the dullest fucking Smash experience ever. It's completely unexciting, dull, and listless. The only thing that Smash 4 improves over previous entries is online.-Xenoblade X confirmed for DLC driven and teleporting hits like a fucking MMO, dropped.-modern fanbase is full of whining faggots who defend casualization, DLC, and the eventual online paywall we'll face in the future-Hardware is ass and talks are already floating around about a new platform-No resident evil or Any castlevania in its future-Other games hardly interest meI swear to fuck Yarn Yoshi, Starfox, and other upcoming titles better be fucking amazing. Splatoon is a super limited disaster, all the major hitters except zelda are out and they're shit.in b4 YOU'RE SHITPOSTING BECAUSE YOU POSTED OPINIONS I CANT HUGBOX
8-Only one good Mario game for it NSMBWiiU, 3D world was way too fucking oversimplified with no complexity in its simplicity to make up for itYour opinion, others like it-No Zelda till 2016Sorry Zelda isn't one of those yearly release titles-dong freeze feels like another DKC:RThey're all DKC of course they feel similar-Mario kart 8 is casualized as fuck, no 2nd item, coins in roulette so people can catch up easier, 5th and back is a clusterfuck, eliminated defense options, attacking gets your ass blown out because coins are fucking common as fuckgit gudAt least the DLC tracks and music are amazing, but it doesnt make up for the babyfied handholdy gameplayDon't see how it's hand holdy-Smash 4 is SUPER OVER SIMPLIFIED, it's the dullest fucking Smash experience ever. It's completely unexciting, dull, and listless. The only thing that Smash 4 improves over previous entries is online.It may be lacking in modes now but they're coming through DLC-Xenoblade X confirmed for DLC driven and teleporting hits like a fucking MMO, dropped.Don't care-modern fanbase is full of whining faggots who defend casualization, DLC, and the eventual online paywall we'll face in the futureYou can't stop DLC stop acting like this is Nintendo's fault, they were last to jump on the bandwagon-Hardware is ass and talks are already floating around about a new platformNintendo hardware has always been ass are you new? And no shit there's talks-No resident evil or Any castlevania in its futureNintendo doesn't own any of those franchises, what's the complaint? -Other games hardly interest meYour problem
le remorse mei mei
Why did everyone hate this game?I loved this game, definitely on my top 5 games of all time.
tried the second one, it was unplayable
1The second one was literally 100 times better than the original.
5I thought and it's sequel were alright. I wanted to have more customization. There was something about it's magic system I liked, but I don't remember what it was.
I thought it was better than oblivion.
as a person who found it on a shelf and had no expectations, I thought it was a great game.lots of area to explore, stats to sink into, just a metric ton of fuckin gameplay to pound down.it wasn't super high quality, but it was a lot of fun for the summer I played it.
8That doesn't take much.
Epic edition actually fixed a lot. Also, a lot of people played the 360 version for some reason, which was completely unplayable unless you spent 30 minutes entering console commands to reduce video settings every time you booted up the game.
It was alright. I remember the graphics had some problems though.
They shouldn't have divided single player and multiplayer like that. Could have been a decent game otherwise, if it was all one or the other.At least it's not as bad as Raven's Cry though, I guess.
Hello this is Todd Howard here.Thank you for supporting Fallout 4.We're going to be sure to streamline it even more so it's even more accessible than Skyrim.And we promise that when we say infinite quests, we mean infinite quests.You see that mountain?You can climb it.
7Thank you based ToddI will pirate day one
Your move EA
8NBA Streetbad
0This. The 2k series isnt bad either, the engine is phenomenally smooth
Someone got fucking grumpy after being fired
People tweeted him about NBA Jam.
1he still has isabelle
2K is the shit, this fucker probably plays gay shit
8Mario Hoops 3on3
8Looks like EA got Nintendowned
1so he really did get fired? that wasn't just a joke for the video?
Of course, he is some nintendofag. Seriously, he's an adult playing kids games, what a queer.
based bill
8REKT STATUS:[] NOT REKT[X] REKT[X] VERY REKT[X] MASSIVELY REKT[X] REKASAURUS REKT[X] REKT LIKE THE TITANIC[X] REKING CREW[X] REKING BAD[X] REK CITY BITCH REK REK CITY BITCH
1Of course not, he just appeared in the Nintendo Direct a couple days ago.
Why would someone high up at Nintendo make that kind of statement that could potentially fuck a deal in the future?
9Because he's not. He got fired.
6 got fired appears in the next video reduced
WHO /DUBS/ HERE
9Because there's no deal coming
Is it time to post Bill fired edits yet?
9future dealAmerican sportshey better not make fun of that madden guy, i hear his games are up for grabs!
Bill's probably salty from Reggie beating him at 2K15
8hes basically calling mario 3on3 hoops a bad gamei thought nintendo was suppose to defend their games no matter what?that game did kind of sucked though.
0He said NBA not basketball m8
8sorry bill but tecmo basketball is the shit
4what else does NBA stand for then?
0NBA Street had no right being as good as it was.tfw my self insert got the nickname "Swish"
0Only took one post also vol. 2
NBA FUCKING JAM
6NBA is the National Basketball Association, an organization that deals in basketball. Basketball is a sport.All NBA games will be about basketball, but not all basketball will be about the NBA.
8NBA JamNBA StreetBarkley, Shut Up and JamBarkley, Shut Up and Jam GaidenMicheal Jordan: Chaos in the Windy CityShaq FuBill's just mad that he's white and therefore terrible at a sport where jumping is required
Biggest fucking insult someone can say to me.
6It's an actual franchise. One that EA has agreement rights to. Which is why no one else can make a game with NBA on it nor use any of the real players
9Oh man. Thanks to Bill, Nintendo will never get to translate that japanese basketball game I always wanted :
7well aren't you a fucking edgy mother fucker
7mein nigger
7Sports game, RPG, fighting game, and first person shooters. Youre everything thats right with the gaming community
5i dont think you know what edgy means, memester
4I only play Dark Souls and Basketball games
BANGALANGA-DO_DAH!
74there are people on /v/ right now that actively gives money to EA
1because he is a dark soul
7Executive Produced by JAY-ZWhat a fucking tool
3R E K TEKT
74NBA 2K is garbage faggot gb2 /sp/
74Darkies plz go
3literally no EA games on either list.
3What the fuck are you talking about?I love when ignorant fucks post. Make us all laugh
9EA hates nintendo, so i doubt that possibility
32K isn't EA m8 you're thinking of NBA Live
3NBA2kEAbeing this stupid
7But I love /v/
7Show me your most played games faggot
38Nobody's pointing out the fact that he thought there was an EA game on Steam
8Huh thought they had a license agreement like with all the the sports games.
8Sonichu medallionWhy African man
5It's summertime and I'm gonna post on 4chan alllll niiighhhtt! Sorry mom!
5No, they hijacked the NFL rights because they knew they couldn't compete with 2K. I guess they couldn't pay off the NBA and subsequently got blown out.
5HURR DURR IM AN IGNORANT FUCK
2he doesn't have a sonichu medallion
4Honestly, are you guys fucking retards? Is there hundreds of hours of content in a basketball game?
47
0need for speed is ea isn't it?
2dynasty modefucking niggas up onlinecreating playersdoing fantasy draftswinning titles with shit teams like the TimberwolvesIt's like you think someone is gonna play 20 pick up games in real life and go " Okay, I've played enough basketball for the rest of my life "
2I know! I'll attempt to bond with my fellow faggots! :
0being this upset that people like sports gamesGo play a waifu simulator, you clearly need a dose of positive feelings my man.
2Any game had hundreds of hours of content when your competitive at it and really good like Street fighter, CSGO, LoL etc. I know thats hard for you to fathom since youre a casual that only plays for the story
8Starblunder time was idle time
8SeattleNo wonder he's mad as fuck.
3you give money to nintendois ok to give money to cancer because is nintendo.
02This must be him 
2
1this gives me cancer
2Wow look, its 97% of /v/
2This is sad.
7MKA good fighting gameAyyyyyyy
2He didn't say "good", dipshit.
2idling on splash screens
1There are only 168 hours in a week what the FUCK
NBA JamBad
124 hours in a day168 hours in a week336 hours in 2 weeks672.2 hours past 2 weeks am I missing something here?
2AHAHAHAHAthe niggers he was making fun of far less pathetic
6Niggers are so dumb
2Running multiple games at once is the only explanation.
2A little about me: I'm a professional Sakura Spirit player I make around 700 dollars for each hour I play it.I HOPE HES TELLING THE TRUTH, SOMEHOW
4basketsouls
1dynasty modesuddenly think of dynasty warriors empiresrealize that there isn't a three kingdoms strategy sim where you take over other regions and all battle-based gameplay takes place in a basketball courtyou will never do a Wei cool slam dunk and style on all the Shu-fags and Wu-niggers while simultaneously taking up all of their supplies and food, leaving them with jack shitHOLY FUCK KILL ME RIGHT NOW
2We should all report him
0how are you getting people steam profiles from hours played?
/v/ hates sports games and calls it a casual shitwould literally get wiped if they tried to play 2K on hall of fame modeif some random /v/irgin that doesn't play sports games manages to put up at least 40 points by the end of the 4th, I'd be damn surprised.
9tfw you will never play modern American sports games on your Nintendo home consoleOh wait, that's a good feel.
8EA's move right here
0first post in the thread is the correct answer.NBA Street is one of the best sports games there are.Nothing better than wrecking teams with your alien homies
2bruh....
8Nba jam is fucking good
7MY GAME IS HARD THAT MEANS ITS NOT CASUAL STOP IT GUYS
9hell yeahthis game was the fuckin tits
0fruit cakeHue
9welp kiss this goodbye bitch
4executive produced by jay-zis that some blaxploitation they're trying?
9he struts around like he's actually retarded
9i really hope he doesn't think that waddling as you turn around makes you look tough
all those NBA2K enthusiastsHell yeah, motherfucker.
He's just mad nobody makes sports games for his precious consoles anymore...
had absolutely zero interest in basketball or negro shenanigans growing upinexplicably bought NBA Ballers and played the ever-living fuck out of it until my cousin eventually stole itnever touched another sports game after that
6BRAVO GAME FREAK
1Maybe you should go outside and play basketball instead of playing terrible video games.
0what is nba2k
2This is the average person with 1,200+ hours in Dota 2
9God EA Sports was fantastic
5Uh, you must be thinking of EA BIG.
9NBA 2K are good video games. I'm sorry you dislike sports but that obviously makes you a biased fuck and not an objective source of criticism.
7What else could a man need?
Man there is some funny stuff in this threadhere is an old image
2
2using best girl for his faggy shitHe deserves to burn
9i like his little tidies
1dislike sportsSorry, I like actual sports.
7Nigger all madden mode is hard doesn't mean the game is hardAll sports games have a algorithm that you have to solveThe only sports game that I can't think of that was truly skill based was fight night champion and nobody played it because it was too hard for their faggot ass
7that shit taste
tfw the homie uses the Cavs in 2k15 and ends up dunking on your with Lebron all dayHe keeps fucking my shit up, fam?
7What's so "funny" about this thread you motherfucking aspie, I bet you're just posting your shitty meme picture you found on reddit so everyone can comment on how epic it is.
0only good taste ITT
5reddit projecting
5playing visual novels for 7000 hours is good taste
0Seriously one of the dumbest fucking comments I've ever read on here. FNC was great, but even on the hardest difficulties hilariously easy to cheese the AI with parries.NBA2k is a different beast. The CPU is constantly running plays on you and you have to be quick as fuck to adjust on defense, and they close out on shooters instantly on D. You have to run plays and pick apart the defense or get blown out. FNC is nowhere close to as deep mechanically.
play 2k15go play the mypark modenobody ever passes
0SERVIN' IT UP!
9I thought the same thing at first, but when I checked his Twitter to see if this is real, most of his tweets are just him being a regular person. Pretty awesome.
5Don't be so upset, the image I posted was posted on this board before reddit.Just look at the posts with a few replys, they are pretty entertainingHere is another old image
0fight nighthardActually, one of my biggest complaints about the series is that the hardest difficulty is not hard enough.FN Round 3just bob and weave and throw counter hooksCPU gets wobbly and ready to go downhaymaker to the body gets them 9 out of 10 times
7expecting nig nogs to know how to play
NBA Jam
0For you
0That's because it is the right answer.Booyah!
8Wait, is he referring to video games or actual games played in the NBA? Maybe he's calling out NBA and not the video games made by EA
BOOMSHAKALAKA
7round 3talking about champion 5the game does what it suppose to doMadden does itFIFA does itIf nba 2k is the only sports game you've played in the last 4 years then you need to expand that anon.Nba2k Difference from last year's title is minimal and if you truly believe the ai is truly that great then I guarantee you'd hear more about it but you don't because it is a typical sports game algorithm .
NBA 2kNBA StreetNBA Jam and other midway basketball gamesThere's plenty
8OH NO YOU AIN'T
74I remember that time during the steam tags clusterfuck and some people started tagging sports games as incest
0I meant the whole series and used FNR3 as an example.
0There are several which is why there have been multiple EA based Humble Bundles.
i only play the NHL series once every 3 years
NBA 2k is waaaaaay better than stuff like madden though
5Madden hasn't been good for years and they don't have competition.
6madden has never been goodnfl2k5 remains the pinnacle of football games
NBA JAMNBA Street vol. 2NBA Live 2003Space Jam the gamec'mon trintran step it up
61Do either of you even understand what fedora tier shit is? Because it sure as hell isn't fucking basketball.
5NCAA was better then both Then EA had to fuck everything up
9I remember seeing this weird basketball/fighting game hybrid on youtube a few weeks ago and fuck man I'd love to own that shit
people not realizing 2k my careers are the best recent wrpgs
look it upit's realBill why are you so much better than Reggie
9
5a fedora fucker WOULD say this
74This just reminds me that my brother has like 400 hours logged in 2k14 on steam. I'd say I don't understand what people see in these games but I have probably logged an embarassing number of hours into various WWE games over the years but not 2k15 fuck that noise so I have no room to talk.
5wanting something with a bunch of chris' pubic hairs on it
Ya'll forgetting chaos in the windy city
0NBA Street Vol.3 was dog shit and the only good thing that was seeing Mario, Luigi, and Peach dunk on niggas. This is coming from someone who fucking loved Vol. 2
I don't know why people even bother with sports games. Not because it's not my thing, but because there are only 3 good sports games in existence:Tecmo BowlSuper Tecmo BowlNBA JamWhy they even try to make sports games when these exist, I will never know.
Does Shut Up and Jam Gaiden count as an NBA game?
4dark souls 2
Oh god, people on /v/ acting like like sports games are bad. Yet I bet most of you fawn over Football Manager or NBA2K.I enjoy basketball sports games. I think NBA 2K15 was a good game, with the usual bugs, and bad animations.But I do have to say, everybody who plays this shit online is black. Seriously.
0I fucking need to get that game at some point. It was so much fun.
2Baseball Simulator Ken Griffey gamesNHL 95 NBA StreetNFL Street MLB the ShowNFL 2KThere are a lot of good sports games just because you don't like sports doesn't make them bad faggot
2no NFL blitzson...
8speaking of ea what happened with ea star wars.com?? did ea respond or anything? shit was hype here on v for like 2 days then never mentioned again
0totally forgot about this game.I played the absolute shit out of it. tfw I sold off all my old consoles/games
0Early 00s' Madden were good. But I agree with the later statement. 6They pretty much live on the whole Ultimate Team thing, which is really interesting but not enough to have yearly releases.
5
22NHL 06NHL Street Vol 2Mario Strikers ChargedGet fucked nigga
4
Holy shit he actually said it.
8MARIO SLAM BASKETBALL 2 CONFIRMED
7I know you said there is no need, but thanks Tyrone. You're a boss.
Barkley, Shut Up and Jam: Gaiden
7steam tags clusterfuckgot some funny shit out of that
Why are there no sports games that ever deviate from the standard formula? Even the most creative games in the field still hardly deviate from the standard.Why aren't there any sports games that I'm aware of that focus on individual player control instead of team based control? Maybe something that made you more concerned with positioning and actually arcing the trajectory of your ball?Well actually, I know the answer to that. Much in the same way sports fans do not get tired of watching a game with the same rules ad infinitum, a sports video game fan will not get tired of a video game with the same mechanics.
8Then I guess he hasn't played Freestyle2: Street Basketball.
Bill was probably too short for the Basketball Team in high school.
0Is NBA street this generations NBA jam?
What does /v/ think of Assassin's Creed?I'm playing 3 on my wii u pls no h8 and I love it so far. I wanted to get into it sooner but I had nothing good to play on. Gonna play the others on PC when I get a better one.
I had fun with 2 and Black Flag. The rest were boring/rehashed
1-4 were fun. Unity is garbage, avoid it at all cost.
81 was shitty.. but you might as well play for story2 was the bestBrotherhood was goodRevelations was alrightBlack Flag is gud. It's kinda like 3 but better story, character, ship battles.Liberations sucked balls, only reason gaming bloggers said it was good was because it had a nigger women in it.Rogue is basically Black Flag with better ship battles.Unity wasn't really bad, I liked it. No ship battles tho.
Any one play China yet?I got it and I wanna play it but PC suck balls stll
8AC series i think is reincarnation of and collectathons of times past collecting 200 pieces of random shit spread all over is what you're gonna do in these gamesAnd i like itClimbing a tower and then looking down from it really feels good
I just finished 2 last night, I don't get the praise it receives. Sure the locations are nice and Ezio has a decent story, but the overall game is shit.The 'assassination' aspect is fucking terrible, barely any option to stalk and elimate targets from the main story at least, they usually boil down to Ezio revealing himself and having to fight guards/chase the target down.Two fucking awful examples are:After using the flying machine, you are told not to be detected. Fine. Unfortunately this means killing no archers and following a predetermined path to the target, which after clearing without being spotted, Ezio reveals himself anyway. Second is the final mission, infiltrate by having to fight numerous guards then travel along ramparts on a FUCKING HORSE. THEN the game insists you not be detected.Maybe I'm being too harsh but the overall experience for me was poor. Brotherhood is next on the list followed by 3 and revelations, but I'm guessing I'm in for the same experience every time.
1 was a flawed game, but an interesting new IP.2 was a vast improvement in every way from 1 except the main draw, assassinations. They put a greater emphasis on telling a story then being an assassin.Brotherhood was enjoyable but at this point I'm losing steam and then Revelations was a slog.I've started 3, but I've never got far enough into it to play as Connor. It just doesn't hold my attention.
6I like Connor cause he actually fits as a character. I've enjoyed playing as him so far. Honestly I didn't expect the plot twist when the other guy was his dad and everyone is like "wut that's your dad" and he's like "Yeah i know right?"
8Don't play them in quick succession if you do like them. Boring as fuck if you do. Also, Black Flag is probably the best one IMO.
1 was p cool. Needed improvements in scenario design and the combat. Story showed great potential.2 is more fun, but the game is more trivial than 1. Impossible to die. Assassinations and story are less interesting. Brotherhood is the same. E-z. I'm getting bored. 3 was dumb, dogshit, but the ship missions were a decent diversion. Still I couldn't get into them.I fucking loved the puzzles from the Ezio games. Give me more of that.
4too harshon /v/about ass creedBut in all seriousness you're absolutely right. I think the reason 2 gets the praise that it does is because it fixed most of the bad stuff in AC1 and made it feel like the real first Assassin's Creed. Because 2 had improved so much and many of the subsequent sequels would sometimes take two steps forward but one step back, when playing them all around their release AC2 always felt like the superior title.
4Play the first game, then play 2. You'll understand then.
I have no idea hove you are playing the wii u version.It has the worst framerate out of all the console versions. I could barely make it through the PS3 version second worst. It was a goddamn slideshow.
3I've been in the Nintendo franchise since I was able to walk 23 now and the graphics to me are fine. I grew up with blocks while everyone else grew up with "OMG LOOK AT THIS!" and then later complains that a really amazing graphic game is shitty. I still love the sims complete collection
8The best thing about Assassins creed is how it plays with actual history and ties it into their games storyline. The attention to detail regarding buildings and the aesthetic of the time period/landscape/architecture/cities are absolutely fantastic. However stale or boring or stupid people claim them to be none of them are particularly bad games gameplay wise. All of them still look nice and the sound design and music are great. All the hand holding bullshit and directional markers or hints you can disable in the menu. That is especially great with AC4 turning it into a true pirate adventure about discovery. Love the series and don't care what anyone says.
is it said as im playing this im actually learning about history? I never learned a lot of this in school.
4followed by 3 and revelationsum... revelations is before 3. If you play out of order you will spoil shit for yourself.
2I never learned a lot of this in school.you either went to a shit school or just werent paying attention.Or you just forgot cause it wasnt important like most people. I particularly like the history of revelations with the ottoman/byzantine empire. That shit never gets enough love or respect and its interesting as fuck.
8I love history. But no the reason was because I was in SPED my entire life so I didn't learn this shit like a normal kid and feel really out of place when people talk about things they say"I learned about this war and this part of math" and I'm like,"I learned...shapes no lol jk but we learned close to it and never really got to 10th grade.I really wish I learned more tho.
5discussing games with literal autists.Well, I'm out. No offense.
Now that the gtx 980 got a discount is it worth getting it over the 970 ?
0lol no. 10% more for what? and if you're aiming for 1440p go for 980ti
3for 4gb of ram ?
If you wanna play at 120fps or at UHD resolutions, then sure.
Is Geralt autistic?
vaccines
0Only about Gwent
0The mutagens should strip witcher of most emotions so you culd probably say he is
every video game character is autistic
0No, but OP is.
9autismlack of emotionsAlsowitcher ritestripped of emotionsI supposed a double negative makes you right
, 
Where I can find more images like this?for E3 report card
get some anime and a photoshop and you will have an endless supply of such pics
heres one
8Know your maymay :^
, 
ran out of money for video games a month agogot a jobsoul-crushing anxiety as the agony of corporate culture comes back into my lifeTired working-class gamer thread?
Get a better job
nigga how bout you man the fuck upsome of us work 2+ jobs around here and have zero time for vidya at all
8some of us work 2+ jobsanon... you know where you are right?
2have excellent work ethicwork 3 different departments still keep my sleep schedule night creeperalways picking up shifts covering have a life been going out people actually want me around even though I try to be a dick and get fired for being a awful human being I'm not even living anymore I'm just on autopilot fuck being a adult can I just go back to jamming on some mystic quest on the Super Nintendo
, 
I'm pretty sure that he's the final boss of MGSV and almost die because BB is a fucking beast.
NINE... MORE... DAYS.
Its gonna be Nuts and Bolts 2.
0Was Banjo Kazooie 3 hinted in some way? I haven't been following e3 coverage
9I don't think it is. It wasn't a terrible game by any means but it pissed a lot of people. I imagine both Rare and MS just want to forget that ever happened.
0Popular game comes out in the retro ageIs forgottenyearsyearslaterM-Maybe this yearI dont know why i posted that cause like its not like people ever expected a game from a popular game series years after its prime and was disappointed at the new game produced. Duke Nukem 
It's not going to happen
Fuck collectathons, let them stay dead in the past
I am beyond your power now Microshit.
0NEVEREVER
I'm sorry, but I just looked at E3 just now, and I just realized how near it is. But for some reason, I'm not excited at all. What should I be excited about? I can't think of one thing. Is this one of these E3s where there's nothing to be excited about?Don't delete my thread for no reason, please. I didn't do anything wrong.
I only plan to watch the Direct and Ubisoft for #girlwoodthat's how shit this e3 is.
Must be a Xbox fan.
I didn't do anything wrong.Or did you?
9I own a Wii U, and a 3DS. Also a PS3, I guess.
Bethesda's conference
2E3 hasn't been good in ten or so years, so I don't know why anyone would be excited.
3For Fallout 4? I doubt they would show something relevant about it already after that teaser.
Sounds like every other E3 to me.
2I am currently very excited and optimistic about Sony's conference and the potentially new games that will be announced for the PlayStation Vitaâ„¢.it hurts and there's nothing to fill the void
1what?They're going to show gameplay that's the most important part. There's no gameplay at all in the trailer.You don't want to see Todd play the game for 20minutes?Also DOOM gameplaymaybe Dishonored 2
8They're going to show gameplayI guess only a little bit.I'm not as much interested at DOOM, or a Dishonored 2.
2Kingdom Hearts 3 and FFXV.
7I'm not as much interested at DOOMwell you should it is one of the most important games in PC gaming history
2You should be very fucking hyped, OP.
3It was
5Except it's dead in the water.
HL3CALLING ITSCREENCAP THIS POST
3Not sure why you wanted that but here
0Actually, if it's not revealed as alive this year, then we'll know for sure if it's dead or not.I truly believe we'll either see it in ten days, or never ever again.Time to place your bets.
7Actually, if it's not revealed as alive this year, then we'll know for sure if it's dead or not.I truly believe we'll either see it in ten days, or never ever again.Yeah, I thought of the same thing years ago.
2I am excited for watching it with /v/. Like every other year.
2No, I saying we'll actually get a confirmation on its cancellation within a few months if it isn't shown at E3.
Only people who own an Xbox will be happy this year. Square Enix might have some good stuff too.
4270
5I heard some good thing about this new DOOMwe might get to see some cool tech
1I believe.
1Stop shilling your fucking site.You did it when The Order came out and back then no one had any fucking idea who you were.You're not any more credible now.
4Maybe.1Like every year.
2Im not saying it won't be good, it probably will but it won't reinvent the genre like it did
2being this submissive and cuteStop doing weird things to my dick.
be working because enjoy having moneygoing to be at the office all day for all 3 E3 dayswill have to just check /v/ and liveblogs on my phoneno E3 fortno livestreamwhy does being an adult hurt so much
7Alternatively:Moving to Portland at the end of July to focus on my writing.Put my two weeks notice in on May 31st because I have plenty of savings to float here living with my parents for the next month and a halfRealize after the fact that I'll be able to binge all of E3 day in day out for the first time since fucking highschool.Feels fucking good, man.
7People only give shit about the reveals anyway are you really sad you're going to miss the fluff bits of their shitty "shows?"
, 
, 
all these people wasting their time with luck-based cashgrab bullshit cardgames like Hearthstonenot playing the most balanced and fun card game known to manWhat's your excuse, /v/?
9I don't know what the fuck this shit is anon but you should have figured it out by now. People will buy and play any piece of garbage blizzard releases and instantly call it a masterpiece regardless to its shit gameplay and super jew cashgrabbing.
9CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAP CLAP CLAP
have all face cardswinyeah, real balanced OP
1implying that matters with random and plus
9Fighting somebody in 14 with top tier cardsHave absolute trash cardsmfw I win
9Final Fantasy 8 1999Triple TriadMass Effect 2008Space blackjackwestern developers A SHIT.
3Witcher 3 2015GwentPlease faggot.
Modern Western games this guy might like, or work for his showI think he'd enjoy Binding of Isaac
1bumpDoes nobody remember him?
physical copy of gameinstalls onto hard drive
hard drive isn't slow enough for you. you want everything read off an optical diskwhich most people don't even have anymore, that's how bullshit it isin the year of our lord 2015
Laser reading is slow. Hard drive speeds for reading is now a must to get these HD graphics everyone raves about.
3your HD is full and you have to delete something
4I bet the Harddrive manufacturer company jews did this.
So let's put to rest any stupid speculations about the baby we see in the trailer being the protagonist/the family is related to the protagonist because all three of them die.
It's going to be fucking centuries after the nuke you faggot, no shit it isn't the baby.
6there have been suggestions that the dog is the same in both times suggesting some type of cryofreeze thing
how'd the dog survive the blast along with 200 + years of time
0Why are there no ghoul dogs?
5it's not a "suggestion", it's fact. READ THE KOTAKU LEAK you fucking faggot.
8READ THE KOTAKU LEAK you fucking faggot.
8READ KOTAKUis this a troll or autism speaks and we listen?
30I spend all day every day on /v/ and I still don't know anything about Fallout 4
8you can see yourself out now
8reading shitaku ever
8make me faggot
674what's the fucking problem with Kotaku? it's just a gaming news sitehow much of a fucking loser do you have to be to have grudges against entertainment news websites
0You play as the dad I'd believe. You don't see him in the nuke shot, he made it in.
4who is this sperm wyrm?
1
9Nah that's the dad on the right
1Lurk more, you fucking faggot.
4Kill yourself
8there will never be a proper fallout thread in /v/ because of posts like this
0Wearing shoes insideAmericans don't actually do this, right?
8Lurk moreNo thanks. /v/ is complete garbage. I'll stick to /p/ and /tv/. nice anime picture you fucking sweaty faggot.
1 Looks like a bald black man to me.
9there will never be a proper fallout thread in /v/ because of correct information being spread kill yourself. the Kotaku leak is 100% true and that "epic" reddit leak isn't.
2Anon are we talking about the same person?
Wait -- Is that baby black?The mother and father are white.Why is that baby black?
8Whoops, went retarded and mixed up right and left.Pretend I didn't say anything.
5Nah, it's just the lighting.
1
6kill myself?kill MYSELF?i'm fucking immortal you fuckheadyou dare talk back against a god?i am currently tracking your location down so i hope you taped both of your asscheeks together cause i will be sadamizing you with my halberd of justiceyou're fucking done worthless mortal
5It's okay I still love you 3
1that wasn't even remotely funny
1
9meant to reply to1
9who the fuck said it was suppose to be funny asstard
1saved to my cringe folder thanks
0i am currently tracking your location down so i hope you taped both of your asscheeks together cause i will be sadamizing you with my halberd of justice
9you think that shit's funnyhaving a pole jammed into your asshole you sadistic bitch?fucking pathetic
4Wearing my shoes right now brah
4stop
What if you play as a ghoul/super mutant? That might be interesting.
Bethesda Fallout games:Somewhat nicely built world mapPopulation of 7 peopleUtterly fucking retarded storyOur character is autistic, cant form sentences longer than 3 words.Absolutely dumb dialoguesNPC's as flat as Keira Knightleys chestWorst side quests in history of gamingBut hey, at least i can mass murder ghouls by headshots in VATS?????Profit
0You need a cringe folder? Is that how you build your self esteem?
1/tv/Kek enjoy your cunny and GoT threads, keep telling yourself /tv/ is any better than /v/
6noko
1definitely bait. i kinda miss the patricia hernandez threads
7world ain't gonna stop if a pathetic nerd like you say tothink the world revolves around you?it doesn't; you're fucking nothing kid
7no, I genuinely have no clue what's wrong with kotaku. then again I rarely even play video games/focus on gaming culture anymore.
8Hello is this neogaf
1How fucking new are youNo really, do tell
7then again I rarely even play video games/focus on gaming culture anymore.Luckily for you they're shitty on all topics.Seriously find yourself a grown up news site
1Summer is so fucking real
1i've been coming to /v/ sporadically for about 5 years - i spend most of my time on /tv/. gaming culture does not intrigue me in the slightest, I'm only here for E3/big game announcements
7back when making fun of SJWs wasn't international news. those were the days.
In Fallout 3 you can uncover an android who has had false memories implanted to that he will forget he's an android, and live a normal life.Where did they get these memories?The protagonist in Fallout 4 is going to have all the memories of a pre-war guy who got uploaded into a computer inside a vault either part of that experiment or because they needed a brain for a computer as is usually the case then 210 years later, he's taken and put into an android and he's going to be fucking confused.
6e3 starts on June 16, why are you doing this to yourself?
5i'm hype for Fallout 4 fam
3The protagonist in Fallout 4 is going to have all the memories of a pre-war guyThat's because he is a pre-war guy.
7focus on gaming cultureGood, it's the worst culture. Just focus on the games themselves
3literally blade runner
, 
male streamer playing as a female inkling
4This, I was watching the guys at GameXplain play Splatoon and I'm like are they into loli too?inb4 b-but the cute clothing
Not being a boy inkling with his man knot
5Why am I not surprised they would pick the squid loli?
4The boy inkling's design is nasty to me. I hate topknots.
7That's my only gripe and the only way I can justify playing as a girl
7Wish we could choose between three hair styles for the two genders
Do you think boy inklings' penises are in their hair tentacles, and then they rip them off and throw them at females?
7I normally love playing as a girl and would have chosen the girl inkling anyways but jesus, that hair does not do him any favors.it's weird, the only game i play as male is pokemon when i want to self insert.tfw they took out character customization in ORAS and you haven't played since
No lie-- Up until this thread I thought all the Splatoon characters were Female or at least androgynous.shit.
4watching streamers
4Streaming Splatoon
4I just wish I was a cute girl
trying to get 12x combo on hotline miamimake the attempt on stage 4 [vengeance I think]work out a pattern where I can easily glide through the map and get a 10xcan't quite get the last twofigure it outsuddenly the first motherfucker in the combo has synced up with me and insta kills me every timeFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUCK
6Git gud, Satan.
, 
Aside from fable, SA, and the Saints Row games, are there any games where I can naturally increase/decrease my muscle size?
That bear has a koala face
, 
, 
Splatoon thread I'm starting to get tired of playing the same maps. I'm about 22 hours in. I'm going to need turf war in Ranked and two new maps to give me a shot in the arm.
New maps when ?Better map rotation when?
32wait until August
0Too long
3so are you gonna hotglue that or what?
3Not him, but somebody did it before.
31does your have the seam on its head, too?
awesome games with awful beginnings
Most RPGs
1ugh yea. never winter 2....i actually liked the beginning of NWN 2 but then it crashed before i saved, so that beginning was wasted. i havent went back in a while
3Funny, I didn't know multiplayer games had a beginning or an end.
6singleplayer, jejseriously?
1What exactly was in any way interesting about the single player ? You were a viking you walked through low-res muddy places and fought dumb A.I. until you reached Valhalla where there was a rainbow. The multiplayer however had awesome instakill jump-strikes that took skill to land. It also had almost-instakill weapon throws that were super high risk/reward.
0is multi still up? ive never played it ;_;
8Yeah, you can even just pirate it and it will still work. Unfortunately the only servers up are ultra hardcore maps where it's just a round arena with no obstacles and all the weapons are that one sword that everyone would fight over in normal maps. And everybody is good... incredibly good.
Is it me or is killing thug nigguhs in GTA 5 a great feeling? No pcfags or redditfags need comment
, 
How to get the most challenge out of Death March?
Restart the game on death. Fear makes things more challenging.
don't spec signsdon't use witcher gear
0admit to yourself that you suck, and then stop failing at "hardcore" challenges.
0Allow yourself only a certain number of meditations/food items per day.1 med per day/2 daysEat twice a day/4 itemsDon't stack ability points in 1 tree, evenly distribute across all boards. Light armor only.
5Don't use witcher gearNo, that's awful. BUT there is a solution:Never upgrade witcher gear past basic version of itDon't expect to withstand blows - dodge them and roll awayDon't spam rolls and dodgesAside of all this:Don't use Axii in dialogues it's completely OP AND has barely anything in common with booksDon't use Axii to puppet enemies on your sideDon't upgrade signsDon't use mutagensHeal only when you are in inn or similar placeDon't loot human enemies
8the game is perfectly playable without witcher gear
no fast travelno witcher gearno galloping when travelling
8close your eyes while playingForgot this too.
2Hey, OP asked how to make the game even harder. It's not my fault some people find it fun to be "hardcore", I'm perfectly fine with 2nd difficulty and spamming signs.
Unupgraded signs and NO Quen ever. No potions or bombs.Although that last part might fuck you due to a certain enemy that regenerates like he-s fucking wolverine.
0Fast travel doesnt make the game harder. That's just being silly.
No items. Fox only. Final destination.
0Be pretentious "hardcore" player somewhere else, OP. On a side note - if you don't know yourself how to make it more challenging, then you are not hardcore
It seems I've spent too much on my stuff for WoW. So is there anyone out there who can trade me Money through PayPal for the rest of my 35Bucks in Battlenet?
I doubt you'll find anyone. Just use the money on sub fees. That or take up heroes of the storm and buy skins.
2Remember /v/
5Holy crap this buff lasts an HOUR!?I love these comics. They are so retarded.
, 
get witcher 3open up casedetailed game manualREALLY detailed world mapsoundtrackvery sincere thank you letter from the developers going so far as 'saluting' people who purchased the game while promising 16 dlc content for free that we 'deserve'.
0I wouldnt mind a round of gwent
7...Of course you have to have the game to receive the content for the game... Are you high?
7This is bait, and you got me.
0Sorry anon, it's not a Souls game or a sequel to Dragon's Dogma so praise is not allowed on /v/.
7Kek
7I think I lost a few IQ points trying to work out this post.
tfw Eastern European that added immersion in the gametfw known Polish love onceIt's a good feel.
6738Post is deleted what did it say?
8376pls repost i wanna laugh too :x
62Video games are fun to play.
2His 4chan doesn't show deleted messageshahahaahaha16 dlc content for freefor freetop cuck, they conveniantly leave out the fact you have to buy the game to recieve the 'free' DLCkeep on slurping that polish cock though, droneThat's the original message he deleted.
2Some shit about the devs leaving out the fact you actually have to BUY the game to get the DLC.Probably an entitled pirate who knows Polish devs sympathize with poorfags so he wanted his DLC for free too. Or just a literal retard, we'll never know.
673862524fucking trolled
7Lmao troll of the year10/10
7Nice memeIt's like 2007 all over again
Now if only the game were good.
 You will never read another new issue of PSM You will never relive the joy of getting free memory card and topper stickers You will never read another article on how Thrill Kill is coming soon and it's going to cause a bigger shitstorm than MK You will never again get tricked into thinking that Valkyrie Wilde game was realWhat's the point of even playing games anymore?
Back when videogames were chill and they didn't try to pander to everyone and their grandmother with all kinds of contrived plotlines or balance board exercise trash. When it was ok to have sexy ads or have writers say they liked a girl character without having to write a 2000 page essay about why she is such a strong feminist role model or risk being ostracized.
Man, this is FFXII all over again. Fucking hell. Why must all good things be ruined by publishers?
constantly spamming the same threads Fucking pathetic.
2015 has been a shitty year.
3bara fanartwhat's wrong with that?
Awaiting FFXV-kun to spin this one.
3hating on xiiI bet you think ix was good too
9He's referring to when SE asked Matsuno was that his name to get the fuck out, while changing the main character into "Vaan" from Basch, and so the second part of the game ended up rushed and bare bones.This time it's Nomura.
Imagine if Bethesda hired Obsidian or even just Chris Avellone to do the writing for Fallout 4.
Would it change anything?
3Yes the writing wouldn't be terrible like it is in Bethesda's games usually
2Imagine if they worked under the same company as a developer who pioneered first person shooter games and were actively pushing the boundaries of what was possible in videogames code wise, not to mention being incredibly talented at animating
Writing isn't important in games. It isn't important in anything.
9But I think the two games are comparable in writing. Would it change anything noticeable?
8is way more content noticeable?
4
2mfw
Fallout 4 footage after Doom during the conference.Yikes!
4Bioware pls go.
It would be shit. New Vegas was trash, just fuck off already Obsidiots.
4Is this bait, or are you just 14?
2So instead of good fun that doesn't take itself seriously we get pretentious shit that only impresses those fresh out of high school?No thanks.
9it's bait.it's the cool new thing to pretend FO3 is amazing and New Vegas is garbage.see 4
4i tend to agree with this statement since i put gameplay before anything, then i remember how new vegas was wayyyyyyyy better than fallout 3 so... yes and no anon.
0 durr what is Fallout 2 durr what is Fallout New VegasYour writing doesn't need to be low quality to be fun.
2great writing wouldn't fix paid mods.
4writing isn't important in anything
9New Vegas really was garbage. FO 3 as well.Go fuck yourself, you arrogant faggots. Obsidianfags are the worst.
Yeah it'll be great. I mean Fallout 3 sucked since you had to buy DLC to continue after the ending. Let's make it like NV and Fallout 2: where you can't continue at all.
1pop culture references LOLAgain, no thanks.
4New Vegas was non-immersive. I get stuck as some retarded courier who gets capped in the face but LOL SURVIVE what was the fag using a .22?. NOW GO GET REVENGE.Shit plot made me not give a fuck, even in the face of mechanics vastly superior to FO3.FO3 more fun every time.
5fallout 3muh fathermuh bible quotequality writing
every bethesda game starts off as YOU'RE A CRIMINAL BUT WE'RE LETTING YOU LOOSE BECAUSE THIS IS THE ONLY INTRODUCTION TODD KNOWS HOW TO WRITE
4Better than RANDOM COURIER FACE BULLET
7Literally wrong. Play shit other than ES games you faggot fuckface cuntsniffing jewbitch
Just hire George Miller.
4Not with gameplay as shit as the fallout series.
7every Obsidian game is just pro-libertarian propaganda because that is the only thing Obsidian knows how to write
I'd rather a homosexual didn't write the story, they'll just gay it up
8How was KOTOR 2 pro-libertarian? How was Pillars of Eternity pro-libertarian?
3How was KOTOR 2 pro-libertarian?Is that a joke?Kreia's entire thing was libertarian bullshit.
5Her agenda had nothing to do with modern American politics.Stop using words you don't understand the meaning of.
5i swear you guys are paranoÃ¯d fucks, chill out it's just a video game
4modern American politicsLibertarianism is just the modern American word for a very old ideology.
Let's hire someone whose last sequel to our game had worse reviews and less salesWhat a brilliant idea.
9Which KOTOR 2 had nothing to do with. The story of that game is much more rooted in metaphysics than politics.
0The story of that game is much more rooted in metaphysics than politics.No, it just attempted to justify libertarian philosophy via metaphysics and failed abysmally.
6Can you explain how KOTOR 2 was pro-libertarian?
9Kreia.Look, key Obsidian employees being pro-libertarian is not some shameful secret, they have proudly proclaimed it on numerous occasions. And like all true libertarians, that's why every time they fuck up they have a tendency to blame someone else.
2implying Avellone was good at anything after PST.
0Kreia.That's not an explanation. I'm starting to think you're just another average /v/ cretin who likes throwing around inflammatory words but can't actually articulate their feelings.
2Todd Howard cant read. Based Avellone can only do so much.
5I'm starting to think you're just another average /v/ cretin who likes throwing around inflammatory words but can't actually articulate their feelings.Look at this posturing, so typical of the obnoxious, "I'm more mature than you" Obsidian fanboy attitude.A simple "You're full of shit" would have sufficed.
voiced protagonistAnd just like that, less dialogue options.
5You're full of shit.
8Too late now, we all know you're a pretentious twat already.
4You could play after you have finished the plot of 2 you stupid fuck.
8But I think the two games are comparable in writingAre you high? Let me ask you this: What do they eat in FO3?
Post vidya exceptions.For example:Prison architect is a good early access gameSips is an enjoyable lets player
What the fuck is the point of this shit?
1It's a Web help client you silly
2...Okay, but what does it DO? How does it benefit me? And more importantly, why does it run five of the same processes at once?
4Beats the fuck outta me
1it's gonna check your computer for the bestiality
it doesn't. It's a known memory leak. It's fucking annoying. It's why I quit CSGO. you cant do anything about it. It ruins your gaming performance.
9it got fixed actuallyOP is just a retard and has several steam windows open
7Well fuck my ass, this anon was indeed correct.
7nope, this shit still happens to me, even when i disable steamcommunity ingame and show offline.
steam is 25 gbfor what purpace?
798Closed all my Steam windows. The number of WebHelper processes did go down, however it's still running two processes.
go in to overlay browser in a game, go to literally any website even the dev/publisher site that comes up in most games and look at how much it is, then come back and post
4More then likely to keep steam in check and to be ready for when you open your library to play a game or check the steam store page, or to talk to someone via message or friends list. shits fine don't worry about it.
we want the /v/ audiencewhat would that entail?
memes
Artificial difficulty
autism, autism everywhere
dragon dildos
Dark souls
7nostalgia pandering
Dragon's Dogma with optional rape battles.
0901this is starting to sound kind of fun.
contrarian as fuck
"see that mountain? You can fuck it."
1Man that whole scene is so hot.
1that video
a lot of gay shit
0901Skyrim should be /v/'s GOTYAY
8k rendered at 120 fps on a toasteropen world with an infinite amount of freedom, but harsh mathematically superior choices as there has to be a best200 hour single player mode with mmorpg like multiplayerbenefits of subscription but free to playetc etcjust take both extremes of any argument, mash them together and you have /v/
Straight shota and sex everywhere. Fetish pandering beyond the eye can see, for that matter.
7Cute girls.
Memes, but only ironicallyFrequent updates that change the memes to the newest ones, because old memes are soooooo reddit
07Whats the video?
7+100 plus hours of hating things, and obsessing about things you claim to hate but can't stop talking about/playing.Also memes because /v/ is more obsessed with them than fucking reddit.
7DinosaurDinosaurDinosaurDinosaur
70p-please link
1Sounds like a great game
7Honey Wilder.
7Is that a cropped gachimuchi image?
0WHY
3"Honey wilder nephew"
a ridiculous amount of mechanics, 90% of which the average player will never know or figure outthis leads to a lot of stuff just seeming like RNG but there's subtle things you have to do to control it
0AHHHHHH
A Dragon's Dogma/Dark Souls hybrid filled with Lolis and Monster girls where you can fuck over a dozen women filled enemies that cant open doors where the final boss is a fire elemental that isn't all fired up that is directed by Kojima
6Because
1200 hourswhy would a short game be "perfect?"
MMOonly female models availableto play as male, you need to fiddle with parameters like breast size, breast shape etc.no actual gameplay
7deep character creation that allows you to make characters that resemble either an idealized version of the player or something that resembles a memecomplex leveling and equipment customization system that allows for endless speculation about optimal buildsOpen world and easily modable to facilitate the building of a disturbing manifestation of the player's inner worldAbility to play dressup with fully customizable NPC characters and maintain a harem with a dating sim esque relationship mechanicmind numbling amounts lore that is just vague enough that you can discuss certain aspects for years without reaching a consensusendless replayability negligible cost to purchase
3200hrs is the main story only
PC-exclusive God Hand with no female characters and support for loli dickgirl mods.
6I'd actually play that all the time
7Anything by Kamiya,
This.
BETTER THAN CRYSIS GRAFICSfrogs making smug faces hidden in every levelopen world with heavy emphasis on atmosphereperfect hitbox collisionmusic by Mozartexclusively on every console, the PC and Vita; no Nintendo consoles allowedno season pass, patches or any post-game content everevery woman in the game has the exact same face and has a hyper-proportioned ass and titsno DRMbut PC version only on Steam [what?]option to kill yourself in the gamemod support but only for the porn mods, quality not required
5that was disappointing but thanks
7You can't, /V/ will never be happy with anything. Even if it was made for them. SUCH PANDERING.
7Gender optionsfemalefuta
Games with sick nasty OSTsWhy is Danny B a god?
Fuck this game is hard
still no upskirts of CadenceKill me.
Uno Dos Tres Cuatro ... 
Previous thread: 2Include full names and what series your characters are fromCompile multiple images into one or link to a gallery for additional referencesTry not to bump requestsNo shitpostingKeep it vidyaIf a post breaks the rules, DO report and hide it. DON'T respond to it.Have fun!Post your art to the booru for anons to find later in case they miss a delivery or if it is NSFW:to learn how to draw or improve your drawing skills? Visit the /ic/ sticky:/ic/1579290NSFW Deliveries should be posted in/i/441515Drawing Books:
requesting her and lucina doing their poses back to back
requesting kartos in a samurai outfit.
Requesting Callie and Marie in these outfits from Idolmaster.You can change Miki or Hibiki's clothes for another idol ones.
I'm trying to transition from hard line stuff to soft line stuff, i.e no strictly black lines to separate and distinguish thingsthe face in this image only uses five hard lines, and I want my next image to have none except for places where it's absolutely necessarygive me a request, preferably one that contains a cute girl, you can specify a pose as well if you'd likebecause I'm in an experimental stage it may take a whilealso if anyone has tips for transitioning from sai to photoshop I would greatly appreciate any, I find myself wrestling with the software too much instead of enjoying it
4like this?
Someone draw this mech in 2d?
Requesting Majima kicking Nishikiyama in the face.
Still looking for the anon that was looking for me
7Draw PeachAlso what PS stuff are you looking to learn specifically?
Is the drawfag who made Wonder Crab here? I worked a bit on it and wanted to ask about the weapon
Requesting Akali  middle  helping Miss Fortune  left  carry her tits like in the comic  right . Lewd while sfw or nsfw.
Please draw her in anyway you want.
4What'd you use for that?
Requesting Marco Rossi fighting the Metal Gear Rex or just the Slug facing the Rex
Any monster requests?
5Reposting bc I fucked up
Requesting fusion of Greenheart V2 form Neptunia V2, Nu13 BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger and Tyria Ar tonelico Qoga: Knell of Ar Cie.
9I find using the brushes very dissatisfying and unpredictableIn sai I can pick a brush density and minimum size and know exactly what I'm going to lay down, but in photoshop I have to wrestle with transfer and shape dynamics, the ends of lines never look how I want them, and if pen pressure is enabled at all I can't get the maximum opacity in a single press, which is very irritating for hair in particularI can do decent stuff in sai and it can take me decently far, but it seems like all artists worth a damn converge upon photoshop
1Does this count as a monster?
Requesting Kiso wearing a zipper bikini or as a dragon monster girl.
4Use what?
Here's a neat little idea:Got an Amiibo? Good.Got a Wii U? Good.Take the first Amiibo you can grab and put it in Amiibo tap. Whatever game it unlocks, draw that character doing something from one of the game's scenes.
1What materials did you use to make them?
1I just remembered I have to wake up early tomorrow so I'm afraid I can't color it. Hope you like it.I can't stream!I can't finish requests!I'm a disgrace to this threads!See you tomorrow for more requests.
Requesting Heathcliff Flowen from Phantasy Star Online undergoing his transformation into Olga Flow, trying to resist the mutation.
1Was watching your stream until it died. Beautiful work and thank you.
Requesting anything Dark Souls related art Sitting by a bonfire, injured, ready to fight a boss etc. with my DS character wearing the Alva Set Without Helm and equipped with a greatsword and royal kite shield on her back.
9OoOh, I didn't understood. material is cold porcelainare you the one I'm looking for?
1Later you nigger, I missed your stream and now I'm sad.
9nice as hell but fuck no
3I second this.
9your waifu a shit
2No. Good work with them, though.
Requesting that you draw one of your favourite videogame characters!
3Learning photoshop doesn't automatically make you good; just stick with what makes you comfortable and work on your fundamentals
2tfw bupi will never find anon
Requesting Charlotte as a giantess pushing her boobs together on a little Kamui in-between them.
3didn't you get this delivered motherfucker/i/441639BECAUSE YES YOU DIDpay attention to your requests next time
Requesting a simple, sexy pin-up of either Candy Kong or Princess Peach your choice with an unpeeled banana/power-up mushroom in between their breasts.
taking meme requests post your characterpost meme/image of your choice.
Probably its not the right place to ask but is it possible to have this Ryu in black and white like this Makoto? Just some advice on how to color this would be interesting and good enough
My request is someone drawing Hinako Shijou from KOF doing her Yorikiri move on any other girl from KOF, while the victim is blushing as if they interpreted the attack as a hug, and Hinako is puzzled why they were think that as it is a sumo move.To give it more context, Yorikiri is a move that has Hinako hug onto her opponent and then push them to the end of the screen. Since you never really see girls doing Sumo moves, the other girls might mistake this as a hug or the like, hence the joke.Included in the reference is Hinako, and the frames of the moves itself. if you need more reference, you can see the move in action at 0:11 here: 
3didn't you get this delivered motherfuckerOh shit, you're right.Sorry, it became a habit,
Requesting a close-up shot of Enclave Cirno with a smug expression. Smug grin preferred.Will use as steam avatar.
3I guess for what reason do you want to use Photoshop if Sai is working fine for you? It's not designed to be a drawing program, but it can be used as one, which is why lines kinda suck in Photoshop.You can also turn pressure opacity off.You can probably import your sai lines into PS to color them too.
3/i/441639Missed it?
9Thanks for taking my request!
/i/441667I forget why i drew this but i don't regret it.
3That ape seriously looks like a nigger. How could anyone possibly give a shit about such an ugly character.Please, do me a favor and fucking die.
1He didn't, but it seems like you missed the replies.
8Makoto as the strongest human.
9Seconding this.
8
These two sharing a friendly moment.
8look at this hotheadI agree that they made her extremely ugly after 64
Requesting a cute Rurufi from Half Minute Hero Second Coming!
Drawfags can you tell me how I can become a cartoonist? I love well made cartoons.
96lewd or not?
8Axl doing this, with the same pose and facial expression, please:
3I suppose you're right. Thank you.
0Lewd as fuck
0lewd
0git gud
0No lewd
9You gotta get a tumblr or something sometime.
0OR here, lewd.
06441668Enjoy anons!
0okay.
Requesting something sexy or lewd with Mimi's butt. Maybe being groped or having her compression shorts torn. Something involving dicks is fine too. like being fucked from behind through her shorts.
Requesting Cia as a monster.
84Haha! OR here, that's good man, thank you!
8This, with Windy Oldbag. Trace the right pic, or copy and paste it if us want, I don't care
2/i/441668whoops, my bad
29YesYou did good drawfriend
7what kind of cartoonist
8Isaac Clarke with one of those things in the face like in the image
Taking simple MSpaint requests
2oooooo niceee
3requesting an mspaint rendition of josie rizal eating curry
9my dick twitchedgood shit
3Draw her based on her sprite?
3eating curry...that's not filipino cuisine
29I was expecting the boy parts to be hidden, but this is better. Good job, thank you!
9I don't understand, are you saying you want him to have a red headband but still be in black and white?
2Glad you liked it.since you claim to be someone who seconded it do you remember what the exact request or post this spun off of?
Requesting Boomer shorting out and saying "ERROR", please.
65Glad you guys enjoyed it, I should really come into these drawthreads more often5Where's the fun in hiding the boy parts?
requesting arc light Vel'koz as a loli, preferably a delicious brown one wearing a sundress.
7yeah man hang out more oftenyoud be surprised how much requests will help you improve as wellalso fuck yes boy butt and boy parts are the best in the world
7Where's the fun in hiding the boy parts?I know right? Is that some may not be confortable drawing them, so just being careful.And yes, come more often, butts and peens are welcome!
7Where's the fun in hiding the boy parts?Sometimes it's better that way.
9Is this the kind of thing you're looking for?
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing
3fucking dont use paint bucket fill
5I didn't. I just threw some adjustment layers on it and multiplied over some red. That's what I got when playing with the levels
2surely using a different picture will fool them
7I think the joke is it's a different aqua entirely.
2Counter requesting her impaling the requester with a pole.
3well good try
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing
9I was waiting for this.
Requesting the pic on the left, but with the Mario Characters replaced by the Mavericks from the original MMX. I hope some artist will be willing to take my request.
Requesting that someone draw the Hex Maniac from PokemonActually I'm just requesting the progress made by the person who took it up but I wanted them to be able to possibly notice it
9not that guy but i'd like to see the oppositemario characters on the mmx select screen
9Here you go dude, enjoy0cant see shit, cap.5all these mecha requests i wanna do but i have my limitsgod
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing
4here you go, have a nice day, Selphiebro!
8Awesome, thank you!
5No problem!3gogdraw.tumblr.com
3Wouldn't that just be the Player Select screen?
Requesting Li Xiangfei prostituting herself in an alley. Panties and pants down but not off.Maybe like this: with money on her hand.For the longest time i always tought she loved money, but it seems she's just a perky waitress.
2it would be a cooler player select screen
Taking buttjobs or blowjob requests.Either would be great, specify how much cum.
5Thank you
Requesting Mask*DeMasque fleeing a crime scene in a panic alongside a Krokorok and a Sneasel.All three of them are carrying thief bags.
0Blowjob.Half a liter.
0Clothed buttjob, covering her pantyhose and back in cum
Zangarmarsh delivery for the guy last thread
Requesting Red left using her dragon to tie up Nepgear right with Red saying something like 'Now I have you all to myself!"
5wow, that looks really amazing, borvar.
5There's something about this type of land that I really like. Good job.
5HOLY SHIT.
8Sexy as fuck/10
5that coilfang reservoirlovely
5NeatThat was my favorite looking BC region
4Mine too!
0BlowjobSo much cum it spills out of her nose.
Requesting a loli K/Catherines fighting over a shota Vincent. AlternativelyLoli K/Catherines and adult Vincent.Shota Vincent and Adult K/Catherines.You can pick any one you prefer.
Please draw Drasna fucking a random shota/young adult. She seems to be in her late 40's early 50's, so please draw her with a proper milf body, for example a slight sag in her breasts and a little loose skin in the stomach, like in the reference pic.
0Mimi buttjob?3 YouThick ropes of cum.
0buttjob, lots of cum if possible
9HowThere is no ass there.
Requesting Harvest Moon harem family time.
6I don't mind if the artist gives her a bigger ass for the purpose of the image.
9wanting off model dawingsYou already had shit taste for liking Etna, apparently you lowered the bar even further.
0Viridi Forced blowjob while looking up at the viewer and being mad. 12oz of cum?
Requesting Chris an Ryu getting drunk together
Requesting the Killer with a hand in his pocket, aiming his revolver at a target off-screen.
0Buttjob Average amount of cum
8filenameLet's just agree to disagree.
1saying I don't mind it is the same as actively wanting the artist to do so.nice conversation you're having with yourself there, anon.
0buttjobenough to fill a jar.
0The only possible way this guy could be hotter for me is if he had a tail
3tolerating off model drawingsThere I fixed it. You''re waifu a shit too.
0Rosalina = blowjobPalutena = buttjobBoth with lots of cum. Make sure Palutena is actually on model, because most of her porn isn't.I don't mind if you switch the two, btw
0Buttjob please. And as much cum as your willing to draw or more.
0I did them all for you.
0ass sasin
inkling sprays her mouth with ink"WITNESS ME"is shot by an octolingshe says "MEDIOCRE"
0That ass sasin fucking killed me.
2you have good tasteI thought about requesting him as a catman with lion ears and tail
0Y'know, you could've given the ass sasin some AssCreed robes.
0Anything the others guys pitch for as long as it's got enough cum to be able to run down her face in gooey strands.
7Those games arent influential to me.
7Fuggg, please do! Doesn't have to be this thread since you already did but yeah.
5Seconding this
2Doing this one.
3Ultra spicy curry
3fucking excellent anon, thank you so much
2what do you mean by "on model"?
Requesting Ema Skye from Apollo Justice fawning over either Carl Sagan or Neil Degrasse Tyson
Draw a couple of Lumas murdering Space Peach in the name of justice for all the Lumas she sacrificed as meat shields.
Done with class and an exam so gonna draw all weekend. Whatcha guys want?
2on model means they're drawn like how they are in the game
0Yumi or Kei dressed as her, from Ape Escape 3. Lifted by leg upside down, clothed gaped anus filled with cum, making a arc with the penis, shooting some on the air. dripping wet from pussy/penis on own face.
7draw magolor
22Agreed.
7that you, prism? if so, draw more of your waifu, or food porn, i could use a nice looking pizza about now
7Copper trying to arrest a character of your choice but the other character isn;t taking him seriously due to being short and cute
7Metaknight fighting the three below him.
8or just have her geeking out/generally excited, the "fawning" aspect isn't really necessary
7this please? 4
6I like this request.
Requesting an inkling "Playing" this game, "octodad walking in and asking "Are ya winnin"?
7Final Boss Veigar blowing shit up.
4Oh but Im not the drawer.Sorry if I got your hopes up with that post.
0Im not the drawer
Requesting Fox opening up his suit to reveal a bunch of clockwork inside of him
8s-sorry, wrong person... But I can try that.
6I don't know if you saw it, but someone was working on this with Travis Touchdown.
7Oh, sorry for mistaking you, man.But if you're willing to draw that, thanks!
7Draw a scene from a hypothetical Grand Theft "Auto": Dreamland
7Oh dang, got a link for that?
0not him, but that's very cute, anon.
27Hope this works.
Requesting the image on the left, but with King K. Rool instead
4Oh cool, thanks for showing it to me and I hope it gets done
Requesting Gumshoe hypnotized and mindlessly standing around
Someone give me inspiration for Hotline Miami 2's Editor's custom VHS covers. Give me something to draw or redraw, but it's going to end up being 34x57.
0Gumshoe hypnotizedl-lewd...
3Nah, I don't want lewds of that
Requesting Alisha performing some sort of sexual favor preferably involving her ass, like anal or a buttjob with or without the shorts to a Bamco employee and asking if she can become the main heroine now. POV perspective would be nice, but not necessary.
3PUNCH IT IN THE NOSE!PUNCH IT IN THE FUCKING NOSE!!!
3Shark-san just wanted senpai to notice.
3AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
33
3ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚ã‚
4To the anon who wanted me to draw it, I deliver, one Wooly Shambler. I could stand to get more colored pencils sometime in the future so I don't resort to using one color for most of the image.
all this sudden horror
4S'all 2kripi4me.
9nice work bruh
9that was fun but idk she came from
1I'm always available for requests.. I could certainly use a break from asking for 'em.This week's theme for me is Earthbound/Mother series enemies.
Seimei dressed as BlazBlue Makotoor sleepliy nibbling some nuts
3pls draw Shark titstits
0
Requesting Leia from Tales of Xillia 2 broke and half-naked after losing at poker, looking anxious and saying "D-Don't worry, guys, I'll get back everything we lost!"
Kiriya, Hanzo, and Murasame from Senran Kagura as the trio from Elite Beat Agents please.if not this, then some kicking demon ass, like somehow re-doing the old Doom cover with Senran Kagura characters
5Thanks she's from dfo Dungeon Fighters online.
So I'm trying to set up all this Picarto streaming stuff, do these settings look all right?
Requesting a Monkalrus trying to cope with its newfound existence as a walrus with an orangutan body
0always a pleasure to see another selphiebrogr8 work, friendo
Requesting Agitha THINKING about doing lewd things to Wriggle Nightbug.Something tells me she'd have a hard-on for Wriggle.
4aka makoto with blue hair.
Pepipopo here, i request Phoebe dancing in a short pareo. emphasis on her ass
7Pepipopo
7Love your asses, man. Sadly I can't draw all that well, or I would draw you one.
Requesting Yamame Kurodani from Touhou as a jumping spider
8Are you going to do this anytime someone mentions a drawfag's name?
4Please, somebody?
4I've never done this before.And only ones with silly names I don't recognize.
7anon, don't mention your name with your request.drawfags requesting things are a taboo here since requesters or the shitposters rather get bitchy when a drawfag "steals" their delivery.lewd isn't my territory but I'd love to draw a cute Phoebe for you, but I need to sleep 1st. I miss your asses
7Wait, can't you just draw it?
1drawfags have to draw everything they think offor whatever reason a drawfag can't be interested in the eclectic perspectives of others with similar intereststry again
1Not him, but it's nice to see other people draw stuff too.
1some of us like seeing what others can do
1Drawfags make requests too ya dingus
5Nice choice! Here you go.
7Are you the one who makes plasticine figs?
2831I guess thats fair. Its not the way my brain works but if it makes sense to everyone else I can't really say different.
Requesting that you draw this image as out-of-context as possible.
1That's okay. There's a very nice feeling when you see someone else drawing something you also enjoy drawing.
1nigga that's adorable.
6You mean bupiti? And those figures are made of cold porcelain.
1OR here, thats very cute, thanks a lot!
1Super cute.
Requesting Nina and Tharja swapping outfits, please.
1Thats really cute
To the anon who wanted me to let you know when I will begin streaming,apparently the answer is never.For whatever reason, the Direct X stuff that OBS needs to run on my computer doesn't work so I can't run OBS.Sorry, person who followed me earlier.
Requesting you draw your favorite cute video game character on this bike
8Oh, okay. Dont know who you are then.And those figures are made of cold porcelain.So it appears to be but i remember him saying that they were melting, that doesnt happen to cold porcelain. Then it was another person.
2Well that sucks.Could you try xsplit instead of OBS?Rather, how can Xsplit not work on your computer?
6not him but clayfag reporting, ill trying to finish the last 2 request, im feel bad for taking to muchalso i need to be prepared for the next wave of requests, i love the diversity here 
Requesting Master Eddy as Eddy from Ed, Edd n Eddy.
Draw a Shyguy having to wear a different mask.
1it's a common knowledge that drawfags can't fap to their drawings because they can easily see their mistakes.3he drew some roll and vidya asses months ago, not in the booru tho.
8Keep waifu figure by me alwaysSet her on my nightstand next to my clock one nightSleepily slap around for my alarm clock one morningEnd up slapping my waifu halway across the roomShe hit the wall and her head came offI decapitated my fucking waifuI felt so sick I had to skip class that day, had to go straight to the store to buy super glue.Still think about it every day, when I look at herPlease forgive me waifu, please forgive me Bupiti
3Oh whoops. I forgot there are a few clay people here.
7I don't know, I don't know what any of this stuff is or how it works. I guess I can try installing the other one.
5Dude, I accidentally broke mine's head pieces off and felt really stupid but the super glue works well, and I get underboob 24/7.
9Requesting a Shy Guy wearing a Jack Frost mask. Hee ho!Well really it's HeihÅ but who's keeping track?
5Jesus Christ anon, is she ok?
Requesting Ness facing off against the Ness Villager in a typical Earthbound RPG battle.
is anonman from the stream here? i drew your waifu, i delivered on the /a/ thread bruh
requesting pee pee poo poo
Requesting an inkling of any gender as the Squart Guy. Squartoon.
1Anon, being able to draw something doesn't necessarily mean it's a style you might desire, no matter how competent you may be at it.Some of us like to be surprised.
1it's a common knowledge that drawfags can't fap to their drawings because they can easily see their mistakes.this is an evident lie
7would you doodle my waifu
9I see you request this a lot, I would also like to see this.
4I don't fap to the actual picture but I get ridiculously horny while drawing it out.
4not him, but this is definitely the case for me, I can't fap to my own stuff.
7Th-thanks man, I love it, many thanks.
Requesting Lucas from Mother 3 having to face off against his worst nightmare AKA Santa Claus
1She's alright now, her head is snugly back on and no cracks are visible, but a slight chip of her hair came off when it hit that I haven't been able to locate.
4would you blow your load on your daughter?I see my finished drawings as my daughters.
1It's Bulbasaur
4Dunno man, every time I draw tits, I have the urge to fap to something other than my own art. Guess everyone has different views on their art.
5source?
5That this was made will never stop making me laugh.
5Under Siege
78tfw I dont have a waifu or husbandoI am to hollow inside to feel love even for a fictional character?
3That sounds scary anon, I hope you find it. I haven't even asked Bupi to make my waifu yet, but I'd cry if I broke her.
385PLease tell me who you guys are, I'd love to know. also is great to hear that you can fix them, but please treat them right anons
4I was also able to fap to something I drew the other day; the issue isn't so much that I can't fap to my own art, but that most of it sucks and I don't have enough of the less terrible stuff for a full session.
7bupi says as he threatens to bully my waifu
7I already consulted you about her head already being detached when I opened the box.
Requesting a grandmotherly Tewi Inaba from Touhou telling good rabbits and children a bedtime story.
0no, i mean the animation
5the cook
8who is she anon?5no problem bruh, glad you catched it ~
4This is the case for me, It's hard to see a picture I drew as face value, instead of seeing all the effort put into it and all the shortcuts I took and the errors. I've done it before, but it takes a stupid amount of effort, and by then I'm just getting off to the idea I originally wanted to draw, rather than the picture itself.
5kinda gives a new meaning to "SFM porn"
9labrys from p4
7I would tell you, but my shame is too great.
4It's anecdotal at best. Some can, some can't and some that can don't really finish the job by the time they blow their load then feel no motivation to polish it up.
Requesting Little Mac as a wind up being that's winded down and out of energy
6243Thanks!
6sure man, just give me a moment, gonna have dinner first
6everything is under control9ah okay7There's no way I can forgive you then, be ashamed just kidding, I forgive younow enough with this off topic bullshit, have a nice weekend
Requesting Rin Satsuki suffering the same fate as KarsRin Satsuki was never able to go back to Gensoukyou. Becoming a lifeform between organic and mineral, she wandered in eternity through the endless abyss known as Yukari's gap. Being unable to die even though she wished for it, Rin Satsuki eventually stopped thinking.
5later bups.also that gif is kinda lewd.
97I can't believe nobody's taken it.so much so that im doing it right now
5I think I know your favorite hairstyle.
Requesting absolute madgirl
Requesting that someone draw Scervo from Skyward Sword making Link walk the plank.
3You don't, I guarantee
Requesting a boxing match between any two WVBA boxers from the Punch-Out!! seriesNo Little Macs. The point is to see how a match between the likes of say Bob Charlie vs. Don Flamenco, Dragon Chan vs. Piston Honda, or King Hippo vs. Bald Ball would go down.
4Bald BallBald Bull, fuck me.
0Thank you so much. I'll be looking forward to it. For some reason I'm on a Mother 3 kick lately.. what am I saying? I know exactly why. I finished the game two weeks ago.1And yes I am this anon and yes I'm still accepting requests.. this one I couldn't do because I still can't draw people.
Requesting your favorite video game character doing cute shitPlease.
6For a Mother 3 fan
Requesting a Rad Futo hanging out with Rad Poppo and Rad Hoppou.
Requesting you draw your favorite 2hu doing drugs.
3thanks
7Okay well it looks like XSplit will work but I can't really tell how to set it up to make sure it's capturing the right part of my monitor and such. There's no way to preview the stream before actually streaming in this one. Lastly it says everywhere to "Open up your channel" and I have no idea how to do that. If someone could help me get past these last few humps I might be able to finally start streaming.
Requesting Patchy giving anyone you want to draw a poofy hug like this.
Two Palutena WIPs.Which pose is better?
5firstonefirstonefirstonefirstone
9Will we ever figure out what foods the Monkalrus prefers? It is a mystery. OR Here. Thank you so much mang!Also JESUS. That's terrifying... as I'd secretly hoped it'd be.
5Left.
5the one on the left
5Pretty obvious the left was done first since the second one doesn't look as thought out.
Requesting sexy Aqua pole dancing.A pole like this would work nicely.
1well you can get it to capture a window on your screen, like, just the image software.just right click the white box in the lower left corner and select capture window or something.open the channel is... i think picarto?
4It only has "screen capture" as an option, no window or monitor capture like OBS. It gives me some kind of cross hair thing to choose with. And yes the open channel thing is on picarto but I see nothing anywhere that indicates whether the channel is open or not and how to change that.
8452all these fagsI like the right one; dat cleavage
2when you click screen capture, the crosshairs are the target for the window you're capturing, so open up your image sofware, put xsplit over it, click screen capture, then click on the window of your image software, and it should display on your scene.Not sure what to do about the other half of your problem, as i only stream games.
970Ok, can only do lines cus i gotta get back to other stuff. But i hope you enjoy.
09holy shit it's golden10/10
42Okay I messed around with it some more for seriously 30 seconds and it's actually a fuck ton simpler than it looked at first. I think I've figured out how to use it. As far as the "open channel" thing, I've checked every tab and setting on picarto looking for it and saw nothing, but someone was able to follow, and I saw some views too so I'm just going to assume it's open already.8Oh okay, after I messed with it that's what I thought, thanks for confirming. They basically just took out that middle step of you choosing whether to capture everything or just one window, and actually I like that a lot. This one actually seems a little more intuitive than the OBS one. I think this could work out.Guess I just need to test it now.
Requesting sexy Leviathan pole dancing.
Requesting Callie and Marie has t.A.T.u.
2Post a screenshot of Palutenas underwear. I've seen it before but can't find it now.I'm just making sure it's on model
1I wasn't sure what to draw but I guess my waifu is Isabelle since I draw her a lot. Hope this is fine.
0OR here, that's absolutely terrific. And the jawbreaker's a nice touch too.
0You did justice.
69Glad you guys like it. Love the show and love the game, and im glad there's others.
Any simple Anarchy Reigns requests?
8How about some Durga
FUCK this streaming thing is still not working. It connects but it keeps saying "No playable sources found". What am I doing wrong?
7That looks delicious! Thanks anon.the pizza looks yummy too.
7Sorry i missed you anon thanks too
3What program? OSB?
3Xsplit.
3xsplit just use OSB. 
9I tried OBS first and whatever DirectX plugins it needs don't work on my computer.
Have any of you drawfags animated before?If so, what was it?
3Ok, Anon, I just used this:I got everything to work first try.Try using this guide.
9I have been, I've even been constantly going back and forth to make sure all the numbers shown match. There are some things it wouldn't let me change, though. Maybe I need the encoder it shows in the image there? That's not the one that comes up in the dialogue box on mine.
1
6The only thing I did was enter the 4 lines it wanted you to enterpicarto.tvpicarto.tvrtmp://live.us.picarto.tv/golive [stream key as copied from dash]and then set the max bitrate to 400....Then you click the broadcast button in the top and click on the RTMP button you just created yourself, and you'll start broadcasting on the picarto channel.
9not OR, but that's REALLY cool.
1I've only done it twice recently. Just a walk cycle and a weird looking bunny hopping around. I don't call the bunny thing animating though.
0That's exactly what I did too, but now I've found a way to change the things I couldn't before so now everything is exactly the same as in the example image, and I'm going to try again. Turns out the codec that was different was for audio so it doesn't matter anyway.
2I got you anon
1Hm. Specs?
1idk if 2 frames counts but i made a 2 frame walk last week.other than that just some 8 frame loops of OCsAlso working on a 2 frame right now that isn't vidya
9I don't know. I know literally nothing about computers.
9I thought you were me for a second.
6that, run it, and screenshot what it shows you.
1A couple of music videos, shorts, popsicle licking.
0Can we see some?
Requesting something cute or sexy with Hinoka. Maybe with an off-screen or faceless guy running his hands through the back of her hair.
Requesting a cute pic of Kaoru from the Rance series with a short bob haircut.
1only a friend attacking an ex friend and 2 members of metallica back in middle school
5What anime is she from again? I forgot it.
Requesting POV view of Orochi fat ass bouncing up and down on a thick penis.
7gatchaman crowds, itÂ´s great, and hajime is super cute
7gatchaman crowds
1That looks pretty cool anon but why pink?
1Not video games and embarrassing as fuck.7Hajime from Gatchaman Crowds. It's getting another season this year.
39Thank you anons. I will repay you both.
Just a Request of her without the claw and armor.
6I also deleted the channel and redid the whole process, first changing nothing more than adding the couple lines of info and the bitrate, then changing it so everything matched again, and none of that worked either.
3greatit's alright at best, the music is fucking fantastic though
Requesting Tuba Croc and Bowser playing a tuba duet.
0Cute as always, thank you for the Selphie!
6Just what I default to.
9I can't think of a reason why it shouldn't work, I literally set it up in 2 minutes and tested my stream, and it worked fine.
9I honestly don't know what the problem could be. I just re-installed it, took less than 15 seconds for the whole ordeal. Could you possibly go more in-detail about what happens?
3So.....what happens to them?
4It's just because my life sucks, clearly.7There's nothing more to it, really. I'm not getting any error messages from the program itself, it's just that on the Stream page it shows the stream being live, but rather than any footage it just says "Error Loading Player: No playable sources found".Maybe it's something stupid like I need to uninstall OBS first. Maybe I need to completely uninstall both of them and reinstall Xsplit.Maybe it's a problem with Adobe Flash, I have a lot of trouble with it in general.
6
4You did try previewing the stream before going live, and seeing a picture in the black box, yes?
6Not the anon who asked for requests, but here's a WIP. Hope it's looking decent so far. Not sure how a butt cheek is seen from this angle, haven't found the best ref pic for it yet.
4hmmm..ok what about xsplit. when you click the broadcast button and click the rtmp thing, does it say that it's connecting and then say it's broadcasting in red on the top bar?also did you uncheck the thing where it saved recordings to your hard drive?  not necessary, but it's also a stupid waste of storage space .
1Aww yiss
86If I understand you right, then yes, I can see the footage in real time in the black area of the Xsplit window, before I click broadcast. Once I start broadcasting it connects quickly and shows the framerate and everything holding steady in the red text at the top. But on the picarto page, even though it can tell the stream is connected, no video comes through. Also yes I did turn off the autosave.
Someone requested this a number of threads back I'm kind of slow of the bikini girls from Shantae.Posting a WIP, but I'll try to finish it up and color it tomorrow! Any critiques or fixes are welcome 
1From the thumbnail I thought it was Krizalid.
3CUTIE! Nice drawing boneax! youre on a roll today!
Requesting Makoto in Sins outfit.
3They do look similar now that you mention it.
3god dammit time to masturbate again
2Sorry, man. Don't know what could be causing the problem. If you want, there's probably some forums you can visit that can help you better than I. And trust me, you want to use OSB much more than XSplit.
0thanks
2I'm on your page right now, you seem to be live. but there's only black screen.
20GEEZUS H. R. GIGER MARTIN CHRIST!!!!!!!HAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHA!! I fucking figured it out!!!It was flash it was FUCKING FLASH.I just had to reinstall it and now it works!
8You get four for the price of one, Renge walking the devils.
Requesting Domina slapping her butt tauntingly.
3her robot parts go really well with your style
1FUCK YOUH FRASH good for you faglord
2Yeah, it was black screen because I had minimized PS, which was the only thing it was set to capture.Fucking flash man, it's the one program that has ever, and always, given me trouble on this computer. Also sorry I didn't reply just then, I keep timing out of my login sessions during all this so I couldn't reply. Damn that was ridiculous.5Thanks man.
1very cute, Tim!more Renge is always nice
0well, good to know it works for you.
Requesting Tactics Monk giving a thighjob.
4Yeah, thank goodness the hard part is out of the way, now. Now I can make some stuff for my page like a banner and avatar then get to streaming.
1Also a huge THANK YOU to everyone who helped me with this. Even though you guys might not have told me exactly what was wrong, you helped me by process of elimination, I might not have ever figured that out otherwise.
Can I get Overlord Rozalin fucking normal Rozalin'Overlord' can be seen in the bottom rightBig breasts too
Lionela from Rorona as Me!Me!Me! girl, both versions, please? Or the heroines, like Rorona 2, Totori 2, and Meruru...
6Screw that have her and Serephina instead.
9Rozy and SerphinaMight as well add in Sapphire, "Vulcanus", and Jennifer.
Daidouji as Tora-oneesan, the top and pants being pretty small
Requesting Misha in her Black Panther tightsuit and on/posing with a motorcycle like a model either based on one of the three robots in or her KASHA armour, please and thank you.More references: 
6It's the only thing that pops up to mind. Sorry that the file is big.
0This is good.
8i wanted to do this better but this is the best i could do anon
1Also, you're the person that drew the genderbent Taokaka, right?
1Yep.
Requesting Umihara lewdsOr her playing on a VitaOr both at the same timeBored sex and playing on it? Using it to masturbate?
3i thought it was Hisoka
Crota discovering cheese.
Is nintendo requests like mario too mainstream or does majority of /v/ like it?
7Nintendo requests happen alot but oddly enough nobody ever requests specifically mario
7I personally like it,but I believe it's mainstream as well. I think?
7Mario characters are cool and fun to draw.You probably have a better chance getting Nintendo requests done than any other kind of request.
3You sure about that? Cause I have.
tittyfuck please an thanks
7What the fuck is even going on in this picture.
7Who is this? I've tried reverse search and came up with nothing.
7That anatomy.
6From New Wave
4It's very rare, i cant recall any exact examples of mario requests from the past few months, honestly.
Draw some Material Sniper + her spotter pleasefucking her from behind as she tries to snipe or resting his head on her butt
Lewd please, maybe with cream filled machine injectors or many many people spraying and injecting her with white liquid love?
7Is that even a videogame?
4Think it's a Flash game.
4YEs, Material Sniper is a flash/browser game.
1Does she have...a name?
7request from a few days ago.
9Oh i actually do remember that one.still requested way less than a bunch of other nintendos
3I requested Mario shitting on the can making a funny face. Got me out of a bad day. I'll never forget that delivery.
Requesting this cute girl, the mascot character of the not-that-popular "Panty Crush / ãƒ‘ãƒ³ãƒ†ã‚£ãƒ¼ã‚¯ãƒ©ãƒƒã‚·ãƒ¥ã€ãƒ‘ãƒ³ã‚¯ãƒ©ã€‘" DMM game streaking nude with her panties on her head.
1So what? Nintendo's got a ton of franchises and characters that don't hit the map here. Mario's the lucky one.
7Okay so this butterfly lady is from Senran Kagura apparently.Went to the wiki to see if she had a specific name and left with nothing but confusion.
Requesting /ss/ with Reco and Palm like or any other position/scenarioAnd snowball fight with each other, shmup style with hundreds of speeding snowballs wearing winter-ish versions of their outfitsYes Reco does not wear underwear. You can draw something of that if you feel it
3Apparently, Reihime?
Minori playing Hatred, or something related to it.Otherwise something of the last game you playes/your favourite one.
2
Yomi hugging a giant plush beansprout like a bodypillowAnd a picture of cosplaying Hatsune Miku or another poor character.
Can I get some semi-lewd cute Muramasa
Requesting big toaster booty.
Uni as a nun and her getting pounded over the church organ, or cramped sex in a confessional booth.And a 'sequel'/ending her sayingI have a confession to makeIt wasn't a safe day
Any simple requests?
Cleru and Sugar having loving sex with leg-wrap around his waist, or in his lap, all for the purpose of procreationAlso a double/team-attack with both like G Gundam's "Love Love Tenkyouken"
9draw yourself :^
9Yukari Takeba making an angry face after being called a slut off screen.
Requesting porn: any style from hard powerfucking to tender lovemaking. You can draw whatever with her otherwise, involving her guitar-axe maybe.And someone turn Megalomachia-chan into a popsicle
9Yumetarou playing with Kirby?
Requesting NISA as "Dood of War" by Dood of War I mean a prinny version of the Cod of War from God of War or would anyone be willing to draw NISA bunny girl
I'd take some Chrono Trigger/Dragon Quest requests
3Yeah, sure, I'll draw it.
9Not if I draw it first!
9Gato as a robogirl
9DQ6 Hero fucking Ashlynn.I'll also take Milly taking Carter's big martial artist dick or DQ6 Hero and Crono brofisting.
9Ayla titties
As a succubus/in an outfit that is as revealing or not, midriff has to be exposed regardless or in a sling bikini in a pose like bottom pic.Or a monstergirl like 
Ayame as the trader from Killing Floor
give me something cute to draw
66
50
6he said cute, anon
requesting footjobs with thick ropes of cum
8
4thanks anon you a cute
5how about this? they're both cute 4
0Handholding is just as good.Perhaps even lewder, you devious fiend
7what is your definition of cute, because that has cute potential
0Ignore my previous post, it was uncalled for, I had a long day and I'm grumpy.my apologies
7Well I'm a degenerate Quebecker so what do you expect?
452Thanks everyone. I was thinking that one too, since that anon was right about the other one not being as well thought out.7HA TOO BADI feel you though2There's room for one more. Funnily enough, this is the second time you've done the same request as me, Splashbrush. I'm anon, so it's obviously a coincidence, but it's funny nonetheless.Can't wait to see the finished one!
2Hey, not complaining here. I find the loosest drawfags are the most endearing ones.
2the penis turned into a carrot. maybe that is okay too.8the zelda request?
4I wanted to draw Ayla's ass though
Are there any tutorials for shading and lighting you guys can share?
There's a lot of ass these past few posts.
2ass is goodboy ass is better
someone draw Red Garland from 7th stand user?Maybe Red Garland Requiem if you got the creativity to do so?
64QT!  Got a place where I can follow?
8Nice work. Would an eggplant had made more sense though?
Aaaa
8You've got it.Well, if it means anything, I guess it means we both have good taste in girls.
0spooky
squid girl requests? no I won't do lewd, my moral fiber's thick as iron. 
2Marie eating a popsicle. As cute and non lewd as possible.
2Fem Inkling wearing pajamas looking tired.
2Speaking of inklings, did the guy doing squidgirls in different outfits post yet?
8diggin the lines on this one.SAI? Or Photoshop?
2Callie with her head on Judd, who has his own head on Marie's.
8Did somebody say boy butts?
2i want to see my Lynn from Vindictus as an Inkling!also maybe wearing Glasses, too.
5It was me, I said boy buttsI'd take some butt based requests if I wasn't preoccupied
2How about an inkling with a mouth full of squid ink spaghetti?
PREPARING TO BAKE BREAD
8
8Fuck, me too.
BREAD BAKED. READY TO COME OUT OF THE OVEN WHEN NEEDED.
1wut
Shygal a cute! 500!
7Faggot
8I'm on it.
6HERES YOUR NEW BREAD222
1Ah shit, nigga. Don't tell me you're going whole hog on my list. Guess I best keep an eye out for the next.Anyway, I think another anon requested something with DQ6 Hero and Crono, so I feel bad for hijacking his idea of having those two in a pic. You'd think with Square and Enix being one entity we would have seen something like this years ago but whatcha gonna do?
0Good choice.
2THANKS
9HE CAN TALK HE CAN TALKHE CAN SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING
38i need to know as well
ITT; good games /v/ never talks about
3Bitch it aint a good game if we aint talkin about it.
So what do you actually think about XCOM2?
Skylanders has sold $3billion, more than Amiibos will ever sellSpyro is worth at least a hundredfold since this startedthere is zero chance of Insomniac developing another oneTruly worse than death itself
he still got off better than crash
6Crash is way cheaper, easier for Activision to give it up. Plus it's dead, no rape involved
6Actually there is a chance for Crash to have an amazing comeback, sure its little but unlike Crash he isn't absorbed into Skylanders. Skylanders have now become more popular than Spyro ever was Macy Balloon Parade, Megabloks, IDW comic he will now forever be associated with it.
I thought Amiibos were selling like gangbusters
2Weren't they phasing Spyro out of it?
3Why on Earth would they phase him out?There's an entire line of dragon Skylanders based on Spyro.
3The one of the far left is a fucking bird.
Best Spyro reporting for duty
I'll always hate Activision for destroying Spyro.It was my childhood gametfw my mum would help me with the hard bits and with the mechanical sharks that scared metfw she still asks me to load it up so we can play together like old times
9MUH CHILDHOODThose games are still playable to this day and even up on PSN.
0I know. I own them physically and digitally on the PSN now. The gameplay really has aged well. In fact, the game has aged well in every regard.
2You're whining is still awful.If anything, Skylanders is what got my cousins to try out the original games.It was a good feel when they enjoyed it.

3Here's the thing, while Spyro isn't the main character he still get figure revamps so no they aren't trying to phase him out. Besides old Sklanders are compatible with new games
7Calm down, anon. You can still enjoy Skylanders if I don't. The original Spyro trilogy is just pure quality, Skylanders is just a means to nickle and dime gullible parents.
8No one that matters still works at Insomniac anyway. Today's development studios are very different from how they used to be.
1 = 2  31 had the best world design.2 introduced new gameplay elements.3 was rushed with shitty world design and Ratchet and Clank beta testing but still decent.
Just like we got a Transformers, TMNT, and GI Joe movie because of childhood nostalgiaIn 10 years there will most likely be a Skylanders Movie aimed at all those fans grown up. There will also be a grown up autistic fanbaseHow does this make you feel /v/?
2They nearly made a Spyro movie, once upon a time. Pic related, the actual poster before it was canned.9It's sad that a rushed game like Spyro 3 was quality as fuck compared to rushed games these days.
2Yo, Spyro looks cute as fuck here
1From the Producer of EragonNOPENOPENOPEOkay maybe for cringe material
1from the producers of EragonGoddamn dodged a bullet there.
2Bigger
71The Legend of Spyro series was so beyond terrible, far worse than skylanders.
2It doesn't make me feel. Let the kids have their fun who gives a shit? All I hope is that when they get older they realize there were older Spyro games and they play them and get to experience how great they were.
3There's just a low supply so it looks like selling out is a big thing
4WE MUST GO BIGGER!9The Skylander games mention that Spyro had some great adventures before coming to Skyland. i like that.
72Here, this was the credits theme allegedly.href="#p297014014" class="quotelink"4It wasn't great, but I'd take it over Skylanders any day.8Yup. It's false demand.
1I'm far from a fan of Skylanders in general but the comic looks quite charming. I do still think by 10 years the grown up fans will make parody and tribute videos, along with autistic OC and gritty shit. And alot of porn
Thoughts on these guys?is the fanbase
0What's the issue
7Eh, just curious around the supposed community they are pretty well known
0kid has better production values than the amiibo reviews I've seen so far
0Children shouldn't be allowed on the internet.
8This is how I imagine this series will go, they will either:A continue making games, more characters, until the count rivals that of Pokemon  as well as originality.kids will love it and follow the path of almost every fandom and create incredibly cringey shit several years from now. OCs, artwork, unnecessarily gritty stories, etc...ORB game becomes a hit for a few more months and then falls to obscurity and everyone reminisces about it.Either way, there's only one way to see how this shit goes, and I can't wait for the result
2Well it's already reaching its 5th installment, it has a comic by IDW going on,29
2B game becomes a hit for a few more monthsIt's been a hit for years now.
0I just now heard about this game, what can I say? also a comic? I though it stopped it when they made skylanders gummies.
3MerchandisingSoon there will be Skylanders the Flamethrower
2You betcha
9Closed in 15 seconds. Not sure if autism or kids being kids. I probably did similar shit but at least digital cameras and youtube didn't exist.
3I just now heard about this gameHow could you just of now heard of it?It's a fucking huge franchise. It's up there with Call of Duty in terms of popularity. It created a new genre that both Disney and Nintendo aped.It was shit posted to death on /v/ when it was first announced.
5Kids being kidsYou were born early enough to avoid the age of surveillance. That also means that none of the embarrassing shit you've done was recorded and uploaded onto the internet for all to see.Congrats anon. You did something right, although not by your own doing.
9And in future /v/ it will be remembered fondly by the neo newfags
8spyroliterally what?get out of here with your kiddie games
2How old are you?Don't you like fun
3I like real video games and not this nintendo kiddie shit
8Define real videogame
What does /v/ think about Disney Infinity?
2Stop responding to people who are that obviously pretending to be retarded.
2assassin's creedleague of legendsbloodbornehalomass effectnone of this asian kiddie garbage
2A game where I roam the countryside on my motorcycle, kick people for fifteen minutes, shoot them, fuck the lady that nearly got raped in an alleyway without taking my clothes off or leaving said alleyway and getting past an electric fence using my cunning and wit.
55It's only truly good on PC since its freeAlso 3.0 looks pretty good
0Give me 15 minutes
0Sounds shortHow's the gameplay?
6I'm curious will other characters combat will be updated in 3.0?If so then a good Iron Man game is possible then
8nintendo kiddie shitSpyroNintendo
8It seems everyone with a melee attacks is getting upgraded.I hope this applies to 1.0 characters when using items and that they include new weapons with at least a generic move set. It be something at least.
6cloud swinging
muh childhoodHilarious, you manchildren never fail to amuse me.
5What is wrong with you manchildren? Can't you people just let kids be kids? Yes you neckbeard. You to acted like a kid once upon a time.So Spyro got absorbed into this thing called Skylanders. So what? These kids are entitled to liking Spyro just as much as we were when Spyro first debuted on PS1. Only an immature idiot would get angry at this. Oh wait I am on /v/...
6Here's the weird thing.When there's an object or building nearby, the web attaches onto the building or object. I can see the damn thing attached.But if there's nothing, it just shoots straight up.It actually controls real well though.
6Realistic.The prior kicking a man to death in fifteen minutes applies to all melee just as expectedTo kill someone, aim for the heart and shoot once, twice, thrice, unload the clip, reload, unload that clipalternatively, aim for the head and it's always one hit unlike shitty Fallout 3 and New Vegas and doubtlessly 4high speed collisions with large vehicles sounds like _______________*tap*And finally, what really speaks to meBelievable character and interactions, especially with the prior-mentioned sex and the ultra-realistic strippers with asses you can just feel as you watch the lapdance cutscene10/10 best experience
9mom would help with the scary partsSounds pretty cute anon.
0who is the worst character you have ever tried out?
0Sounds like if /v/ has taken over BiowareSOLD
6Rocket Raccoon
7Is he a shallow clone with no real defining original talent and is thus nothing but a overpriced skin?
I never seem to notice Spyro in any of the Skylanders stuff when I go shopping, so no nostalgia is being ruined here.If anything, I want more stuff from the original games in there. From what I can tell there's a character who's basically Moneybags with a different name, so that's a start. If they at least introduce an Egg Thief as a character, I'll be satisfied.
5I like the figures, I wish there was a solid game to them that was more than just "here's a digital sandbox, go crazy". Just like I wish there was a solid game for just the amiibos.
0Sparx is in, as a assist weapon with no personality or life
4It's feels like a 1.0 character when compared to the rest of the 2.0 roster.He has a dash attack and 2 projectiles and that's it.
6It looks beautiful.
3Is their any "clones" in the game
3Well you got me, but I have something better
1 enjoyed the fuck out of year of the dragon it was rushedHoly crap
Shilllanders is a major cash cowToys for Bob will never be permitted to make anything that isn't spyro related in the forseeable futureI just want a sequel to The Unholy War, why is that so hard to ask for?
8Anyone from 1.0.2.0 did a good job making everyone feel different
9Mate Spyro was my mum's, hell her entire side of the families jam. My GRANNY was the first one to beat that trolley mission and my granddad would even call me up for advice sometimes. My mum even got him a Playstation.
9Marble Blast clones are a thing? Why?
8Did they ever bother updating 1.0 characters?Also I thought the Incredibles were different
3Not like they had much to go off of, since sparx was essentially a glorified health bar, but holy shit that's just ugly.
2is their equivalent to a Nintendo Direct
8Is Lone Ranger fun to use? I just got his figure because it looks cool imo, also cowboy
2They gave them some skill trees but all it does is increase damage and health for 1.0 characters.Incredibles were different enough so I am hoping that the combat system changes ends up applying to them. They already have combo moves, the timing just needs work.8I haven't bought him yet. I just finished buying all the Marvel toys. I'm working on the Disney side now.
3Best Playset?Worst Playset?
you will never be Stewart Copeland
8I heard nothing but good things about the Lone Ranger playset.Worst one has to be the Avengers playset.3.0 playsets look really fucking good though. The Star Wars ones look like Ratchet and Clank with Swords.
4
4I heard nothing but good things about the Lone Ranger playset.where the fuck did you hear that from?when the game came out, it was a pretty unanimous vote that it was one of the worst playsets ever.
6How would you react if Amiibo were exclusively compatible with Disney Infinity Wii U edition? The Gamepad does have NFC
2Niggers on the internet2That be pretty neat.Hell, it be neater if Nintendo and Disney teamed up to fine tune the platforming. They already got SUMO digital to redo the racing mechanics for them.
0Of course niggers would be against the white cowboy
6This will never get old
4Why does Avengers suck?
0Maui Mallard/Quackshot when
8Let me sum up Avengers playsetYO! MY SHIT IS FROZEN! BREAK SOME ICE!YO! THIS HOSTAGE WAS TAKEN! BREAK SOME ICE!YO! THIS BUS WAS TAKEN! BREAK SOME ICE!
8Sweet Lord just get a flamethrower!That sounds terrible!Any cool boss fights?They couldn't possibly screw that up
9There were only like 2-3 boss fights. They were actually pretty fun. I'm glad Loki got a figure. I wish Modok would have gotten one too.
00Modok would be "unprofitable"I heard their thinking of bringing him in the civil war movie
8Do you guys think crash will come back? I thought twinsanity was pretty good.
What do you even do in these games anyway?
6You play as a champion of the fictional realm of skylands to fight a bald wizard who is a manchild and is voiced by Zim's voice actor
0Why does it cost over 2500 dollarydoos to have all the content?
5So you can feel bad about hot gluing them
Bump
0Here's your game anon.This took way longer than it should have.I couldn't figure out how to get the rape in
0Fuck. i forgot the electric fence and the shoot out.
There will never be another Spyro game.
5I still loved it anon
Is Spyro even in the skylanders games any more? Like, is he a main character, or just another generic avatar you can play as.
9He is just a side character. He doesn't play any important part other than being chosen to be played as.
0No anon, you're getting your shoot out and your fence.I promise you this.
7Look on the bright side. It's got a better chance than gex.
Spyro is a lost cause, but everyday I hope this gets brought back.
000
3I could have shoved in a FOR YOUI'll never be happy
8Gex only had one good game. I don't know why you fags liked the 3D ones.
8True...
3I applaud you Anon, take care
7IMPORTANT INFO class="quote""Speaking to IGN at this year's EGX convention, Price explained that he'd be more than happy to create another game on the popular character if the right opportunity comes along."
9Which is pretty much never since Spyro is forever taped to Skylanders because9Which I don't mind
7There won't be a new Jak and Daxter game either because developers wen't, "we won't be making cartoony games, but mature games for people, such as myself."
0Blame "Mature Gamers" who want "Mature Games"
No one will remember this anyways
9None of the characters are 'main characters', besides the NPC's. They're all just generic avatars that aren't even referred to by name during dialogue anywhere in the game.
3Arm correctly maps around the figureNo clipping At the very least they out very special attention to the animations
4Naw fuck that, I'm blaming Naughty DogWhen they did try to make a new Jak and Daxter, they tried to make it serious. Even more than Jak 2
the servers are closing two months after Steam launchIt has to be some kind of record
5Did it leave beta?
9yeah, on march and this week they announced the the servers will close on august
5Is that less time than Dawngate?
2Yeah didn't beat dawngate.
5This plus Dawngate is proof that shitty shameless LoL clones don't make money and fucking nobody wants to play them.Will developers learn their lesson?
5what a shame, it wasn't bad, definitely better than most dota clones
Wow, what an infinite crisis
8Im guess you are one of those retards who knows nothing but because its a MOBA you have to come here and shit post.Dawngate was a decent game but EA happened and Infinite Crisis Devs had no idea how to create a MOBA which is the reason it died.
8Does anyone ever WANT to make a MOBA? I'll be honest, I don't see the appeal so I'm probably biased but they don't seem like they'd be fun to make. I'm having a hard time imagining a bunch of developers passionately deciding to throw caution to the wind and make another MOBA.
0Dawngate wasn't good. People were just fed up with league because they were shit and suddenly an even more EZ mode game comes out and they shit their pants over it. It was a blatant LoL clone with stupid innovations.The whole tetris runesystem bullshit was retarded. Picking roles was retarded. Having those spirit wells was retarded. The only thing it did right was let you pick summoner spells in game. The rest of the game was either garbage, or blatant LoL rip off.
5The majority of mobas exist because the few big ones make money.Its the same with WoWclones.There is no actual passion involved in these.
0I've played a lot of both of them.Dawngate was LoL with no mana bars, a few control points on the map, and a far more shallow item system. IC was LoL with superhero skins and a clunkier engine.They both died because they tried to outdo LoL at being LoL, and inevitably failed.
I just had to /v/i had to go back and remember how good ME was and what it could have been...mass effect thread
Tfw EA ruined another company/game
Get gabbin' or get goin'
Minecraft style is not "retro". I feel that at the very least Mn9 will be underwhelming. Without the connection, if you just saw the screencaps and the videos would you care for it? I don't think I would. It looks like some 2 dollar steam indie game. The graphics are plain, like an upscaled low end PS2 game. The color scheme is blue or dark, with no contrast, and nothing seems to jump out. Game play looks boring. The game will be completely forgotten about soon after release. It won't even make it to the top list of best Mega Man clone or fan games.
Minecraft style is not "retro".For you
2Retro = MinecraftI've supported this game for a long time but this is crossing the line. What the fuck kind of lazy shit is this?
we want the minecraft audience
900salty backers crying salty tears because us PS4 sonybros can get a physical game, all the DLC, exclusive DLC, a statue, and Inafune's signature for 60 dollars while you cuckstarter backers had to pay 700 dollars for the same stuff
0They seem like the right audience that would by Inafune's merchandising scheme that he's been trying to push. Is he still going through with that animated series?
7What? I didn't back that shit.I was thinking about it, but then I forgot and I guess it helped me in the endÂ¯\_ãƒ„_/Â¯
8Jesus fucking christ. Have we really reached the point where lets players have their own merchandise?
7console neo-luddites wallowing in archaic media technology and playing with actual toys made for toddlers. This is why your consoles are stuck in 900p 24 fps, because you cannot into advanced technology
pre order for hard mode
2Game fucking looks like it's for 3DS.All that fucking time and money and they couldn't make a better model?
23DS is likely the bottleneck, which makes the other versiosn look worse. They should have made the main game, then a spin-off 3DS title.
4The 3DS and Vita versions are coming out at a much later date.
0Honestly this one isn't Inafune's fault, Deep Silver is handling the DLC so you have them to blame.
This is a clear case of there is no such thing as bad publicity. I literally only heard about this game due to all of the awful things about it and people bitching about a game they are not even planning to buy. Best way to market a game for free, just piss off 4chan with something minor and they will do all of the work for you.A guy buying it because "it can't be that bad" is still a sale. Better then him never even heard of it.
, 
, 
Eminem owns a WiiU. Why don't you /v/? it currently has the best and widest selection of all the 3 current market consoles.
Who cares what a gay terrible rapper has
I'm not a manchild and I'm perfectly comfortable with my PC alone
3not a manchildplays exclusively on PCðŸŽ©ðŸ‘Œ
I do, and it's like my... third favorite console. For now at least. Once it completely dries up in a year, I'll probably think less of it.
6plays kids games such as memetoonnot a manchilderic
FEMINISTWOMENLOVEEMINEM
I still don't see how the WiiU got battle network games on the eshop rather than 3ds wtf.
One year head start outsold by the other two consoles after it three original IPs that are weaknothing but rehashes now and in the future.
1EminemterriblePick one. 1999-2003 he was pure fire. There isn't a rap album on this planet as good as the Marshall Mathers lp aquimini and my beautiful dark twisted fantasy get close. Also, his favorite game is donkey Kong according to Google, so hes alright by me.Extra points for pissing of feminists too.
7Chicka chicka chicka slim shady look at him
1Also, his favorite game is donkey KongMore than that, he had a world record at some point.
What games does he play? If he doesn't own Bayonetta and Smash then dropped.
3I've been on the fence about buying one for a few days now. Don't particularly care about the ps4, which seems to be stuck in a perpetual state of "soon", and my brothers been planning on getting an Xbox one, so a Wii U only makes sense right...? I love Nintendo games have 2 3DS systems with over 40 games, I basically play nothing but Nintendo outside of halo, NHL, and NFS. Still, $300 $330 for splatoon bundle+ tax seems like a bit much. Factor in a pro controller, smash bros must have, that stupid GameCube connector that's never in stock, and it adds up.I hope they have a price drop soon. It needs one. I need one.
Does he shove the wii controller up Hector's rectum?
1He's a emo rapper, all he does is cry about his mommy
4rehashesDo you actually have an argument or are you just going to spout memes and pretend such things do not exist among what few games the other consoles have.
spaghetti spaghetti
Spooky threadWhat're your thoughts on P.T.?
6ded
It's more depressing than spooky, now.
Sadness
dead in the water
